  if democratically elected governments decide they want to chisel away at the eu , then that is the will of the people . 
  it 's the eu 's fault if the people start to feel the need to do that . 
   i think you would be traitors because you put everything at risk we - all europeans - tried to built . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  i 've never been consulted on this , nor have most europeans . 
  `` we '' have never built anything . 
  the eu has always been an elitist little clique that does whatever the hell it likes , regardless of whether they 're carrying out the will of the people . 
  now they 're facing the prospect of the people fighting back and that terrifies them . 
   and all that for purely egocentric reasons and a overly romanticized view on your own history and greatness as a empire . 
  clearly you have no idea about our motivations for leaving the eu . 
  daddy is coming to visit !, 
  \u1566 ( \u00f2_\u00f3\u02c7 ) \u1564 #make britain great again, 
  only if you 're a fanatic . 
  i doubt that the vast majority of ordinary europeans are going to care much either way about our referendum result . 
   you are quite an entitled and unreasonable cunt , are n't you ? 
  potty mouth . 
   at least have the decency not to waste the resources of the eu if you oppose it . 
  pathetic . 
  we already pay far more into the eu budget than we take out . 
  so they 're our resources . 
   traitor . 
  kiss kiss . 
  `` traitors '' ... such exquisite saltiness . 
  love it . 
  if you wanted to punish them in a way that did n't involve imprisonment ( which is expensive ) , there 's always corporal punishment . 
  you ca n't expect cultures to be united by a bureaucracy . 
  empires have had a hard time in uniting cultures using brute force , so i do n't think that the eu is going to have much success . 
  there 's no appetite across europe for a cultural union and i ca n't see that changing any time soon . 
  most of this is only of interest for eu officials who relish the thought of being able to strut around at international summits with a new found sense of self importance . 
  they ca n't sand the fact that they 're seen by other international leaders for what the truly are : a bunch of inept bureaucrats who would n't succeed in a real job . 
  and for the idea of a common constitution , tax system and army ? 
  no thanks . 
  you might be right on that one . 
  if we 're still in the eu , it would make sense for netflix to produce more programming in the uk . 
  concentrating on uk-produced english language programming would give it a much wider reach across among the continent 's many english speakers . 
  it would also be more likely to appeal to their american customers , too . 
  it 's legal for anybody to set up an arbitration tribunal . 
  i could set one up where the verdicts are based off my readings of animal entrails and as long as i could find people stupid enough to agree to use the service , it would all be fine . 
  people are making a whole load of fuss over nothing . 
  these `` courts '' have no place in the country 's legal system and no jurisdiction . 
  if superstitious cretins want to use the service , then i 'm happy for them to do so and i could n't give a shit if they 're consequently the victims of unfair decisions . 
  oh , i 'm not saying that all french stuff is unwatchable crap . 
  just the stuff that they have to force on everyone . 
  oooh , i did n't know of that sub . 
  given that i 'm a data hoarder myself , that place might come in handy . 
  cheers . 
  ridiculous . 
  if france wants to force their own domestic media companies to broadcast their unwatchable crap then they 're welcome to , but they should n't be able to push this on an eu level . 
  if 20 % of their content has to be european in origin they should just film something in their european offices on the cheap . 
  maybe just a guy sitting on a chair reading the labels from bottles of cleaning fluid for three hours . 
  though we got rid of the last remnants of our screen quotas over 30 years ago and have n't looked back . 
  i 'm sure some of our filmmakers who ca n't compete in the real world would love them , but fortunately our governments do n't dance to their tune . 
  i do n't doubt that i have personally benefited in some ways from trade with china . 
  but i would argue that such benefits are fairly petty and short-term . 
  western trade policy has facilitated the rise of china . 
  it has allowed china to move forward economically , technologically and ( in the near future ) militarily . 
  that amounts to a long term threat to western hegemony . 
  i do n't think it 's going to be worth it in the long run to assist the rise of china , just for the sake of being able to manufacture our t-shirts and smartphones for a few euros cheaper . 
  fair enough . 
  but bear in mind it 's very easy to say such things when you know it 's highly unlikely that you 'll ever need to be confronted with the choice . 
  you could say that , but i think there are rational incentives for people of all classes to support a program of redistribution of wealth domestically . 
  the main one is political stability . 
  huge disparities in wealth result in political instability . 
  it is much easier to contain that instability if it restricted to poorer countries than it is to deal with it among your own population . 
  't was always thus . 
  besides , i doubt you 'd be so in favour of solidarity if it was to result in a genuine lowering of your living standards . 
  there 's only so much of the pie to go round . 
  a genuinely equitable distribution of the world 's wealth would result in you living in relative squalor compared to what you have now . 
  are you up for that ? 
  edit : spelling, 
   that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  irish starved to death while irish corn left irish ports under the british empire . 
  yes they did , but what has that got to do with the price of tea in china ? 
  the fact that the irish were starved does n't alter the point i made . 
  or are you saying that the uk 's current prosperity is based purely on starving the irish , and that had we not done so , our current living standards would be on a par with sub-saharan africa ? 
   so you might want to reconsider where your true self-interest lies . 
  it does n't lie in seeing jobs outsourced to asia . 
  if we have to choose between humans in china or robots at home , we 're better off with the robots . 
   you 're assuming that we 'll be able to do great while everything goes to shit around us . 
  i do n't see why we could n't maintain our relative prosperity . 
  most of the world has always been shit . 
  the fruits of civilisation have only ever been enjoyed by a relatively small proportion of the world 's population . 
  the question we need to ask is whether or not we want to be the ones enjoying those fruits . 
  the threats that the french and romans faced were of a conventional military nature . 
  the migrants heading towards europe are unarmed , so it would be easy to stop their movement once the political will is there . 
   our wealth today and their poverty have historic roots . 
  that 's very much debatable . 
  i do n't doubt that certain individuals got very rich from colonial exploitation , but that does n't necessarily mean that we owe the relative prosperity of our society to those actions . 
  there is very little relation between a country 's colonial practices and its present day prosperity . 
  sure , the uk and france we big players in the colonial game . 
  yet germany and japan were n't , bar a few short lived bouts of genocide . 
  i do n't think that you could plausibly credit their prosperity with their imperial practices . 
  there is also south korea , which has absolutely no imperial history yet is prosperous . 
  then you have countries with an imperial history like turkey that are n't particularly great . 
  i would suggest that present day prosperity owes more to culture than to colonialism . 
  that could easily be solved by maintaining much tougher border protection . 
  it would certainly be a better solution than allowing your country 's industrial base to be gutted . 
  indeed it did . 
  but i sure as hell wo n't be engaging in a load of self-flagellation over it . 
  nothing to do with me , guv .
