  let 's not pretend that the rest of the eu was just begging for british leadership . 
  that sort of flattery always fell flat during the referendum campaign . 
   i still remember how in 2015 cameron came from a eu meeting giving great speeches how the uk wo n't pay the extra billion to the eu ( owned because of increasing economy ) . 
  maybe the eu should n't have asked for money froim us and just been satisfied with the billions we were already giving them . 
  this country had been struggling with austerity for years in order to try and reduce our debt burden and get our economy back on track , only to be penalised because we performed a bit better than expected . 
  do you have any idea how bad it looks when a bunch of bureaucrats in brussels just decide to help themselves to our money and there 's absolutely nothing that we can do about it ? 
  our commitment to the eu was always threadbare at the best of times . 
  it 's their own fault . 
  you might as well ask for a pet unicorn . 
  hey , looks like we 're not the only country that is run by technologically illiterate cretins !, 
  i 'll be sure to remember this the next time some smug guy on here tells me how much more enlightened eu governments are on the issue . 
  well , at least we 've still got good open source encryption . 
  that horse has long since bolted from the stable . 
  i do n't think that it 's so much a legal thing , as i very much doubt that the floats in these pictures would get you arrested . 
  i think it 's more of a cultural thing . 
  people here just would n't take kindly to those who would try to politicise an event like a carnival . 
  i 've never seen any in the uk . 
  i 've seen carnival wagons , but none with political connotations . 
  i imagine that it would n't go down well here . 
  looking on the bright side , it could be good for countries that do n't have those laws . 
  always nice to have less competition from french businesses . 
   you will pay the 60bn and much , much more than that , rest assured . 
  great to hear from someone with full authority over the matter ,, 
  not exactly daily , is it ? 
  you country gets a quick mention when the previous year 's immigration statistics get released . 
  i would hardly class that as an obsession . 
  it 's not like your country is talked about in the uk news on a regular basis . 
  it was n't `` divide and conquer '' , just divide . 
  england , and later , great britain/uk has never had any interest in doing any major conquests in continental europe since the hundred years war . 
  our desire to see europe divided was far more oriented towards defence . 
  i honestly do n't know what uk media you 've been looking at . 
  i read the news a lot , every day . 
  i read from many different sources . 
  newspaper websites , the bbc , etc. 
  i have n't stumbled across a story about romania today . 
  or yesterday . 
  or the day before . 
  in fact the last time , to my recollection , that i read a story about romania was a brief piece on the bbc about the anti-corruption protests as they were occurring . 
  that 's it . 
  british people take almost no interest in the affairs of continental european countries . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  well , you said in a previous post `` i bet that if i check an english newspaper right now i 'll find some shitty news about us , '' . 
  why not see for yourself ? 
  here 's the europe section on [ bbc news ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world/europe ) . 
  how about its counterpart in [ the guardian ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/europe-news ) maybe [ the telegraph ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/europe/ ) absolutely nothing about romania on the front page . 
  maybe if you really dig you might find something , but that 's the only way that you will . 
   lol , as far as i 'm concerned i wish you guys never knew we existed . 
   good news , that 's pretty much how it is here !, 
  no , we really do n't . 
  do n't flatter yourself , you 're just not that important to us . 
  we ca n't even muster up enough energy to take more than a cursory interest in the affairs of our closest continental neighbours like france and germany , so i do n't know why you think that we 'd ever be preoccupied with romania . 
   their media is obsessed with romania . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  most of us do n't give romania a second thought . 
  i went to school in scotland and england . 
  barely learned anything about the british empire . 
  very few people in the uk ever talk about it . 
  whenever someone ( inevitably someone who is n't from the uk ) brings up the british empire , it says a great deal more about them than it does about the british people . 
  it 's always fun hearing from europeans on this sub who are utterly clueless about the uk , yet still think they 're experts and know how we all think . 
  i would imagine that it 's quite useful for spying on mediterranean shipping . 
  i know that our bases on cyprus have been quite useful for spying purposes . 
  i would n't draw any conclusions from reddit comments , and certainly not youtube or facebook comments . 
  they will be no more influential over the uk 's neogtiating position than the deluded eu federalists on here will be over the eu 's negotiating position . 
  both sides have things they can bring to the table . 
  the eu has trade . 
  the uk has defence and security , especially regarding intelligence sharing and the protection of the baltic states . 
  and people on the internet will rage impotently at it all . 
  you 're in denial . 
  it 's happening . 
  pah , you 're just bragging . 
  what 's do you mean , jealous ? 
  no , i 'm not jealous at all . 
  nope , not in the slightest . 
  * mutters under breath *, 
   i would imagine 99 % of the british population know who they are ; i doubt that . 
  i can see that from this thread that more british people know of asterix than i thought , but i 'd personally be surprised if it was even a majority . 
  i had heard of asterix as a kid , but that 's as far as it went . 
  did n't see it being sold anywhere . 
  yeah , growing up in scotland and england , i never really had much experience with asterix . 
  in fact , my sole knowledge growing up came from a 16-bit game . 
  it was a fun little platformer . 
  i definitely had n't heard of anybody i knew reading the comics ( not that i ever specifically asked ) and i never saw them sold anywhere ( and it 's the sort of thing that i would definitely have noticed ) . 
  in fact , had it not been for the game , i would never have had any knowledge of asterix . 
  our decision to leave the eu was nothing personal . 
  so there 's no need to act like a spurned lover . 
  if you 're treating a decision to leave an international bureaucracy as some sort of personal affront , then you 're the one with the problem . 
  well , obviously . 
  the number of people who voted remain across the uk is more than three times the entire population of scotland . 
  to be fair , i would n't call the arguments `` practically identical '' . 
  there are certainly some similarities , especially rhetorical ones . 
  but the scottish independence campaign has always been something of a different beast to the brexit one . 
  not that any of the people on this sub would understand that , of course . 
  few people here have any understanding of the issues , it 's just a nice little stick for them to try and beat the uk . 
  hey , do n't ruin the circlejerk . 
  absolutely everyone in scotland is longing to break free from the cruel english tyranny . 
  there are n't any pro-union scots . 
  nope , not a single one . 
   to watch the vod broadcast in mp4 format in your browser , quicktime player must be installed on your computer .
