  seeing the likes of goldman sachs and the davos brigade line up to sing its praises will see to that . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  there 's a german word which perfectly describes my sentiment towards this woman : schadenfreude . 
  how exactly did this moron think they were going to act ? 
  well , now she 's been mugged by reality . 
  yet she still ca n't bring herself to resign . 
  in that case , she brings all this on herself . 
   are they begging for a brexit ? 
  for those of us who want it , proposals like this definitely help . 
  should be worth at least a couple of percent . 
  yes , really . 
  this is n't some clear left wing-right wing dichotomy . 
  in fact , there are even left wingers who support brexit . 
  they tend to be further to the left than more centrist labour types . 
  i 'm sorry if your preconceived idea of brexit supporters does n't actually chime with reality . 
  i 'm indifferent towards the british empire , i 'm neither proud or ashamed of it given that it 's all way before my time . 
  that said , i 'd be inclined to answer `` proud '' , simply to piss of all the chip-on-the-shoulder types who like to beat their chests whenever the subject comes up . 
  the uk gets niger . 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/travel/pix/pictures/2009/11/26/1259273703457/niger-tenere-desert-001.jpg?w=620&amp;q=85&amp;auto=format&amp;sharp=10&amp;s=e1d11e7f0312a2528a49dafa5f7933df ) ireland , brazil and us stay put . 
   could work , unless you discuss it and everybody knows your game in which case you just look foolish it could n't work even if you tried to keep it a secret . 
  intelligence agencies go to great lengths to find out whatever information they can about the nuclear weapons of other countries . 
  they would find out sooner or later . 
  pretty much . 
  cameron is all talk . 
  if you went to a sub like / r/unitedkingdom and said that , you 'd be accused of scaremongering , swallowing tabloid press propaganda , etc. 
  you 'll often find deluded corbyn groupies trying to convince themselves that their political idol is anything other than an absolute disaster . 
  yet i found that people from other countries can often see the situation much more clearly . 
  that , too . 
  i 'm finding it impossible to keep up with all the lunacy , and i 'm a politics geek . 
  it 's utterly staggering to see a once credible party go completely insane . 
   and it 's not the first time he has spouted such retarded statements when it came to foreign policy . 
  you could make a drinking game out of it . 
  every time jeremy corbyn says something utterly moronic , take a shot . 
  on second thoughts , maybe not , you do n't want to die of alcohol poisoning . 
  he 's really outdone himself today . 
  he wants to ditch our nuclear deterrent . 
  the trade unions ( which are powerful in the labour party ) want to keep it because of the jobs it provides . 
  corbyn 's solution ? 
  keep the submarines and the ballistic missiles , just do n't have the nuclear warheads !, 
  genius !, 
  i do n't think that they would be incapable of carrying about basic , repetitive tasks in a factory setting . 
  even illiterate people can do that . 
  how would it be imperialism ? 
  the refugee zones would be hosted in our own countries , so it would be a purely domestic political matter . 
  `` imperialism '' is a completely inappropriate word to describe such a proposal . 
  it 's likely that labour costs would be low . 
  low labour costs , combined with closer proximity to markets ( meaning lower shipping costs ) in europe and possible america could be used to lure companies away from manufacturing in countries like china or bangladesh . 
  it 's likely that manufacturers of garments or consumer electronics would seize the opportunities presented to them . 
  the bulk of the jobs in those industries are menial and do n't require a high level of education , so refugees would be well suited to it . 
  100 % this . 
  even an eu-sceptic like myself can get fully behind scientific cooperation such as the esa or cern . 
  it transcends politics . 
  i 'd be more than happy for my own country to contribute more . 
  it benefits all of europe and humanity in general . 
  nice , i 'll have to give that a look . 
  indeed it could . 
  it would require substantial initial investment , but once the infrastructure has been put in place , and especially if profitable industries are operating , it would be an extremely efficient and humane solution to refugee crises across the world . 
  i 've thought about that myself . 
  you could effectively build a city that acts as separate refugee sector . 
  you could even have industries operating there to help provide employment for the refugees and pay for any upkeep , along the lines of special economic zones that you find in developing countries . 
  that way they could be living immersed in their own culture ( or at least something close to it ) without it impacting negatively on the host society . 
  it would also help make any returns much easier once the situation in their home countries has stabilised . 
  when i 've heard scandinavians speak english , i 've always thought that that sound much more english than american . 
  that 's even in spite of the fact that are far more americans speaking english than english people , and the dominance of american popular culture . 
  [ it 's ok , they still love you !, 
  even as a brit , i think that germany 's wwii guilt trip is ridiculous . 
  i wish they 'd get over it and act like a normal country that does n't feel the need for self-flagellation . 
  i thought that the british liberal left were guilt-ridden imbeciles , but they 've got nothing on their german counterparts . 
  good post . 
  i would add that this definitely is n't a racial thing ; if you used a time machine to drag a bunch of ignorant , superstitious peasants from medieval europe into the 21st century , they would n't have a clue how to behave in a modern society either . 
  concepts like democracy , the rule of law and equality for women would be utterly meaningless to them , even though they would be of the same ethnic groups as modern europeans . 
  it 's all about culture . 
  not just reddit , the internet in general . 
  there are plenty of idiots who seem to think that shooting in the leg is at all practical . 
  it 's no surprise that wallstr\u00f6m would be banned from a country , given how utterly tactless she always is . 
  she seems intent on alienating every country she comes into contact with . 
  she 's probably the least suitable person imaginable for the job of foreign minister . 
  economic deterrents would go a long way . 
  migrants continue to come here because they know that their situation will improve greatly upon arrival . 
  end all forms of state assistance ( welfare benefits , healthcare , education ) . 
  prevent them from accessing housing and employment , imprisoning those who illegally provide it for them . 
  these economic measures that would drive illegal immigrants into sub-saharan african levels of poverty while not impacting negatively on our own people . 
  it would quickly become clear to these migrants that they would be better off in other european countries . 
   is n't it smarter to deal with the problem directly ? 
  ca n't be done . 
  the most that we in the uk can ever hope for would is to shelter ourselves from the coming storm . 
  they say it because there 's more than an element of truth in it . 
  these people are n't idiots . 
  they know that the government provides state assistance for asylum seekers , including with houses . 
  abolishing all forms of assistance for them would go a great way in removing incentives for them to move here . 
   possibly , but here 's the thing : once very basic needs are met , such as basic housing and food - which are met for the majority of people in west africa - , net change in circumstances is a more important predictor of satisfaction and happiness than absolute wealth . 
  and people generally rarely emigrate when they 're happy , fed , and has somewhere to sleep even if they 're poor in absolute terms . 
  i do n't think that stands up to scrutiny . 
  let 's take a look at mexico . 
  mexico is not a particularly poor country on a world scale . 
  the country is richer than it 's ever been . 
  it 's significantly richer than the vast majority of africa . 
  yet you still get an enormous flow of people over the border . 
  there 's no sign of that abating . 
  it 's differences in standards of living that are driving the mass movements of people , rather than poverty in absolute terms .
