  what sort of sanctions ? 
  fine us ? 
  that only works if you have a country that a ) cooperates and b ) is a net beneficiary . 
  if we just told the eu to get lost , the could n't do anything . 
  or maybe they 'll strip us of voting rights . 
  pfff , if that 's the est they can do then i 'm not worried . 
   of all the eu countries , you pay the smallest amount of your gross income . 
  even poland contributes more than the uk by percentage of income . 
  yeah , but we do n't really care about that . 
  we 're special . 
   at this point i do n't know why other countries want us to stay it 's because we 're utterly fantastic . 
   well , you 'd get your asses kicked `` asses kicked '' , how ? 
  what exactly will the rest of the eu do about it ? 
  there 's not a lot that i can see that they 're even capable of doing . 
  the eu is a paper tiger . 
   past the rebate , the vat refunds , the money sent back for development , the erc grants , etc. 
  you guys pay less than italy . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i was under the impression that we were the third largest contributor behind germany and france . 
  though even if we 're paying less overall the italians , that does n't mean that we 're still not paying too much . 
  you ca n't , we have a veto . 
  sweet , sweet vetoes . 
  it 's great being british , it really is . 
  besides , even if we did n't have a veto , we have a lot of power if we wanted to play a game of brinkmanship . 
  we contribute more to the eu that we take out . 
  so let 's say we decided to unilaterally decided to pay the eu less ( or nothing ) until our demands were met . 
  what would the eu do about it ? 
  not a lot , they would be pretty powerless . 
  we can always use our vetoes and our special opt outs to cause real problems unless our demands are met . 
  many europeans do n't realise that we 've actually been playing pretty nice in the eu . 
  if we decided to become really problematic , then you 'd know about it . 
  we have the capacity to destabilise the eu from within . 
  if we decide to act in such a manner , then there 's nothing that the rest of you could do about it . 
  in the event of a vote to remain , there will be a great deal of pressure for the british government to act much more assertively in defending the uk 's interests . 
  do you think that we 've been difficult in the past ? 
  well , you have n't seen anything yet . 
   i say fuck it and let 's evict them . 
  you ca n't . 
  that what makes this all so fun for us . 
  we can decide to leave the eu if we want . 
  or we can we remain . 
  we have n't decided yet , but we 'll do so at a time of our own convenience . 
  but there is no way for a member state to be kicked out of the eu . 
  this means that we can do whatever the hell we like and there 's absolutely nothing that you or anybody else can do about it . 
  i support brexit , but i wo n't be too upset if we vote to stay . 
  i know that if we do vote to stay , the british government will be under a massive amount of pressure to placate the nearly half of the population who voted to leave . 
  so prepare for a uk that is even more obstinate and objectionable than it 's ever been before . 
  i hope that our government uses its vetoes at every opportunity and makes it clear that it is willing to destabilise the eu in order to wring every little concession from it . 
  the other eu member states have made it clear that they want us to remain . 
  they should be careful what the wish for . 
  that would be fun , because then we could have another referendum !, 
  government departments and agencies sometimes send us mail , but only if we have some kind of dealings with them . 
  for example , the driver and vehicle licensing agency will send you your driving licence when you apply for it . 
  or if we 're dealing with our taxes , we 'll get something from hm revenue and customs . 
  but overall , we do n't get mail from the government itself , just whatever agencies that we have specific business with . 
  leaving the eu would be all the more sweet if it goes against the wishes of parasitic scum like george soros . 
  we have a first-past-the-post electoral system . 
  typically the largest single party gets an absolute majority of the seats , even though they do n't get a majority of the votes . 
  i did n't vote for them . 
  you 'll have to ask the minority of voters who voted for them . 
  it is pretty shit . 
  i like when people make fun of us , as long as they do it it a bit of wit . 
  this is more like a tedious , angry rant than comedy . 
  it 's like someone 's trying to do their own version of the daily show , but doing a really bad job of it . 
  we have an opt-out . 
  lovely , lovely opt-outs . 
  it 's still useful information . 
  it 's a good indicator of how important a country is to the eu . 
   so they wanted to solve 900 000 criminal cases and you were against it ? 
  no , they said they wanted to solve 900,000 criminal cases . 
  but this is the government we 're talking about and i certainly do n't believe a word they say . 
  pro-eu newspapers are available . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  if people neither know nor care about the issues involved , then they have every right in a free society to defer to those who do . 
  the closest thing that private schools get to public money is charitable status , which grants them certain tax exemptions . 
  i 'm not even sure if these schools have charitable status . 
  i completely agree with you , they should definitely place the mark next to `` leave '' . 
  oh yes . 
   how many christian fundamentalist schools are there in britain and what % of british schoolchildren are subjected to this ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if it was even as high as 1 % . 
  these are only a tiny handful of private schools that follow a very specific fundamentalist christian curriculum . 
   how does this relate to the plan by the conservatives to change all schools into academies ? 
  it does n't . 
  these are private schools . 
  they existed even before academies were a thing . 
  these are n't free schools . 
  i know what you mean , my dear compatriot . 
  to paraphrase frederick the great , an eu without britain is like music without instruments . 
  they 'll be beside themselves with grief . 
  you 're only saying it 's a bad time to hold this referendum because it might lead to a result that you do n't like . 
  there 's never going to be a perfect time to hold a referendum . 
  in fact , i would argue that the current crises give us a good backdrop on which to hold a referendum as it tells us a great deal about just how much of a liability the eu is . 
  if the eu was n't so incompetent , maybe there would n't be so many of us wanting to leave . 
   national interests and egocentrism where the reason for nearly any war that was waged in human history . 
  and you want to go back to this stupidity . 
  there are lots of reasons for wars . 
  there are even civil wars . 
  if political unions were guarantors of peace , there would be no such thing as civil wars . 
   and the absurdity is : if you have even the slightest bit of success you are going to give every single right wing government or party a hammer and chisel and the ability to shatter the very foundation of the european union . 
  that would be the fault of the eu for overreaching .
