  today , many people consider the right of same sex couples to marry to be a fundamental human right . 
  yet within even my lifetime such an idea would have been laughed at . 
  no matter how some people like to pretend , human rights have never been set in stone . 
  but exactly what constitutes fundamental human rights has changed with time . 
  it will continue to evolve . 
   no , it applies to everybody . 
  nobody should be tortured even after having been convicted . 
  i agree with you . 
  but i do n't think that it should be our responsibility to prevent every foreign national from being tortured in their home country . 
  especially not when they 've been committing crimes here . 
  holy shit , i 've just read that germany has a [ federal department for media harmful to young persons . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_department_for_media_harmful_to_young_persons ) that 's something you 'd expect from russia or turkey . 
  and british redditors like to whinge about censorship in this country . 
  they probably think that germany is some enlightened land of milk and honey in that regard . 
  germany has some of the most pathetic censorship laws in the western world . 
  oh , i 'm not getting involved in this one . 
  i 'll just be bringing out the popcorn and watching from the sidelines . 
   if only i realised these things beforehand i would have campaigned using an emotional argument instead of an economic one . 
  that would have been much more effective . 
  it would n't have mattered if you liked an emotional argument more as you were going to vote remain anyway . 
  it would have been much a more effective argument from your perspective , but i very much doubt that it would have worked on the wider population . 
  after all , [ british people feel less european than their counterparts in any other eu state . 
  ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/media-centre/britain-feels-less-european-than-anywhere-else-in-the-eu/ ) the remain campaign knew this , so they tailored their arguments towards those undecided voters that they at least had some chance of winning over . 
  they nearly pulled it off , too . 
  i 'd say there 's a difference between amber rudd 's stupid idea of having telecom firms `` help '' authorities read the data ( a dumb idea that will probably be forgotten about once the clever people tell her about how stupid it is ) and the idea of planting spyware in everybody 's phones . 
  but hey , maybe that 's just me . 
  also , i do n't think that my country is special . 
  i just think that people on here need to stop acting like their farts do n't stink . 
  because their countries are no better than ours . 
  relevant bit from the article :  but while saying she was `` calling time on terrorists using social media as their platform '' , rudd also appealed for help from the owners of encrypted messaging apps such as facebook 's whatsapp , backing away from seeking to introduce new legislation . 
  amber rudd talks some utter crap , but what she said does n't compare in any way to that german proposal . 
  i would n't take what the register says as gospel . 
  firstly , technical capacity notices are n't even in force . 
  it will require the approval of both houses of parliament . 
  secondly , it only applies to encryption applied directly by communications service providers ( such as telecom companies ) . 
  it does n't apply to encryption applied by end users . 
  so it will be ineffective even if it is introduced . 
  that in no way compares to forcing mandatory spyware on the whole population . 
  that 's stasi-tier stuff . 
  great fun , is n't it ? 
  i 'll be sure to keep this one by for the next time someone on here tells me that we 're turning into some oppressive surveillance state . 
  because no british politician has ever suggested something as intrusive as this . 
  [ the german government would beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-germany-security-encryption-idukkbn1951vg ) it seems that they rather like the idea of mandatory backdoors in everybody 's phones . 
  not even theresa may has come up with an idea like that . 
  in fact , nobody in the british government is seriously suggesting that we should ban encryption , they 've only said a few vauge and ill-informed words on the subject . 
  but hey , it 's much more fashionable to shit on the uk . 
  it would n't help at all . 
  it 's true that isps ca n't peek into https . 
  but if , for example , you 're receiving a huge amount of data from netflix , they could safely assume that you 're streaming video . 
  so they 'd just charge according to what websites you 're using rather than what 's in the packets . 
   yeah . 
  right . 
  it 's not like nigel and boris were talking about the splendor of the british empire during their leave campaign correct , they did n't mention the british empire . 
  not once . 
  the only people who mention it are foreigners who have managed to convince themselves that we 're obsessed with it . 
  even if they did mention it ( and they most certainly did n't ) , that would n't reflect the reality among ordinary people . 
   sure . 
  i mean it 's not like the uk is in the g7 , still a member of nato , sitting as a permanent member of the unsc , and has nuclear weapons that could vaporize entire cities . 
      but the uk is not yearning to be a world power . 
  you are a world power , though . 
  those are the remnants of us having been a world power . 
  after iraq , the appetite for international interventionism has pretty much disappeared among the public . 
  i seriously think that most people in this country would be happy if we adopted swiss-style neutrality . 
  [ reminds me of this . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vyyv8bohukg?t=3m46s ), 
  most british people have only ever been concerned with the workings of the eu insofar as they involve us . 
  i think that you 'd have a hard time finding many british people who care at all about the eu beyond how many immigrants we get and how much money we pay in . 
  you only need to read british newspapers ; even the broadsheets devote very little time to european politics . 
  as long as the rest of europe did n't tread on our toes , everything was fine . 
  past tense . 
  if you think that british people are yearning to be a world power again , then you do n't really know us . 
  the only people who want to be part of a world power are eu federalists . 
   if we stay , i want us to commit . 
  no more pussy footing , let 's adopt the euro and get properly invovled in helping the eu be a force for good for its citizens . 
  if that prospectus was offered to the british people , the leave vote would probably have been more like 66 % . 
  no problem . 
  after that result , i think that plenty of people have earned the right to laugh at me !, 
  hey , feel free to laugh at what a complacent fool i am . 
  i deserve it . 
  do n't worry too much , there are rumours that theresa may wo n't last long . 
  the current bookies ' favourite for the next prime minister is boris johnson . 
  that 's when the real fun starts . 
  [ reminds me of dr. 
   you do n't have freedom of movement but i imagine it 's not that hard for your average brit to emigrate to these countries , if he really wants to . 
  you 're wrong , certainly in the case of australia . 
  they 're very fussy about who they let in . 
  they 'll only let you in if you have some sort of skill that 's in demand . 
  you 're out of luck if you 're an unskilled worker . 
  [ or disabled . 
  ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/national/disability-a-burden-to-australian-community-immigration-rules-20161128-gsz8yc.html ) in the eu , we can move to any country that we please . 
  yet in spite of these obstacles , people overwhelmingly choose commonwealth countries . 
  and you wo n't have to deal with those issues any more , so it 's good for everyone . 
  i asked for a quote from theresa may . 
  that is n't a quote from theresa may . 
   but , she 's talking about cryptography ? 
  no , she 's never talked about cryptography . 
  do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
   has n't she mentioned banning encryption numerous times leading up to this ? 
  no , never happened .
