  just that whether it 's fair or unfair is irrelevant . 
  thanks for the patronising response , but i actually have done research into citizenship law . 
  i 'm aware that the uk uses a modified form of * jus soli * , a legacy of our historic citizenship laws which were previously pure * jus soli * until the passing of the 1981 british nationality act . 
  i 'd abolish that , too . 
  because it gives the great and the good lots of nice , well paid positions with grandiose titles . 
  they 'll be the toast of all the international summits . 
  it will be for the swiss people to decide whether or not the proposal is in their country 's interests . 
  the choice is entirely theirs . 
  the opinions of any non-swiss people are irrelevant . 
  laws relating to granting foreigners residency are n't supposed to be fair . 
  they 're supposed to be the interests of the country . 
  haha , no . 
  no countries these days adopt * jus soli , * because it 's an utterly ridiculous way of granting citizenship and removes your country 's control over immigration . 
  if anything , countries now tend to move in the opposite direction . 
   we failed to thrive on our own . 
  it 's not surprising to see other struggling countries wanting to be part of this project to get free funding . 
  great , as long as we can admit that it 's all about money rather than acting like there are high-minded ideals behind the whole thing . 
  let 's stop pretending . 
   the problem is that the rich counties have to have a sense of solidarity with the poorer ones - almost as though we were all `` europeans '' or something . 
  why would i have a sense of solidarity ? 
  there is no solid european identity . 
  i have n't seen any good reason why i should have a greater sense of solidarity and obligation towards somebody in a european country than to somebody from , for example , australia or japan . 
  i do n't know why you think that europe is so much more special . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's entirely in russia 's interests to do this . 
  all putin needs to do is watch and laugh as europe does nothing but bitch about it . 
   commonwealth of nations being something like eu light afaik . 
  the commonwealth of nations is nothing like the eu . 
  the commonwealth has no single market or open borders components . 
  it 's a very loose intergovernmental association that stems from the british empire and even now includes countries that were never part of that empire . 
  the commonwealth does n't have any pretensions of statehood . 
   everything else you wrote also applies to any gathering of nations . 
  money or rather wealth is a legit reason wanting to participate . 
  absolutely , i completely agree . 
  but let 's at least be honest about it . 
  if it 's all about money then we should say so , rather than pretend it 's about some sort of high-minded political ideals . 
  putin is only able to use this migration crisis to undermine europe because of europe 's liberal policies , as exemplified by germany and sweden . 
  if europe was more resolute on the issue , putin would n't be able to do a damn thing . 
   is this irony coming from someone living in the commonwealth , home of the east india company . 
  i do n't know why you 're bringing up something from that long ago . 
  it 's hardly relevant . 
   maybe i just do n't understand your statement . 
  please elaborate . 
  i simply meant that bosnia is very poor and has economic problems , including very high levels of unemployment . 
  given such economic problems , it is no surprise that such a country would seek to join the european union , it means that they would get access to eu funding . 
  i would suggest that the promise of eu money is the real reason that bosnia is seeking eu membership rather than any political ideal . 
  if greece is fucked either way , the v4 might as well go ahead with this proposal . 
  i would save themselves and the rest of europe a great deal of trouble . 
   their intentions does n't matters it matters . 
  you have people acting using this as a way of saying `` is n't the eu great ! '', 
  when all it really means is that you can bribe countries that are dirt poor and with massive unemployment . 
   indeed but that is n't the point , the point is to increase stability of those countries and so increase trade with them for the prosperity and stability of your own country . 
  that 's debatable . 
  it 's only your own interpretation . 
  what is beyond doubt is that there is a lot of money on the table . 
   and two of them tried to join but have been stopped by their people ( and the 3rd one began to but stopped ) so they actually wanted to join . 
  no , they did n't want to join . 
  a country is its people , not the elites . 
  the elites wanted to join the eu , but the countries themselves did n't . 
  the udhr is only an advisory declaration . 
  nobody cares about it . 
  do n't put yourself down . 
  your english might not be perfect , but it 's pretty damn good . 
  i had no trouble understanding you . 
  it 's because people are n't members of the eu , countries are . 
  a person 's eu citizenship is only an extension of their country 's eu membership . 
  eu citizenship is a meaningless concept anyway . 
  you could easily argue that bosnia is just looking for the funds that will be offered to it upon joining the eu . 
  it 's easy to play at being the euro idealist when you know there 's a nice cash bonanza that awaits . 
  i do n't think that attracting one of the poorest countries in europe is really a badge of honour . 
  i would rather look at the wealthy non-eu countries of europe : norway , switzerland and iceland . 
  there is no sign that any of these countries will join the bloc . 
  they clearly feel that the eu has nothing to offer a wealthy and prosperous country . 
  i agree . 
  russia will do what russia does , but it 's our own decisions that make us vulnerable to these waves of migrants . 
  if we were more resolute , russia would n't be able to use this issue against us . 
  i found that absolutely sickening . 
  treasonous , in fact . 
  people who are that pathetic and spineless should never be allowed anywhere near positions of power . 
  any doubt that we would retaliate only encourages a preemptive strike . 
  good stuff . 
  should be worth at least an extra percent for the leave side . 
  keep up the good work , chaps . 
  / r/pyongyang invites you to celebrate the greater glory of the juche idea and the great supreme leader marshal kim jong-un . 
   i do n't think people who ` hate the eu ' will make good partners for the future . 
  this is one reason why i think that brexit would be the best outcome for everyone . 
  there would be a bit of acrimony in the short term , but once the dust has settled we can all move on . 
  i know how much i would have hated that as a kid . 
  better that they 're looked after at home by family than farmed off to some overworked stranger . 
  i do n't think that it 's a situation that should be encouraged . 
   the evening at berlin 's volksb\u00fchne theatre , also featured speeches from barcelona 's mayor , ada colau , british green mp caroline lucas , representatives of germany 's blockupy movement , as well as musician brian eno , philosopher slavoj \u017di\u017eek and wikileaks founder julian assange . 
  `` when parliaments become theatres , we have to turn theatres into parliaments '' , said miguel urb\u00e1n crespo , an mep for spain 's podemos party . 
  if the best that the left can hope for are these jokers led by a political failure like varoufakis then i do n't think that the global plutocrats have much to worry about . 
  yeah , his expertise on game theory worked wonders in his eu negotiations . 
  perhaps it might be a good idea for the media in germany ( and other european countries ) to ask `` why are more people believing russian propaganda over us ? '' . 
  i doubt that this would have happened anywhere near as much during the cold war . 
  apart from a handful of deluded communists , there was n't a great deal of appetite for soviet propaganda . 
  maybe the press could examine how badly they have screwed up to the point that people have become more receptive to propaganda from a foreign power . 
  unfortunately , i do n't think that much of the media in the west is capable of introspection . 
  i ca n't help but laugh at how easily erdogan is playing the political pygmies that run the eu .
