  the problem here is that many of us ( especially in the uk , myself included ) would also put being ruled from brussels under the `` foreign domination '' category . 
  i think i 'm going to really enjoy spending time on this subreddit for the period leading up the referendum . 
  the reactions on here are absolutely delicious and the campaign has n't even started !, 
  i especially like the posters who behave like spurned lovers . 
  even though i 'm voting for the uk to leave , i would n't be overly disappointed with an incredibly narrow vote for us to stay in , if only for the hilarity when it dawns on these federalists that the uk is here to stay and more truculent than ever !, 
   scotland ? 
  after the shit show that was the scotland bill last night that 's bound to have put a percentage point in for leave on its own . 
  i doubt it . 
  normal people do n't take any notice of what bills are going through parliament . 
  it might get a handful of political anoraks frothing with rage , but nothing more . 
  it sounds like you 're ignorant of the issues surrounding the eu referendum debate . 
  not even the most right wing anti-eu voices in the uk bring the empire into it . 
  most of us who want uk withdrawal from the eu simply want to be an independent trading nation along the lines of switzerland . 
  nothing more . 
  please cling on to that little anglophobic fantasy if it makes you feel better . 
   anyway i 'm hoping the brexit discussion gets as heated and passionate as the scottish independence vote . 
  dear god no , i 'd hate to see that , and i 'm someone who 's in favour of leaving the eu . 
  i 'd hate to see the eu referendum become as utterly divisive and venomous as the scottish independence debate . 
  i much prefer politics without passion . 
  who 's `` they '' ? 
  rt or the eu ? 
   international quota system for limited number of refugees nope . 
  rt is a joke and should be taken with a pinch of salt , but i do n't think that the eu is really the best organisation to convince anybody of anything . 
  i would n't trust them any more than the kremlin . 
  we should be cracking down very heavily on groups like the muslim brotherhood or hizb ut-tahrir anyway . 
  if that helps us win arms sales and oil concessions then that 's a lovely little bonus . 
  i did n't vote for cameron myself . 
  nonetheless , i think there 's a lot to be said for a purely pragmatic approach rather than rigidly adhering to an ideology . 
  [ i think that this article explains the british approach quite well . 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e843d8e-70ed-11e5-9b9e-690fdae72044.html#axzz3qxrqiunq ), 
  if political union was a guarantee against war , there would n't be such a thing as a civil war . 
  peace in europe has been more down to trade , democracy and nato keeping the peace . 
  keeping countries in a political union wo n't guarantee peace . 
  forcing unwilling ones into a political union could end up doing the opposite . 
   so it 's time to sit back and look at the grand scheme maybe ? 
  people do n't care about grand political schemes , especially not people in the uk . 
  the whole thing reeks of megalomania . 
  always beware a politician with a `` vision '' . 
  i was surprised when i went to spain at how many windows have bars on them . 
  it 's something that you rarely see in the uk . 
  or just do n't give them a single penny . 
  then they 'll leave of their own accord when they realise that only grinding poverty awaits them . 
   the thing is that they probably wo n't have a good life in europe , they just think they will . 
  `` the good life '' is relative . 
  even a life unemployed or on a minimum wage job in western europe is better than what they will be get living illegally in turkey or libya . 
  you might not consider it much , but bear in mind that they 'll be getting unemployment benefits ( or , if they 're employed , minimum wage topped up with in-work benefits ) , combined with access to public services such as state assisted housing , healthcare and schooling for their children . 
  all of these act as incentives , which is why they send the message back home for their families to come over . 
  remove all of this and you will remove the incentives . 
  life as someone on minimum wage or welfare in western europe might not seem appealing to you , but to many people in the world it would result in a major improvement in their standard of living . 
  libya is a distraction . 
  if eu countries are serious about deterring migrants , they need to focus on disincentivising migration . 
  when they know they 'll live the good life in europe , they 'll find a way of entering regardless of what country they depart from . 
  ensure that the lives they live in europe will be as bad or worse than what they could get from their countries of departure ( such as libya or turkey ) and the flow will soon dry up . 
  if we 're talking about future transport tech , i want something a little more personal . 
  [ williams x-jet , please . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlsqyphvera ), 
  it helps us exercise our mental faculties . 
  think of it as brain training . 
  the uk seems to get a better class of turk than much of europe . 
  this is why the comparison between the refugee situation in countries like lebanon and jordan ( who have much higher numbers ) and the situation in the eu is not a valid one . 
  when refugees are entitled to unfettered access to european welfare systems , it creates more incentives for them to come and creates an intolerable burden on the host society . 
  it would be much easier for countries to host refugees if laws prevented these people from accessing any welfare or public services . 
  though naturally , that would be too discriminatory according to the political orthodoxy in the western world . 
  combine it with a closed refugee camp system like for the palestinians in neighbouring countries and you might have a workable solution that does n't incentivise mass migration . 
   an unprecedented number of people are expected to seek asylum in the nordic nation in 2015 and while prime minister stefan l\u00f6fven has widely praised his country 's response to the crisis he has said that sweden is `` approaching the limit '' of its reception capacity . 
   `` i think most people feel that we can not maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year -- in the long run , our system will collapse . 
  and that welcome is not going to receive popular support , '' said wallstr\u00f6m , echoing her social democrat colleague 's comments . 
  maybe these idiots should have thought twice before they put out the welcome mat ? 
  the swedish government wanted this , so they should be left to deal with this alone . 
  if the swedish asylum system collapses then that 's a good thing . 
  it will hopefully destroy the careers of people like margot wallstr\u00f6m and result in a very different approach with a greater emphasis on deterrence . 
   wallstr\u00f6m told the local in may that how the union manages the crisis is going to determine its record in the history books . 
   `` what if we lived in a war zone ? 
  we would also want to flee somewhere safe with our children , or try to secure a future elsewhere . 
  it has to do with whether or not we are serious in the eu about our guiding principles -- this will affect our credibility , '' says wallstr\u00f6m . 
  what a load of self-important bullshit . 
  maybe she should be more concerned with protecting the interests of her people than how she will look in the history books . 
  england is where the vast majority of them end up . 
  specifically , they tend to end up in the already overcrowded south east . 
   far too far for their boats . 
  you would n't need to use their own boats . 
  unload them from their boats and scuttle them once empty . 
  transfer them onto another vessel which will head towards whatever african country that you have chosen . 
  you could buy up a few civilian vessels on the cheap and refit them as floating reception centres that ( once full ) could transport them to the destination . 
  they would n't even need to set foot in europe . 
  call the dutch . 
  they 're pretty good at that sort of stuff . 
   is south asian immigration still a big thing in the uk ? 
  oh yes . 
  still plenty of them coming in , through work visas , student visas , arranged marriages , etc. 
   i was told that most population growth was from within the eu now ? 
  that 's been a driver of some of the biggest increases , but it 's been on top of the non-eu immigrants that we were already getting . 
  to quote / u/saltzpyre in this thread :  well if you define it by population density per square km , england has a density of 413 . 
  the only countries in europe that have a higher population density than that are monaco , the vatican city , malta and san marino . 
   it 's very debatable . 
  the british did a very good job at dealing with ira soldiers in the long term . 
  not sure how harsh or not they treated them . 
  the ira was of a very different nature to isis . 
  the troubles in northern ireland were fueled by some very legitimate grievances , mainly the appalling treatment of catholics by the protestant-dominated northern ireland government . 
  the political aim of the ira ( a united ireland ) was a reasonable one , even if ( like me ) you disagree them .
