  the only cases i 've found in the uk where they could be classed as being of `` british '' extraction are the irish gypsies . 
  i had an inkling before i clicked on the article that it would be wallstr\u00f6m flapping her gums again . 
  what a surprise . 
  does sweden always choose the most tactless buffoon available for the position of foreign minister or is this just a special case ? 
   what gives you the right to live in that particular neck of the woods and not others ? 
  the answer is , you have no natural claim to that land or any other . 
  you are allowed to stay because of a piece of paper - a threat of violence should anyone try to get too close to your stuff . 
  that works for me . 
  time for us to stop feeling the need to justify ourselves . 
  the simple , direct and utterly unapologetic approach has a lot to be said for it . 
  yellow countries have only signed up to the 1967 protocol relating to the status of refugees . 
  light green countries have only signed up the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  dark green countries have signed up to both . 
  grey countries have signed up to neither . 
  yes , it 's idiotic . 
  some people seem to think that if only the taliban were still running afghanistan , there would n't be refugees fleeing the country . 
  there were , well before september 11 . 
  hell , in 2000 some afghans hijacked a plane from kabul to get it to land in the uk and claim asylum ( yes , they were allowed to stay in the country , given our pathetic legal system ) . 
  i 'd rather the uk stick with nato . 
  eu military integration will just be used as a stepping stone towards a federal superstate . 
  for all its faults , nato at least restricts itself purely to military matters . 
  if other eu member states want more military integration then they could do it without us , but then they 'd need to actually starting paying for it . 
  country prides itself as being open to immigration . 
  gets lots of immigrants . 
  my god , who would have thought that such a thing would happen ? 
  no , the indian border security force would be the one to emulate . 
  those guys really do n't mess around . 
  i did n't really think of myself as a kebab person , but i do n't think that i could say no to that . 
  that does look damn good . 
  well , it 's certainly debatable whether or not the udhr meets the definition of customary international law , but i think it 's largely irrelevant . 
  it 's the legal equivalent of discussing how many angels can dance on the head of a pin . 
  a better question to ask would be `` what will anybody do about it if we ignore the udhr ? '', 
  and i think the answer is `` write a strongly worded letter . 
  `` british values '' is a meaningless term . 
  british values are whatever the british people want them to be . 
  as for innocent until proven guilty , that does n't apply as we 're not discussing criminal convictions . 
  we 're discussing deportation , which is an entirely separate matter . 
  luv u too xoxoxo, 
  i did n't say that you do . 
  all i was wondering was why i should treat the udhr as if it was an edict handed down by god . 
  i do n't care about the universal declaration of human rights . 
  firstly , it 's a non-binding declaration so we 're free to ignore it . 
  secondly , i was n't consulted on it , so why should i care about what it says ? 
  it was cobbled together by the elites . 
  nothing to do with me . 
   just because somebody is a criminal does n't stop them being human . 
  and so long as they are human they have human rights . 
  human rights apply to everyone , everywhere . 
  human rights are n't fixed , though . 
  the definition has changed throughout the ages . 
  the death penalty used to be seen as all fine and dandy , now it 's seen as a gross violation of human rights . 
  human rights are purely subjective , they mean whatever they want you to mean and different people can have different ideas of what constitutes a human right and what constitutes only a citizen 's right . 
   we can not be complicit in allowing torture and murder . 
  depends on what you mean by complicit . 
  i would see it as neutrality rather than complicity . 
  we deport the guy , and what happens to him is between him and his government . 
  whose principles , exactly ? 
  not the principles of many people in the west . 
  certainly not mine . 
  i do n't recall ever being consulted on this so i do n't see why i should pretend to approve of the situation . 
  i 've never subscribed to the view that we should have an obligation to protect everyone . 
  protections granted to foreign nationals should be conditional . 
  i understand that the law says otherwise , which is why i would support changing the laws . 
  standard practice in western countries , unfortunately . 
  there have been many cases in the uk where we ca n't deport an islamist because they may face torture or execution in their home country . 
  it 's a ridiculous that we 've reached this level . 
  dammit . 
  [ if only we cracked down on the muslim brotherhood , we could have sold them eurofighters instead . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/uae-told-cameron-to-challenge-muslim-brotherhood-or-lose-arms-deals-and-intelligence-co-operation-a6725426.html ), 
  or ensure that the police response is of the nature that they do n't dare even consider attacking them again . 
   but not in the uk . 
  but they can live out their extraordinary dreams in one of the 26 schengen countries . 
  hey , the italians wanted to fish them out of the sea . 
  we were n't taking part in the rescue mission as we correctly concluded that it would encourage migrants to take the journey . 
  but after the death toll started to rise , there started to be calls ( especially from the italians ) to take part in the rescue missions . 
  so we started to rescue them . 
  if your governments do n't want ours to take part in these rescue missions , they should tell us . 
  the fact that you 're taking more does n't mean that we are n't taking too many . 
  we should be basing our policies on comparison to those of your insane leaders . 
  for that to happen there would need a level of unity among the peoples of europe that simply does n't exist . 
  it exists in america , but not here in europe , and that 's not merely my own opinion . 
  you only have to look at the eurozone to tell you that ; germans remain unwilling to countenance fiscal transfers to poorer areas of the currency union , something that is commonplace and accepted in the usa . 
  there would need to be a european demos . 
  the peoples of europe would need to think of themselves as europeans in the way that the peoples of the usa think of themselves as americans . 
  it 's not the sort of thing that can just be imposed top down but until it happens , the idea of european unity will remain elusive . 
   how would the eu have to change for you to believe that the eu leadership represents britain 's will better ? 
  i do n't think that it 's even possible for the eu to change to represent britain 's interests better . 
  it 's beyond reforming . 
  that 's why i favour british withdrawal . 
   assuming you can not dissolve the eu of course . 
  what if the eu had a president who is directly elected by eu citizens ? 
  would that be better ? 
  no , because the different peoples and nations of europe will still have vastly differing interests and aspirations . 
  you could quite plausibly imagine a situation where a president could be directly elected by a majority of voters in the eu , yet have little or even no support in the uk . 
  then we 'd be screwed over completely . 
  i do n't feel that the people in brussels who actually run the eu have any more goodwill for us in the uk than those in washington or beijing . 
  also , the eu has a great deal more power over us than any politician in washington or beijing . 
  that will only get worse if the eu was to move to a more federal system . 
   we ( in europe ) should stop lying to ourselves . 
  in the 21st century there will be ( and increasingly are ) only two choices for countries and peoples of europe : self-determination and self-rule or foreign ( american , russian , chinese , indian ... ) domination .
