  er ... did i just fall through a time portal and land in 1995 ? 
  perhaps they 're not completely confident that the united front will hold . 
   though sarcasm aside , interestingly enough 64 % of serbians view it as a threat . 
  guess that 's because of the bosnian war ? 
  if a military alliance was bombing your country within your own lifetime , it 's probably only natural that you 'll consider it a threat , regardless of the rights and wrongs of the situation . 
  it 's always much easier for the elites to blame < insert scapegoat here  than it is to face up to ther own failings . 
  great , as long as this means we can ditch the high-minded rhetoric about democracy that we always hear from eu officials . 
  the sooner we can all admit that the eu is no better than the usa or russia the better . 
  nah , move to the uk instead . 
  you wo n't even have a learn a different language !, 
  it seems that a lot of people on this sub are generally just obsessed with the uk . 
  it 's funny , because very few people in the uk give a shit about the internal politics of other european countries . 
  i 'm not the sort of brexit supporter who will say that the eu had no upsides for the uk , because it did . 
  but to say that the uk `` parasitcally fed on it '' is a load of crap . 
  you might not think that we gave as much to the eu as we should , but it does n't alter the fact that we paid more money into the eu than we took . 
  a hell of a lot more . 
  most scottish people do n't vote snp . 
  conflating scotland with the snp is exactly what the latter wants . 
  that was n't anti-scottish , it was anti-snp . 
  even if scottish nationalists love to conflate the two . 
  what makes you think that anybody set him up to do it , as opposed to a lone wolf attack ? 
  it 's not like he required any special equipment or training . 
  any idiot can grab a knife and attack someone . 
  nah , he 's probably just some lone wolf attacker . 
  it would be better if he died . 
  especially if he ends up getting released and might try something like this again . 
  why do i go on reddit at all ? 
  boredom , mostly . 
  if they 're the sort of person who goes on about the uk becoming a vassal state , they 're an idiot and i do n't care about what they think about us . 
  in my experience , they usually refuse to accept that the uk will be anything but a vassal . 
  so i find that it 's more fun to throw it back in their face . 
   things like `` better be a vassal of the us than germany '' ( why being a vassal at all ? ), 
  i find that the prospect of the uk becoming a vassal is something that it usually raised by pro-eu people . 
  typically they will say that brexit will lead to the uk becoming a us vassal . 
  that inevitable results in brexit supporters questioning why becoming a german or eu vassal is any better . 
  i have n't seen any indication that the rest of the eu is going to suddenly change tack . 
  on the contrary , most the rhetoric that i 've heard suggests that our departure will be seen as a good excuse to deepen eu integration and centralise more powers in brussels . 
  i think that you 're seriously overestimating the amount of people who regret their vote . 
  there is n't any polling evidence that suggests people have changed their minds . 
  do n't believe everything that you read on the internet . 
  also bear in mind that the uk is not ireland . 
  people here wo n't take too kindly to being asked the same question twice . 
  we were never a pro-eu country in the first place . 
  and `` work for reform '' ? 
  we could n't even force a handful of minor concessions from them . 
  what hope would we have of getting anything more substantive from them ? 
  and what do you mean by reform anyway ? 
  when we talk about reform , we tend to mean cutting the eu 's budget and returning powers to member states . 
  when the rest of the eu talks about reform , they usually mean the opposite . 
  if we could get the awesome parades that they have in pyongyang then it would n't be all bad . 
  traitor ? 
  that all assumes that we owe some sort of allegiance or duty to europe . 
  and what does europe even mean in this case ? 
  the eu ? 
  the council of europe ? 
  the continental landmass ? 
  shocking news , i thought he was going to call for a more imperfect union . 
  if we could n't even get those minor concessions , what hope would ever have of reforming the eu in the direction we wanted it to go in ? 
  that 's why all this talk of `` stay in the eu and help reform it '' sounded so hollow . 
  `` reform '' only ever means handing more powers and more money over to the eu . 
  correct decision . 
  this is as clear an example as anybody could find of people seeking asylum justifiably . 
  nobody could accuse them of being economic migrants , passing through dozens of safe countries to get to their destination of choice . 
  and it 's pretty obvious that they would n't be given a fair trial or humane treatment . 
   i am a bit worried , though , as some more hawkish leavers talk of europe in 19th century terms , with some kind of spoken or unspoken alignment with russia to weaken the eu . 
  i hope such niche voices never rise to prominence . 
  i agree , it would n't be an ideal situation . 
  the best way to prevent such voices from rising to prominence would be for the eu to get over its obsession with punishing the uk . 
  a constructive attitude seeking a mutually beneficial arrangement with the uk government would be the best way of sidelining such people . 
  [ from the article  ( https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/01/brexit-tariff-fears-could-see-microsoft-cut-uk-datacenter-investment/ )  the comments reported today by a microsoft employee were not reflective of the company 's view . 
  as we have said both before and after the eu referendum vote , microsoft 's commitment to the uk is unchanged just clickbait websites doing their thing . 
   especially now knowing that they will be leaving the single market . 
  visa 's needed to travel a short distance over the sea ? 
  it 's crazy just thinking about it . 
  there 's nothing crazy about it . 
  plenty of countries require visas for visiting , even with their immediate neighbours who they share a land border with . 
  requiring a visa to live and work ( but not to visit as a tourist ) in a country that is literally overseas is not some bizzare anomaly . 
  in fact , it 's the norm throughout the world . 
  why do n't you believe it ? 
  evidence ? 
  or hope ? 
  because i have n't seen any evidence , either from polling data or from my own social circle , that people have changed their minds . 
  it 's true , though . 
  if scotland had voted for independence , it would have been out of the eu . 
  the brexit vote does n't change that . 
  yes , i saw a crap cartoon from people in another country who know nothing about british politics . 
   scotland wants to cut its ties with england it does ? 
  first i 've heard of it . 
   i mean come on , until devolution in the 90 's , most scottish domestic affairs were decided by a westminster appointed governor . 
  you 're talking like scotland was being treated as some sort of colony . 
  it had parliamentary representation on the same level as every other part of the uk . 
   one of the major arguments of the remain side in the independence referendum was that scotland leaving the uk would mean they are out of the eu . 
  i would n't say that it was a major argument . 
  the prospect was raised , but most of the arguments revolved around the economy , currency and pensions . 
   orkney islands , they have wanted to cut ties with the uk for a long time . 
  less than a third of those who turned out in orkney in the 2014 independence referendum voted in favour . 
  orkney is one of the most pro-uk places in scotland . 
  orkney and shetland have often wanted local autonomy , but there is no serious desire for independence there , either from the uk or from a hypothetical independent scotland . 
  i understand what you 're saying and i know that there 's no way to completely ensure a person 's loyalty to a country , citizen or not . 
  my point was that citizenship is a way of giving someone more of a stake in the success of their country .
