   but why the heck should we have people who have n't gone through the full education and vetting process of a judge decide on matters of marriage or inheritance ? 
  if they consent to having their case decided by some geriatric cretin from the land that time forgot in rural pakistan , why should we stop them ? 
   how the hell is this happening in the uk ? 
  the marriages are n't legally recognised . 
  from a legal perspective , they 're the same as any other couple who are in a relationship outside marriage . 
   referendums are not a part of the normal democratic process in a representative democracy . 
  to argue for them is to argue going around the normal democratic process . 
  i would argue that the concept of representative democracy is not truly democratic in the first place as you 're taking decisions further from the people than you need to . 
  a referendum is democracy in its purest form . 
  if that subverts the existing political system , then that 's a good thing . 
  historically , democracy has often damaged vested interests and that 's why elites have always hated the concept . 
  decisions should lie with the people , not with a self-interested political elite . 
  maybe he thinks it would be a good idea to nip it in the bud before it gets too out of hand . 
  if that 's what he thinks then i entirely agree . 
  i hope facebook ignores them . 
  there 's nothing that the german government will do about it if that happens . 
  it might seem basic to you , but it 's the height of luxury compared to what they leave behind in countries like turkey . 
  that 's what gives them every incentive to head to germany . 
  from the article :  the family 's berlin home is a recently renovated a three-room apartment , provided by german welfare authorities . 
  is it any wonder why they 're flocking to germany when the government is offering such largesse ? 
  this is why the german government can kindly go to hell if they want other european countries to take in a load of their refugees . 
  they 're exacerbating the problem by increasing the incentives . 
  if the german government wants to cater for their every need , they should be willing to host all of them . 
  we in the uk are already far too generous to migrants , but germany seems to be taking it to a whole new level . 
  the only way to deter these migrants is to remove the pull factors . 
  if european governments refused to provide any form of assistance ( be it housing , welfare , healthcare or education ) to them , they would be a lot more likely to just stay in turkey . 
  ensure that the standards of living that await them in europe are no better than what they 're fleeing from and the flow will dry up . 
   i thought they were big on the eu ? 
  they 're big on the eu when it suits them . 
  good for them to have a counterweight to their former imperial overlords , especially when there 's lots of juicy funding for infrastructure projects . 
  great for when it shovels money their way , not so great when they discover its true nature . 
  hey , we love father ted here !, 
  if the swedish government really wants a diplomatic spat with us , i hope our government gives them one . 
  it did n't work out brilliantly for them when their idiot foreign minister decided to start an argument with the saudis . 
  still , i have to thank them for this , it gives yet more ammunition for those of us arguing in favour of an eu exit . 
   maybe the eu needs a common policy on this , to stop the `` welfare shopping '' aspect of migration . 
  no , that 's the last thing that should be done . 
  you 'll end up with countries like germany and sweden putting pressure on the rest of europe to keep migrant welfare at the sort of levels that will continue to attract them . 
  better to let every country decide for themselves what the appropriate level is , and take the responsibility for the consequences . 
  if germany and sweden want to throw endless amounts of welfare at these migrants , then they should host all of them and not try and shit all over our doorstep . 
  `` migrant '' is a fairly neutral term . 
  not all of them are syrian . 
  also , i wo n't ever use the term `` refugee '' to describe someone who has fled turkey . 
  no war going on there . 
  these people are just shopping for the best deal , they 're economic migrants . 
   the conclusion to your first postulate does n't follow . 
  putting up a fence increases the ` barriers to entry ' ( in this case , literally ) . 
  shifting immigrants to sections of the border that are easier to penetrate . 
  this does n't mean the fence is effective at keeping people out ; rather it merely elucidates the obvious : those who are desperate enough , will still come , even if they i do n't think anybody would ever claim that a fence on its own would stop migrants . 
  it would be a complement to other border control methods . 
  it 's a force multiplier . 
  if you delay the migrants , it gives you more of an opportunity to deploy your border guards to repel them . 
  if you funnel them into choke points , you can deploy guards much better there . 
  also , physical barriers would be very effective at stopping those migrants who are physically incapable of tackling them , be they elderly , disabled , heavily pregnant or carrying young children . 
   you 'd need to rewrite numerous international conventions and eu treaties which ones ? 
  i 'd be very surprised if there were any international conventions and treaties that prohibited countries from building border fences . 
  it 's a pretty routine thing that countries all over the world do . 
   imagine the cost of erecting such a fence ; it 'd make the greece ` crisis ' seem like pocket change . 
  i think that this is the sort of thing that eu funds urgently need to be diverted to , not bankrolling inefficient farmers or white elephant construction projects . 
  but i agree that border controls alone will only get us so far . 
  it we want to stop these people , we have to make it so that their lives in europe are no better than what they 're fleeing from in turkey . 
  it 's the pull factors that really need to be solved . 
  ramming through a fence takes time and equipment . 
  that gives you more opportunities to deploy border guards to intercept them . 
  a fence failing to be 100 % effective does n't mean it 's completely ineffective . 
  bulgaria recently built a fence on its border with turkey , which has resulted in more migrants heading through greece and macedonia . 
  the fact that the fence diverted migrants onto other routes is evidence that it 's an effective barrier . 
  the obvious conclusion would be to build more substantial fences on all of the eu 's external borders . 
  my front door probably would n't stand up to the most determined and well equipped attacker , but that does n't mean that it 's a waste of time to lock it . 
  ok , you 've just made me really want to go there . 
  it 's easy for renzi to act all sanctimonious when he knows that most of them will be heading north . 
  i would n't say that this proves that the extra security in calais is n't working . 
  quite the opposite , in fact . 
  if you extended the security to every other ferry port that services the uk , they would have nowhere else to go . 
  so they 'd probably end up using more desperate ( but less effective ) methods like toy dinghies . 
  though it would obviously be expensive and difficult to extend it to every port . 
  ultimately , we need to deal with the pull factors . 
  we need to make it so that they ca n't live a decent lifestyle here . 
  start jailing those who employ illegal immigrants or rent properties to them ( not with pitiful 6 month sentences , more like 10 years ) . 
  ensure that illegal immigrants have no access to welfare or public services of any description , including the nhs or education . 
  ensure that the authorities do their utmost to make their lives unpleasant . 
  if word gets out that they face a life of poverty just as bad as their home countries ( or worse ) , the flow will soon dry up . 
  it might go against the liberal sensibilities of some people , but if you 're serious about stopping migrants , that 's what you need to do . 
  it would certainly work . 
  are you saying it 's a bad thing that british workers are n't willing to work ridiculous hours in backbreaking conditions for pitiful pay ? 
  i see it as a good thing . 
  i do n't want a society where employers use desperate immigrant labour to drive down pay and conditions . 
  i would rather a society where more power is in the hands of employees to demand decent pay and conditions . 
  maybe you 'd prefer dubai ? 
   excuse the language , but you basically personify the stereotype of the british entitled fool that reigns in the rest of europe nowadays . 
  `` sure , give us all the benefits , we 'll take everything , but do n't expect us to contribute to anything at all ! '' . 
  oh , we contribute to the eu . 
  i believe it 's somewhere to the tune of 12 billion euros . 
  the germans wo n't want us to leave because they know that everyone will be looking to them to fill the eu 's budgetary hole . 
  so everyone can complain about it our behviour all they like , but a few billion euros is a fair price for the right to be a bunch of serial moaners . 
  i 'd say it 's less a sense of entitlement and more a statement of fact . 
  we secured opt outs for both the common asylum policy and the euro . 
  if we choose , we can stay in the eu while refusing to resettle refugees and refusing to join the euro . 
  and there 's absolutely nothing that anybody , least of all germany , will do about it . 
  that is the reality of the situation .
