  no it is n't . 
  christianity in africa might be a great deal more unpleasant than christianity in europe , but it has a very long way to go before it reaches the level of saudi arabia or isis . 
  i understand that you have a very unique language . 
  not related to any other languages anywhere else in the world . 
  plus the wine . 
   at least for the time being , when things like carbon capture take off ( letting you make diesel and kerosine from air ) the price will collapse thankfully . 
  i 'd love that to happen so much , but in order to manufacture hydrocarbon fuels from captured carbon , you need to actually use energy . 
  and you 'll always end up using more energy than you would gain from burning the fuels . 
  you 'd need a cheap , clean , abundant source of energy to pull that off . 
  the only thing that would really fit the bill for it would be if fusion power was cracked and was the miracle energy source that everyone is hoping for . 
  but estonians can read , so they can learn from the mistakes that other countries have already made . 
  it would be very wise of them to do so . 
   but if we ( europe ) want our opinions to be heard on an international scale and matter , if there 's one thing that this crisis has made clear , it 's that there is no `` europe '' here , only individual member states with their own interests , some of which coincide and others which conflict . 
  our interests currently coincide much closer with those of hungary and the czech republic than they do with germany and austria . 
   cameron has already been criticized for `` foreign policy irrelevance '' a lot of us have had enough of being `` relevant '' , especially when it leads us into two needless wars . 
   but outside of the eu and unattached to the us , there is not much reason why anyone would care about your interests , right ? 
  nobody cares about our interests anyway . 
  i hope that the austrians do scupper cameron 's negotiations . 
  the negotiations are just a feeble attempt as trying to gain a handful of meaningless cosmetic concessions so cameron can argue in favour of the uk remaining in the eu . 
  if he ca n't even get those concessions , it will provide a great deal of clarity . 
  it will be clear that the uk is seen as nothing more than a cash cow and dumping ground for the eu . 
  it seems that the billions we give to the eu are n't enough , but clearly nothing ever is . 
  i doubt that many british people care if we 're no longer seen as america 's `` bridge '' to europe . 
  we 're not a bridge , we have our own interests and the us is only interested in what they can get out of us . 
  that 's just as unacceptable . 
  if germany wants to open the doors , that 's fine , but merkel has no business telling other countries what their policies should be . 
   well known racist ? 
  well , you are pretty notorious for that . 
  i 'm afraid it 's all a bit `` boy who cried wolf '' with you . 
  i did n't even know anything about you until you went crying racism . 
  clearly it 's something you have a track record for doing at every opportunity . 
  still , the mods saw fit to delete your comment , so that should tell us something . 
  yes . 
  this guy for mod . 
  isis rely on a certain level of support , or at least acquiescence . 
  obviously the shia will fight them tooth and nail , so they 're not going to have much presence in the shia heartlands . 
  especially with all the iranian support of the shia militias . 
  [ this one . 
  as of posting , it 's on page 5 of your comment list . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ivxmn/this_flag_was_on_a_finnish_reception_centre_today/cukbxim ), 
   i 'm almost always , if not completely polite , then civil and i actually care about the wellbeing of this subreddit . 
  i guess i 'll just add myself to the list of people who you made a personal attack on and had the post removed as a consequence . 
  just a few days ago , too . 
  it also looks like i 'm far from the only one . 
  probably the worst choice imaginable for the mod team . 
  dear god , these people are fucking idiots . 
  good stuff . 
  i wish the world pursued fusion power with the sort of urgency that went into the manhattan project . 
  the possible benefits to humanity of fusion power can not be overstated . 
   you can also clear your cookies or go into incognito mode to view as many telegraph stories a month as you want . 
  not just the telegraph . 
  going incognito helps you get around paywalls on many sites . 
  go on , make our day !, 
  go on , we already pay far more into the eu than we take out . 
  it would give us all the justification we could possibly need to withhold all payments to the eu . 
  it would save us billions . 
  it would also make a british exit from the eu a certainty . 
  yeah , i agree with that . 
  there 's a lot that we need to do to deter illegal immigrants . 
  i did n't say they were actively encouraging as many of them to come as possible , just that the policies have that effect . 
  the problem is when people obstruct lawful business . 
  i do n't think that people should ever be allowed to obstruct traffic just because they have some grievance . 
  allowing them to have their little tantrum just prevents normal life for many people . 
  you 're letting them get away with it . 
  i guess it 's just a cultural difference . 
  if someone in the uk is arrested for obstructing traffic , there 's no sympathy for them . 
   and what does that accomplish ? 
  it accomplishes clearing the roads , allowing lawful traffic to resume . 
   you just antagonize them even more . 
  you ca n't treat everyone with kid gloves . 
  you have to make it clear that throwing your toys out of the pram every time you have a grievance will get you nowhere . 
   so next time , instead of burning tires , they burn people because you made them angry ? 
  you 're being a bit melodramatic . 
  that would be terrorism , and i 've not heard of any instances of people turning to terrorism purely because they were arrested for obstructing traffic . 
  it 's normal policing typical of any country . 
  i 'm talking about arresting them , not shooting them . 
  i 've always found it staggering how french police just stand by and let that kind of thing happen . 
  it 's not just with these gypsies either , they do it with strikers too . 
  police in most other countries would arrest them instantly , which is exactly what should be done . 
   great attitude . 
  i really hope for you this is just your irish anger talking . 
  now now , you really should n't be ascribing such characteristics to ethnic groups . 
  you 'll be measuring people 's heads at this rate . 
  well known ? 
  you do flatter me . 
  go on , point out anything racist that i 've said . 
  you do n't have to deal with them . 
  you choose to . 
  if you 're not prepared to deter them , suck it up . 
   europe should get its shit together and create a common response . 
  not when you have countries like germany and sweden operating a policy that seems almost tailor made to encourage as many migrants to come to their countries as possible . 
  i do n't want germany and sweden having any influence over my country 's immigration policy . 
  very worthwhile . 
  it 's only 400 . 
  until the next 400 , and the next 400 , etc. 
  every mass immigration wave started off small at one point . 
  back then , it was all quite a new thing and nobody could have known how things would pan out . 
  but for countries like lithuania , they can learn from western european countries and see what awaits them if they operate a slack immigration policy . 
  it 's better to grasp the nettle at the earliest opportunity . 
  also , lithuania is a small country and 400 is a hell of a lot more for them than it is for us .
