  i remember when he did his speech in the uk before the eu referendum , telling us to remain . 
  he clearly thought that we 'd all be on tenterhooks , listening to every word he said . 
  the chattering classes were certainly impressed . 
  but the speech backfired and there was an immediate polling surge for leave . 
  you might end up with a replacement that tries to compensate for his political weakness by sparking a major war . 
  a big political change such as putin getting killed would unavoidably result in political instability . 
  when that happens , the whole situation can become very unpredictable . 
  what makes you so sure that putin 's replacement would be any better ? 
  all of this would be obvious to anybody who has even a passing interest in subjects like demographics and voter turnout . 
  with an ageing population and much higher turnout , any sensible politician will focus on the elderly vote . 
  paul flynn is a geriatric throwback to a bygone era . 
  he 's politically irrelevant . 
  you can also guarantee that some labour mps will vote to invoke article 50 . 
  some labour mps already supported leave and more will vote that way in light of the referendum result . 
   some mp 's may be so ideologically driven and so pro-eu that they 'll vote against it , there are very few people in the uk who are ideologically pro-eu . 
  even among our own mps . 
  even david cameron was n't a true believer . 
  the only party that could be described as being ideologically committed to the eu is the lib dems , and they 're irrelevant . 
   be praised by the eu-loving part of the public there is no eu-loving part , at least not one of any electoral significance . 
  do n't equate voting remain with loving the eu . 
  he was banned ? 
  damn , that 's actually a shame . 
  he was always good to have around for comic relief . 
  nope . 
  on my own i 'm just a nobody . 
  like pretty much everyone else on here . 
  i completely understand what you 're saying . 
  i use private browsing a lot , so i 'm all too aware about how your suggestions can vary widely depending on what websites or youtube videos you have previously watched . 
  i realise that this has led to people retreating into their own echo chambers . 
  yet at the same time , i do n't trust governments to act in good faith to solve this problem . 
  i would rather have algorithms that pander to our own prejudices than a government that seeks to define acceptable forms of discourse . 
  it might not be an ideal situation , but if you let give governments a chance then they will only use it to force their own political orthodoxies down everybody 's throats . 
  the likes of merkel are some of the last people on earth that i would trust on this issue . 
  i ca n't help but think that these remarks are less about concern for the level of discussion and more about frustration that people like her are no longer able to control public discourse . 
  i do n't have much regard for the likes of facebook and google , but i hope that they give her short shrift . 
  if you think that the eu is going to completely ban british-made cars from being sold in the eu ( as your first post suggested ) , you 're completely deluded . 
  tariffs are a perfectly plausible scenario . 
  a ban on all british-made cars is a possibility that exists only in the fevered imaginations of the most anglophobic fantasists . 
  if i have to choose between your views on automotive manufacturing and the views of nissan ( given this undoubted vote of confidence ) , i do n't think it 's much of a contest . 
  i realise that it might be nice for you to fantasise about such prospects , but that wo n't be how things turn out in reality . 
  however hard that might be for you to swallow . 
  good stuff . 
   i remember this same guy was screaming in one comment with half the sentences in caps , something along the lines of `` you get nothing ... you decide nothing '' etc etc. 
  that post was glorious . 
  shame i did n't take a screenshot . 
  sure , but that does n't mean that we could n't still use them as leverage if we really wanted to . 
  that guy had such a delicious tantrum when the leave vote came in . 
  [ i especially liked the bit where he promised to never buy british goods again , including by cancelling his vodafone contract . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4plnnm/brexit_david_cameron_announces_resignation/d4lzvaq/?context=3 ) his [ laughable and utterly clueless political predictions ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4q7mfs/eu_referendum_rules_triggering_a_2nd_eu/d4qx8xs/?context=3 ) were good fun , too . 
  i think that we should be prepared to use our military commitments as leverage in the brexit talks . 
  if the eu is going to act spiteful towards us then we should definitely review our recent deployments to the baltic states and poland . 
  we already offer something . 
  several billion somethings per year , in fact . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to ask for a little extra something in return for everything we give . 
  if keeping the eu together is so vital , perhaps they should have shown a little more willingness to listen to the uk 's renegotiation attempts . 
  instead they treated us with the same contempt that they always do , seeing us as nothing more than a cash cow . 
  if the eu does n't want a race to the bottom , then it will be in their interests to negotiate a reasonable trade deal with the uk . 
  if we retain decent access to european markets then huge cuts in corporation tax wo n't be so necessary . 
  yeah , but it 's all ok because what 's ours is yours and what 's yours is ours amirite ? 
  pretty much . 
  i 'd be pissed if gchq was n't spying on every country on the face of the earth . 
  ok , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  if that 's the case then i imagine that you 'll be able to point me to the bit that says that we can be stripped of our veto powers by qmv . 
  do n't confuse your own fantasies with how things will actually happen in reality . 
  i know it can be nice to fantasise about these things , but it 's best that we maintain realistic expectations . 
  sorry , we 'd have to veto that . 
   if we go by what polls show , that means remain won and this discussion is moot . 
  not true . 
  there were plenty of polls that showed leave ahead , some of them by even bigger margins than the actual result . 
  it was basically 50-50 . 
  the idea that the polls were way out in the eu referendum is a myth . 
  some of the local isis fighters might be able to blend in with the population , but the europeans who went there to fight will find that much more difficult . 
  they will stick out like sore thumbs wherever they go . 
  i imagine that there will be plenty of anti-isis locals who are eagerly waiting for their opportunity for payback . 
  and if they try to escape and fall into the hands of the iraqi army or the shia militias , i think that we can safely say that there wo n't be any of the niceties of a trial . 
  # breaking news `` eu is great '' , says eu . 
  the latest tractor production figures will be released shortly . 
  fair enough . 
  if our media is not allowed to operate freely in russia , russian propaganda outfits should not have the right to operate freely here . 
  i was making the point that whether or not the spanish government is shown in a good light is only a matter of perception . 
  to most people , this does n't show the spanish government in a bad light . 
  because most people across the world are completely indifferent . 
  nobody who matters is outraged by the spanish government 's behaviour . 
  as long as they 're not sending the army in to gun people down in the streets , the rest of the world wo n't care . 
   but what if this unofficial referendum result in an out vote winning ? 
  i do n't think ruk could realistically keep scotland in at that point . 
  the uk government would just do what spain did in catalonia . 
  they 'd declare beforehand that the `` referendum '' was just a meaningless stunt with absolutely no legal backing and call upon all unionists to boycott it . 
  the turnout would most likely end up very low ( as was the case in catalonia ) and the whole thing would look like an utter joke . 
   you 're right , it 's no longer any of your business , because you 've chosen to leave the eu . 
  what has the eu got to do with this ? 
  belarus is n't a member . 
  the internal affairs of belarus are of no more concern to the eu than they are to the uk . 
   and , by the way , `` the right to life '' is a universal human right , so we ca n't leave it as a `` purely internal matter . '', 
  as another poster said , freedom is seen by many as a universal human right . 
  yet societies all over the world deprive people of it for a multitude of reasons . 
  universal human rights are a fantasy . 
  somehow i doubt that this will get the same attention that the killing of jo cox got ... 
   no , they did n't . 
  but , thats not how karma works please go on .
