  but we 're talking about border control rather than warfare . 
  you do n't require sophisticated command structured when you 're sending troops to be glorified security guards . 
  i do n't see it as an ethical problem . 
  europeans do n't owe asia anything . 
  if we can bring manufacturing back to our own countries then that 's a good thing for our economy as it means we 're not sending yet more money abroad . 
  global trade has only allowed asian countries ( especially china ) to grow stronger at our expense . 
  that 's something we could come to regret . 
   of eu law ? 
  yes it is . 
  i could n't see any eu laws that hofer was proposing to break , yet juncker was prepared to punish austria for having the audacity to elect a different kind of president . 
   blanket bans on all migrants specifically violate the echr . 
  surely that would be a matter for the council of europe rather than the european union ? 
   issue here of course is in the case of poland that poland itself was ignoring its own laws , if that 's the case then it 's a matter for the people of poland to sort out . 
  it should n't be anything to do with a degenerate drunkard like juncker . 
  no it is n't . 
  if you 're in a job of that nature then you need to be prepared to deal with whatever governments the peoples of europe elect . 
  if he 's incapable of doing that then he 's in the wrong job . 
  besides , juncker is in no position to preach about democracy to genuinely elected officials . 
  the eu is n't some infallible arbiter of what constitutes the rule of law . 
  if a genuine conservative government is elected and decides that it does n't want to admit refugees or other migrants , then their actions are perfectly consistent with democracy and the rule of law . 
   they are still fleeing from war and persecution then because they have n't found adequate sanctuary then though . 
  they should n't get to decide what constitutes adequate sanctuary . 
  as long as they 're safe ( which they undoubtedly are in turkey ) , they should n't be allowed to move into other countries . 
  i understand that conditions for refugees in turkey are n't ideal , but that does n't give them the right to pick the country of their choice . 
  the conditions that they face in turkey are no worse than the conditions many people face in their own peaceful countries throughout the world . 
  the eu does n't need to have an army . 
  you could easily have different eu member states contribute soldiers to the borders under an eu program . 
  that would be relatively easy to do . 
  tories are against it , too . 
  our tory pm and most of his cabinet are against leaving the eu , do n't think that they have any concerns about ordinary people . 
  the fact that there 's one set of tories who are in favour of leaving and another set who are against leaving is irrelevant to me . 
  establishment politicians will just take this as an endorsement of their policies . 
  they wo n't take notice of anything . 
  the question is not whether or not there will be some sort of negative economic impact . 
  obviously there will . 
  the questions are whether or not the economic impacts will be sufficiently large for ordinary people to notice and whether or not those impacts outweigh any positive impacts ( which are more likely to be felt later ) . 
  i think that leaving the eu will have a negative impact on the uk , but i also feel that remaining will be even more calamitous . 
  it 's interesting to see the contrast between poland and the uk in that respect . 
  i understand that the protection of the rights of poles resident in the uk featured heavily during your last election campaign . 
  that does n't happen in the uk . 
  british expats tend to be ignored by our government and population . 
  he probably just finished another gallon of wine . 
  alternatively , european countries could deny these people any form of state assistance . 
  ensure that the conditions they face in europe are no better than those of a refugee camp and the incentive for them to enter europe will disappear . 
  the \u00c9cr\u00e9hous . 
  those argies are voracious . 
  china 's current ambitions are more local . 
  the emphasis is on taiwan and the south china sea . 
  if our emphasis was on purely european issues , i would agree that aircraft carriers were a waste of money . 
  but clearly that is n't the case for us . 
  they 're also useful for deterring any naughty argentines who might be eyeing up a certain set of islands . 
   `` buy a subscription and get nothing to watch '' is n't great . 
  then do n't buy the subscription . 
  easy . 
  it 's just not worth the effort . 
  we would gain very little from trying to take a leading role in the eu . 
  it 's not our responsibility to try and clean up every mess that is made by the eu 's latest harebrained scheme . 
  if we 're going to throw our weight around diplomatically we should only do so to extract more concessions from the eu , threatening to delay and sabotage things until our demands are met . 
   the uks unwillingness to lead in the eu . 
  not this again . 
  i really wish that everybody would stop coming out with this little platitude towards us . 
  there is absolutely no way in hell that france and germany would ever allow a non-euro , non-schengen member state like the uk to lead the eu . 
  it simply is n't going to happen and i 'm pretty sure that if we really started throwing our weight around , we would see just how hollow all that rhetoric truly is . 
  ending the influence of the papacy was one of the best things that my country has ever done . 
  yes . 
  [ top kek ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-bug5rgqxote/ugqi_vg4wbi/aaaaaaaaoke/2guxp13lalk/w1200-h630-p-nu/goose-laughing.gif ), 
  immigration restrictions are all good , but they can only go so far . 
  there 's still the prospect that these people will try to sneak in . 
  the most effective way to deter them would be to make it clear that if anybody on the blacklist is seen in denmark , they will be subject to a 20 year prison sentence . 
   pretty sure they 're owned by the same people . 
  they are . 
  both are owned by rupert murdoch 's news corp. 
  that does n't mean that libya would necessarily be in a better position right now without western involvement . 
  the civil war was happening anyway , well before the eu or nato got involved . 
  you 're probably right on that one . 
  it seems that the dominance of our language is a double-edged sword . 
  on the one hand , it makes life a lot easier for us . 
  on the other hand , it keeps us in our cosy little monolingual bubble . 
  that 's pretty impressive . 
  i started learning spanish at school at the same age that you started learning english , but my spanish is utterly dreadful . 
  i 'm sure that the international prominence of the english language made it easier , and maybe the standard of foreign language teaching that you had was much better than mine , but that 's sill impressive . 
  oh yes , i was n't criticising you over it . 
  it would be unreasonable to expect a person to remember every terrorist attack that occurs everywhere in the world . 
  it 's also understandable that you would remember the beslan attack more than any other given how uniquely disgusting it was . 
  the world might be more interconnected than ever , but the human brain can only focus on so many things at a time . 
  there have been a lot more . 
  the most prominent ones were the [ 2010 moscow metro bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_moscow_metro_bombings ) which killed 40 . 
  that same year there was a very prominent [ attack on the chechen parliament . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_chechen_parliament_attack ) in 2011 there was the [ domodedovo airport bombing which killed 37 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/domodedovo_international_airport_bombing ) plus many more small scale attacks . 
  i was n't saying that americans would be overstaying in the the uk . 
  i said that there 's essentially a zero risk of americans overstaying , so we might as well let them into the uk without a visa . 
  what i was saying that the uk should n't require americans to apply for a visa , just because the citizens of some european countries end up overstaying in the us . 
  europe can only be blackmailed because it 's a soft touch . 
  it 's european countries who are willing to provide welfare , housing , healthcare , education , etc. 
  to everybody who arrives . 
  that 's the behaviour that drives their eagerness to move into our continent . 
  if our countries ensured that moving into europe was a deeply unattractive prospect , the flow would very quickly dry up . 
  the solution lies in changing our own rules , turkey is just a distraction . 
   without a new political momentum -- designed with and for european citizens -- we are facing the risk of a stronger rise of populism in europe , the same that lead us to our quasi-annihilation .
