no democratic rights are being contravened , it 's entirely up to the discretion of the bundestag inquiry if they want to pursue this route . 
  if they are doggedly insisting on revealing british intelligence secrets , they need to accept that there could be consequences , in this case a cessation of intelligence sharing . 
  if the bundestag inquiry wishes to avoid this scenario then they 're free to exercise discretion in what they reveal . 
  i doubt it . 
  the american colonies shared a common language and legal traditions , as well as being very young communities . 
  contrast that with europe 's multitude of languages , traditions and their thousands of years of history . 
  i think this pretty much disproves the notion that you ca n't deter these people . 
  clearly you can , and it seems like you do n't even need to do much . 
  better to just keep them out . 
  that way you completely avoid all these problems . 
   until we can stop the wars and climate change , the refugees will not stop coming . 
  there 's just no way around it . 
  yes there is . 
  the communist countries during the cold war effectively ended the movement of the people . 
  all we need to do is lean from them . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  we should n't dare to criticise these people . 
  after all , all cultures are equal and it 's all an important part of the tapestry of our vibrant , multicultural society . 
  you would n't want to be seen as intolerant , would you ? 
  check your privilege . 
  i completely agree . 
  i would be happy if the british government offered the use of our armed forces to assist the hungarian government if they requested it . 
  i 'd also be happy for us to provide funding to help hungary build much stronger defences along the lines of the walls between israel and gaza . 
  it would be worth every penny . 
  if they 're housed in large city-like refugee camps like the palestinian camps in lebanon , that would at least mean that any trouble would be largely contained . 
   you 'd be in violation of/need to withdraw from the 1951 refugee convention maybe it 's time for the world to question whether or not the 1951 refugee convention is really an appropriate legal instrument for the 21st century ? 
  several countries are n't even party to the convention and even many members do n't treat it with a ridiculous level of reverence as if it was written by god on stone tablets . 
  a un convention is n't like a treaty between states . 
  few people genuinely care about it . 
  their choice of destination is entirely down to the pull factors . 
  if you remove the pull factors ( namely the prospect of employment , access to public services and a decent standard of living for them ) , these migrants will quickly choose a different destination . 
  it 's a lesson that all european countries should learn . 
   and i want people like you to be put down a notch so you lose your goddamn arrogance . 
  `` put down a notch '' ... if anything exemplifies arrogance towards people in other countries , your sentence does . 
  who the hell do you think your are to tell other countries what they should do ? 
   you will be violating the principle that `` no-one should be executed as punishment for a crime '' . 
  that 's not a principle that i have ever agreed with . 
  i do n't think that we should execute people , but i do n't see why we should stop a person from being executed by their own country . 
  i believe that a government should only be responsible for protecting its own citizens . 
  i really hope they do this to the uk . 
  we need an excuse to withhold funding . 
  they could have stipulated that one euro of every ticket admission went to a good cause years ago . 
  they could have put the money towards homeless people , medical research , anti-poverty initiatives in the third world or any of the myriad of good causes . 
  yet they only decide to do this for `` refugees '' . 
  more virtue signalling . 
  i like to see it as an example of multicultural tolerance . 
  it would be very prejudiced of us to make judgements on how other countries treat their people . 
  it 's all part of the world 's rich and vibrant cultural tapestry . 
  you do n't want to be seen as a racist now , do you ? 
  haha , good one . 
  it 's never too late to adopt a new policy . 
  if we adopted these policies , there would n't be anything hypocritical about it . 
   the uk is always purely and entirely on the side of the uk . 
  if only that were the case . 
   this is n't a story about how we should reduce immigration , but about how we should give more support to law enforcement . 
  i completely agree , which is exactly why i favour deporting people like him . 
  if the individual in question had been deported after serving his sentence , the police officer would not have been wounded . 
  you could n't possibly find a better example of a policy that supports law enforcement personnel . 
   sending someone to a country where they 're sure to face the death penalty is no better than killing him yourself . 
  it 's all a matter of perception . 
  we would n't be requesting that he be executed . 
  that would be a matter for the authorities in his home country . 
  i do n't see why we have a duty to protect absolutely everyone just because they managed to cross our borders . 
  that 's not to say i think we should deport everyone who faces persecution , just that our protection should be conditional . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a bit of give and take . 
   i thought we in europe were past death penalty . 
  `` europe '' is n't one homogeneous mass . 
  many europeans , including some of your own citizens , favour the reintroduction of the death penalty . 
  they 're every bit as european as you . 
  personally i would oppose its reintroduction in my country , but i 'm neutral on judicial matters in other countries . 
   this would make us massive hypocrites , willing to invade and slaughter to fix these problems , i oppose that . 
  this is why i 'm in favour of the uk withdrawing from the echr . 
  i do n't see why my country should ever have a duty to protect foreign criminals or islamist radicals . 
  the treatment they face in their home countries should n't be our problem . 
  if i moved into their country , i would n't complain about anything they do . 
  i would have no right to complain and the locals would have no responsibility to understand my culture . 
  if these people are trying to move into our countries , all responsibility lies with them . 
  why on earth should we feel like we have a duty to understand their culture when they decide to turn up in our countries uninvited ? 
   you really do n't understand the use of it in the arab and muslim world . 
  why should we even attempt to understand it ? 
  they 're the ones trying to move into our countries . 
  they should know how to behave themselves if they 're trying to move into somebody else 's country . 
  the hungarian police have behaved in an utterly exemplary manner . 
  they have used the appropriate level of non-lethal force to prevent unauthorised border crossings . 
  the german government is coming across as increasingly ridiculous with every day that passes . 
  there are plenty of us in western europe who feel the whole situation is absurd . 
  many of us in the uk disagree with the idea that we have a duty to protect everyone who manages to enter the country , regardless of whether or not they 're criminals or followers of hostile political ideologies . 
  i 'd happily see these people sent back to their home countries even if they ended up being tortured and executed . 
  it would n't be our problem . 
  i 'd be very happy for the uk to give hungary aid to help build the fence . 
  that 's what our foreign aid budget should be used for . 
  we should all help the hungarians build a massive double fence , or even a massive concrete wall like the israelis have done in the west bank and gaza . 
  it would be money well spent . 
  my point was that these countries are good examples of prosperous sovereign states that are n't part of any huge eu-style bloc . 
  those who argue in favour of the uk remaining in the eu often resort to hysterics , acting like this country is uniquely vulnerable . 
  japan , australia and new zealand are good examples of countries that do n't feel the need to surrender control of their borders , economic policies or home affairs to a regional bloc , yet remain some of the most prosperous societies in the world . 
  so how perfect does their situation have to be to prevent them from fleeing ? 
  the whole world is full of people living in situations that are n't ideal . 
  that does n't mean that developed countries should have an obligation to house them all . 
  it 's really not a terrifying prospect .
