  pandering to your far left support base is a sure way of losing . 
   sticking to the tories until labour get a decent leader . 
  same here . 
  i 've never voted tory before , but i probably will in the next election . 
  i have misgivings about the tories , but when the alternative is a bunch of loons , it tends to focus the mind a bit . 
  more people actually trust theresa may than corbyn on the nhs . 
  just let that sink in for a moment , a tory pm is more trusted on the nhs ( created by labour ) than the labour leader . 
  it takes a monumentally useless leader to manage that . 
   the amount of people who disagree and call labour ` unelectable ' now that they are n't full-on blairite anymore is amazing ... we 're not just saying this because we disagree with his politics . 
  his personal ratings are utterly abysmal , and the conservatives have n't even started attacking him . 
  just wait until we get closer to the election and all the dirt that has been dug up over the previous five years finally gets revealed . 
   he clearly has the support of his base . 
  that 's not enough . 
  in our two-party political system , labour actually needs to gain votes that they did n't get in the last election . 
  basically , they 'll have to convince some of the people who voted conservative last year to vote labour in the next election . 
  corbyn does n't have a hope in hell of doing that . 
  he 'll just lead his deluded followers to electoral oblivion . 
  owen smith would lose the general election , but there 's a difference between merely losing and being utterly annihilated . 
  that 's the difference between smith and corbyn . 
  smith could possibly have led his party to a miliband-esque defeat . 
  corbyn will probably end up doing worse than michael foot . 
  so do you think that people should be free to disrupt the rest of society for whatever reason they please ? 
  fuck that . 
  we need to make it clear to people that the fact that you have a political grievance does n't make it a legitimate one . 
   if someone says a lot of stupid things and insults people he should be called out on that . 
  to what end ? 
  even if you think that trump is an absolute idiot ( and i do n't , i just think he 's unconventional ) , what do you hope that `` calling him out '' will achieve ? 
  all you will do is poison relations with a man who could be leading the most powerful country on earth in a few months . 
  the only thing it does is make people feel better about themselves . 
  politicians should be capable of acting dimplomatically and with restraint . 
  mouthing off about someone who could be us president in a few months is deeply unprofessional . 
  if someone is deliberately obstructing traffic and stopping people from getting on flights , then sure . 
  it 's a natural emotion . 
  however , the more rational part of me is glad that we live in a society where there is n't widespread police brutality . 
  so i would rather see these people arrested using the minimum necessary force and imprisoned upon conviction . 
  when i see people like that , a part of me wishes that we had the sort of police that would teach them what real brutality is . 
  god , i love it when bitter remainers throw their tantrums , as they fantasise about every possible disaster that could befall the uk . 
  i do n't know why you 're acting like you 're some arbiter of international relations . 
  you 're just a nobody like me . 
  the uk will continue to have influence whether in or out of the eu , and there 's absolutely nothing that you can do that will change that . 
  still in the eu . 
  will still be in the eu if trump is elected . 
  try again . 
  yeah , let 's break off relations with the most powerful country on earth . 
  absolutely 100 % credible idea . 
  it 's a really , really stupid thing to say . 
  completely self-defeating . 
  it 's not as if criticism from european political elites is going to achieve anything . 
  if anything , it will strengthen the resolve of trump supporters . 
  yet they ca n't help shooting their mouths off , arrogantly complacent about trump 's chances of victory . 
  for no reason other than to play to their home crowd . 
  `` trump 's a monster , look how tolerant i am ! '', 
  david cameron was the same , shooting his mouth off over trump 's proposed ban on muslims from entering the us . 
  fortunately we now have a prime minister who has an understanding of diplomacy . 
  relax , a few years down the line and you 'll probably be looking back and laughing at what a drama queen you were about the whole thing . 
  wow , that 's quite a bitter little tirade . 
  it 's a good thing that most remainers are just getting on with life rather than acting like spoiled toddlers who ca n't get their own way . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  i 'd like to tell you you 're making a fuss over nothing , but there are a lot of scumbags out there . 
  i remember when all the gchq revelations came out and everyone here was whipping themselves up into a frenzy of righteous indignation . 
  yet we hear that the german counterparts are no better , and the silence is deafening . 
   turns out that all those `` right-wing conspiracy theorists '' were not that far off when they kept saying the media had an agenda on immigration . 
  the opinions of the media are becoming increasingly irrelevant in the internet age . 
  in one respect , that 's a good thing as they clearly have an agenda . 
  on the other hand , it 's a bad thing because people end up retreating into online echo chambers or foreign propaganda outfits like rt. 
  it 's a shame that so much of the media ca n't do their jobs properly . 
  i voted leave , but i really do n't want you to feel like you do n't fit in . 
  48 % is a very large minority , so it 's not as if you 're some sort of deviant . 
  i really hope that the referendum has n't divided our country this much . 
  hopefully in a few years it will be all a distant memory . 
  well , from that article it seems that at least the dutch government has a sensible attitude towards encryption . 
  let 's hope it stays that way . 
  open source to the rescue !, 
   i linked to a literal ballot with the choice of `` do you want to remain in the eu or not '' on it . 
  i did n't dispute that nearly half the population wanted us to remain in the eu . 
  what i disputed was the idea that all remainers were passionately pro-eu , an idea that you seemed to have :  u/thetonn : the idea that all remainers were passionately pro-eu with views entirely indistinguishable views to the future of the eu as the eu establishment is insane . 
   u/theflashyfinger : they were by definition . 
  that 's what i was disputing . 
  you seem to be the one that 's trolling right now . 
   it was literally on the ballot . 
  no it was n't . 
  the question was `` should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union or leave the european union ? '' . 
  it was n't `` are you a passionate supporter of the european union ? '', 
  or even `` do you like the european union ? '' . 
  plenty of room for the `` lesser of two evils '' voters . 
   gosh i wonder why he snuck that word in there . 
  the reason i used that word is because you need reliable data if you 're going to draw any conclusions . 
  as the saying goes `` the plural of anecdote is not data '' . 
  chinese whispers on the internet on social media and the occasional joke `` newspaper '' website like the independent are no substitute for solid , reliable data . 
  if we were to use the internet as a barometer of public opinion , scotland would have voted for independence by about 90 % and ron paul would be us president . 
   they were by definition . 
  this was literally what the polls were about , utter crap . 
  the vote said nothing about whether or not people were passionate about the eu . 
  all it asked was whether or not people wanted the uk to stay in the eu . 
  nothing more . 
  plenty of those people who voted remain were lukewarm . 
   apart from the significant number of brexiteers who have since recanted their vote , there is absolutely no polling evidence that suggests widespread regret . 
  yep , still here and not going away any time soon . 
  still in the eu , at least for now . 
  even when we leave , we 'll still be very firmly in that continent called europe .
