  i wo n't pretend that i have a positive view of islam . 
  i view it as utterly alien and incompatible with western cultures and traditions . 
  i view its prophet ( who muslims regard as the last perfect human being who has ever lived ) to a be a man with almost no redeeming features . 
  that 's not to say that i would lump all muslims into one single category . 
  there are obvious differences with regards to cultures , sects , etc. 
  some muslims are more or less radical than others . 
  nor does it mean i view muslims as being one-dimensional caricatures . 
  while i obviously have more time for the less radical muslims , i view islamic influence of any description , be it cultural or political , to be entirely negative . 
  it 's only a question of severity . 
  i find islam somewhat tolerable when muslims are a relatively small minority , with the religion not featuring greatly in public life . 
  if it became dominant in my country , i believe that it would roll back much of the progress we have made as a society over the past few hundred years . 
  i also feel that many ( though by no means all ) muslims also hold loyalties and allegiances to their coreligionists in foreign countries rather than their fellow citizens in the countries that they reside in . 
  i do n't view this as being in the least bit desirable . 
  though much of that varies according to what country they originate from or what sect they follow . 
  from the article :  local and regional representatives of countries like greece , spain , italy or malta are met daily with the responsibility of providing solutions for people seeking better living conditions they really need to fuck off with this sense of entitlement . 
  these are n't our people . 
  we do n't have a responsibility to `` provide them with solutions '' of any description . 
  we do n't owe them a better life . 
  we do n't owe them a damn thing . 
  the exodus is down to a lack of opportunities . 
  that wo n't change just by shipping a few migrants in . 
  the only way you could keep them there would be to introduce rules that tie them to that particular area . 
  even then , they 'd leave for the cities as soon as they got the opportunity . 
   this is n't about immigration for economic reasons ( even though one could make a case here too ) , it is about refugees fleeing a murderous war . 
  actually , no it is n't in many cases . 
  many of these refugees have fled refugee camps where they 're perfectly safe , but not living in the conditions that they consider themselves entitled to . 
  also , whether or not they 're economic migrants or refugees does n't really make a difference to their host country . 
  the effect on their society is the same regardless . 
   this is a human right and all countries are required to help and give shelter to those that need it . 
  or what ? 
  let 's say we do n't give shelter . 
  what the hell is anybody else going to do about it ? 
  we really need to scrap the 1951 un refugee convention . 
  it was built for a very different world to the one that we live in today . 
  alternatively , all of europe could just toughen up . 
  germany and sweden bring these problems on themselves with their lax refugee policies . 
  their actions are attracting the refugees , so why the hell should other countries be punished for germany and sweden 's idiocy ? 
  what europe really needs to do is make sneaking into the entire continent a deeply unattractive prospect . 
  if they manage to make their way to europe , immediately send them to unhcr camps rather than dispersing them among the population . 
  from the description i thought it would be utterly hideously tacky , but i actually quite like it . 
  there 's nothing that europe can do to prevent this overpopulation . 
  it 's entirely out of our hands . 
  but if the political will is there , it would be easy to stop any mass migrations . 
  of course , that 's a very big if . 
  previous government actions ( such as sending navies to the mediterranean to help facilitate their moves to europe ) are n't exactly promising . 
   that does n't mean the eu as a whole does n't have interests ... any interests that the eu has as a whole is only a reflection of a consensus of member states . 
   if we had an eu military the eu as a whole would be obliged to send troops to defend the falklands . 
  a whole lot more security than relying on your own power to defend it . 
  any territory with a special relationship with the eu would fall under the same umbrella . 
  nice idea in theory , but i doubt it would actually occur in practice . 
  at the end of the day , i just do n't trust other european countries to have the will to defend us . 
  especially not for something as geographically isolated as the falklands . 
   of course , if you do n't have any kind of relationship but some member states still want to go to war over it , then put it to a vote/discussion in the eu and get approval send the eu military to war , the same way it would work in any other country . 
  yes , there 's the problem . 
  i doubt that other european member states would ever consent to sending their people to die for something that would still be seen as a purely british matter . 
  this is why i 'll never be in favour of european military integration ( at least not if the uk is taking part ) . 
  i support greater military self-reliance and increased military spending for my own country . 
  it 's no good relying on those who will never see you in the same way as they see their own people . 
   seriously ? 
  er , yes . 
  it 's hardly a revolutionary idea to suggest that different european countries often have different interests . 
  the fact that we happen to be situated on the same continent does n't necessarily mean that we 're going to share the same interests all the time . 
  let 's take the falkland islands for example . 
  our fellow europeans in spain would be highly unlikely to support the british side in the event of a second argentine attack . 
  especially as they were making diplomatic overtures to argentina with regards to the gibraltar situation . 
  at best they would be neutral and at worst , they would diplomatically support argentina . 
  on the other hand , i 'm fairly confident that the non-european usa would be more agreeable to our perspective , especially given their frosty relations with argentina . 
   when a subject that concerns eu interests and not american interests comes up that requires an eu military presence in order to defend that interest , nato is completely , utterly worthless . 
  i suppose it all depends on whether or not you recognise such a thing as `` european interests '' . 
  there 's just as much of a chance of european states having conflicting interests as there is of conflicts of interest between europe and america . 
  i certainly would n't feel that france , spain or germany would be any more willing to protect my interests than the usa would . 
   external eu borders for starters . 
  something that greece 's been asking for ages . 
  defending borders from migrants ? 
  the reason migrants carry on coming is nothing to do with military capabilities . 
  the means are there to stop them , it 's just the political will that 's lacking . 
  you can have the mightiest military on earth and it means nothing if you 're unwilling to use them properly . 
  if european countries were truly determined to stop mediterranean migrants , they could do so immediately . 
  they just have to be prepared to use whatever means are at their disposal . 
   nato also includes america and is completely inadequate for the purpose of defending eu interests because it is not a purely european alliance . 
  not true . 
  nato ( basically america ) has been the main force defending europe since the beginning of the cold war . 
  the reason why european countries lack credibility is n't down to nato ( as nato is the only thing with credibility ) , but down to the unwillingness of european countries to spend reasonable amounts on defence . 
  if they were willing to , they could seriously bolster europe 's defensive capabilities within nato . 
  there are no military reasons why an integrated european military would be any better than a heavily bolstered nato . 
  the sole reason for it is to try and push political integration . 
  it 's a wish fulfillment fantasy . 
  politically ? 
  europe was n't even a concept back then . 
  when you 're going this far back the largest political units would have been small tribes . 
  i found it funny in some parts and unfunny in others . 
  though they can go to hell if they want us to take more syrians in . 
  if they want to commit national suicide then that 's their decision . 
  no need for us to join them . 
  better to let an old town die than to turn it into something from a foreign country . 
  counter-productive anyway . 
  these towns are ghost towns for a reason and these migrants wo n't want to stay there . 
  as soon as they get the opportunity they 'll be off to the cities where the vast majority of migrants go . 
   no friend , you 're really having a referendum because your massive banks ( along with a few other industries ) do not want eu regulations . 
  wow , you really are spectacularly moronic .
