  so it was possible to compromise with them . 
  none of that applies to westerners who join isis . 
   as for me , i 'd rather see them all die in the ` paradise ' they have gone to rape and murder . 
  if we 'd ever send our own ground troops , i would secretly order them not to spare any of the foreign fighters coming from europe . 
   not sure if that 's the smartest strategy though . 
  i think the best way forward is to make it clear that if they ever return to their home country , they spend the rest of their lives in solitary confinement . 
  they will deter them from ever returning . 
  so in all likelihood they will be killed later , either on the battlefield or , if their war is lost , executed upon capture by syrian or iraqi government-aligned militias . 
  a poor and easily bribed place in africa like gambia , mauritania or guinea-bissau would do the trick . 
  i 'm sure that you 'd be able to find at least one country around the sahel would agree to it . 
  that region is n't too far away for it to be practical for the job . 
   no , a lot of them are kids who do n't really know anything better . 
  very few of them are under 18 . 
   so you have radicalised people in your prisons for their entire lives , probably influencing other people in those prisons , solitary confinement is the answer to that . 
  they ca n't influence other prisoners if they have no contact with them . 
  i completely agree with this . 
  they should be jailed for life . 
  by life i mean that they should only leave prison in a box . 
  they should also spend their entire sentences in solitary confinement to stop them from spreading their ideology behind bars ( [ unfortunately our supreme court recently ruled against the practice ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33699873 ) ) . 
   because it goes the other way around - you should accept eu the way it is . 
  i accept that the eu wo n't change . 
  i accept that it 's incapable of reform . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i 'm in favour of withdrawal . 
   please accept me the way i am !, 
  i need it !, 
  pleaseeeeee you 're acting like you 're taking it all very personally , like some sort of spurned lover . 
  honestly , i do n't care whether or not we 're liked by the rest of the eu , i know we 're not anyway and there 's nothing that we could do to change that . 
  it seems to me that the choice is between being hated as obstructionists or being merrily exploited by countries that will only laugh at our idiocy . 
  i 'll take the former over the latter . 
  it really is n't anything personal , i just find the eu 's intolerance of british interests to be very revealing . 
  the fact that they wo n't even consider accepting our perfectly moderate and reasonable requests is all the evidence we need of the nature of the institution . 
   my impression is that folks in / r/europe would like the uk to be a more active player in eu politics . 
  what they really mean by `` active player '' is an unquestioning lackey who 'll dance to the rest of the eu 's tune . 
  active engagement would imply standing up for our interests , something that would cause intense butthurt around here . 
  if they really want the uk in the eu , they should accept us as we are . 
  oh my , is n't that a surprise ? 
  you mean that all these assurances that those who are n't real refugees will be deported are utterly meaningless ? 
  how shocking . 
  i do n't think anybody claimed that walls solve all the world 's problems . 
  however , they have often been effective at the job they 're designed for , that is stopping the free movement of people . 
  take the berlin wall as an example ; before its construction 3.5 million people from east germany headed west , many of them into west berlin . 
  after the construction of the wall , only about 5,000 people managed to flee to west berlin . 
  the wall worked . 
  it 's nothing personal . 
  no need to act like a spurned lover . 
  interesting . 
  it seems that german jews are n't quite the proverbial turkeys voting for christmas [ as ours are . 
  i 'd love it if people like him were banished . 
  still , denial of citizenship is a start . 
  good work , denmark . 
  ireland or new zealand . 
  good standard of living , english speaking and pleasant climates . 
  i know what you mean . 
  when there 's another news story about the people camping out in calais , i have mixed feelings . 
  on the one hand i think `` why the hell do you think you have the right here when you 're already somewhere safe and prosperous ? '', 
  and on the other hand i feel a certain amount of pride that they 're deem my country so good that they 're willing to trek across europe and camp out in tents to get here . 
  i do n't think that the numbers are particularly important at the moment . 
  it 's only the political obsessives that are following the debate closely right now and you always get ebbs and flows with polling . 
  it 's when the campaign really begins that the polls with start to matter . 
  agreed . 
  a mixture of different methods would be the best approach . 
  a more effective way would be to deter them from entering in the first place . 
  crack down on the conditions they face so that entering europe is n't attractive . 
  prevent employers from employing them on pain of long terms of imprisonment . 
  prevent landlords from renting property to them on pain of imprisonment and asset confiscation . 
  deny access to all forms of state assistance . 
  once word gets back that all that awaits them in europe is absolute grinding poverty , the flow will soon dry up . 
  it works with airlines . 
  if an airline brings an illegal immigrant here , it has to return them to their home country at its own expense . 
  so the airlines are very careful about who they let onto their flights . 
   just imagine that simple jeans costs more than your monthly salary ... 
  when you put into that perspective it 's utterly insane . 
  in the uk a minimum wage worker can earn enough for a cheap pair of jeans in less than hour . 
  good idea . 
  borders fences and walls obviously would n't do anything against a full military invasion , but they 're good for lesser threats , like smuggling or illegal immigration . 
  it will also make it more difficult for the russians to issue any denials when the occasional commando `` accidentally '' crosses the border . 
   why do hateful people always thin indoctrination is a * good thing * ? 
  because it 's effective . 
  it 's much easier to inculcate an ideology into someone when you start them off at a very young age . 
  besides , the difference between teaching and indoctrination is subjective . 
  not unlike the difference between terrorist and freedom fighter in that respect . 
   bad wheat lolwut, 
  but human rights do change with time . 
  when many human rights laws were drafted , gay sex was still illegal . 
  now it 's generally considered ( in the west ) a fundamental human right to have sex with people of the same gender , or even get married with them in many countries . 
  human rights have always been subjective and will carry on changing . 
  it 's not an arbitrary assertion . 
  [ 15 million viewers tuned in for the democratic presidential debate . 
  ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/10/14/15m-viewers-tuned-in-for-democratic-presidential-debate-cnn.html ) that 's not even 10 % of the entire us electorate . 
  people who tune into televised debates will be , by definition , more politically engaged than the much greater number who do n't . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly controversial conclusion . 
  so i do n't think you can rely on a poll of people who watched a televised political debate as being an accurate barometer of public opinion among the wider electorate . 
  am i wrong ? 
  post debate polls are n't representative of the wider population as they only poll the people who actually took the time to watch the debates . 
  by definition , those people will be far more politically engaged and interested in the candidates than the typical voter . 
  it does n't account the much larger pool of voters who could n't be bothered to watch it . 
  [ i know that feel , bro . 
  ] ( http://countryballs.net/_nw/7/85226858.png ) ( though sometimes they at least have the good grace to put it [ half and half ) ] ( http://www.myheritageimages.com/h/storage/blogs/companyblog/languages.jpg ), 
  i was in scotland last year , when the independence referendum campaign was in full swing . 
  if you were to judge things purely on the basis of signs , t-shirts , badges , etc , then you would have predicted that scotland would be voting for independence by an absolutely overwhelming margin .
