  we do n't have full control of our borders as long as there is freedom of movement within the eu . 
  schengen is a sideshow , border controls mean nothing when you 're legally obliged to wave them through . 
  because they did n't give us a better offer . 
  maybe they should have done . 
  instead they saw us as a cash cow , ready and waiting to be milked at every opportunity . 
  if they wanted to keep our very generous contributions to the eu budget , they should have shown a little more flexibility in their negotiations with cameron . 
   it is very possible and not logically inconsistent to agree with censoring hate speech but to disagree with censoring pictures . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  whether it 's calling for hate speech ( bear in mind that hate speech does not necessarily mean inciting violence ) to be banned or calling for war photos to be banned , it 's all just `` muh feelings '' . 
  call to ban one but not the other and you 're a hypocrite . 
  this . 
  most of us brexit supporters are just taking a `` wait and see '' approach . 
  if it all turns out fine for us then there will be plenty of time to gloat . 
  because stating the obvious does n't really contribute to a dscussion . 
  that what downvotes are for . 
  it 's not close , not by any stretch of the imagination . 
  63 % want to remain in the uk while 22 % want to join the republic of ireland . 
  the rest are undecided or non-voters . 
  in referendum polling terms , it could n't be much less close . 
  i greatly enjoyed it . 
  i gave me a tantalising taste of the delights that await us over the next few years . 
  this sub is going to be a blast !, 
   why would europe care about this ? 
  i can see the irish having an opinion , but the rest of europe ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  did you see what this sub was like in the immediate aftermath of the referendum ? 
  many of the people on here were practically masturbating as they fantasised every possible disaster that could befall the uk . 
  this is amusing . 
  i wonder how many people who are decrying facebook 's censorship of war photos are the very same people who were calling on facebook to crack down on `` hate speech '' . 
  not so fun when the boot 's on the other foot , is it ? 
  anyway , if you do n't like facebook 's policies then just do n't use it . 
  i do n't . 
  nobody 's forcing you . 
  ssssh , do n't ruin the circlejerk . 
  do n't you know everyone in the north would starve if it was n't for the eu 's benevolence ? 
  sure , but that was when the eu was n't an utter shit show . 
  i wonder how many of those countries would join today . 
  i would imagine not many given that the only two remaining prosperous non-eu european countries do n't want in . 
   the last time norway actually voted on joining the percentage against was less than the amount that voted leave . 
  yet that was the high point of support for the eu . 
  more recent polls have put support for joining the eu at less than 20 % . 
  clearly the norwegian people can see the direction that the eu is heading in and they do n't want in . 
   switzerland is a pretty poor example to give , it 's been a neutral country for hundreds of years . 
  right , so a prosperous and quiuntessentially european country like switzerland is a bad example because * reasons * . 
  yet somehow we 're supposed to believe that the eu 's ability to attract economic basket cases is some badge of pride . 
  pull the other one . 
  yes , how dare those ignorant peasants not be profusely grateful for the few scraps thrown to them from the banquet table ? 
  keep on deluding yourself into thinking that we 'll rejoin if it makes you feel better . 
  the only places that the eu can tempt to join them these days are ex-communist states looking for handouts . 
  the eu ca n't convince countries to join that will be net contributors likew we are . 
  you 're probably right , but the majority of countries in the world are significantly poorer than most of europe . 
  it makes sense that these countries would try to join the eu if they could as they would be looking for handouts . 
  saying that 90 % of the world would want to join the eu if they were in europe is utterly meaningless when it encompasses basket cases like zimbabwe or venezuela . 
  it is far more revealing to look the norway and switzerland , the two remaining prosperous european countries that are n't in the eu . 
  funnily enough , these two have no desire to join the eu . 
  we did n't have any problems with the tamil tigers . 
  the sri lankan government did , but we did n't . 
  haha , i suppose it is pretty ironic when you think about it . 
  did n't even think that when i was typing it . 
  still , no reason why we ca n't continue to cooperate on certain things when we have a mutual interest . 
  excellent , it 's good to see that the uk is a world leader in an important heavy industry . 
  the only people who would benefit if we ceased selling arms would be the french . 
   your 're not helping the situation . 
  i do n't think any of us thought that we were helping the situation . 
   more weapons in the mid east means the odds of those weapons killing civilians and ending up in terrorist hands increases . 
  look at what happened in iraq with isis and how they got all of those american weapons . 
  ** american ** being the important word . 
  not british weapons , american ones . 
  not many american ones anyway , when you see the weapons that most of isis carry . 
  british arms sales are mostly high-tech stuff like eurofighters . 
  not many isis fighters flying eurofighters . 
  no , just the one side is to blame . 
  the uk has immigrant populations from all across the world , many of them who have been here for several generations . 
  most of them have faced a great deal of discrimination , but we do n't get any terrorist problems from our chinese , caribbean , hindu or sikh populations . 
  it 's understandable , given how uniquely special we are . 
  i mean , if i were them i would certainly be obsessed with us too . 
   what kind of program is question time ? 
  clowns vs. politicians ? 
  yes , that is precisely what it is . 
  how was n't it democratic ? 
  the media did n't speak with one voice . 
  some newspapers came out in favour of leaving , some came out in favour of remaing while others stayed neutral . 
  there was a difference in opinion among the media that reflected the difference in opinion across the whole country . 
  oh yes , i remember what happened when obama made his intervention . 
  the chattering classes were busily talking among themselves how important an intervention it was , saying that it was such a terrible moment for the leave campaign . 
  yet if anything , it caused a backlash . 
  there was certainly a spike in support for leave in the polls immediately after . 
  [ it was this short documentary on the guardian by the excellent john harris . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/video/2016/jun/22/eu-referendum-welcome-to-the-divided-angry-kingdom-video ) ( shout out to u/jacks _ chicken_tartar ) seeing the sense of entitlement among the students certainly strengthened my resolve . 
  it gave me a great sense of satisfaction to imagine their reactions to a vote to leave . 
  except i was referring to the protesters in particular , as opposed to remainers as a whole . 
  the protest certainly looked full of middle class student types . 
  i was n't describing the entire 48 % in that way ; the vast majority of them are just getting on with their lives . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  the people who voted leave will see these protesters as a bunch of posh , arrogant elitists who are trying to overturn a democratic decision . 
  it will be full of the usual middle class student types who act like lefties now , then join the corporate world as soon as they graduate . 
  this protest wo n't make a difference . 
  it wo n't convince anyone who voted leave . 
  it will more likely entrench their views . 
  no , ireland is much less dependent on trade with the uk than scotland is .
