  that would help deter them . 
  hopefully by the time this all happens we 'll have the donald in the white house . 
   continental europeans are just tired of hearing about british people complaining about europe , for the same reasons as everyone else , except the uk already has more privileges do n't listen , then . 
  this is a debate that we 're having amongst ourselves . 
  it is n't aimed at you . 
  the entire debate revolves purely around uk political and economic issues . 
  if you 're sick of hearing about it then do n't read about it . 
  easy . 
   you have the opportunity to rule over europe beside germany . 
  we do n't want to try and rule over europe . 
  it would be an utterly thankless task and not worth the effort for what little we would get out of it . 
   my opinion : stay in the eu , seek a bigger role in the presidency of the continent . 
  you wo n't win many british people over with that , even among those who will be voting to remain in the eu . 
  we do n't want a big role , we want a detached role . 
  as long as you do n't do anything to screw us over , we 're happy to let you get on with doing whatever you want . 
   as far as the european immogration problem , make it more complicated to get the nhs papers or make a goddamn law of how many people from one nationality can work at a time . 
  no thanks , we do n't want more expensive and intrusive bureaucracy . 
  identity cards , common in europe , were proposed in the uk a few years ago . 
  the idea was incredibly unpopular and the idea was ditched . 
  i 'd rather we just control our borders and maintain our current system of public services . 
   besides are n't you worried that if you leave the eu , you will not be the uk anymore but simply england + wales ? 
  it sounds like you 've been spending too much time listening to the butthurt little eu fanatics on here who are fantasising that the uk will disintegrate in the event of brexit . 
  we 'll be just fine . 
  haha , we 're supposed to believe that obama is a friend of the uk ? 
  probably not . 
  unless they had some sort of political clout , such as offering a juicy trade deal in the event of brexit . 
  cheers for the offer , but this is something that we 'll have to thrash out alone . 
  the only thing that i could think of that would help is going online , posing as a `` remain '' campaigner and saying the most utterly outrageous and offensive things in order to alienate moderate voters . 
  the nus does n't have any real power , so it does n't matter too much . 
  all they do is talk . 
  it could actually be a good thing ; if these people go on public record saying such outrageous things , at least potential employers will easily know about it . 
  it could also scupper their chances of entering real , grown-up politics . 
   i 'm shocked we did n't use that against the scottish in the independence referendum actually . 
  `` stay witth us to have the 48th best netflix collection in the world '' i 'm sure that the independence campaign would have countered it by saying that an independent scotland will be so wonderful that it will have an even larger netflix library than anywhere else in the world . 
  because reasons . 
   no , simply because a transition of this kind takes time . 
  so all we have to do is vote to remain and maybe , some day in the distant future , the eu might be generous enough to institute a few reforms . 
  i do n't think that will convince too many people . 
  scotland is part of the uk , and you 're just as clueless about scottish politics as you are about politics in every other area of the uk . 
  i would n't say that i have a real sense of being `` european '' , at least not as a solid identity . 
  i identify more as being part of the civilised western world . 
  obviously , europe ( and the eu specifically ) fits squarely into that category , but i would also extend it to places like canada , australia , etc. 
  trying to identify as european seems pointless to me , as it would imply that i identify with france or spain in a way that i do n't with canada and australia . 
  not that there 's anything at all wrong with france or spain . 
  do n't worry too much about it , op . 
  in all likelihood , there will be next to no impact on the lives of you or your countrymen if we choose to leave the eu . 
  we 're not going anywhere . 
  we 'll be in the same place as we 've always been and we 'll be the same country that we 've always been . 
  we 'll just be trimming a bit of the bureaucratic fat away . 
  you actually think they 'd join the euro ? 
  when the independence campaign went to great lengths to deny that an independent scotland would be forced to join the single currency ? 
  wow , you 're really showing off how laughably clueless you are about uk politics . 
  good show , keep it up . 
   the uk could be a eu heavyweight if it had a more positive and active attitude towards the eu . 
  i know exactly what a more positive and active attitude towards the eu would entail : us being used as the eu 's good little doormat , ready to stump up as much cash for whatever disaster the bloc has chosen to embark on . 
  face it , the only times we ever get listened to are when we veto and force the rest of the continent to listen to us , whether they like it or not . 
   and with no ability , right , or authority for london to object er , no . 
  the right to hold a referendum is a reserved matter for the parliament in london . 
  still , please keep on fantasising about uk disintegration if it makes you feel so much better . 
  much more satisfying than focusing on improving your own country , i 'm sure . 
   it might sound idealistic , but our modern societies have long ago decided that nobody , not even murderers or terrorists , deserve being exposed to a significant threat for their lifes . 
  it was n't decided by our societies , it was decided by our elites . 
  you could only say that our societies decided this if the people were consulted , and they were n't . 
  obviously , if the law states that you ca n't deport people to such circumstances then the law must be followed . 
  however , there are many of us , myself included , who feel differently and would very much like to see such laws change . 
  i imagine that if you polled most british people , most of them would probably be more than happy to see terrorists and their sympathisers deported , even if they ended up being tortured and executed . 
  i do n't believe that the british state should be subject to any restrictions on what countries it can deport people to . 
  it 's one of the reasons i favour leaving the european union and the council of europe . 
   ** what 's the point in having a european union ** if the countries follow an every man for himself approach ? 
  that 's a question that an increasing number of us ( especially in the uk ) are asking . 
   i guess europe forgot to celebrate . 
  european spirit will take decades ( or centuries ) to show up , unless you promote it . 
  what makes you think that such a thing can even be promoted ? 
  national identity is something that people feel . 
  it is n't something that 's been invented by bureaucratic elites sitting thousands of miles away . 
  you ca n't expect to create an artificial european identity among disparate peoples and expect people to happily follow it if only you managed to promote it a bit better . 
  you 're not going to solve this crisis . 
  if anything it 's only going to get worse with climate change . 
  this is just a small taste of what 's to come . 
  personally , i prefer the `` every country for itself '' approach . 
  if sweden wants them , sweden can take them . 
  if hungary does n't want them , then hungary can shut their borders . 
  if a `` european solution '' involves countries being forced to take in migrants that they do n't want then i 'll say `` no thanks '' . 
  the refugees are safe in the respect of them no longer being in any danger . 
  yes , life is tough for them , but life is just as tough for many people living in poor yet peaceful countries in the third world . 
  living in unpleasant conditions does n't give someone the right to move to the developed country of their choice , nor should it . 
  the fact that there 's a law in the german criminal code that prohibits insulting foreign leaders is utterly obscene . 
  it 's the sort of thing that one would expect more from a third world dictatorship than a developed country . 
  you keep holding onto that hope if it makes you feel better . 
   i think in most other nations the idea of `` superstate eu '' would be quite acceptable - if finally someone would fill this vision with colour . 
  if the peoples of europe were genuinely amenable to a european superstate , it would have been proposed long ago . 
  yet the top eu officials have never actually proposed that . 
  instead they have sought to gradually erode the sovereignty of individual countries . 
  the fact that they 're not willing to go out and publicly propose a federation is effectively an admission that they would n't have sufficient public support for it . 
  wait , are people suddenly saying that brexit would end the eu ? 
  if we 're to listen to many of the people on thus subreddit , brexit could free the eu from the shackles of anglo-saxon tyranny , allowing it to frolic in unity . 
  anyway , i thought that you were in favour of the uk leaving the eu , so what 's the problem ? 
  i think that 's really beyond us . 
  the most that we could do is be obstructionist , but i doubt that it could go any further than that . 
  come on , it 's a really beautiful relationship when you think about it .
