  tell us all how karma works . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
   karma yeah , those english sluts deserved it , amirite ? 
   the repulsion for death penalty is probably the most characteristic european value . 
  who says ? 
  i think you 'll find plenty of europeans who would beg to differ with your assertion . 
  personally i disagree with the death penalty . 
  i would n't wish to see it reintroduced in my country . 
  however , i think that this should be treated as a purely internal matter . 
  it 's none of our business . 
  well , if you canucks ca n't get a trade deal with the eu , i know a country that might just be interested ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the problem is that a lot of these people are n't really students , it 's just a way of dodging work restrictions . 
  you 'll find the imaginary `` school of english '' located above a fried chicken takeaway . 
  if you want to be a hero and fight the good fight then be my guest . 
  grab a rifle and off you pop . 
  just do n't expect to drag the rest of us into it . 
  i 'm sick and tired of us being dragged into the rest of the world 's problems . 
  we 've got enough to deal with without picking fights with russia . 
  only if you think that nothing has changed in 100 years . 
  the british governments today are quite different to the british governments of 100 years ago . 
  the scottish independence situation is also a very different one to all other movements for independence from the uk . 
  i know that scottish nationalists like to imagine themselves as valiant freedom fighters , but that is n't the case and will never be the case . 
  the situation will be peaceful , whatever the outcome . 
  most likely . 
  he was incredibly complacent in his assumption that he would win . 
  i also feel that scottish independence could have potentially damaged the uk 's self-confidence to such a degree that there would have been even less of a clamour for brexit , and i say this as a leave voter . 
  the only people who talk about sending in the tanks are scottish nationalists . 
  all that would happen would be a refusal to sanction a referendum , and we 'd end up with a catalan-style situation . 
   perhaps it would never have come to the brexit vote if the first indyref had succeeded . 
  i 'm sure that it would n't have come to that . 
  had scotland voted for independence , it would have caused such political disruption that the uk government would never have been able to consider running an eu referendum any time soon . 
  if ever . 
  i 'll be crying myself to sleep over this tonight ... 
  lol , that guy was such a little bitch . 
  you 're assuming that it 's in our power to stop it . 
  we ca n't . 
  the best we can hope for in a situation like this is to quarantine ourselves . 
  it would be better if we all just stayed out of this war . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i 'm finding this all to be fantastic fun myself . 
   one spectrum is economic , the other is cultural . 
  merkel is a cultural liberal , basically , but she is an economic right-winger . 
  the same can be said of our ( m ) party , ** as well as the uk tories . 
  ** actually , we might be starting to see that change , given what we 've just heard from the tory conference . 
  david cameron was solidly socially liberal and economically conservative/classical liberal . 
  theresa may seems to be making moves in the opposite direction , moving her party more in the direction of economic interventionism and a less liberal social order . 
  that 's not to say that the tories are suddenly change and start acting like labour on the economy and ukip on immigration , but it 's an example of how theresa may has seen the need to shift the centre of british politics . 
  the old liberal order is crumbling . 
  that was fun . 
  they went from idealising the noble working classes , to saying `` how fucking dare you do this , you ignorant chav scum !, 
  do n't you realise this is going to fuck up the erasmus program ? '' . 
  i hate to think how they 'd cope if they actually went to a pub in somewhere like sunderland or bolton and met some actual working class people . 
  agreed . 
  there are some bitter people on this sub , but there are plenty of reasonable ones , too . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is just full of middle class student union types who like to see themselves as progressives but look at the working classes with utter contempt . 
  they 're the sort of people who want to be able to speak on behalf of everyone else , but can barely hide their rage when those people have the temerity to disagree . 
  i 'm not too sure that the republic of ireland would wish to rejoin the uk . 
  interesting suggestion all the same . 
  it 's all relative . 
  living on welfare in europe is the equivalent of living like a king in their home countries . 
   these people will suffer in european societies . 
  no they wo n't . 
  even if they ca n't find a job , they 'll live off welfare . 
  that might not be an ideal kind of life for an ordinary european , but i 'm pretty sure it 's a damn sight better than what they 've left behind . 
   the only real way how germany can help these poor souls is to help fix their god forgotten country . 
  you might as well ask the germans to declare world peace . 
  it 's completely beyond germany or anyone else to fix these countries . 
  the only thing you can do is keep these people out . 
  first thing you need to do is remove all incentives such as welfare or access to public services . 
   and i think they should a tax haven in the territory of europe is a disgrace . 
  better deal with luxembourg first . 
  they 're a bigger problem than gibraltar could ever hope to be . 
  i do n't want cuts ( though i do n't think that big spending rises are the answer either ) . 
  that 's the thing with us brexiters , we 're not some hivemind . 
  `` just hurry up and fuck off out of the eu now i 'm so sick of hearing about you !!!!, 
  not that i care at all about the anything the uk does . '', 
  funnily enough , we never actually annexed jersey or any of the other channel islands . 
  they belonged to the duke of normandy , who ended up annexing us . 
  they 're technically the last remaining parts of the duchy of normandy that belong to the british monarch . 
   so what would be a good solution ? 
  hatcheries . 
  let 's start mass producing babies , baby !, 
  [ having checked it out , i stand corrected . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37061605 ) been ahead in 3 out of 75 polls . 
  easy to miss . 
  interesting . 
  that could be partially explained by the fact that few people outside of politically obsessive circles even know who owen smith is . 
   at the moment he 's doing about as well as neil kinnock did in '87 ( 30-31 % ) , given that opinion polls tend to overestimate the labour vote ( they did both in 1987 and 2015 ) , that is n't good enough . 
  with a new leader , labour should be leading comfortably in the polls if they 're to have any hope of winning . 
  yet they have n't been ahead at any point with corbyn as leader . 
   and prior to the eu referendum it had been as high as 40 % . 
  first i 've heard of it . 
   again , leads owen smith in yougov polls by double figures . 
  what yougov poll is that ? 
  the poll of labour members ? 
  completely meaningless . 
  it does n't matter if you score well with your party membership if you 're electoral poison with the wider public . 
  mass membership does n't mean a damn thing . 
  when the new membership is largely composed of the far left , that will bring labour even further away from power . 
  labour need to reach out to the wider british public , including those who did n't vote labour in the last election .
