  it 's only because of our ridiculously lax immigration policies that the situation has changed . 
  i hope there are laws that will ensure he will be put on trial in the uk for refusing to surrender to the authorities . 
  if not , such laws should be introduced . 
  he should spend a long time in prison for the money he 's cost us . 
  it 's ridiculous that we 've got to such a situation where this requirement even needs to be introduced . 
  something else to file away for the next time the un has the audacity to criticise us about absolutely anything . 
   one possibility could be to be to export more green energy by building out more of our watercourses . 
  [ norway and the uk are currently building a north sea cable . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nsn_link ) so you 'll soon be able to start selling us lots of lovely renewable electricity . 
  it 's nice to see our european friends becoming aware of the lunacy of jeremy corbyn . 
  if i were irish i 'd be pretty pissed at this . 
  i could understand this position if he was an irish citizen , but not for an algerian . 
  still , it 's up to the irish . 
  if they want to host a potential terrorist it 's on them . 
  but if he ever strays into the north he should be arrested and immediately sent to the usa . 
  i know , which is one of the less desirable aspects of any such collapse . 
  still , i 'd laugh , at least until any nukes detonated . 
  i 'd greatly enjoy seeing russia chaotically disintegrate . 
  russian propaganda was stirring things up and trying to encourage scotland to vote yes during the independence referendum in order to weaken and cripple the uk . 
  so i 'd laugh like hell if it happened to them . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing for any country , western or otherwise , to encourage the use of more secure customised alternatives to off-the-shelf technology . 
  especially for government or military use . 
  i also know that dresden is a very sore point among you npd types . 
  before i even finished reading the headline i knew it would be anthony beevor . 
  his account of the rapes of german women by soviet troops after the fall of berlin are a bit of a sore point among russian ultra-nationalists . 
   if catalonia gets independence with democratical means the international comunity will have to accept it . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  if spain was to continue acting totally intransigent , thwarting all catalan attempts at independence , it 's still not guaranteed that the `` international community '' ( a fairly meaningless term ) would necessarily want to get too deeply involved . 
  spain might not be all powerful , but it still holds a reasonable amount of clout , especially within the eu . 
  i could certainly see other eu countries keeping fairly quiet on the issue to avoid antagonising the spanish government . 
  it would be the easier option for them . 
  i 'm a largely neutral onlooker on this issue , but it will be very interesting to see how this goes , especially if pro-independence parties manage to get the majority of votes . 
  under such circumstances , i wonder just what the international ( especially european ) reactions would be if the spanish government firmly maintained its current line . 
  hey , there are a lot of gullible idiots in the world . 
  even if you can see through it so easily , there 's always going to be someone out there who falls for it . 
  yes . 
  there are some benefits to being in the eu , but i think the amount we have to contribute to its budget plus the lack of control over things like immigration outweighs that . 
  did n't those caucasus emirate guys recently pledge allegiance to isis ? 
  i know the chechen jihadists are n't anywhere as powerful as they used to be , but could they still pose a danger ? 
  true , you wo n't get sheep bothering you in the russian far east . 
  it will be bears instead . 
  they ca n't , but if the french government is allowing this to happen then they 've effectively given their approval to their farmers to unlawfully obstruct eu trade . 
  so other eu countries need to respond in kind . 
  plus the best possible publicity that a company could ever ask for . 
  that does n't amount to impeding phone manufacturers , it 's just google refusing to allow their competitors to utilise their own intellectual property , which is a perfectly legitimate business practice . 
  these phone manufacturers are still free to manufacture their goods , they 'd just have to use different software . 
  maybe find a new operating system that they could use or make their own . 
  a more accurate analogy would be if google were sending thugs over to damage their competitor 's equipment . 
   most if not all industries do that . 
  no , they really do n't . 
  i got a new phone recently . 
  it 's an htc . 
  even though i 'm not a fan of apple , they at least have n't been dealing with competition by stopping trucks full of htc products and smashing the contents . 
  i got some drawers from ikea too , but rival furniture stores have n't been using violence to eliminate the competition . 
  it 's almost as if most societies tolerate and protect lawful competition . 
  if the french government is n't going to get a grip of this and carries on allowing farmers to impede lawful trade , the other eu countries should start preventing the import of french agricultural goods . 
  french farmers seem to want to be able to export freely while being protected from foreign imports . 
   i suppose the protesting is rooted in `` defensive '' nationalism ( especially in the food market ) then the british government should respond . 
  if the french government is happy to allow their farmers to act like gangsters preventing lawful competition , then our government should take measures to stop french food from being sold in the uk . 
  french farmers seem to think that they should be able to freely export while being protected from foreign competition . 
  it 's ridiculous that the french authorities have always seemed to condone this sort of behaviour . 
  you saw it with the channel tunnel strikes too . 
  it 's nothing new either , you used to have french farmers burning lorries carrying live british sheep and getting away with it . 
  they do it because they know they wo n't be arrested . 
  any sane country would put them in prison for what is clearly serious criminal behaviour . 
  they 're acting like gangsters . 
  if the french government is n't willing to facilitate lawful commerce and step in to protect our lorry drivers , then our government should take action against french imports . 
  yep . 
  nothing in that image that i 'd be at all surprised to find here . 
  well , it is international business times . 
  and the white elephants shall march once again . 
  he did a lot of stuff in beijing during the 2008 olympics . 
  some of it looked suspiciously like daddy 's plans for berlin after a nazi victory in world war 2 . 
  i doubt that those who are trying to create the european `` dream '' would really let little things like the will of the people stop them . 
  i think that the peoples of the eurozone countries should make the choice . 
  the euro certainly needs more political controls to make it work , but forcing it on people will only lead everyone down a very dark road . 
  but ultimately a choice will have to be made between adopting some form of federation or abandoning the euro altogether . 
  but what if it does n't work ? 
  what if those pesky people decide they do n't want a federation ? 
  it would be interesting to see if muslims in the area react to any future parades . 
  maybe we could end up seeing a little northern ireland-style parade violence come to sweden ? 
  finally , someone gets it !, 
  i agree with your idea . 
  very similar to the australian approach , which worked for them . 
  i 'm sure we could find a north african country that would be willing to host the camp for the right price . 
  if the italian government was n't insisting on running naval rescue missions ( often within a few miles of the libyan coast ) to ferry the migrants to europe , maybe the problem would n't be at its current level . 
   so when they are asked `` where are you from ? '', 
  the answer `` fuck you , i 'm not telling you ! '' ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  what 's difficult to believe about it ? 
  it 's standard practice . 
  they do n't bring identity documents , or destroy them once they arrive at their destination . 
  when they 're arrested , how do you tell where they 're from ? 
  all they have to do is keep quiet and it 's impossible to deport them as there are no solid grounds to insist that their home country ( even if you have an idea where they 're from ) takes them back . 
  the only way to get them talking would be to imprison them indefinitely until they cooperate , but liberals would n't want that . 
  like many in the uk , i gripe about our contributions to the eu , especially given how wasteful a lot of the spending is . 
  but i would be more than happy for us to spend money to help countries like hungary and bulgaria to secure their borders . 
  it 's very much in our interests to . 
  this is one of the most vital things that the eu should be spending money on . 
  y u no like us , greece ?
