  it never required a supermajority of the people to join the eu , so it certainly should n't require it to remain . 
  thankfully , that 's not how we do things here . 
  the difference is that if we were to use terms like the british east indies , british somaliland and rhodesia , we would inevitably look like delusional idiots . 
  in contrast , the british isles is the accepted geographical term throughout the world . 
  the name is n't under any serious , wide reaching dispute . 
  the only people who object are a handful of irish people with chips on their shoulders . 
  those people are n't worth taking any notice of . 
  i have a better idea . 
  the irish government can use whatever name they want , and we can use whatever name we want . 
  the irish government can call it narnia for all i care , but what name we decide to use is n't anybody else 's business . 
  interesting . 
  i would like to know exactly what sort of compression ratios he 's getting and how they fare compared to jpeg , png or webp , and how much computing power they require for decompression . 
  i 'd also be interested to know if it could lend itself to lossless compression . 
  still , very nice . 
  the fact that our political system is resistant to change does n't mean that major realignments do n't happen . 
  when the yes side lost the scottish independence referendum , the losers quickly coalesced around the snp , propelling them to become the major force in scottish politics . 
  that 's because the independence question became the defining issue in scottish politics . 
  as a consequence , there was a sudden and enormous swing towards the snp in the polls in the immediate aftermath of the referendum . 
  the fact that the 48 % are n't uniting behind a single anti-brexit party ( like the lib dems ) indicates that brexit is not actually such a defining issue in uk politics . 
  great , then the lib dems will no doubt ride to the rescue . 
  after all , if brexit is such a defining issue for the 48 % as you seem to think , i guess we can be expecting them to win a huge number of seats , right ? 
  given that they 've made brexit such a central part of their campaign . 
   and yes mate , remainers were united in wanting to maintain the status quo . 
  yes , they were united . 
  past tense . 
  they happened to agree with each other on one political issue . 
  that 's as far as it goes . 
  being aligned with each other for a one-off referendum does n't make for a political bloc . 
  the tories , who are taking us out of the eu , have been polled on 48 % . 
  no remain-supporting party has polled anywhere near those levels . 
  who exactly is the politically united bloc here ? 
  do n't believe me ? 
  fine . 
  wait until the election and you can see for yourself just how politically united the 48 % really are . 
  you have absolutely no idea about this country , do you ? 
  you 're completely deluded if you think that the 48 % are politically united . 
  it 's a very politically and socially diverse group . 
  [ yes , there are some hardcore remainers , but there are plenty more who have come to terms with the result . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jan/18/bregrets-remainers-polls-leavers-brexit-referendum ) to quote the article i linked :  although a small number of remainers did indeed feel the grief that some commentators observed , overall their views were more ambivalent . 
  by november , a similar number of those who voted remain ( 20 % ) said they had `` come to terms with the result '' , as said they felt `` depressed '' about it ( 22 % ) ; just 5 % agreed that `` brexit can still be averted if the remain side continue to put their case to the public '' . 
  that was five months ago . 
  results like that do n't make for a politically united bloc in the making . 
  i can only wonder how the figures will look given the passage of time . 
  you might really want to see a politically united anti-brexit 48 % sweep to power , but you should n't let your fevered imagination blind you to the reality of the situation . 
   finally , it 's not exactly like the uk has undergone a major change of heart when it comes to brexit . 
  the first few signs of brexit regret were mostly a fluke . 
  it was never real . 
  it was just certain sections of the press trying to spin their own narrative . 
  i do n't doubt that there are some individuals who regret their vote , but it has never been enough to even show up in opinion polls . 
  people should n't believe everything they read on the internet . 
  the problem for the hardcore remainers is that it all becomes a bit `` boy who cried wolf '' . 
  when their more hysterical predictions do n't come to pass , people quite understandably ask why they should believe anything else they say . 
  then when bad things inevitably happen ( as they always do , regardless of our eu status ) it becomes a question of how much of it is down to brexit in the first place . 
  the 48 % are n't an electoral bloc and they never will be . 
  you might have a point if people were voting according to their views on the eu and nothing else , but that 's not happening . 
  and even if it did happen , there 's no reason to assume that the 52 % would n't end up doing the same . 
  same here . 
  i spend too much time reading about politics . 
   well i mean ... is anyone surprised in the least ? 
  brexit voter here . 
  i know a lot of people assume that we 're all shocked and dismayed at this , but i 'm certainly not . 
  it 's to be expected that things would gradually wind down in preparation for our exit . 
  it was obvious that we would no longer have access to eu-exclusive initiatives and i understood that when i voted . 
  that 's exactly how sensible labour people have been feeling for the past two years . 
  plus those of us who do n't necessarily like labour , but want to see a credible opposition . 
   i 'll admit this is a completely different scenario - but they said that about brexit ... [ yes , it 's a completely different scenario . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#2016 ) the difference between the polls during the brexit vote and the polls in this election could not be more stark . 
  seriously , the amount of times i 've had idiots say `` but brexit was a foregone conclusion '' when it really was n't makes me want to go on a fucking killing spree . 
  # it was n't a foregone conclusion . 
  just look at the damn polls aaaaaahhhh, 
  has n't the catalan government been constantly saying this for years ? 
  how will it be any different this time ? 
  * bangs head against wall * [ no . 
  was n't . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum#2016 ), 
   so , if these non brexiteers go libdem , what then ? 
  they wo n't . 
  it would be just as stupid to assume that there 's any more of a chance of that happening than there is of the entire leave vote consolidating around the tories . 
  there is no leave vs remain vote in british politics , that ship has sailed . 
  i 'm sure the lib dems will pick up a few seats , but they 'll still be a relatively minor force in british politics . 
  no , labour are just shit . 
  that 's not to say that the tories do n't have a formidable campaign machine , because they do . 
  but they would n't be set to romp this election if labour were n't so utterly terrible . 
  there 's a theoretical possibility of corbyn winning . 
  but that 's all it is , theoretical . 
   problem is small and mating fish from denmark then wo n't mature and make it to uk waters . 
  [ it 's not quite so clear cut . 
  ] ( https://www.researchgate.net/figure/229404259_fig2_figure-2-spawning-grounds-of-autumn-and-spring-spawning-herring-in-the-north-sea-and ) the largest herring spawning areas are within the uk exclusive economic zone , making up nearly all of the autumn spawners and a fair chunk of the spring spawners . 
  i do n't see why the danes should assume they have some automatic right to those fish . 
   she is coming off as a total hypocrite . 
  that does n't mean that she ca n't do it . 
   while i fully agree about trump and brexit having real chances , do remember that opinion can be quite volatile nonetheless . 
  tory landslide is very likely today , but a lot can change in politics , in a short time . 
  this is not some false hope , just a reminder about unpredictability . 
  i would certainly be open to that possibility if labour had a charismatic and dynamic leader who could think on their feet . 
  basically , everything that corbyn is n't . 
   as a bonus , sturgeon 's decisive victory would further legitimize her push for quick referendum , i suppose ? 
  that one is much harder to predict . 
   plenty of prominent brexiteers like farage and johnson were surprised . 
  there 's a big difference between being surprised at an outcome and thinking that the opposite outcome was always a foregone conclusion .
