  better for them to base policy on genuine evidence . 
  i 'd vote for the tories if it was n't for all this pathetic `` think of the children ! '', 
  prudery . 
  and i have a son . 
  i 'm sure that when he 's older , he 'll end up looking for porn on the internet . 
  or a friend will show it to him . 
  exactly as happened to me when i was a kid . 
  and it 's not the end of the world . 
  if only we had a more david davis-like tory party . 
  if only we had a party that genuinely stood for less government meddling in people 's lives . 
   you know more about nazi history than you know about your own empire !, 
  wait , i thought that british people were completely obsessed with the empire ? 
  i have a hard time keeping up ... 
  the term has fallen out of use in the uk , so it is n't even universal within english speaking countries . 
  in fact , it might only be the us that carries on with the distinction . 
  i was unsure about exactly what it meant , too . 
  it 's basically the most serious crimes . 
  i believe it 's based on whether the crime was a felony . 
  i live there , it 's a nice place . 
  it 's definitely not your stereotypical faded southern seaside town like clacton , hastings or margate . 
  there 's a decent service sector there and it 's even becoming something of a tech hub . 
  i understand that there 's an excellent nightlife , though i 'm not into that . 
  you see foreign students all over the place and the university seems to be doing very well , if the constant construction work is anything to go by . 
  there 's even a bit of light industry too , with sunseeker yachts being made in poole ( there 's an increasingly thin distinction between bournemouth , poole and christchurch , it 's really all just one big conurbation ) . 
  decent shopping too , most of the big chains are covered . 
  and the best beaches in britain . 
  i 'd say the bad part is the cost of housing . 
  the place attracts plenty of retirees and second home owners , along with landlords who want to rent places out to students . 
  you also get a few ropey areas like boscombe , but that is true everywhere . 
  overall , i think it 's a damn good place to live . 
  even though i voted leave , a small part of me would like to see the events described in that column actually occur . 
  you have to admit , it would be fun . 
  much of it depends on what country you live in . 
  plenty of us eurosceptics are willing to admit that the eu has done some good stuff . 
  you 'd have to be a fanatical zealot to deny that . 
  it 's just a question of whether or not the good stuff outweighs the bad . 
  a sales executive who ca n't even form coherent sentences ... seems legit . 
   but the `` irish nation '' is n't . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  there 's a bunch of people living in ireland who think they 're mystically connected , and some goes for other countries . 
  there 's nothing mystical about the connection . 
  people from ireland , just like their counterparts elsewhere in europe , feel more of a connection with their compatriots than with foreigners . 
  connections of shared statehood , culture and ancestry will always count for as long as people hold onto those connections . 
  you might not like it , but your ideal of a federal europe does n't change that . 
  you 're always going to be in the minority on this one . 
  that one 's even better because the user actually changed the flair to `` european federation '' . 
  a whole different level of delusion . 
  i do n't see why we should n't laugh at amnesty international 's stupidity . 
  maybe they could take this as a lesson about the folly of campaigning to protect the rights of the sort of people who would have you jailed or killed . 
  i doubt they will , though ... 
  my personal favourite is `` the road to hell is paved with good intentions '' . 
  it 's to be expected . 
  i imagine that the senate president of bremen spoke at the european parliament , he probably would n't get a huge audience , even though he presides over an economy and population that is many times larger than the marshall islands . 
  i have nothing against the marshall islands , but the place is pretty inconsequential to the vast majority of people in the world . 
  the leaders of the us and china get listened to more than the uk prime minister , and i see no need to get bent out of shape over it . 
  travel expenses are a thing . 
  so those meps are probably saving quite a bit of money by not showing up . 
  i believe that the non-proliferation treaty allows existing nuclear powers to modernise their current nuclear programs . 
  it does n't allow countries to start a nuclear program or expand an existing one , so no extra warheads are allowed . 
  to do that , you have to violate or withdraw from the treaty . 
  they 'd have to violate the non-proliferation treaty to do that . 
  or rip it up entirely . 
  if it was all down to the elites , we would n't have voted to leave the eu at all . 
  hell , we would n't even have had a vote on the matter . 
  the political and business elites were overwhelmingly against leaving the eu . 
  i definitely think that hermann goering would have done a lot of shitposting on twitter . 
  not to the extent of germany . 
  in the uk , it 's mostly been the occasional vague and utterly moronic remark from a politician , which gets blown out of proportion by clickbait websites with headlines that reddit all too willingly laps up . 
  for example , contrary to popular belief , there are no proposals to ban or limit encryption in the uk . 
  on the other hand , germany has taken much more concrete steps to limit freedom of speech than the uk ever has . 
   yep , corbyn attempts to punish those who do n't vote like he wants them to . 
  no , he was punishing them for voting against the labour manifesto . 
  that would happen in any political party . 
  the ones on this sub do seem particularly angry with us over brexit , do n't they ? 
  much more so than people from other countries . 
  i ca n't really understand why so many of them are even bothered about the issue , it 's not like we give them a second thought . 
  the only people that have let the region down are the people who live there . 
  why should it be the rest of europe 's responsibility to sort their shit out ? 
  a lot of the countries that voted against us are recipients of uk humanitarian aid . 
  that should end . 
  that does n't absolve the bodyguards of their responsibility . 
  if a mob boss gets his hired goons to beat someone up , those goons will still get sent to prison . 
  those bodyguards were acting like criminals and should be treated accordingly . 
  from what i 've seen of the videos of how these guys behave , calling them bodyguards seems to attach a level of dignity that they do n't deserve . 
  you ca n't compare these guys to the likes of the us secret service . 
  they 're nothing more than hired thugs . 
  i could probably get bodyguards of that calibre by popping down to a typical rough uk pub and handing some cash to the patrons . 
  sensible decision by germany . 
   i see no difference between torturing done by your own nation , and deporting to a country that you know for certain will torture the criminal . 
  fair enough , but many people will disagree with you on that one . 
  i like to see it more as washing our hands of a person . 
   people have the right to not be tortured . 
  this would violate that right . 
  i absolutely agree that a person should have a right not to be tortured . 
  in an ideal world it would never happen in the first place . 
  but all rights require somebody to uphold them . 
  so it raises the question of who has the responsibility to uphold those rights . 
  personally , i do n't think that it should be the responsibility of the british government to protect the rights of a foreign national who has been committing crimes against our society . 
  i do n't think that 's a particularly controversial position . 
  but it 's true .
