  i have n't said anything either way about whether or not immigration is good for the country . 
  i was looking at things more from the perspective of ordinary people . 
  if you 're an ordinary person in a high unemployment area and you see newly arrived immigrants getting scarce jobs , why should you care about the supposed benefits of immigration ? 
  the situation in calais is more down to the uk being a soft touch . 
  if we had a reputation of being much tougher and more ruthless , it would be a different story . 
  even if immigration provides a net benefit to the country , that is n't the last word . 
  for example , if the main beneficiaries of immigration are wealthy employers , why should ordinary workers care ? 
  i do n't think you can really call it a dispute because a dispute involves two sides . 
  most british people are n't even aware of it . 
  besides , if the irish get butthurt about it , we could always review the naming of the irish sea . 
  would n't want to imply irish ownership of it now , would we ? 
  why stop at stuff made in israeli settlements ? 
  surely there 's just as strong an argument for the special labeling of goods made in chinese tibet , moroccan-administered western sahara , indian kashmir or armenian-occupied nagorno-karabakh ? 
  anybody would think they 're fixated on the israelis . 
  but i thought is was only us nasty anglo-saxons who got up to this sort of stuff !, 
   france is a fucking scumbag for what it does in calais . 
  nah , they 're just being clever . 
  we 're the ones responsible for this . 
  we 're the ones who make it attractive for illegal immigrants to move here . 
  when you go leaving out cheese , it should n't be a surprise when you get mice . 
  the french are just shuffling them away to the country that 's causing this problem . 
  we could put an end to the camps in calais if we made life utterly intolerable for any migrants that manage to sneak in . 
  it makes perfect sense for the french to force these migrants to endure squalid conditions . 
  it makes them more likely to leave france and attempt to enter the uk . 
  i do n't blame the french for doing it , the uk should have a bit more sense and take a leaf out of their book . 
  make life sufficiently unbearable for the ones who arrive here so fewer migrants even try to make the journey . 
  it 's different for `` people of the book '' ( that is christians , jews and samaritans ) . 
  male muslims are allowed to marry non-muslim women if they 're people of the book . 
  though not vice versa . 
  i think it would be foolhardy for either country to give it up . 
  just because we do n't have a pressing need for them right now does n't mean we wo n't at some point in future . 
  the political order can change very quickly , much quicker than it takes to build a new nuclear weapons program from scratch . 
  i do n't want my country to be in a position where it could face nuclear blackmail at some point in future . 
  all lands were uninhabited before people from elsewhere found and settled them . 
  the falkland islanders have just as much right to describe themselves as a native population as aboriginal australians or native americans . 
  or is it only non-white people that get the right to be described as native ? 
   without this , they 're no longer a nuclear power . 
  technically , we could still be classed as a nuclear power given that we would continue to possess nuclear weapons . 
  though obviously , it would have no military credibility whatsoever . 
  maybe we could fix the warheads into some of our air-launched cruise missiles like the [ storm shadow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/storm_shadow ) or the upcoming [ perseus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perseus_%28missile%29 ) ( or even submarine launched , nuclear armed tomahawks , but that would probably be difficult ) but their capabilities would be vastly inferior . 
   because learning different languages also teaches you about the culture of the place you are learning the language from ( the two are deeply connected ) , its also a means for further integration and should lead to greater cooperation within europe !, 
  i 've always been in favour of improved language learning . 
  good for business and makes it easier to spy on people . 
   but yes its mostly to the detriment of the english if they stay monolingual , but ca n't i care about the good of other people aswell ? 
  we can worry about ourselves . 
   also it would help some of the countries that are especially proud of their language ( like the french or admitettly some of us germans ) accept the desicion to make english the linguae franca ... 
  it strikes me as strange to be proud of your language . 
  to me , my language is what it is . 
   and still all i did is stating my opinion , its not like i forced anyone to do anything ... yet =p no , but you clearly think that british people should be forced to learn other languages , even if they do n't want to . 
  why should you care if native english speakers have to learn a second language or not ? 
  personally i think that there should more of an emphasis on foreign language learning in schools , but if we stay monolingual then it 's only to our disadvantage so why is it your problem ? 
  the only way you 'd ever get the french to agree to a common eu language would be if that language was french . 
  we might be the arrogant monoglot anglo-saxons but the french are only pissed that it is n't their language that 's the dominant one . 
  i believe the welsh church act 1914 which disestablished the church of england in wales was one of the first acts of parliament ( if not the first ) that specifically applied to wales . 
  until then , wales never had a separate legal identity to england . 
  from the article :  `` we signed a letter today , '' poland 's grzegorz schetyna said . 
  and that 's as far as it will go unless they 're willing to increase military spending . 
  there 's a name i though i 'd never see again . 
  and hey , i did n't , at least not until i read your post . 
  what a joke that was !, 
  i do n't think that you can say the germans were genuinely nicer at colonialism than the british . 
  obviously leopold was in a league of his own , but i do n't think that you can really compare british and german colonialism . 
  british colonialism was much older and more widespread . 
  what little we saw from the germans was n't exactly gentle . 
  yes . 
  i just think that laws like the european convention on human rights are far too broad and can be interpreted based on nothing more than the judge 's own opinions . 
  i definitely would n't want a judiciary as powerful as in the us . 
  no need to be defensive , i 'm completely neutral on the issue of catalan independence . 
  i just thought it was an interesting article . 
  whether or not the right to self-determination is recognised under international law does influence the practicalities . 
  it does mean that if madrid tries to obstruct any declarations of independence , it 's unlikely that they will be the subject of any international pressure . 
  it 's one of the reasons i support pulling out of the echr . 
  we could have been forced to change our entire campaign law just because of some vague interpretations by a cabal of 17 people . 
  that is n't democracy , it 's oligarchy . 
  i do n't want these people to have any power over my country . 
  [ here 's an interesting post from a scottish independence supporter and law lecturer . 
  ] ( http://lallandspeatworrier.blogspot.co.uk/2015/03/jockophobia.html ) he is of the opinion that there is no legal to right to secession under international law . 
  perhaps , but ( depending on the countries in question , obviously ) i would imagine it to be significantly closer to the latter than to the former . 
  moving from finland to greece might not take you through any manned border posts , but that wo n't seriously diminish the obvious cultural and political differences . 
  we 're still a fair way off from the eu being considered a single state . 
  obviously the eu is more than just a trading bloc , but that does n't give it the full status of nationhood just yet . 
  given the shared institutions and closer cultures , i 'm pretty sure that moving from england to scotland is a bit less of a step than moving from england to greece . 
  in answer to your question , the answer is yes , but only on iplayer . 
  there are regional differences in programming , with some programmes not being shown across the whole uk , but they are available on iplayer . 
  it takes a very special kind of person to emigrate and then complain that they ca n't get all the things they want from their home country . 
  there are more important things at stake here than whether or not you can keep up with things from home . 
  i tend to stay away from sites that insist on knowing my name . 
  they have no reason to know who i am . 
   the people of saudi arabia are in essence no different from the british , the only thing we have in common with the saudis is that we belong to the same species . 
  in culture and social attitudes they could n't be much more different . 
   furthermore , it should be obvious to anyone that if the saudi people were freer and happier , that would benefit everyone , everywhere . 
  maybe the majority of them do n't want to be free ? 
  maybe their whole conception of `` freedom '' means something very different to ours ? 
  i agree . 
  a scottish political journalist remarked that the eu referendum is shaping up to be a bigger budget rerun of the scottish independence referendum and i think he 's right on that . 
  the confederation of british industry came out against scottish independence and is also against british eu withdrawal . 
  during the scottish independence campaign a pro-independence business group called business for scotland was formed . 
  for businesses favouring eu withdrawal , we now have business for britain . 
  i imagine that the pro-eu side will be reading the scottish no campaign playbook very closely . 
   it 's cool that being ` european ' is actually a thing .
