  plenty of lofty rhetoric , but the six strategic initiatives listed are just more of the same . 
  more top-down bureaucratic interference in member states . 
  what is especially pernicious is the idea of interfering in the education systems of member states in a desperate attempt to foster an artificial european identity . 
  once again , we see the the eu official 's prescription for every problem that the continent faces : more eu . 
  reminds me of the british anarchists who went to calais to stir up trouble . 
  depending on where you live in the uk , it 's not all that unusual to find left hand drive vehicles . 
  i see them from time to time where i live in the south of england . 
  mostly visiting foreigners , you can always tell by the number plates . 
  cyprus and malta , too . 
  it 's quite simple . 
  i want american tourists to come and spend their money in the uk . 
  given that there 's a near enough nonexistent risk of them overstaying , and they grant visa-free travel to us , it makes sense for us to make it as easy as possible for them to visit . 
  i do n't want to screw over my country 's tourist sector just to placate those european countries whose citizens ca n't seem to avoid overstaying . 
  we need to be able to order our tapas , paella or lager when we 're over there . 
  i can only speak for myself here , but my perception of the eu would only improve if it made these changes : * abolish membership fees beyond the relatively small amount needed to maintain the orgaisation 's headquarters . 
  * abolish the european commission and european parliament , making all negotiations strictly intergovernmental . 
  * adopt a policy of strict non-interference in the internal affairs of member states . 
  * abolish freedom of movement across europe . 
  * gradually wind down the single currency . 
  * end all trappings of statehood , such as flags or anthems . 
  * ditch the idea of european military integration . 
  basically , it would require the eu to retreat into being a pure trade bloc . 
  of course , for all those to happen it would mean that the eu would become completely unrecognisable , so i realise that it wo n't ever happen . 
  which is why i will be voting to leave the eu . 
  we can spice things up by adding a bit of richard littlejohn and jim davidson into the mix . 
  we 've made perfectly reasonable attempts at reforming the eu before . 
  blair even gave away part of our rebate in an attempt to secure reform of the common agricultural policy . 
  we got nothing . 
  you ca n't negotiate in good faith with the eu . 
  all the look for is an opportunity to screw us . 
  daddy trump is exceeding all expectations . 
  \u250c ( \u0ca0 \u203f \u0ca0 ) \u2518 we need british version of trump !, 
  #make britiain great again !, 
  the whole idea of the uk leading europe is something that 's designed to appeal to our national pride to try and keep us in the eu . 
  the rest of the eu will never listen to us . 
  the only times they do listen to us are when we force them to listen to us by wielding a veto . 
  edit : spelling . 
  the uk does n't really have a long tradition of powerful elected mayors . 
  most local authorities are run by a council leader , who is the councillor that can command the support of the majority of the council . 
  it 's similar to the way that a prime minister is a member of parliament that can command the support of the majority of parliament . 
  we have lord mayors too , but they 're purely ceremonial , in the way that the queen is . 
  it 's only in recent years that we 've stated having elected mayors . 
  best way to look at it is like this : * council leader : mini prime minister * elected mayor : mini president * lord mayor : mini monarch, 
  given the amount of times i 've heard clueless europeans on this sub go on about the empire , this is an article they could do with reading . 
  the truth is that most british people are indifferent to europe and the rest of the world . 
  they 're not interesting in influencing them . 
  there was never any realistic possiblity of the uk jumping into bed with russia . 
  we 'll launder whatever cash their klepocrats need to stow away , but that 's as far as it goes . 
  it 's exactly this . 
  the snp has been slowly but surely backing away from its more pro-eu rhetoric . 
  they 're certainly trying to leverage the eu to stir up grievances . 
  but sturgeon knows that scottish people , while being more pro-eu than their english counterparts , are n't in love with the institution . 
  nobody should be shocked if they try to push for a norway-type relationship with the eu . 
  yep . 
  just some holyrood gimp who managed to get signatures from a bunch of political nobodies . 
  `` grasping at straws '' is a term that springs to mind . 
   as a linux user , i 'm still not convinced linux can replace windows for the general public , i agree , they should use openbsd instead . 
  there are plans to give the northern ireland assembly powers over corporation tax . 
  i see no reason why a devolved gibraltar parliament as part of the uk could n't be given the same powers . 
  heh , i was just thinking of that scene when i read that post . 
  though it says that the video is blocked in my country on copyright grounds . 
   a few of those would have been stopped by the eu and its courts ( e.g. 
  death penalty ) . 
  we abolished capital punishment well before we joined the eu . 
  our abolition of capital punishment has absolutely nothing to do with europe . 
  and that 's one reason why i expect that rejoining the eu will only be a fringe political position . 
   while i can understand some wanting the death penalty , i 've never heard a leave supporter mention any of the others ... just because a person does n't bang on about something does n't mean that they 're against it . 
  i 'm a leave voter and if asked about blue passports my response would be along the lines of `` sure , why not ? '' . 
  though i do n't support any of the other stuff . 
  in five years the question will no longer be whether or not we should remain in the eu . 
  it will be whether or not we should join . 
  that will be an entirely different proposition . 
  no , i was referring to erdogan . 
  berlusconi was no autocrat . 
  nor does he seem to age . 
  probably all the cosmetic surgery . 
  autocrats just grow up so fast , do n't they ? 
  ( \u25d5 \u1d17 \u25d5 \u273f ), 
   in all my real life discussion of the topic , i 've never once heard someone state that wanting an empire again was why they voted leave . 
  in fact , most people i 've spoken to who voted leave would rather have more isolationist policy ( not getting involved in other people 's wars , less foreign aid ) than anything remotely like an empire . 
  this is one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  my ideal role for the uk on the world stage would be for us to be like a nuclear-armed switzerland . 
  i know that we 're never going to be a world power again , and i 'm absolutely fine with that . 
  if we 're not going to be a world power , then we should avoid getting involved in anybody else 's problems . 
  7-zip is better anyway . 
  phew , looks like we 're not the only people who are governed by technologically illiterate imbeciles . 
   may i ask if that just happens to be that particular subreddit or is the majority of the uk actually like that ? 
  it 's definitely the subreddit . 
  i remember during the last general election there was a mock election there . 
  it showed more green part voters than conservatives . 
  the place is a joke and the posters there are completely out of touch with reality . 
  american , actually . 
  murdoch is a naturalised us citizen and has most of his business is based there . 
  i would n't count on that . 
  there will be plenty of grey areas over which aspects of our economic performance will be influenced by brexit . 
  expecting humane treatment from the likes of the taliban ? 
  pretty moronic , i 'd say . 
  you ca n't question whether or not our soldiers would be treated inhumanely by these `` people '' , the answer is self-evident . 
  absolutely . 
  i just thought that asking about whether or not we can expect our soldiers to be treated humanely was a moronic thing to say , given that we ca n't expect that anyway .
