  international relations are all about power , and erdogan can clearly see that he 's the one wielding the power right now . 
  he might as well exploit the weakness of europe 's spineless `` leaders '' . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i 'm certainly not an expert on the situation in corsica , but i 've often heard about the prevalence of organised crime on the island . 
  france has got it all . 
  you could holiday exclusively in france for the rest of your life and still not run out of things to see and do . 
  this . 
  i ca n't imagine how utterly exasperated you turks must feel , and with good reason . 
  these eu officials are utter lunatics , they 've taken complete leave of their senses . 
  i think that this article helps to disprove the notion that we hear from many pro-migrant campaigners that there 's nothing we can do to stop these people . 
  clearly there is . 
  if migrants are returning home over relatively trivial problems like the price of cigarettes or the weather then imagine the results you could get if you set out to make life really miserable for them . 
  make it clear to these people that they wo n't get even the tiniest amount of assistance from the state . 
  if they find themselves unable to access housing , healthcare , education welfare or employment then word would quickly return to their home countries . 
  not many would come . 
  border security for europe is a distraction . 
  better to remove all the `` pull factors '' that have the effect of incentivising migration . 
  it 's so much easier when they do n't even want to come . 
  the problem is that `` temporary '' shelter often turns into something very different . 
  also , even relatively modest housing ( by western standards ) could act as an incentive for migration . 
  if you made it clear that the only housing that awaits them is underneath a bridge then they might reconsider even trying to come to europe . 
  sounds like it could have been written by him . 
  the west wing was about as realistic as a fairy tale and this speech is in the same mould . 
  there 's about as much chance of me being elected pope as there is of democratic leadership in syria . 
  if we did try to stand up for their rights , the very same people would probably end up whinging about us interfering in their culture . 
  the idea is that foreign national offenders get deported at the end of their sentences . 
  once they 're released , they get put on a plane and sent home . 
  at least that 's how it works in theory . 
  it would certainly be tricky , but i think that implications for the northern ireland peace process are so great that some sort of cack-handed solution would have to be worked out . 
  the only circumstances where i could envisage the end of the common travel area would be if northern ireland joined the republic or ireland while the uk left the eu . 
  as things stand , i think that the situation in northern ireland would necessitate the continuation of the common travel area . 
  it would be just too much of a political headache for us to erect borders in ireland . 
  not really . 
  if you commit a crime in a country , you get punished in that country . 
  when we convict foreign criminals in the uk , any prison sentence is spent in a uk prison . 
  that is the norm in any country . 
  i 'm aware of how obsessive the muslim world 's social inadequates are about the palestinian cause , but i still do n't think that the situation is quite so pressing on us that there 's an imperative to start shoveling money into the palestinian territories . 
  the masses might be obsessively anti-israel , but that sentiment is n't necessarily shared by the governments . 
  let 's take the saudis as an example ; they might spew a bit of anti-israel rhetoric every once in a while to placate the ignorant rabble , but they 're more than happy to trade with countries that are very friendly with israel . 
  the world has changed a lot since the oil embargo . 
  also , i do n't think that we should give terrorists a veto on our foreign policy . 
  that would set a very bad precedent . 
   i do kind of like the simplicity of using some sort of income level as a flat `` is there demand for this profession '' metric . 
  it 's because # 35,000 is about the wage it normally takes for somebody to become a net contributor to the uk treasury . 
  obviously it 's an imperfect method , given that it does n't take into account individual circumstances or the exact nature of each profession . 
  but arbitrary categorisations are the norm for societies across the world . 
  countries set drinking ages and military enlistment ages at completely arbitrary numbers , but we do so because we need to find a sensible cut off point and there is n't a realistic alternative . 
   that being said , it does seem like it 's prone to kickbacks , where someone would be making $ 40k/year and their employer pays them $ 50k/year and expects them to , via various mechanisms , pay $ 10k/year back . 
  even if that happened , it would n't make much of a difference to the uk treasury . 
  we have a pay as you earn ( paye ) system for income tax and national insurance , so the treasury would still receive the full amount of tax for the wage of # 35,000 or more . 
  obviously it can vary according to individual circumstances , but # 35,000 is roughly the wage that it takes for someone to start becoming a net contributor to the uk treasury . 
  i do n't think that it 's unreasonable for a country to only accept foreign workers who are net contributors . 
  i ca n't see it applying to the irish . 
  our common travel area predates the eu . 
  i 'm quite aware of the nature of international diplomacy , but i still ca n't see how aiding the palestinians is in any way in the interests of europeans . 
  it 's not like the place is some sort of economic powerhouse that we need to trade with . 
  what natural resources are there in the palestinian territories ? 
  it 's not as if it 's a wealthy part of the world that buys european goods . 
  admiration ? 
  more like incredulity . 
  i do n't think that you will find too many british people who would object to the french authorities coming down very hard on these people . 
  why is the eu even getting involved in this ? 
  i certainly do n't see why they should be blowing eu taxpayers ' money on bankrolling construction projects there . 
   if this is what dave thinks will persuade the people on the fence , the vote leave campaign will be happy . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm in favour of brexit , but i was expecting something a little better than this . 
  i thought that maybe cameron might just get something that , while still not really changing anything , might be enough to sway the undecided voters . 
  i do n't think there 's much danger of that happening . 
  they do n't . 
  but then , it is from the national . 
  i would n't take too much notice of anything that newspaper prints . 
  it has about as much credibility as rt. 
  er , yes . 
  i 'm very much aware that the daily mash is a satirical website . 
  i know that cameron has n't literally secured us the rights to leftover sandwiches . 
  but satire has a certain grain of truth in it . 
  it 's obvious to everyone that cameron 's renegotiation is a joke and this satirical article is making fun of it . 
  many newspapers have been quite hostile to this deal , too . 
  number of reasons . 
  one is money . 
  we pay a great deal of money into the eu and receive very little in return . 
  much of that money is spent on white elephant infrastructure projects and moving the european parliament needlessly from brussels to strasbourg . 
  another is control of our borders . 
  as long as any country can grant eu citizenship to anybody they like , we have effectively no say on who can enter . 
  i also do n't see why people from continental europe should be given a more privileged position relative to other eu nationals . 
  then there 's the common agricultural policy and the fisheries policy . 
  i also feel that the eu is governed largely in the interests of germany and france . 
  i do n't think that there 's a realistic chance of any of these things changing . 
  that would be under the sexual offences act 2003 . 
  that law bans people from going abroad to have sex with children , but it only applies to those who are under the jurisdiction of uk legal systems . 
  so it only applies to citizens and residents of the uk . 
  i imagine that it is similar in other western countries . 
  if you were to apply such laws universally , you would end up with a situation where the uk would claim jurisdiction over every single child sex crime in the world , regardless of whether or not a british citizen was involved in some way . 
  that would be unworkable . 
  you mean that we 'll be able to control migration if the benevolent eu permits us to do so ? 
  how generous of them . 
  i do n't want the uk to remain in the eu . 
  i 'm a brexit supporter . 
   the last agreement , the lisbon treaty , was signed up to be a labour government elected in 2005 on the basis that it would have a referendum on that agreement . 
  technically they did n't .
