  perhaps one eu country should give this approach a try ? 
  it would certainly settle the matter . 
   the last thing you want though is to turn our islands into a military ground , using the army should be the last resort . 
  only when it 's your own people we 're talking about . 
  when uninvited interlopers are causing civil unrest , no country should have any qualms about deploying its army against them . 
  nah , not really . 
  i 'm not exactly mr. liberal here when it comes to immigration and multiculturalism , but i have to admit that there 's a big difference between an educated , westernised pakistani from lahore or islamabad and an inbred , illiterate cretin from mirpur or kashmir . 
  unfortunately we were far too lax with our immigration policies on this one . 
   for example , if cameron would come out and say the uk will take 100k this year if the eu agrees to a certain common policy on immigration , that could work and give the uk an opportunity to set some rules . 
  they 'd happily see us take 100k migrants , then shit all over us in the ensuing negotiations . 
  not falling for that one . 
  from what i 've heard the problem is n't so much a specifically pakistani one ( or especially not an `` asian '' one , as some of the media ludicrously describe it ) , but a mirpuri one . 
  i heard a pakistani describe them as the hillbillies of their country . 
  i hope we 'll be joining you in your `` in europe , out of the eu '' club soon . 
  oh yes . 
  good for the garden , though . 
  my sunflowers came up beautifully this year . 
  it seems that israel is n't run by morons , unlike many european countries . 
  it worked for the inner german border . 
  of course a fence on its own wo n't help , it needs to be actively guarded , but that does n't mean that it 's pointless to build one . 
  this . 
  better to avoid the problems entirely by not letting them into your country at all . 
  nice and easy . 
  we opted out of it in 1992 . 
  if you want to blame someone , blame your own government for not opting out . 
  as you did n't opt out of it , the only way for your country to do this now would be to fully withdraw from the eu . 
  i do n't expect david cameron to solve the migrant crisis . 
  i know it 's completely beyond him or any other european leader . 
  it is n't his job anyway , his job is to keep them out of the uk . 
  if he can achieve this , he has fulfilled his responsibilities to his country . 
  he is responsible to the british people and nobody else . 
  to think that we in the uk have often been accused of arrogance . 
  germany 's arrogance during this crisis has been utterly staggering . 
   okay , but polls have said that scotland was about to leave the uk very few . 
  during the campaign there were only three polls ( out of over 80 ) that showed scotland as voting to leave the uk . 
  one of them was a year old and two of them had dodgy methodologies . 
  they were most likely outliers , within the margin of error . 
  of course , this poll may be an outlier . 
  but polls showing public support for leaving the eu are nothing new , we just have n't had too many recently . 
  i 'm a bit of a polling geek and i have n't seen any discrepancies in survation 's methodology that makes me distrust them more than other polling companies . 
  they 're a member of the british polling council and have to abide by their transparency rules . 
  their results are in line with other pollsters , too . 
   how about 200k ?!, 
  how about no ? 
  if you want to commit national suicide then go right ahead , but do n't act like you 've got the right to drag the rest of europe down with you . 
  your idiot leader decided to put out the welcome mat for them , so your country can take them . 
  all of them . 
  your leader dropped the ball on all of europe , so she has no right to turn around and make demands on everyone else . 
  you can forget about your `` solidarity '' , when we all know it really means the rest of europe doing whatever germany tells them to do . 
  i would rather show solidarity with eastern europe over this . 
   gaining from green voters is just going to lose any centre ground supporters they have ... not enough green voters , either . 
  they got less than 4 % of the vote in the last election and that was their highest total ever . 
   corbyn will be labours downfall if you ask me you and anybody else who has n't joined his cult-like following . 
  he 's electoral poison and will lead his party into oblivion . 
  i doubt he 's lying , though . 
  what he says chimes with my own experiences . 
  i 've heard very little pro-immigration and pro-refugee stuff in my daily life . 
  if the topic is ever talked about , it 's nearly always been in hostile terms . 
   if the only thing you care about is being rich , then good for you ... 
  most british people do n't have major ambitions , it 's only our leaders that have delusions of grandeur . 
  most of us just want to left alone on a prosperous little island and for nobody else to bother us . 
   seriously , why would you leave if you can fix this great thing from the inside . 
  well , many of use do n't think it 's particularly great . 
  plus , do you really think it can be fixed ? 
  even if it could be fixed , do you think that anybody would listen to us ? 
  the eu is beyond saving . 
  the snp is still riding high in the polls . 
  it 's pretty much certain that the snp is going to win the election . 
  the best the other parties could do is remove the snp 's majority , but even that looks a little unlikely by the current polling figures . 
   ** there is no deterrent strong enough ** to keep these people out . 
  i think that you 're being overly defeatist . 
  you 're correct to address the push factors , but they work hand in hand with the pull factors . 
  migrants come to europe because they know that their standard of living will drastically improve . 
  if countries worked to ensure that uninvited migrants ended up in conditions that are as bad as ( or worse than ) un refugee camps , the pull factors would be eliminated . 
  there are many ways you can do this , including refusing access to all forms of public services , sentencing employers and landlords to long prison sentences and asset forfeiture , extended stays in immigration detention centres , etc. 
  under such circumstances , word would soon get back to their friends and families that life for an uninvited migrants in europe is quite dreadful . 
  it all depends on what you consider to be your government 's duty . 
  if you believe ( as i do ) that your government 's duty is to defend the interests of its citizens and protect them from all possible threats , the answer to your question is yes . 
  some good points there , and something that we saw played out during the scottish independence campaign . 
  pro-independence campaigners often made a big deal of talking up how supposedly closely an independent scotland would be integrated into the eu . 
  the reasoning being that independence would seem like a less drastic step this way , making the whole thing more palatable to the nervous undecided voters . 
  there was quite a big deal about whether or not an independent scotland would automatically be in the eu or whether or not it would have to apply like any other new member . 
  of course everyone would want to be on good terms with an independent catalonia , but the spanish government ultimately holds most of the cards . 
  if they were to drag their heels , contradicting any catalan declarations of independence and using their diplomatic pressure to dissuade other countries from recognising an independent catalonia , it would be difficult for other countries to see the issue as being in their interests . 
  politics is about power , and the spanish government currently wields a great deal more than the catalan regional government . 
  none of those countries made genuine commitments to supporting catalan independence , it was just the usual words in support of `` dialogue '' . 
  two of the links were also from a pro-independence website which , while not invalidating the story , does indicate that they were looking to put a certain spin on the words . 
  spain might not be the most powerful country in europe , but it retains a certain level of clout and other european countries probably would n't want to piss them off when there 's nothing to be gained . 
  i very much doubt that my own country would want to get involved in it . 
  i 'm neutral , but i would n't want the uk to needlessly pick a fight with spain over the issue . 
  forgive me if i 'm not thrilled at the prospect of more welfare dependent people entering the country . 
  i do n't have a great deal of faith in germany 's willingness to enforce its restrictions . 
  you only need to look at the gastarbeiter program of the 60s and 70s where `` temporary '' workers ( many from turkey ) were allowed to work in germany , on the understanding that they would return home after a certain amount of time . 
  they ended up bringing their families and never left germany . 
  i doubt that they 'll be any different now , and i doubt that we would , either . 
  wo n't happen . 
  that would be seen as an infringement of their rights . 
  plus ( as far as i know ) , they 'll be entitled to citizenship after five years , so they 'll be able to go where they want then . 
   that 's what makes europe great . 
  christianity in sub-saharan africa is just as violent and disgusting as islam in the middle east .
