  they 're often more prosperous middle classes . 
  it 's likely that the standards of living that they experienced in their home countries will be at the very least comparable to life in many rural parts of europe . 
  quite possibly better . 
  these people have n't paid thousands of euros to traffickers to live in neglected villages . 
  there 's a reason that these places are empty . 
  if you 're a world leader then you need to expect that anyone and everyone will be trying to bug you . 
  especially if you 're a country of even middling importance . 
  if your communications security is so mediocre that all this can go under your nose then you only have yourselves to blame . 
  if germany did n't insist on running their intelligence agencies on shoestring budgets then they would n't be so vulnerable . 
  nothing like cracking open a cold one , amirite ? 
  it 's all these people have got . 
  they ca n't win on the strength of their arguments , so they resort to insults . 
  but all they do is display their own ignorance ; our debate has nothing to do with the empire . 
   ep elections are the same as the uk elections . 
   you do n't vote for a party , you do n't vote for a pm , you vote for your local candidate , the party with the most local candidates wins . 
  nope . 
  the eu parliament is elected under a closed list system . 
  you vote for the party , not the candidate . 
  well , that 's disappointing . 
  i thought it was only us eu-sceptics who were supposed to be ignorant about the internal workings of the eu . 
  or maybe you 're too young to have ever voted . 
  i 'm aware of the rebate . 
  but do n't act like the rebate amounts to the rest of the eu subsidising the uk . 
  as long as we 're a net contributor , it means that we 're subsidising the eu , and we contribute more money than any country bar germany . 
  even with the rebate . 
  so do n't pretend that the derisory rebate that we get amounts to the eu being so very generous to give us money . 
  it was our money in the first place . 
  the problem is that `` play an active role '' really translates to `` dance to france and germany 's tune '' . 
  if we were to play a more active role in protecting our own interests , there would be a great deal of bitching about it . 
   but i can \u00b4 t handle the `` what are you thinking about . 
  tell me you loveeee me , and that you need me '' anymore . 
  outside of the internet , i do n't really think that is the case . 
  the terms of the debate are almost entirely focused on the uk 's interests . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  but there 's no prospect of that ever changing any time soon . 
  there 's never going to be any meaningful reform of the eu , which is one reason among many why we should leave . 
   they never minded the people of the continent subsidising the uk membership . 
  are you serious ? 
  the uk is the second largest net contributor to eu 's budget behind germany . 
  you might not think that we 're paying enough , but we 're still putting more money into the bloc than we 're taking out . 
  a lot more . 
  i personally do n't think that anybody owes anyone anything in this debate . 
  but if anybody owed anything then it would be the rest of the eu that owes us . 
  it 's a win-win situation for boris . 
  if the uk votes to leave , he 'll be triumphant and claim the success for himself . 
  if the uk votes to remain , it will be seen as a glorious defeat and while he wo n't have won the battle , he will be looked upon very favourably by the tory grassroots and many of the backbenchers . 
   i hate the uk for mocking up in european politics . 
  they are not as important as they always picture themselves . 
  actually noone cares . 
  oh , come on now . 
  we know that you care really . 
  it 's fine , honestly . 
  it 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  in fact , it 's a perfectly natural thing . 
  just embrace it . 
  relax as you close your eyes to sleep and you see the union flag fluttering gracefully in the wind before you drift off peacefully . 
  i 'm not sure that she really wants a referendum so quickly . 
  it 's not like the economic case for independence has improved any since the previous one ( if anything it 's the opposite with the oil price ) . 
  sturgeon will probably want to bide her time and hold a referendum at a time of her own choosing rather than let herself be forced into holding one prematurely due to events outside of her control . 
  all the more reason to give her a referendum in the event of brexit . 
  the uk being outside the eu will raise a whole new and uncomfortable set of questions for the snp . 
  [ there was an interesting tweet on the issue from a journalist . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/jgforsyth/status/701336860509995009 ) i agree with him ; the snp wo n't be able to say `` well , we 'll all be in the eu anyway so the open border situation will be just like normal '' . 
  six days would be more accurate . 
  the snp thrive on grievance . 
  i know what you mean . 
  before the uk joined the eu , we were all just banging rocks together to start fires in our caves . 
  it 's not like we 've ever invented a damn thing , after all . 
   why does the average brit get a vote , while the average eu citizen does n't get a vote ? 
  because we 're super special . 
  we can do what we like and there 's nothing that you can do about it . 
  we have n't decided yet . 
  we 'll let you know once we make up our mind . 
  bigger landmass . 
  about double what we have now . 
  i 'd add a big bit that pokes out into the atlantic from land 's end . 
  some of the salty comments here are just wonderful . 
  you have people reacting like spurned lovers . 
  the next four months are going to be great fun . 
  maybe they 'll surprise me . 
  maybe all these european leaders will club together to kick the uk out . 
  i would n't count on it , though . 
  it 's one of the perks of being one of the major net contributors to the eu 's budget , as well as one of its largest economies and military powers . 
  he who pays the piper calls the tune . 
  if the rest of the eu wants to prevent the uk from making demands then all they need to do is reduce their dependence on uk money . 
  but they wo n't , so we might as well squeeze every last concession from the eu for as long as we 're in it . 
  other european countries wo n't kick us out of the eu . 
  it does n't matter what we do , they will never kick us out . 
  they ca n't afford to . 
  maybe we 'll leave . 
  maybe we wo n't . 
  we have n't decided yet . 
  we 'll make up our minds at our own convenience and at a time of our choosing . 
  but we can do whatever the hell we want and your leaders wo n't have the guts to kick us out . 
  and there 's absolutely nothing that you can do about that . 
  is n't that amusing ? 
  i 'm really enjoying this . 
  seeing greece derail the deal would be the icing on the cake . 
  er , i actually support these laws . 
  i did n't say that that it was unfair .
