  interesting . 
  i wonder if we could use this to our advantage in some way . 
  nope , no idea who 's funding them . 
  care to share the information with us ? 
   they are riddled with corruption and social unrest . 
  what a load of crap . 
  we 're consistently ranked by transparency international as one of the least corrupt countries on earth . 
  if you want to see real corruption in the eu , there 's plenty to choose from . 
  as for social unrest , we rank fairly well in the global peace index . 
  and to be fair , if brexit does go well then we will be insufferably smug for all eternity . 
  firstly , you should n't assume that a person likes the eu just because they voted for it . 
  it could easily be them seeing it as the lesser of two evils . 
  secondly , times change , and the eu is a very different beast compared to what it was 42 years ago . 
  and minds change . 
  the eu is n't a popular institution . 
  that is n't in any doubt . 
  it 's no secret that we never particularly liked the eu as an institution . 
  it 's not something that we ever tried to hide . 
  if you did n't realise it before , you were n't really taking any notice . 
  we have no more emotional attachment to it than we do to the world bank or the imf . 
  it 's really nothing personal , so there 's no need to act like a spurned lover just because we do n't want to be in the same political bloc . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  the right wing of the tories are anti-eu , with the centrist wing being more pro-eu . 
  the british left is mostly pretty pro-eu , bar a few fringe voices . 
  in fact , i 'd say that centre left voices in the labour party were some of the most passionate in favour of the eu , along with the lib dems . 
  tory pro-eu people , in contrast , tended to think that it was shit but the alternative was worse . 
  there 's nothing like the mental image of zombie thatcher shambling through the streets of shettleston with a taste for poor children . 
  this is why i never fail to check out the national 's front pages , they 're thoroughly entertaining . 
  a similar thing happened in scotland . 
  after the independence referendum , a bunch of independence supporters created a new newspaper called the national . 
  it makes the sunday sport look like a quality publication . 
  some of the highlights include the laughably bonkers front pages . 
  [ my favourite is this one from 2015 . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/scotnational/status/580481209777692672 ), 
   why is it more difficult ? 
  unless you have something against romanians , in particular , working there , there should be no problem to say yes to all qualified workers , regardless of their country of origin . 
  i believe that the problem was more to do with tourist visas than with living and working in the country . 
  if you 're asking why it was more difficult , you would need to ask the canadian government on that one . 
  their concerns were related to the potential risk of overstayers . 
  the existence of those concerns inevitatbly makes negotiations more difficult , regardless of the rights and wrongs of the situation . 
   ** right now all us citizens can travel in the eu without a visa . 
  romanians , bulgarians and others need a visa while germans and other eu countries do not need a visa to travel to the us . 
  how is this fair ? 
  ** it 's unfair depending on whose perspective you 're approaching it from . 
  if my government is making decisions on who should be able to enter the country without a visa , i want them to approach it from the perspective of this country 's interests . 
  to do that they will have to consider many issues , such as how much money they will spend , their risk of overstaying , etc. 
  that might seem unfair to the people on the wrong end of the policy , but since when has international relations ever been about fairness ? 
  if you 're really angry about how unequal it all is , your country could force all americans to apply for a visa to enter romania . 
  you could easily do that , given that you 're not in schengen . 
  then americans would be subject to exactly the same restrictions entering romania as romanians entering the us . 
   this would truly be the end of the world , right ? 
      having romanians working in canada under ceta is what really keeps you awake at night , right ? 
  no , i 'm personally indifferent towards that particular issue . 
  i was using it as an example of how trade neogotiations get more complicated as more countries get involved . 
  there 's a lot of quid pro quo going on in these situations . 
  if we ask for something from them , they 'll ask for something in return . 
  i do n't blame your country for seeking visa-free travel for its citizens , but that inevitably makes things more difficult for my country to force its own interests onto the table . 
  that wo n't be an issue outside the eu . 
  i was thinking more about how romania was insisting on their citizens being allowed visa-free travel to canada in exchange for supporting ceta . 
  out of the eu , we wo n't need to worry about any of that . 
   your score : 57 % ( 23 points out of 40 ) probably not too bad considering i do n't know much about denmark and had no preparation . 
  i was expecting less . 
  it 's interesting to contrast it with the german and us tests that i tried out . 
  i passed both of those , and i got a near perfect score in the us one . 
  but what are the fundamentals ? 
  i would suggest that the definitions vary from country to country . 
  regardless of your personal views of what those fundamentals are , it seems quite clear to me that negotiating as a bloc necessitates considering issues that are n't directly relevant to our national interests . 
  on the other hand , it will also mean that we wo n't have to take into account the economic concerns of countries like greece , bulgaria , romania , etc. 
  in order to formulate a position . 
  when trying to reach an eu position , you end up having to build a messy compromise between 28 different countries , all with their own objectives and red lines . 
  let 's imagine that we 're trying to reach a trade deal with chile , as an example . 
  we could quite easily offer to eliminate tariffs on wine in exchange for something else . 
  very easy for us to do as we 're not a big wine producing country . 
  but it we 're negotiating as the eu , then france , italy and spain might not be too keen on the idea . 
  negotiating as a bloc obviously has its advantages , but there are disadvantages too . 
  this is exactly how i feel about the matter . 
  people like to imagine that there 's some perfect compromise position where we can intervene in conflicts like rwanda while avoiding catastrophes like iraq . 
  but that compromise position does n't exist and it never will . 
  if you allow any kind of humanitarian intervention , you empower liars like tony blair who will use the concept as justification for whatever war they want to engineer . 
  that road leads to iraq . 
  the only way you can ever avoid such situations is by adopting a policy of strict neutrality . 
  oh well , better late than never . 
  they 've got the right idea . 
  i 've wished for a long time that the uk could be neutral like switzerland . 
  we could pull it off , we 're in the perfect geographical position for it . 
  we do n't need to get dragged into the rest of the world 's problems . 
   why in hell would she accept the job if it means doing things against her values ? 
  that assumes that being in the eu is an important part of her personal value system . 
  but that is n't the case for many remainers . 
  many of them ( probably the majority ) only voted the way they did because they saw it as the pragmatic choice . 
  nothing to do with values . 
  a lot of people elsewhere in europe seem to make the false assumption that remainers all love the eu . 
  the truth is that very few people in the uk feel that way . 
  these people remind me so much of their scottish counterparts . 
  good for you . 
  so there 's absolutely no problem , then . 
  they 're certainly better than the other parties when it comes to issues like internet censorship . 
  but they still have too many nanny state tendencies for my liking , such as their backing for minimum alcohol pricing and a sugar tax . 
  it 's absolutely fine that people should be able to hold opinions without scientific evidence . 
  but i do n't think that governments should base policy on such opinions .
