  you could also argue that the uk government negotiating trade deals with other countries does n't concern the eu , given that these would only involve future plans that do n't directly concern them . 
  we 're constantly told that we have to abide by the obligations of eu membership for as long as we 're a member . 
  that includes paying into the eu budget and not being allowed to negotiate our own trade deals . 
  well , that means we 're absolutely free to exercise our rights as members , and that includes blocking whatever we consider to be counter to our interests . 
  the raspberry pi is a fine little device but you 'd need something considerably more powerful if you wanted to put into widespread use . 
  it 's exactly why i believe that the stuff you always hear about the possibility of frexit or nexit is total and utter shite . 
  it would basically tank the entire economy of the individual countries and possibly ( definitely in the case of france ) take the entire european economy down with it . 
  it would make the aftermath of the brexit vote look like a minor blip in the international marketplace . 
  the only way these countries would drop the euro is if the whole thing ended up collapsing , and that 's unlikely . 
   that 's why i view with skepticism people that say france would leave if they held a vote on it . 
  they are far more integrated than the uk and have far more to lose . 
  euro , schengen , cap etc. . . 
  the uk opted out/is not in a lot of things so it had far less to lose than france leaving . 
  i very much agree with this . 
  if the uk had joined the euro during the last labour government ( and it was n't an entirely unrealistic possibility at the time ) , i do n't think we would be leaving now , if ever . 
  we would be so tightly bound into the eu that leaving it would cause enormous economic damage . 
  i 'd actually love that . 
  i 've always been in favour of the uk adopting a switzerland-style policy of armed neutrality . 
  probably wo n't happen , though . 
  let 's not pretend that it was ever there in the first place . 
  i 'm sure that plenty of people on here think we 're about to slide into the dark ages . 
  yep , that 's exactly what i was thinking of . 
  my dad bought one of the earlier models for cheap that a school was getting rid of . 
  it was my first computer and i loved it . 
  i also used a later model at school . 
  tablets are all well and good , but they do n't teach kids about computing in the way a real computer does . 
  the uk government has moved to the open document format , which is a good start . 
  though i 'd like to see them move fully to open source . 
  maybe fund the creation of a secure microkernel unix-like os . 
  create a public agency that will build and maintain the os , along with providing the necessary it support to public bodies . 
  move away from x86 cpus too , they clearly ca n't be trusted any more . 
  have the people at arm create a desktop cpu , maybe based on their server models . 
  manufacture new computers based around the chip and phase them in across all public bodies , including schools . 
  they would be like modern day acorn computers !, 
  i can dream ... 
   you 're getting a worse deal either way . 
  the thing may claimed was , that you get the same deal as in the eu . 
  i do n't recall her ever claiming that . 
  all she said was that existing solutions would n't be appropriate and that she would be seeking to negotiate a distinctly british deal . 
   in which case you 're screwing yourself , because the wto tariffs are really bad . 
  my point was that if we 're going to end up with wto tariffs , we might as well just leave without paying . 
  better than paying up and getting screwed anyway . 
   surprised to see 55 % support mays `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' , though , and only 25 % dont . 
      they really think uk would get a free trade deal ? 
  that 's absurd , people voted against the single market in the first place . 
  surely it depends on the nature of the deal ? 
  it would be pretty stupid for our government to just rolled over and agree to pay whatever the eu wants us to pay if we were n't guaranteed a trade deal at the end of it . 
  if we were n't going to get a trade deal anyway , we might as well just walk out without paying anything . 
  wait , you 're telling me that this move was n't the diplomatic masterstroke that so many people on this sub insisted that it was ? 
  say it ai n't so !, 
  yes , most british people have always been quite indifferent to the internal workings of eu countries . 
  i very much doubt they cared about about the outcome of a french election . 
  it 's only the eu 's meddling that pisses people off . 
  as soon as that ends , we 'll have even less reason to care about the workings of the eu . 
  naughty , naughty italians !, 
  you should be ashamed of yourselves !, 
  you would never see my country doing that sort of stuff !, 
   if you think that is what a party wants , you are sorely mistaken . 
  they wanted power , like all politicians , tories just outsmarted them . 
  i disagree . 
  many of them joined ukip when it was a tiny little joke party that seemingly had no hope to bringing about political change . 
  that 's not what careerists do . 
  careerists will join an existing successful party to try and work their way to the top . 
  if farage was only interested in getting a a cushy political job , he would have joined the tories . 
  it 's a much more reliable way of feathering your own nest . 
   this is in response to the leaks , they made her look like an absolute fool and she clearly was n't amused by it . 
  i do n't think it did , at least not to the wider british public . 
  that 's certainly what juncker was aiming for , but i do n't think that 's what he 'll get . 
   tbh it is quite a brilliant political move by may . 
  indeed . 
  standing up on a podium and loudly stating that you will defend the uk 's interests against the eu is not the sort of thing that will hurt any prime minister 's election prospects . 
  the eu 's stance might well end up influencing the outcome of the election , by giving the tories an even bigger majority . 
   the brexit crowd will already vote for her , this is only going to piss of those who voted remain to vote against her . 
  i would n't blithely assume that all remain voters are going to side with the eu on this one . 
  i do love seeing people on this sub work themselves into a frenzy over their brexit revenge fantasies . 
  do carry on , it 's tremendously entertaining . 
  the best galaxy . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here . 
  [ apparently not . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/10/07/blair-return-could-cause-labour-voter-exodus/ ) blair seems to have managed the impossible feat of being an even bigger electoral liability than corbyn . 
  [ he 's less popular than jeremy corbyn . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/10/07/blair-return-could-cause-labour-voter-exodus/ ) that 's seriously impressive . 
  managing to be less popular than corbyn is one hell of an achievement . 
  [ you could probably do with reading this . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/a9c45baa-1dc6-11e7-b7d3-163f5a7f229c ) if you ca n't get past the paywall , just search for the article 's title in google and click the link . 
   who came up with the catchphrase `` empire 2.0 '' then ? 
  foreigners or whitehall ? 
  some sarcastic arsehole in the civil service who was taking the piss out of the government . 
  nobody was using the term seriously . 
  we wo n't be getting a sweet deal anyway . 
  nobody in the uk talks about the empire any more . 
  the only people who ever talk about ti are foreigners , and it only betrays how utterly ignorant they are about us . 
  as soon as i saw it i was thinking either wales or the lake district . 
  but yeah , does n't surprise me that it 's wales . 
  certainly looked like it was in britain . 
  i think that `` incredibly biased '' is a bit strong . 
  their views are sometimes clouded by the metropolitan liberal bubble that they live in , but i think that they do a decent job overall . 
  i think that the eu referendum was one of their finest moments , they did an excellent job of being impartial there . 
  that could lead to a situation where slightly over 35.01 % of the population are able to overrule the vast majority . 
  that would be completely undemocratic .
