  `` european '' has always been a thing . 
  i do n't think anybody will dispute that norway and switzerland are thoroughly european , despite not being in the eu . 
  for me , being european has always been about culture rather than political institutions . 
  the decision of whether or not the uk should be in the eu will always be a purely financial transaction as far as i 'm concerned . 
   the eu was , without a doubt , successful at that . 
  you have no way of knowing that . 
  you could just as well give them credit for the lack of meteorite strikes . 
  i would put the postwar peace in europe down to the certainties of the cold war and the need to unite behind a common foe . 
  besides , political union is no guarantee of peace , as all the world 's civil wars have proven . 
   look back at history , and look at the footprints of british imperialism all over the world , and then come back to me and say that we have no responsibility to come to the aid of those outside our borders who are suffering very real problems day in and day out . 
  hey , i 'm just trying my best to ensure that my latent white male imperialist nature does n't rear its ugly head . 
  which is why i 'm all about respecting all the rich an unique cultures of the world . 
  surely all these interfering liberals are being the imperialists here ? 
   i think a lot of us need to grow up and really reflect on how it was that our current prosperity and wealth came to be and to whom who we really owe it all ( i 'd say it goes much farther than just these british isles ) . 
  saudi arabia was never a british colony , so definitely not out responsibility . 
  it 's been backward cesspit for all of history and that 's not going to change . 
  but clearly the white man 's burden mentality is still with us . 
   the actions of this swedish minister are something we should praise and not turn our noses up at just in the hopes of turning a better profit through arms sales to inhumane oligarchs . 
  i think this will be an important lesson sweden 's impeccably tolerant liberals . 
  i 'll be looking on with great amusement at events unfolding . 
  i 've heard a lot of people saying that we need to show `` solidarity '' with sweden over this . 
  i disagree . 
  the treatment of women in saudi arabia is not a european problem . 
  socially , they 're in the dark ages and that 's where they 're going to stay . 
  the swedish foreign minister is either an naive idiot for thinking that her views would make a difference , or a posturing idiot for wanting to get on the soapbox to advertise her impeccable liberal credentials to the world . 
  either way , this is her own stupid fault and i do n't want to see my country damaged when there are a lot of british jobs dependent on lucrative export deals with these backward savages . 
  you only have to look at the battle of the somme . 
  over a million dead in less than half a year . 
  in syria , we 've had less than 300,000 dead in a period of over four years . 
   but i appreciated my airports the way it was before 9/11 that ship has long since sailed . 
  even if we were to stop selling weapons to dictatorships , the world would n't suddenly get any safer . 
  as far as i know , our sales of arms was never a pretext for terrorist bombings . 
  even if it was , so what ? 
  these animals would only find something else to justify themselves . 
  the problem of terrorism is more caused by having large populations living among us whose traditions and allegiances are in distant and alien civilisations . 
  having manned borders does n't mean you have to turn your country into a massive prison camp . 
  that was down to communism . 
  my country has a manned border with france but funnily enough i can leave without dodging bullets and landmines . 
  maybe he 'll learn a lesson from that , though i doubt it . 
  i 'm afraid we ca n't base our industrial policy on all the economically illiterate drivel that we get from anti-arms trade idiots what about we really `` need '' . 
  it 's all very well saying that we `` need '' wind and tidal power converters , but that does n't mean that their production would be economically viable . 
  for medical devices , which ones exactly do you have in mind and why exactly are they not being made by current manufacturing processes ? 
  elderly care robots may require investment but that 's an entirely separate matter to arms sales ( actually , advancements in robotic weapons might even help such technology advance ) . 
  given that arms sales are a good thing for the economy , there 's absolutely no reason why we ca n't manufacture them alongside all those things you listed . 
  it 's not like there 's some cosmic law that prevents countries from manufacturing both military and civilian technology . 
  we can do both . 
  or do you just want the british defence industry out of the way so the french counterpart has less competition ? 
  i do n't see how that would happen . 
  we do n't sell suicide vests and i do n't think it would be very practical to perform a suicide bombing using a eurofighter or a 155mm howitzer . 
  even though i greatly dislike this government , i am glad that they 're a bit more realistic when it comes to this important industry . 
  if swedish liberals want to bask in feelings of smug self-righteousness then we should capitalise on that . 
  would we rather put british workers out of jobs ? 
  if we shut down our entire arms industry down overnight , nothing would change for the better . 
  other countries would quickly fill the gap . 
  given our trade deficit and decline in manufacturing jobs , we really ca n't afford to be picky about who we export to , whether it be children 's toys or weapons . 
  if anything we need to relax the rules on exports . 
  it 's obvious why we would n't . 
  is is a loose cannon and could be a serious threat to world stability if it is n't contained . 
  besides , they do n't have much money to spend on the sort of sophisticated weapons systems that our defence manufacturers offer . 
  stick with it . 
  those games are all a real bitch at first ( completely impossible to play well first time round ) , but once everything clicks into place you 'll be glad that you persevered . 
   i heard that a lot of people started following football in real life because of fm me !, 
  i did n't follow football but once i got championship manager ( as it was known then ) i started to take a bit more of interest . 
  still not fanatical , but take more of an interest in it than i used to . 
  i also started to take more of an interest in history thanks to strategy games like the europa universalis , total war , age of empires , and civilizations series . 
  i agree . 
  i think the swedish government are being idiots . 
  their pressure wo n't change a damn thing in saudi arabia . 
  i just hope that british companies will fill in the gap and some of the jobs can come here . 
  saudi arabia is certainly a medieval shithole , but we need to be realistic . 
  it wo n't change . 
  in fact , it could get even worse . 
  some of the biggest threats to the house of saud are n't from secular democrats ( hardly any of them in the country ) but from the kind of people who think that saudi arabia is n't quite islamic enough for their liking right now . 
  fair enough . 
  if the people of sweden genuinely want to see their fellow citizens lose their jobs to salve their liberal consciences then that 's their prerogative . 
  more opportunities for britain , hopefully . 
  still pretty stupid of her . 
  either she was utterly delusional in thinking that they would listen to a word she says on human rights issues or she was more interested in grandstanding on the world stage than protecting the jobs of swedish citizens . 
  whatever the case , she 's an idiot . 
  going to an arab country and talking about human rights is like going to israel and praising hitler . 
  of course . 
  the swedish foreign minister should have realised that recognising a palestinian state would n't help get them anywhere with the saudis . 
  i think this is pretty funny . 
  the foreign minister wanted to bask in glory in the arab league for being the first european country to recognise a palestinian state . 
  instead , we see her causing the diplomatic isolation of her country because she wanted to indulge in a bit of feminist grandstanding . 
  maybe she should keep her trap shut in future and focus on pushing sweden 's interests . 
  still , hopefully this will lead to more opportunities for the british defence industry to step in and fill the gap . 
   and yet sa money funds hardline schools and even militant groups because other nations clearly need more salafism/wahabism . 
  there 's no point in blaming the saudis for it , that 's just their nature . 
  it 's the fault of european governments for allowing populations to form in their countries that are receptive to these teachings . 
  i do n't think that we in the uk would be too keen on that . 
  we have some very important business deals with the saudis ( especially weapons ) that keep lots of british people in jobs . 
  i would n't want to see british jobs sacrificed because the swedish foreign minister is a tactless incompetent . 
  it depends on what we mean by european . 
  i certainly feel european , but then at the same time i do n't consider europe and the european union to be synonymous ( i do n't think anybody would doubt that norway and switzerland are firmly european ) . 
  i would n't say there has been any single moment that made me feel european in a cultural sense . 
  given our language , geography and thousands of years of history , it 's obvious that people in britain are culturally much closer to other europeans than we are to people in places like africa and asia . 
  even though there are some important cultural differences , other european countries have always held a certain amount of familiarity for me . 
  but at the same time , i do n't feel any kind of affection to the political project that is the european union . 
  i do n't hate it ( hate is too strong an emotion for it ) , but for me it always came down to a balance sheet rather than something i would have any feelings towards .
