  quite , it 's not like any of my messages were abusive , they were just from a different perspective . 
  to all those disagreeing and downvoting i will only ask you this : if your country was paying the equivalent of billions of euros into eu coffers ( at a time when budgets at home are very tight ) only to help facilitate the deindustrialisation of your country , would you be quite so pro-eu ? 
   doesn \u00b4 t have the uk currently the third lowest unemployment rate within the eu ? 
  and isn \u00b4 t london like the financial/banking centrum that immensely profits from eu membership ? 
  only because the rest of the eu is doing so badly . 
  our unemployment rate only looks good by comparison . 
  as for the bankers , they 're not exactly the most popular people in britain right now . 
   i also envy you because of the mass stream of young educated white easily-assimilated eastern europeans . 
  i agree to an extent . 
  out of all the immigrant groups we get in the uk , eastern europeans are some of the best . 
  nonetheless , i think there are important questions about how much impact these recent arrivals have towards the wages of the existing population, 
   the deal was we get the development funds and your much more advanced and wealthier than our companies the free access to market with 100 millions population . 
  of course , but the question is whether or not the good outweighs the bad for us . 
   the large part of this new manufacturing power ( and some part of gains from it ) is n't owned by the host countries , but by the capital from `` old europe '' . 
  forgive me for not jumping for the joy at the thought of all the wonderful opportunities opening up for wealthy corporate fat cats to get even richer by putting my countrymen out of work . 
  this is one of the reasons that i have become disillusioned with the eu . 
  the uk is paying our own taxpayers ' money to upgrade the infrastructure of places like poland in order to help them undermine and undercut our own manufacturing sector . 
  i ca n't say i 'm particularly keen on the idea of assisting our competitors . 
  anybody convicted of terrorist offences should spend their entire sentence in solitary confinement . 
  it 's necessary in order to prevent the radicalisation of other prisoners and the formation of plots between existing terrorists . 
  i disagree . 
  their loyalties clearly did n't lie with spain whether they were citizens or not . 
  their loyalties were with the muslim ummah . 
  and without the presence of those whose loyalties lie elsewhere , the attack would have been considerably more difficult . 
  i place sole blame for that on the british government . 
  we had no reason to get involved in any of those wars . 
  why should i care about saudi involvement in 9/11 ? 
  it was an attack on america , not on britain . 
  if there 's a juicy trade deal , i 'd rather our country take it . 
  i 'm aware of al-yamamah . 
  there 's no point in deluding ourselves into thinking that we can do business in a place like saudi arabia in the same manner that we would in denmark . 
  there 's no real difference between facilitation payments and bribes in this part of the world . 
  after all , we 're talking about a country that is named after the family that owns it . 
  it 's a dark ages culture that managed to buy modern technology . 
  we might as well make as much money as we can as quickly as we can before the oil runs out and it returns do being a backward desert shithole it 's been for thousands of years . 
  help make up for all the oil we buy from them . 
  plus we might as well have the jobs go to britain rather than france . 
  hooray . 
  maybe there will be opportunities for the british defence industry to fill in the gap . 
  i think it 's very important that we know what sort of malignant filth we have living among us . 
  i would like society to be rid of them , but for as long as they grace us with their presence i want to know all about them . 
  i do n't want to live in ignorance . 
  plus the more we hear from them , the more anger and hostility will brew towards them . 
  they would n't do that . 
  you only have to look at the euro convergence criteria to tell you everything you will need to know about how fastidious eu member states are when it comes to observing targets . 
  there will be no incentive for other eu countries to act when they know they can piggyback on the uk and france . 
  if the rest of the eu want to throw their weight around , let them pay for it . 
  if they are n't willing to pay for it then let them deal with the consequences . 
  agreed . 
  they wo n't even have any idea what the hell they 're singing about . 
  i 've always found it a little creepy to use kids as political props . 
  why us ? 
  if other eu member states want to play at being soldiers , maybe they can finally invest in their armed forces rather than hanging onto the coattails of the uk and france ( and the us through nato ) . 
  agreed . 
  even a brexit supporter like myself ca n't complain about what he said . 
  he said it in a way which would make me want to reply saying `` i appreciate your position , but it is one that i must respectfully disagree with '' rather than `` fuck off '' . 
  damn , i must have missed the bit where brexit campaigners came out in favour of colonising other countries . 
  how silly of me . 
  it 's funny how you only ever see the british empire brought up by people who want the uk to stay in the eu . 
  the people who want us to leave never mention it . 
  oh well , if this is the best argument that they 've got then us brexit supporters wo n't have too much to worry about . 
  he 's not just some guy in the eu . 
  he 's a vice president of the european commission and is in charge of the digital single market . 
  the fact that we have such a suggestion from someone in his position is quite worrying . 
  it 's the sort of idea that would be more at home in an authoritarian state . 
  yeah , it was all us . 
  before we came along it was a paradise of peace and brotherhood . 
   israel does n't give a fuck about palestinian citizens . 
  why should we in europe give a fuck about them ? 
  they 're not our people . 
  we do n't owe them anything . 
   the above commenter was suggesting that a brexit would have a cascading effect , leading more and more eu members to leave . 
  europe is richer and more peaceful than it has ever been , largely thanks to the eu . 
  that 's a huge assumption . 
  you might as well credit the eu with the lack of meteor strikes . 
  nothing great . 
  [ here 's a remain one ] ( http://bromsgrovestandard.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/pro-euro-960x600.jpg?6cc671 ) and [ here 's a leave one . 
  ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/954172/stream_img.jpg ) nothing especially memorable , but straight to the point . 
  when you see artists trying to make political posters it makes you realise just what a good job the genuine advertising and public relations professionals do . 
  there 's a reason why those people are so expensive . 
  it 's all a bit `` art school '' . 
  the only people who these posters would appeal to are the sort of people who would spend their time gazing intently at a modern art exhibition made up of an unmade bed or a pickled shark . 
  they 'd go somewhere else before they starved . 
  then once word got back to their families and friends that europe was n't the land of handouts , the flow would soon start drying up . 
  if somebody turns up uninvited in somebody else 's country , they should n't get a penny . 
  not under any circumstances . 
  safe zones wo n't do a damn thing to mitigate this refugee crisis . 
  the refugees already depart from a safe zone . 
  it 's called turkey . 
  they 're in no danger in turkey , but they head to europe because they realise that the standards of living that await them in europe are significantly better . 
  that wo n't change if you create safe zones in syria , especially given that the living conditions in such zones will almost certainly be significantly worse than those in turkey . 
  i do n't know what merkel is hoping to achieve here . 
  from the article :  creating commercially relevant knowledge through basic research needs incentives . 
  but innovation is not something that technocrats ( or bureaucrats ) can easily order . 
  my god , is n't that a surprise ? 
  you 're telling me that a bunch of bureaucrats who most likely have n't even worked in that sector ca n't just snap their fingers and magically turn the eu into a tech hotspot ? 
  shocking . 
  it 's just more jobs for the well-connected , overpaid bureaucratic elites . 
  that 's all it was ever about . 
  or just jail any migrants who arrive in europe illegally .
