  there are plenty of prosperous countries with much smaller populations than the uk that are n't part of the eu or similar blocs . 
  take norway and switzerland as good examples . 
  or , if you want to look further afield , australia , new zealand or japan . 
  i 'm finding the direction that the eu is heading ( especially with the refugee quota proposals ) is a great deal more terrifying than leaving . 
  it 's not a matter of choosing between change and the status quo . 
  there will be major change either way , you just have to decide which form of change you prefer . 
  i would suggest that leaving the eu would put us in a better position to manage any changes so they work more in our favour . 
  from the article :  despite growing pressure , david cameron has not agreed to play a role in the eu response , which the united kingdom independence party ( ukip ) would denounce . 
  the hungarian leader , viktor orban , does n't want to cooperate either , because he is faced with a party , jobbik , that is further to the right than his own . 
  mariano rajoy has also resisted a system of mandatory distribution because the general elections in spain are just around the corner , and we all know that making firm political decisions can lead to a major loss of votes . 
  putting domestic politics before the the collective interest has brought us to this paralysis . 
  another way of looking at it is that politicians are listening to their electorates and following their wishes by defending their countries from unwanted mass immigration . 
  it 's democracy in action . 
  guy verhofstadt is just seeing this as an opportunity for a power grab by him and the rest of his self-interested clique of political cronies . 
  when labour were a true left wing party they were n't electable . 
  they were hammered in the polls time and time again by thatcher . 
  their greatest period of electoral success has been under the centrist tony blair . 
  there 's no reason to believe why this move to the left wo n't destroy them electorally just as badly as before . 
  pillaging with longships and eating dried fish ? 
  why would other countries want to do that ? 
  i 'm neutral on the issue , but i would n't wish to see the british government get involved . 
  i do n't see why we should spend diplomatic capital to bolster somebody 's independence movement . 
  if the british government was going to piss off the spanish government , i would expect them only to do it when our interests are at stake . 
  if merkel was n't flapping her gums in the first place , this would n't be necessary . 
  it 's a bit late for damage limitation . 
  i 've been in favour of eu withdrawal for a while now , but even i 'm surprised at just how insane they are . 
  still , all of this madness does make the uk more likely to vote for withdrawal , so every cloud has a silver lining . 
  the gulf states must be pissing themselves laughing . 
  they 're going to fund these mosques and they 're going to be built , because it 's clear that the leaders of europe are some of the most pathetic and spineless in the world . 
  the arab states can see weakness so they may as well take advantage of the situation given that there 's nothing that anybody is going to do about this . 
  i ca n't help but admire such a-grade trolling . 
  there 's a big difference between the approaches of our two countries . 
  we in the uk only seek to opt out of eu initiatives that will encroach on our national sovereignty ( an approach that has been vindicated by recent events ) , but we do n't tell other eu member states what they should or should n't be doing . 
  your country is arrogantly attempting to impose its will on the rest of europe . 
  funnily enough , other countries get quite angry when germany thinks it has mastery over all of europe . 
  it 's not just us , plenty of other countries agree . 
  i think you 'll find germany quickly becoming the most hated country in europe . 
  it should n't come as a surprise to people that passions are going to run high over the migration issue . 
  it 's a major issue facing europe that has huge implications for the future of the entire continent . 
  it 's not a subject that is the sole preserve of internet obsessives either , i 've heard people in my daily life talking about this issue more than any other political topic i can remember . 
  even my sister told me that she 's worried about it , and she 's the most politically apathetic person i know . 
  it 's also been very revealing for the eu as we 've seen countries show their true colours , especially with germany arrogantly hectoring other eu member states about how many migrants they should admit . 
  we can see how much this has angered many in eastern europe and it would n't be in the least bit surprising if it increases the chances of british withdrawal from the eu . 
  i think it 's only natural that the topic will feature prominently when merkel herself said this is the biggest concern facing the eu . 
  but once the dust settles , you 'll no doubt find fewer immigration threads in future . 
  sikhs and hindus in the uk are just fine . 
  they 've never caused any problems or made particularly unreasonable demands , even though they 've been discriminated against just as badly as other ethnic minorities . 
  they just get on with life like any other british citizen . 
  it will pose certain challenges for your country , but i imagine that you will be perfectly capable of meeting them . 
  i 'm glad that your country has n't swallowed the whole `` the sky will fall in on us , we need to open our borders ! '', 
  hysteria that we get in europe just because the population is aging a little . 
  people in developed countries should n't feel to need to breed at third world levels to retain parity in some sort of demographic arms race . 
  better to operate a restrictive immigration policy to allow your people some breathing room . 
  honestly , i fucking love you people and i 'm not even a weeaboo . 
  yes , very sensible of them . 
  they do n't feel the need to commit national suicide like our own idiot leaders . 
  i love you too . 
   these migrants do n't know anything about the ins and outs of benefits , but they do know that europe is wealthier on the whole . 
  that 's their hope - they reckon if they risk the trip and work , they can make it into a decent life . 
  then when they get there , they send the message back home to their families to come so they can enjoy the european standard of living . 
  remove the prospect of them enjoying that standard of living and the message will soon return home that europe is not somewhere they should go . 
  if they 're trapped in poverty that 's worse than a refugee camp , they 'll warn their family not to come . 
  i completely agree , i 've been saying this many times before . 
  it 's the pull factors that bring them to europe . 
  if you remove the main pull factor ( a decent standard of living ) you remove the incentive for them to enter europe . 
  to be fair , the italians do n't do themselves any favours by running naval rescue mission a few miles from the libyan coast only to ferry the migrants to italy . 
  i was a reluctant eurosceptic myself once . 
  but i find that events are strengthening my resolve more and more all the time . 
  we need to get the hell out of the eu as quickly as possible . 
  why should the gulf states care ? 
  if european countries are stupid enough to open the borders , all the gulf arabs need to do is sit back , enjoy the spectacle and laugh at our idiocy . 
  i know i would in their position . 
   yes , perhaps it might . 
  if i remember right the uk has done some steps in that direction ( prison sentences for landlords ? 
  ) , you might know more about that than i do . 
  from what i 've heard , it 's increased fines and possible prison sentences of up to six months . 
  though even that will depend on enforcement and how willing the judiciary is to impose the hardest sentences , so the effectiveness of this new approach remains to be seen . 
   i must say this has been surprisingly civil for an online argument . 
  and even though it is unlikely either of us is going sway the other 's opinion i really enjoyed our short exchange . 
   these people escaped civil war or famine yes , escaped . 
  not escaping . 
  the syrians who sneak into the eu have already fled the fighting . 
  it 's not a matter of choosing between the eu or syria , but choosing between the eu and turkey . 
   you seriously expect you can deter them by making them uncomfortable ? 
  if the authorities can work towards ensuring that they live in worse poverty than a syrian refugee camp , i have every expectation that they would be deterred . 
  the sole reason that they choose eu countries is because of the standard of living they 'll enjoy . 
  remove that and you remove the sole incentive . 
   asset forfeiture and sentencing landlords will just increase the homeless population , we always hear landlords squeal whenever regulations are introduced . 
  it 's just what they do . 
   sentencing employers and limiting the access to public services will just increase crime statistics and unreported employment . 
  you can mitigate the crime by creating a climate of fear . 
  if these people are terrified of being taken off to a detention centre by police who are given orders to behave in a belligerent manner , they 'll keep a very low profile . 
  i also do n't think that there would be employers queuing up to offer illegal employment if they realised they would get a decade or more in prison and all business assets confiscated . 
  the possible rewards for the employers would be nowhere near sufficient for such extreme risks to their liberty and property . 
   it is not a governments job to regulate everything ( because it is unable to ) , this includes migration . 
  all we can do is steer and accommodate . 
  i disagree . 
  i believe it 's a government 's job to regulate society for the good of its citizens . 
  if it 's unwilling or incapable of doing that , there is little use for it . 
   you can call that defeatist , but i 'd rather be a defeatist than dead-wrong .
