  blame cameron for that . 
  he deliberately avoided making any plans for a leave result . 
  he realised that uncertainty would play into his hands . 
  it did n't work to the extent that he hoped for , of course . 
  i see what you did there . 
   if they 're willing to boat across the mediterranean from turkey then they will just do the same again from these said `` islands . '', 
  no they would n't . 
  they depart from places that are n't properly policed , like libya . 
  that allows the people smugglers to operate . 
  if they were being detained on islands , there would be no way for them to leave as there would n't be any boats for them . 
  it means that we 'll only be funding our own farmers , rather than our own farmers plus a load of the eu 's . 
  most people do n't give a shit about politically incorrect terminology . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  it 's good that it 's being reflected by the press for once . 
  that all rests on the assumption that these experts will have the interests of ordinary people at heart . 
  i would argue that 's a very naive thing to assume . 
  by all means , we should take on board the voices of experts when they comment on their specific field of expertise , but it needs to be the people who decide the overall direction . 
  basically , people were asking the eu `` what have you ever done for me ? '' . 
  when the eu is taking money from us , people have the right to ask why we 're putting up with it . 
  neither the british government nor the eu came up with a satisfactory answer to this . 
  the burden of proof was on them , and they failed to tell us why we should continue with membership . 
  unlike the eu , the russians are n't interfering in our domestic affairs . 
  nor are they extracting money from us to upgrade their infrastructure or bankroll their farmers . 
  no need to rush things . 
  it 's a good idea to get to work on the preparations first . 
  i think it 's more a matter of people asking what the eu has ever done to justify itself . 
  if the eu is taking our money , people have the right to demand that they justify that . 
  instead we got arrogant complacency , with the eu showing annoyance that the british people had the temerity to ask these questions . 
  that 's why the british people told them to fuck off . 
  there 's a difference between quotas and allocation . 
  we would still need to work with other countries in managing fisheries , but we 'll be just as free to allocate those quotas as norway is . 
  plenty of countries in the world manage to negotiate fisheries management without entering into a common fisheries policy . 
  you 're assuming that the votes of young people are static and set in stone . 
  they 're not . 
  voters tend to get more conservative with age . 
  there would be an easy rebuttal to any suggestion of rejoining the eu , and that 's `` we 'd be net contributors , at terms even less favourable than when we left . '' . 
  it 's hard enough to convince the public to part with their taxes for public services , so there 's no way you would ever convince them to fund the eu . 
  it 's an institution that hardly anybody in the public has any affection for . 
  i doubt that we will ever rejoin the eu . 
  if you managed to convince the majority to take the huge step of voting to leave the eu , there 's almost no way in hell that you 're going to convince them of taking the step to join it from outside . 
  you only have to look at how low support for joining the eu is in norway , despite how pro-eu their politicians are . 
  it 's never a bad thing to keep our options open . 
  he was born in palestine , but moved to the uk as a kid . 
  i would imagine that he has british citizenship . 
  the best bet would be to strip him of british citizenship . 
  i know that theresa may has done that with quite a few foreign extremists . 
  if he does n't hold citizenship anywhere else , the best bet would be to give him x amount of time to leave before he is stripped of all protections under the law . 
  that would get him moving . 
  nothing like a northern ireland thread to get reddit 's atheist brigade desperately trying to pin it all on religion . 
  well done , have your complimentary fedora . 
  because it 's a delicate situation . 
  you certainly have a point about british people being clueless about the catalan or basque situations , but i would imagine the same is equally true with spanish people about northern ireland . 
  new countries are certainly joining . 
  mostly ex-communist countries and an assortment of dirt poor basket cases . 
  using kosovo or your own country as some sort of badge of pride for how well the euro is doing shows how utterly desperate many of the euro cheerleaders are . 
  come back when sweden and denmark have joined . 
  maybe then you might genuinely have something to point to . 
  i never said that the euro was going to collapse . 
  i think it will drag on for quite a while yet . 
  the question is one of how much damage it will do in the process . 
  `` we '' have to solve this ? 
  there 's nothing that we in the uk can do . 
  when we decided to stay out of the euro , we got the usual criticisms of us being backward thinking , clinging to our pound , saying that we 'd surely be left behind economically . 
  the eu forged ahead with its foolhardy policy , not listening to anyone who told them otherwise . 
  we ca n't solve anything for you because it 's not our problem to solve . 
  it 's your problem that you ( the eurozone ) caused . 
  all we can do is try and keep our distance in the best way that we can . 
   she 'll do it after a general election , which she will lose . 
  hahahahahaha , no . 
  she wo n't lose . 
  not in a million years . 
  have you seen the state of the opposition ? 
  the eu , humane and compassionate ... thanks , best laugh i 'll have all day !, 
  come off it . 
  since the brexit vote people on this sub have been taking every opportunity to jump on every story that could be seen as bad economic news for the uk , especially when they think they can pin it on brexit . 
  they practically masturbate over it . 
   because israel wo n't provide for the people it is supposed to look after . 
  why is that the eu 's problem ? 
   the refugees are financially no problem but a benefit in the long run . 
  great , i 'm really happy for you . 
  i presume that means that you wo n't ever need to distribute the refugees across the eu ? 
  after all , if these people are so profitable for your country then i 'm sure you 'd be more than happy to keep them all for yourselves . 
  tl ; dr answer : no . 
  even though her approval ratings have dipped a little , they 're still sky high and at a level that british political leaders would kill for . 
  personally i think that her refugee policy has been utter madness , but what i think is irrelevant . 
  she still has the support of the german people , so her position is secure . 
  also , from the article :  but no leading politician suggests that germany should stop accepting refugees fleeing war , ** and some of the pressure on merkel comes from left-wing critics , who say she 's not doing enough to help migrants . 
  ** good god , these people are fucking lunatics . 
  two days ago , a black man ran amok with a knife , stabbing an american tourist to death and wounding several others . 
  police subdued him with a taser , causing no permanent injuries . 
  it 's difficult to even begin demonstrating the difference in approaches between us police and uk police . 
  it 's also very difficult to articulate the stupidity of these protesters . 
   so the proportion of british that wanted to stay is by no means a small section . 
  i did n't say that 48 % was a small section . 
  by `` small section '' , i was referring to the british people who would like to see the uk get a bad deal . 
  those are the dogmatic pro-eu fanatics that i was referring to . 
  i do n't think that the majority of remain voters were in that category . 
  i think that the majority of those who voted remain did so for what they saw as purely pragmatic reasons . 
  it 's the press just doing what the press does . 
  the guardian is pro-eu and they like nothing more than to insist that brexit is an unmitigated disaster .
