  i know you 're butthurt about it all and acting like a spurned lover , but try to look at things in a calm and level-headed manner . 
  it will do you a lot of good . 
  not really . 
  there might have been a fair amount of politicians supporting brexit , but the majority of the british political establishment is solidly pro-eu . 
  they did n't get their way in this instance . 
  where are they going to go ? 
  work for a pittance in eastern europe ? 
  join the welfare line in greece or spain ? 
  there is no economic incentive for the working classes of the more affluent eu countries to move elsewhere , especially if they 're from a more monolingual place like the uk . 
  the right to freedom of movement is an utterly meaningless right to these people . 
  people only like liberal , pluralist democracy when it brings greater prosperity . 
  if it fails to bring prosperity , people understandably ask `` what is the point in it ? '' . 
  it 's a question that nobody has answered in a satisfactory manner . 
   like how the conservatives would n't win the elections and ukip would get lots of seats . 
  to be fair , i do n't think that any polls predicted that ukip would gain a lot of seats . 
  they predicted a ukip vote share that was more or less in line with what they got , but it was always inevitable that our electoral system would hamper them . 
  though you 're right about them getting the tory win completely wrong . 
  if we have a genuine need for unskilled labour , we would be better off shipping them in on a purely temporary basis from countries like bangladesh . 
  just bring them them in on temporary work visas without any right of permanent settlement , like they do in the gulf states . 
  the objection towards the common fisheries policy is not so much down to how it 's regulated , but how it 's allocated . 
  as long as the uk is in the eu , our fisheries ( some of the best and most extensive in europe ) get allocated to fishermen from other eu countries such as spain . 
  if we 're out of the eu , we can allocate 100 % of the quota to our own fishermen . 
  i remember that poem from school . 
  no poem has ever made an impression on me like that one . 
  even reading it today makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end . 
  what are you gloating over ? 
  nicola sturgeon popping over to brussels on a little self-aggrandising trip ? 
  the snp are just doing what the snp always do and try to stoke division , and naturally the circlejerk around here will lap it up . 
  please , you 'll have to do better than that . 
  anyway , i do n't see why you should object to us leaving . 
  we wo n't be your problem any more . 
  you might be onto something here . 
  we could easily act like the whole thing was an elaborate piece of performance art . 
  if anybody could get away with it , it 's boris . 
  it 's just the local thickos jumping on the bandwagon . 
  if it was n't brexit , it would be something else . 
  this . 
  the particular poll is what is often known as a `` voodoo poll '' . 
  it 's from a company which is n't a member of the british polling council and keeps its methodology secret . 
  it 's one that has bee known for churning out dodgy polls . 
  panlebase ( a more reputable firm ) just realeased a poll putting support for independence at 52-48 . 
  a rise on previous figures , but still within the range of standard polling figures over the past few years . 
  let 's wait and see how things turn out before the dust settles . 
  yeah , but at least the blood can make a merry mess all over the place . 
  this . 
  they acted like our negotiations were some tedious little sideshow . 
  well , i bet now they 've noticed us . 
  the reason that they showed no optimism is because there is n't a positive case for the eu . 
  hardly anybody in the uk has a shred of genuine affection for the the bloc . 
  fear is all they had . 
  it 's all down to the order of the areas that are declared . 
  london has such a huge population that a single ward can skew the entire result . 
  i support leave , but this article will cheer me up no end if the country votes ( as i expect it to ) remain . 
  at least if we 're still in the eu we can have a lot of fun causing as much chaos as possible . 
  oh , i think i am something of a political geek . 
  i take a much closer interest in politics than anybody that i know of in my social circle . 
  i 'm actually the one that people go to if they 're asking a question about something political . 
  i 'm their go-to guy for all things political . 
  it 's just that i do n't like tedious lectures . 
  you can take an interest in politics without wanting to endure a load of tedium . 
  i deal in soundbites . 
  #vote leave #make britain great again # # 350 million per week, 
  i tried to listen to it , but it bored me too much . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm sure the guy knows his stuff , but he 's not exactly the most exciting speaker . 
  if a political geek like me loses interest then the average person would n't have a hope . 
  agreed . 
  i doubt that one advert in one newspaper will make much of a difference to the referendum result , but this really is a great message . 
  simple and positive , without a hint of arrogant hectoring . 
  a really excellent political advert . 
  sure , but we 're all posting on reddit about european political issues . 
  that automatically means that we all take a much closer interest in politics than the average person in any of our countries . 
  well , if that 's what you want ... [ nsfw ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/ad_209215751.jpg ), 
  no surprise , `` shoreditch twat '' has become a byword for the hipster scene in the uk . 
  it 's a place full of vegan cafes and shops where you can buy the finest peruvian fairtrade peasant garb . 
  not a place that is in any way representative of the wider uk . 
   god , how i wish there was a campaign saying this in the uk . 
  the remain campaign are n't saying words like that because they 're not idiots . 
  they 're british , so they understand their culture . 
  they know that if they started talking like that to the average british person , that person would most likely just think `` wanker '' and stop listening . 
  lofty rhetoric does n't sway ordinary people . 
  you have to focus on the bread and butter issues . 
  k , will do . 
  are you serious ? 
  i know who rompuy is . 
  but i 'm a political obsessive . 
  it would be incredibly unrealistic to imagine that an ordinary person outside belgium would have a clue about who he is . 
  if brexit was really that dangerous for this country , then it was incredibly irresponsible of cameron to authorise this referendum . 
  unless , of course , he 's lying through his teeth . 
  yeah , let 's go with that . 
  it 's clever politics all the same . 
  when the remain campaign rebuts the claim and insists `` it 's only # 250 million '' or whatever number they give , it still drives home to the point that we 're spending a hell of a lot of money on the eu . 
  every time they even discuss this , they 're playing into the the leave campaign 's hands . 
   exactly my point . 
  they should have targeted the english working-class in particular , because england is the key since scotland and to a lesser extent wales are more remain . 
  they ca n't . 
  the working classes wo n't take very kindly to being hectored by politicians who increasingly lack any credibility with voters . 
   is labour really that devoid of credible working-class campaigners ? 
  is it all a bunch of izzard/brand/geldof types these days ? 
  pretty much . 
  the working classes largely got into the labour party through the trade unions .
