  that still does n't adequately explain why they chose europe as their destination over all others , especially those countries in the region . 
  europe is n't the only place on earth these people could end up , you know . 
  there are plenty of other countries ( such as the ones they already ended up in like lebanon and turkey ) , yet they chose to enter european ones . 
  they chose europe because they correctly concluded that the standard of living that awaits them there is considerably better than the standard of living of a refugee in turkey or lebanon . 
  remove the promise of a decent standard of living and they 'll refrain from moving to the eu just as they currently refrain from moving to somewhere like russia or azerbaijan . 
  it 's even debatable whether or not providing much greater funds for refugee camps would have made a great deal deal of difference to the migrant flow . 
  as long as europe would offer much better standards of living than a refugee camp ( which it undoubtedly would , even compared to a camp that is very well funded ) , the flow would continue . 
   that ca n't be a solution , because europe will lose a race to the bottom compared to turkey , lybia , lebanon and the other host countries . 
  and we would n't just have to come to a draw , we 'd have to win that race by a mile to achieve an effect . 
  i disagree with that , i think a draw is sufficient . 
  these migrants take great risks to enter europe . 
  they expose themselves to great physical danger by boarding leaky boats . 
  they often pay a great deal of money , often putting them and their families in great debt , to pay the people smugglers . 
  they do this because the return on their investment is sufficient . 
  people are n't going to take those risks if what awaits them in the eu is no different to turkey or lebanon , only with colder winters . 
   even without state incentives , the fact that we do n't extort money from their families back home , sell them into slavery or attack them for their religion or ethnicity makes us better than those host countries . 
  the fact that they are n't threatend by abduction , murder , draft , suicide bombs , nail bombs , air strikes or drone strikes makes us better than the countries they left behind . 
  they do n't face any of those dangers in turkey and lebanon , either . 
  they 're not leaving syria , they already left there . 
  they 're departing from countries like turkey and lebanon . 
  looking at the conditions they previously faced when they were in syria is an irrelevant distraction . 
   removing all incentives , what does that mean , in your eyes ? 
  should refugees die from treatable diseases outside our hospitals ? 
  should they starve by the thousands in our streets ? 
  most countries do n't have unconditional rights for illegal immigrants to receive free healthcare . 
  my own country does n't . 
  as for food , there are charities such as soup kitchens . 
  bear in mind that these conditions are exactly what many of our own homeless citizens already face . 
  the important point is that word would quickly get back to their families that life in europe is every bit as hard as lebanon or turkey and that paying the smugglers is a fool 's errand . 
   and do you honestly believe that there would ever be a time when we would allow that in our own first world countries ? 
  events often take us down unexpected roads . 
  i doubt that any of us envisaged the current crisis where huge swarms to people moved en masse across borders . 
  desperate times call for desperate measures and we owe it to our own people and to our future generations to rise to the challenge . 
   the flow would dry up after literally about a million people had died . 
  in mainland europe . 
  simply because we did n't want them . 
  how is that a solution to you ? 
  you 're being a bit melodramatic . 
  you 'd think that i suggested gassing them . 
  all i have suggested is taking the necessary measures to remove incentives . 
  these migrants are rational people and capable of recognising when the costs of moving outweigh the potential benefits . 
  it 's certainly worth a try . 
   alright , the system is n't the cause for the crisis maybe not , but the system is the cause of them traveling all the way to europe and especially germany . 
  you admitted yourself that the benefits are the reason they come to your country . 
  remove the benefits and remove the only incentives for them to enter . 
  if european countries ceased providing any forms of state assistance to migrants , the flow would soon dry up . 
  all that is needed is the political will . 
  stupid idea . 
  i somehow doubt that youth from immigrant ghettos who have more of an interest in rap music and action films are going to be receptive to theatres , museums and archaeological sites . 
  it might sound like a great idea to a bunch of cossetted western middle class liberals , but that 's as far as it will go . 
  the only language that isis and their supporters understand is the language of bullets and explosive ordnance . 
  that was just the opinion of a un committee . 
  it does n't carry any legal weight , so it does n't matter . 
  any country is free to ignore it . 
  you could always model the dummies out of plastic explosives . 
  as soon as they get close , boom . 
  that 's the problem with schengen and with open border agreements in general . 
  all it takes is for one country to undermine the border controls of the entire area . 
  we saw that with the way a huge chunk of the dutch somali community moved to the uk as soon as they got eu citizenship . 
  it 's nice to see a `` feel good '' story on here . 
  i ca n't help but wonder what her final thoughts were before she was finally dispatched . 
  thinking about the life she left behind , perhaps ... 
  agreed . 
  there 's nothing unfortunate about this . 
  a great outcome all round . 
  my dentist is romanian . 
  he does a great job , too . 
  though i can understand how worrying this will be for romania . 
   ca n't wait until a guided bomb lands on on her stupid head . 
  i 'd much rather she were captured by an anti-isis militia . 
  then she could get a personal taste of the treatment that her side 's menfolk were meting out to innocent civilians . 
  that would no doubt help our credit outlook in the event of brexit . 
  it would be much more economically disruptive for a eurozone and schengen member to leave the eu . 
  though if our credit rating gets lowered , our borrowing costs do rise . 
  even if it 's bullshit , it is still consequential bullshit . 
  the good news is that measures like that will discourage migrants from seeing the netherlands as a good destination . 
  they 're likely to go elsewhere if all that awaits them is homelessness . 
  we 've seen a similar story with the north sea oil industry in the uk . 
  but as regrettable as this is for the individuals affected , it does at least have a positive impact on all other aspects of the economy . 
  low oil prices help stimulate economic activity in just about every sector except the oil industry . 
  you ca n't let your entire economy be held to ransom by vested interests in the oil industry . 
  i had an exchange with a cybernat once who insisted that , because corbyn would n't come out in favour of scottish independence , he 's just a red tory . 
  these people are delusional . 
  welcome to the modern labour party . 
  if you think that they ca n't get stupider than this , just stick around for a while . 
  i 'm sure somebody else from the party will be around to surprise you . 
   sad that such persons never have to explain themselves in front of a court though nothing would be gained from it . 
  he 'd probably just try to disrupt the trial as much as possible . 
  then he 'd be trying to spread his ideology in prison . 
  or trying to escape . 
  this was the best outcome . 
   you know we are not turkey or mexico . 
  i did n't mean it in that way . 
  i know that you have overcrowded prisons in many developed countries , including my own . 
  i was just thinking that you could give these two a bit of extra special treatment . 
  the hungarians could always cut costs . 
  maybe they could keep them in the most squalid , overcrowded prison in the entire country . 
  we wo n't mind . 
  in most of the modern slavery cases i 've seen ( both here and in other western countries ) , the perpetrators originate from elsewhere . 
  often gulf arabs .
