  their promise was for a referendum of the eu constitution . 
  once that was rejected by the french , it was repackaged as the lisbon treaty . 
  that allowed the government to worm its way out of the referendum by acting like it was something completely different . 
  for a brexit supporter , this is all very encouraging . 
  there 's a great deal of hostility towards this fig leaf of a deal in the popular press . 
  this will likely only highlight just how little power we have in the eu . 
  it could have the opposite effect of what was intended . 
  it 's not so much that the uk does n't like europeans , more that we do n't consider them worthy of special treatment . 
  currently people from other eu states are allowed unfettered access to the uk , while people from countries such as the usa , japan , australia , etc. 
  are not . 
  i have never heard a satisfactory reason why that should be the case . 
  not to mention that a man can divorce his wife simply by saying `` i divorce you '' three times , while it is so much more difficult for a woman . 
  any woman who converts to a religion like that does n't have a shred of dignity . 
  i feared that might be the case . 
  i 've heard of a group of kazakhs that joined isis . 
  not just restricted to central asia , i 've heard that even bosnia is becoming more conservative . 
  is that because people are n't quite as devout ? 
  i 've heard that central asia is still pretty secular . 
  that does n't mean that 4,000 is n't too much for ireland . 
  no country should view the issue of immigration and refugee policy through the lens of merkel 's insanity . 
  just because germany 's government seems intent on committing national suicide does n't mean that the rest of the world should feel like joining them . 
  apparently muslim men are allowed to marry christian or jewish women without them converting , on account of them being `` people of the book '' . 
  though the children would be raised as muslims . 
  in practice , many of the womem convert anyway . 
  muslim women can only marry muslim men though . 
  i think that it is pointless to try and predict how europe will be in 50 years , never mind 200 . 
  few people during the 1980s thought that the soviet union would collapse in a decade . 
  history has a habit of taking very unexpected turns . 
  when i was at school a teacher just would n't accept it when i told her that the capital of australia was canberra rather than sydney . 
  you would probably get more sensible ideas on refugee policy from them . 
  even from the dead one . 
   if they 're german citizens why would they go to the uk ? 
  i 'm not sure what their exact motives are , [ but up to half of the dutch somali community moved to the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jan/28/british-dream-europe-african-citizens ) so it 's not exactly an unrealistic prospect . 
  with the sheer amount of people heading to germany , even a relatively small proportion could be a lot of people . 
   but that is an argument for more european union , not less . 
  i think that it could be argument for either more or less european union . 
  either full integration or full withdrawal . 
  it 's the current mess that 's the worst of all worlds . 
  you 've made a very detailed reply and touched on some interesting issues here , so i 'll try to address them . 
  first , i wo n't pretend that my views are guided by some sort of principle . 
  i look at things from a pragmatic perspective . 
  i view the nation state as the best , albeit imperfect , way of organising society . 
  that said , i oppose actions such as wars of aggression and state terrorism because any gains would be short term . 
  peace is in all of our interests . 
   i , personally , find it unethical to threat people differently based on the amount of money they have . 
  one person has a right to a good and prosperous life because he already owns a lot . 
  that is not fair or ethical . 
  a persons capability to contribute financilly to a country should not determine where he ends up in life . 
  especially because it 's more often then not not his fault that he is poor . 
  and the same is true the other way around . 
  chinese and russians millionaires that buy apartments in central london to become british citizens have n't earned their wealth in ethical ways most of the time . 
  they have n't worked harder the other and beat them in a fair , competetive marked to get to this points in their live . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i 'm aware of exactly what sort of things these russian and chinese oligarchs have done to accrue their wealth . 
  but from a pragmatic perspective , it makes more sense for them to invest in our country than somewhere else . 
  i also agree that it is in a sense unethical to treat people differently based on their wealth , but i would also argue that you have to weigh up such individual ethical considerations against the interests of wider society . 
   and illiterate does n't have to be the case . 
  do you really thing everyone who is n't rich is dumb and illiterate ? 
  especially in countries where wealth is something that is mostly based on your family connections and not on your abilities ? 
  i agree with this , i was using illiteracy more as an extreme example . 
  no , i do n't think that all poor people are dumb . 
  in fact , i do n't think that all illiterate people are inherently dumb . 
  many of them are the products of societies with inadequate or nonexistent educational systems . 
  i realise that there 's a great deal of human potential wasted , that even someone born into a family of goatherds in rural niger has the same inherent potential as anyone else . 
  but we also need to be pragmatic enough to accept that it 's highly unlikely that the illiterate goatherd will ever be capable of contributing economically to a developed society . 
  if you were to look at things through the prism of the purest of ethics , then the obvious conclusion would be a full open doors policy . 
  that would destroy the very fabric of western societies . 
  i believe that would unethical in its own right as it would effectively destroy the very prosperity that makes the western world the beacon of human civilisation . 
  most people do n't take too much notice of little details . 
  take merkel 's stupidity as an example . 
  when she announced last year that germany would be suspending schengen returns , she did n't say `` we 're opening our borders to everyone !, 
  '' , but that was what everyone heard . 
  the signal sent out was one of a country being unwilling to defend its borders , so people took advantage of that . 
  with denmark 's new measure , most people will miss the detail that it 's merely means testing migrants before giving them access to state assistance , in line with citizens . 
  instead , what they hear is `` we 'll be turning out your pockets and taking any wedding rings at the border . 
  oh , and we have the pliers ready for any gold teeth . '', 
  the signal being sent out is one of hostility , and that 's what people will react to . 
  i can understand why some danes might feel misrepresented in the media , but try to look on the bright side . 
  at least this means that migrants will be less likely to choose your country . 
  if you can make them more likely to choose germany and sweden then mission accomplished . 
  who cares about what a load of liberal virtue signalers have to say about the subject ? 
  you might as well embrace the situation . 
  i do n't see any issues with it . 
  i believe that my country 's immigration policy should be geared solely towards our national interests . 
  a multimillionaire migrant is far more capable of contributing economically to a country than an illiterate , penniless one . 
  that 's the reality of the situation . 
  fairness has nothing to do with it . 
  i 've been meaning to visit the azores for a while now . 
  from all the pictures i 've seen , it looks like the most beautiful place on earth . 
  from what i 've read it seems to have a very pleasant climate , as well as some interesting and unique flora and fauna . 
  i also like paragliding and i hear the place is great for that . 
  it 's also a handy place for extending my colonial range . 
  when somebody uses the word `` populist '' with total sincerity , it 's the surest sign that they 're an elitist who views the public with utter contempt . 
  it 's clear that the primary loyalties of mainstream conservatives and liberals in europe are towards the global financial elites rather than the people of their countries . 
  it 's only natural that newer `` populist '' parties should see this as an opportunity . 
  agreed . 
  we 're such important trading partners for each other . 
  it 's so much in ireland 's interests to ensure that trade carries on as seamlessly as possible and exactly the same is true for the uk . 
  we 'll want avoid any possible disruption caused by brexit so there 's a good chance that something would be in place before we even left .
