  besides , as the article said , female flight attendants can refuse to work the iranian route . 
  so no problem . 
  that 's just how it goes in iran . 
  the place is a backward shithole , but they 're entitled to impose whatever laws they please . 
  if you do n't like the country 's laws then do n't go there . 
  i certainly wo n't be . 
  it would be hypocritical for us to complain about immigrants not respecting our laws in our countries while not extending the same courtesy to their countries . 
  you were observing that posters were treating isis fighters differently to those who fought in the russia-ukraine conflict or for the peshmerga . 
  i told you why : it 's down to the ideology . 
  the law is a different thing . 
  but laws do take ideology into account , and good thing too . 
  that 's why it 's illegal to be a member of isis or al qaeda , yet perfectly legal to be a member of the green party or the quakers . 
  i do n't see anything outrageous with the idea of stripping isis fighters of their citizenship . 
  it 's hardly an insane idea . 
  obviously if the law prevents it then it ca n't be done , but laws change all the time . 
  it 's like when the chairman of a football club insists that he has every confidence in the manager . 
  you just know the manager 's time will soon be up when you hear that . 
  that 's because it 's a ** completely different ideology . 
  ** you ca n't in any way compare people fighting for a global caliphate with people fighting for a side in the russia-ukraine conflict or for the peshmerga . 
  isis has declared itself hostile to every form of government in the world except its own . 
  it does n't maintain diplomatic relations with other countries , it does n't sign or abide by treaties and it does n't recognise national borders . 
  fighting for isis can be reasonably considered to be a clear act of treason in a way that fighting for a non-hostile foreign army is n't . 
  the papal states were a theocracy , but they ca n't be in any way compared to isis . 
  isis intends to establish a global caliphate , commits genocide against anybody it considers an infidel and is openly hostile to every form of government on earth other than its own . 
  none of that applied to the papal states around the time of the risorgimento . 
  the papal states had diplomatic relations with all european states . 
  it was essentially a european state like any other , just with a rather different form of government . 
  i also never heard of any demobilised former zouaves committing mass murder against civilians . 
   those are very common arguments for a range of punishments for is supporters , ** solely ** for the act of going abroad to fight for a foreign cause . 
  no , not really . 
  the argument against westerners who choose for fight for isis has less to do with the fact that they 're fighting for a foreign cause and more to do with the nature of the cause they 're fighting for . 
  i do n't think that you 'll find too many people who condemn those who fight for peshmerga , in spite of it being for a foreign cause . 
  we had people from ireland fighting in the papal zouaves . 
  one of them became a member of parliament . 
  we did n't condemn them for treason because they were n't fighting against the uk . 
  in contrast , isis can be reasonably be considered an enemy of humanity itself given their open hostility to the entire international system . 
  [ for balance , the same person also made a video arguing in favour of voting to leave . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jual6ln-ueo ), 
  [ no , there were definitely aurochs in britain . 
  ] ( http://www.thejournal.co.uk/news/north-east-news/skull-ancient-beast-found-haughton-4467247 ) [ we even had some nice kitties , too . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/natureuk/2010/09/why-are-there-no-wild-lions-or.shtml ) it 's just that we were especially effective at exterminating our large wild beasts much earlier than the rest of the world , which is why our wildlife has ended up with a reputation as being very harmless . 
  as for badgers , that reminds me of the time i got in an argument with one . 
  i was cycling to school and a badger was standing in the middle of the road , as if it was blocking the path saying `` come at me , bro '' . 
  so i screamed a few insults at it and it ran away into the bushes . 
  i got into a similar argument with a goose once , too . 
  truly some fearsome encounters . 
  nice . 
  glad they 're still around . 
  good that they have n't gone the way of the aurochs . 
  i always think it 's a shame that those are extinct . 
  even though they 'd probably merrily gore me to death . 
  to my knowledge , we can ban other eu citizens from entering the uk , but only in very specific and exceptional circumstances . 
  public security being one of them . 
  so it would probably lead to a great deal of legal wrangling and appeals . 
  if we were out of the eu , we could just put a nice easy ban . 
  it 's because we ca n't automatically bar dodgy people from other eu countries from living in the uk . 
  even criminal convictions are n't sufficient on their own . 
  so you 'll end up with a situation where we 'll have to keep them under surveillance , which is a great drain on resources . 
  i forget where it was from , but i read something from a journalist who recalled speaking to some top guy from the leave campaign . 
  the campaigner said something along the lines of `` they ( the remain campaign ) have had their project fear . 
  now wait until you see ours ! '' . 
  looks like that 's happening . 
  it should n't surprise us that it has lead to this . 
  i do n't envy the people who are tasked with the job of trying to sell the eu . 
  there 's not much love for the eu from the british people , even among those who will be voting to remain . 
  so it 's inevitable that campaigning will be negative and focused on risks . 
  but the remain campaign are finding that they 're up against people who are quite adept at a bit of negative campaigning themselves . 
  come on , let 's cut the crap . 
  northern cyprus is just a puppet state . 
  it jumps to ankara 's tune . 
  if turkey cut off all forms of support to the northern cypriot state , it would disappear . 
  i know it , the whole world knows it and you most likely know it too . 
  nobody is swallowing the turkish government line on this one . 
  i prefer to see it as recognising cultural differences and acknowledging that different cultures often aspire to very different forms of government . 
  it 's what an impeccably tolerant western european such as myself must understand . 
  it 's all part of the rich tapestry of the world 's cultures . 
  besides , i think that you 're comparing apples and oranges here . 
  the situation in chechnya is very different to the situation in belgium and i think that it would a mistake for us not to understand that . 
  that post was n't talking about the uvf . 
  it was talking about the orange order and the broader loyalist community . 
   legally speaking turkey is on the island by the wish of a soverign country . 
  a country that is only recognised by turkey and absolutely nobody else . 
  that post was referring to loyalists in general and the orange order in particular . 
  it did n't refer to specifically to loyalist paramilitaries . 
  i have no regard for either the orange order or the loyalist paramilitaries , but i think that it would be a mistake to conflate the former with the latter , or with the loyalist community in general . 
  i would n't say that they 're as bad as the ira . 
  they 'd have to commit murders to be that bad . 
  they might be a bunch of bigoted wankers , but they 're not murderers . 
  this seems to be the normal reaction of the parents of those who go to fight in syria . 
  it 's always somebody else 's fault . 
  it 's never their fault for their shortcomings as parents . 
  it 's never the fault of their little angels for their decision to jet off to syria to commit atrocities . 
  oh no , it 's the fault of the authorities for not babysitting them closely enough . 
  we live in free societies . 
  this is n't the eastern bloc where people needed exit visas to leave their countries . 
  people are allowed to leave their country whenever they want without having to justify their decision to the state . 
  i would like to keep it that way . 
  if someone wants to go off to syria then let them . 
  their only thing that our societies should be doing differently is ensuring that they can never return . 
  oh yeah , i know that gaddafi was improving his relations with western politicians .
