  even if someone lives abroad , it is in their interests for their country of citizenship to be successful should they ever need to return . 
  it might not guarantee anything , but it 's the best mechanism we have . 
  people are n't members of the eu , countries are . 
  so this a decision that could only be taken collectively as a country , rather than as individuals . 
  i would disagree with your description of everyone except the 17 million leave voters as `` victims '' . 
  i also think it 's quite ridiculous to lump children in with remain voters . 
   but you see ... they also did n't have a say in whether or not they should be put in a position to have a say . 
  what ? 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  that we should have a referendum on whether or not to have a referendum ? 
  people do n't have a say on whether or not they should have a say in general elections , too . 
  but that 's the norm in every democracy everywhere in the world and it does n't invalidate the decision in any way . 
  hell , maybe we could do even further and have a referendum on whether we should have a referendum on whether we should have a referendum . 
   the referendum itself was an abuse by the tories who connivingly hid their administrative shortcomings with a favor to a scandalous bunch of less than 1 % of the population . 
  it does n't matter if the tory party was motivated by a desire to placate their eurosceptic wing . 
  it was n't them or any other party who decided the outcome of the referendum . 
  if the tories had forced through brexit without consulting the people , it would have been a democratic outrage . 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  the decisions was taken by the people . 
  not this again . 
   expressed no desire to be robbed of eu empowerment , the people who did n't vote also expressed no desire to remain in the eu . 
  but i would n't try to add them onto my side , because that would be a scumbag trick to try . 
  the only reasonably conclusion that anybody can make about these people is that did n't care all that much either way about the result . 
  if they cared about the issue , they would have voted . 
  they had their chance to have a say on the issue on june 23 last year . 
  they chose not to have a say , as is their right . 
  a lot of countries ban dual citizenship . 
  i 'm starting to think that they have the right idea . 
  it 's more difficult to have loyalties lying elsewhere when you only have citizenship with one country . 
  it 's certainly a difficult position , with considerable potential for divided loyalties . 
  it 's one reason that i think that countries that do n't allow dual citizenship might have the right idea . 
   i feel bad saying it , but i kind of want brexit to fail , to discourage other countries from leaving . 
  i would rather a shitty uk and a strong eu than no eu at all . 
  that 's an utterly appalling attitude to take . 
  all uk citizens should be hoping for their country 's success . 
  i thought to myself that it must be the booby prize posting . 
  ca n't imagine that it 's the most exciting and glamorous place to be . 
  it would only be a problem for you if you 're in a country that does n't have a british diplomatic mission . 
  [ fortunately , we have the fifth highest number of any country on earth . 
  ] ( https://www.lowyinstitute.org/global-diplomacy-index/country_rank.html ) unless you 're planning to go on holiday to places like mauritania , central african republic or syria you should be ok . 
  i mean , we 've even got embassies in north korea and somalia . 
  he asked for virtually nothing and he got virtually nothing . 
  it was posturing and was never going to convince anyone . 
  it would be useful as a forward military base so we can finish off some of the final remnants of nazi germany that are hiding out there . 
  there 's no point in attaching any significance to the downvote ratio early on . 
  it can be quite volatile early on , and usually settles down later . 
  it 's not like we were in love with the eu before putin came along and ruined it all . 
  the eu has always been a deeply unpopular institution and it was always going to be a matter of time before we had a vote on it . 
   like not even the pro-eu people could be bothered to make an argument for a greater union with their neighbours they did n't make the argument because they knew they would n't get anywhere with it . 
  there is n't any appetite for greater eu integration in the uk , even among many of those who voted remain . 
  if they made that argument , leave would probably have won by an even bigger margin . 
  yep , understood . 
  but it 's a pretty big ask to expect us to send our soldiers to die on your behalf if you 're not willing to give us full single market access . 
  i imagine that it would be quite difficult to sell that one to the british public . 
   well i hope uk will still uphold their treaty and protect our independence once putin bulldozers over our country ... 
  in that case , it might be a good idea for the eu to give us decent access to eu markets after brexit . 
  yes . 
  i like cake , you see . 
  but i always feel that sense of disappointment when it 's gone . 
  hopefully our negotiations will rectify that situation . 
   i see !, 
  the british were forced into voting for brexit . 
  we were in a way . 
  had the eu not humiliated david cameron and sent him home with nothing , there 's a good chance that we would have voted to remain . 
  the eu needs to shoulder the blame for their unreasonable and inflexible attitude . 
  airship would be better . 
  from image caption in article :  people from the uk , france and britain made up the lion 's share of foreign visitors to spain last year . 
  hmm ... 
  yep . 
  i hate just lying around on beaches . 
  fortunately spain is a great country with a fascinating history and culture . 
  something for everyone there . 
  no surprise that it gets so many tourists . 
  sure , as long as it 's done by competent , knowledgeable people and for good reasons , as opposed to an exercise in political posturing by clueless imbeciles . 
  bush had nothing to do with freedom fries . 
  that was a republican congressman . 
  i would n't count on europe uniting , either . 
  when bush went into iraq , plenty of european countries joined him , not just the uk . 
  europe is quite capable of dividing itself without american or british help . 
  i use firefox and i do much of my browsing using the private browsing mode , so it does n't store cookies . 
  the cookie warnings that i instantly get are a real irritation . 
  it is n't in the slightest bit useful . 
  whoever came up with the idea is a fucking moron . 
  it 's the sort of idea that could only come from a clueless politician or bureaucrat who probably only knows how to switch a computer on . 
  the religiosity of a country 's population will always influence the shape of its society . 
  it does n't matter if that country is completely secular or has a state religion . 
  turkey has for a long time been a strongly secular state , yet that secularism is currently being eroded due to a religious population voting for an islamist government . 
  i can see why gay people and jews might not want to see large scale immigration from religious groups that are far more hostile to them . 
  regardless of whether they live in a secular state , it has the potential to transform society in a bad way for them . 
  smugly asserting that a secular state will stop all this from happening would be an incredibly complacent thing to do . 
  even if their countries remain officially secular , it still has the potential to transform their societies for the worse . 
  i think that we should definitely be prepared to use our defence and intelligence commitments as leverage in any brexit negotiations . 
  if the rest of the eu genuinely wants to isolate us , then let 's be isolationist . 
  if the eu starts to act in a diplomatically hostile manner , i do n't see why we should object if putin ever decides to send the little green men on tour in the baltic states . 
  no reason for us to get involved . 
  it would be interesting to see just how credible europe 's defences are if one of its only two credible military forces decides to walk away . 
  seems to be the way headline writers often work . 
  i was expecting a rather strident opinion piece from a journalist ; instead i found a much more measured one from an eu commissioner . 
  it would better not to let them into the country until they can prove that they already know english . 
  i do n't see how this country will benefit by letting people in who then have to be given taxpayer-funded english lessons to get them up to an acceptable standard .
