  if you even bothered to research it rather than coming out with cretinous assumptions , [ you 'd know that the exact opposite is true ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-32805539 ), 
  agreed . 
  if i had to think of a mental image to pair with `` europe '' , it would be of a tasteful neoclassical building . 
  even though i know the americans went for that style in a big way , too . 
  then maybe those countries should wean themselves off their addiction to migrant labour ? 
  if they really must get unskilled migrant labour ( in the event of a genuine labour shortage ) , it would be better to run a guest worker program along the lines of the gulf states . 
  prevent them from bringing family members over and rigorously enforce their returns once their work permits are expired . 
  the reason they 're heading for germany is because you 're so accommodating to them . 
  if you were n't so ridiculously lenient they would n't be so eager to sneak into your country . 
  the burden of refugees on your country is a problem of your own creation . 
  so forgive us if we do n't want to be dragged into you own self-created mess . 
   refugees are n't immigrants . 
  as far as the host countries are concerned , it 's irrelevant . 
  the effects that these incomers have on their destinations will be the same regardless of whether they 're classified as refugees or economic migrants . 
   there are chances they may want to come back if their original country is safer one day . 
  yes , there 's certainly a chance . 
  probably up there with the chance of pigs flying . 
  it 's only a few thousand . 
  until the next few thousand . 
  and the few thousand after that . 
  when you let one group in , word quickly gets back and they start to try and bring their extended family in . 
  `` come on over , it 's great here . 
  you can stay at our place until you get some cash in hand job . '', 
  best to say no , and be utterly rigid on it . 
  some of it 's reasonable . 
  i like the skeletons tending to the plants , that 's an interesting one . 
  though the geometric shapes are crap , i really do n't get why anybody would want to look at those . 
  the turks elected a government that likes to beat its chest about its islamic credentials , so surely they should be happy to provide help to their fellow muslims . 
  they would n't want to sully themselves by begging for help from the filthy infidels now , would they ? 
   otherwise the general idea behind asylum is to repatriate refugees as soon as war/dictatorship/whatever is over . 
  hahahahaha !, 
  honestly , do you think anyone 's going to fall for that one ? 
  no , that 's not the main incentive for them entering europe . 
  firstly , many of them are economic migrants rather than refugees . 
  secondly , war is not the reason they entered europe . 
  it might be the reason they left their home countries , but the decision on which country to enter is a completely separate one to the decision on whether or not to leave their home countries , especially when they pass through many other safe countries to their destinations . 
  it 's a problem that is created disproportionately by the countries that are lax on asylum . 
  the likes of sweden and germany make claiming asylum so attractive there and help create the incentives for migrants to enter europe . 
  given that they help create the incentives , it 's only right that these countries should carry the burden alone . 
   there needs to be a uniform asylum policy in the eu . 
  the swedes bring these problems on themselves . 
  it 's their own laxity that makes them such an attractive place for asylum seekers . 
  i do n't see why more sensible countries should have to pay the price for swedish stupidity . 
  i doubt that many other countries would want to start some sort of asset seizure fight ( that could see retaliation in kind ) just because the hungarians fancy killing a few of their own people . 
  that 's a relief , because nobody has ever broke an international treaty before . 
  very long range for a patrol vessel . 
  looks like it will be good for role it 's been built for . 
  maybe helicopter facilities could have made it more versatile but still , looks decent . 
  right . 
  attack the smuggling rings . 
  utterly ingenious . 
  because , as we all know , these people are so easy to identify . 
  they just walk around with big neon signs over their heads that say `` people smuggler '' . 
  ca n't see this going wrong at all , no sir . 
  honestly , what village idiot did the eu find to come up with this idea ? 
  they did n't just settle , many of them were granted citizenship under the izetbegovi\u0107 government . 
  this was in spite of the fact that all mujahideen were required to leave under the dayton agreement . 
  fortunately a good few hundred of them have since been stripped of their citizenship and deported , but many remain . 
  regrettably , it 's also the view of scotland that many outside scotland get of the place . 
  sounds perfectly sensible . 
  though your foreign population is mostly european , is n't it ? 
  of course they 're going to fit into your society much better . 
   because we signed up to the refugee convention . 
  do n't like it , then ask your politicians to stop helping victims . 
  i 'd certainly be happy to withdraw from the 1951 refugee convention . 
  it was made for a very different world to the one we 're living in today . 
  of course , if such an idea was seriously floated i 'm sure all the liberals would be up in arms . 
   ideally , every peaceful nation should take in refugees , proportional to their economy and land area . 
  better to house them in refugee camps situated in the closest safe country , funded by the international community and administered by the unhcr . 
  that way they be easily returned when it 's practical to do so . 
   a couple ten thousand afghanis , sri lankans , iranians and syrians wont topple a nation of 22-80 million people or distort the culture . 
  they might not topple the country , but they can cause problems . 
  these are problems that i would rather avoid . 
   but people fleeing war , persecution or ethnic/religious violence need somewhere to go . 
  why us ? 
  we need to get over the idea that these people are all poor innocents . 
  yes , many of them are facing genuine persecution but they 're only fleeing because they 're on the losing side of an ethnic conflict . 
  if the conflict ended the other way they 'd most likely be taking part in the persecution . 
  let them in and we 're only bringing the problems to our own shores . 
  as soon as they 're rejected , they 'll just try to enter europe illegally . 
  if anything , we should be making it harder and more dangerous for people to enter europe . 
  better off keeping them out . 
  it 's been argued ( admittedly less so these days ) that we need to pay bankers such huge amounts because it was only way to attract people of such a high calibre . 
  look how that ended up . 
  they all have a sense of entitlement . 
  if european countries had sense they 'd teach them a real lesson . 
  lack of water is n't the main obstacle for large scale desalination . 
  it 's lack of energy . 
  desalination is very energy intensive and thus very expensive . 
  brilliant idea . 
  all we have to do is sort out africa and turn it into a veritable paradise . 
  truly ingenious , i do n't know why anybody did n't think of it before . 
  what 's thatcher got to do with it ? 
  it 's our actions today that that attract them . 
  if it became common knowledge that these migrants would get an infinitely more hostile reception than is currently the case , it could make a real difference to the figures . 
  even if every european country were to abolish schengen ( which wo n't happen ) , it would n't solve the problem . 
  migrants would still try to get here . 
  given that they 're willing to cross the mediterranean in boats that can barely float , manned border posts wo n't help unless they looked like the 38th parallel between the two koreas . 
  we have to look at why they choose to come all the way to the uk rather than trying to move to a different country , eu or otherwise . 
  we have to remove what makes this country so attractive to them .
