  many of them leave from libya , but they 're not libyan . 
  they 're merely using libya as a transit point . 
  either they destroyed their documentation or they never had it in the first place . 
  so the libyan authorities ( to the extent that they exist ) deny and responsibility towards them . 
  so they end up being taken to the nearest safe port ( usually sicily ) . 
  if you rescue these people , you end up with responsibility towards them . 
  given that the boats are usually unfit to reach even anywhere near the coats of europe ( often they do n't even reach 20 miles from the libyan coast before the italian navy fishes them out and takes them to europe ) , running rescue missions only helps them reach their goal . 
  they did n't help us out of altruism . 
  the us only got involved because japan and then germany declared war on them . 
  i 've never expected other countries to feel any kind of goodwill towards us . 
  we can only look after ourselves . 
  if you think that military strength is purely based on raw manpower then you 're an idiot . 
  if that was the case then north korea would be one of the world 's most militarily powerful countries . 
  power projection plays an important role and several hundred thousand soldiers armed with antiquated equipment just wo n't cut it . 
  military expenditure is a better way of measuring strength . 
  good . 
  this subreddit had to be an example of the worst moderation i 've ever seen on any website i 've ever been to . 
  they were clearly trying to push their own agenda . 
  all of those mods who pushed the megathread should be removed . 
  having nuclear weapons and a decent navy are n't mutually exclusive . 
  we could easily bolster our navy by heavily cutting or eliminating our ludicrous foreign aid budget . 
  as for this :  if you do this right , then you 'll also have secured the mediterranean , and you wo n't have migrants dying in the water or landing on your beaches , because your coastal defense folks will have picked them up . 
  and do what with them ? 
  there 's often nowhere to send them to as they do n't have documentation . 
  so they 'll end up being taken to europe . 
  no thanks . 
  the number one priority in the mediterranean needs to be in preventing these migrants from ever setting foot in europe . 
  if there is more eu military integration , i do n't want the uk to have anything to do with it . 
  the reality is that it would only be the uk , france and a few tiny bits latched on from other countries . 
  if other eu countries want to throw their weight around on the world stage , they should pay to bolster their own armed forces . 
  if they 're in camps in close neighbouring countries like turkey and lebanon , it will be a great deal easier to return them to their home country when the opportunity arises . 
  if they end up in the west , they 'll never go back . 
  they 'll have children who wo n't know any different than the european country they 've grown up in , so it will be impossible to return them . 
  but they 'll be stuck between two cultures , causing even more social tensions than we have already . 
  i do n't see why we should irrevocably change our societies just because syria has disintegrated . 
  we owe these people nothing . 
  i envy you people . 
  you 've shown us exactly how we should do things . 
  okie dokie . 
  can we rename the irish sea while we 're at it ? 
  we would n't want to imply irish ownership of it , after all . 
  only until they reach a certain age . 
  then they go downhill very rapidly . 
   also what the fuck does being beautiful have to do with a kid being happy ? 
  read the article . 
  romania 's 9.4 to our 7.3 is about body image ( basically how attractive they feel they are ) , not happiness . 
  this . 
  the typical view of life here would seem to be `` it 's shit , but most other places are more shit '', 
  walk down a street in any european town or city . 
  most women look average , hovering around the 5 out of 10 mark . 
  neither exceptionally beautiful nor exceptionally ugly . 
  if an entire population is rating themselves 9.4 , they 've got an extremely unrealistic view of themselves . 
  even 7.3 seems fairly high . 
  i could certainly see the temptation for france to do so . 
  i think the best way to solve the calais crisis would be for the uk to get a lot tougher on the illegal immigrants who get here . 
  if they knew that all that awaited them here was a life of utter squalor and destitution they would be less likely to try their luck here . 
  from the article :  `` we have to spread the responsibility on more shoulders in europe , '' the un 's high commissioner for refugees , antonio guterres , told the german newspaper `` die welt '' in its tuesday edition . 
   `` in the long term , it is not sustainable for only two eu countries - germany and sweden - to take in the majority of refugees with efficient asylum structures , '' he said . 
  guterres can go to hell . 
  there 's effectively a limitless number of them willing to enter . 
  things are already bad enough in the uk . 
  joining germany and sweden in such a masochistic policy would n't help alleviate their problems , but would only ruin our own country . 
  besides , if all these immigrants are so wonderful , then why are they being seen as a burden ? 
  surely they 're an asset for germany and sweden ? 
  yes . 
  we 're challenging the americans in the anti-terrorist paranoia stakes . 
  which is a shame , considering we had decades of ira terrorism without resorting to hysteria . 
  if i had to choose a single country that would be the only country i could ever visit abroad for the rest of my life , it would be italy . 
  so much there . 
  and the food , mmmmm, 
  looks like fun , but you 'd probably be raided by armed police and arrested as a possible terrorist if you tried that here . 
  yes , the problems with government penny pinching . 
  economies of scale go out the window . 
  what measures ? 
  more chances for the mother ? 
  [ she was already given chances and she blew them . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/aug/14/child-mother-court-of-appeal-latvian-girl-adoptive-parents-uk ) the longer you wait , the harder it is to find a family to adopt the child and the less chance there is of the child having a healthy , stable childhood . 
  the younger the child is , the easier it is to adopt them and the more effortlessly they settle into their new family . 
  and traumatising who , exactly ? 
  the child was taken away years ago , so she 's going to be settled with her new family . 
  if anything , pulling her away from this and giving her lowlife mother more chances would be even more traumatising . 
  if the mother is traumatised by it , then that 's just tough . 
  she should have thought about it before neglecting her daughter . 
  her feelings should n't be relevant . 
  they 're nuclear . 
  nuclear anything 's pretty expensive . 
  your submarines are all diesel . 
  i know your latest submarines are really excellent , stealthy diesel designs with hydrogen fuel cells , but they 'll always be cheaper than the nuclear option . 
  yes , i think that covers it pretty well . 
  correct decision . 
  the girl 's seven years old now and was taken into care at 21 months . 
  she might be a latvian citizen , but culturally she 's going to be british . 
  i doubt she even knows a word of latvian . 
  if you give the worthless lowlife mother too many chances then you end up depriving the child of the chance of a normal life . 
  the interests of the child need to be paramount . 
  if the mother wanted to influence her child 's upbringing then she should n't have subjected her to daughter to such terrible neglect . 
  her views should n't even be considered . 
   i do n't know why it was n't in the first place . 
  probably because it was n't necessary . 
  up until relatively recently , almost the entire uk population has been native english speaking .
