  plus even if they wanted to defect , few of them would simply because they would be worried about reprisals against their families . 
  the north korean regime regularly sends entire families to labour camps as a way of punishing a single family member . 
  it 's brutal but very effective at keeping people from defecting . 
  for some reason , i 've always been curious to see what the reaction would be if i walked into a fertiliser shop and tried to buy a truck load of ammonium nitrate , all while looking like [ travis bickle . 
  makes sense . 
  better to deter them from denmark so they choose germany or sweden instead . 
  if , in the event of a brexit , the eu wanted to play games by attempting to foment support for scottish independence , then i hope that the uk would treat it as a deeply hostile act . 
  in the event of such a hostile act , we should realign ourselves with russia against the eu . 
  uh huh . 
  what 's the next thing to wrong for us ? 
  maybe the skies will fall in on us without the protection of our benevolent brussels guardians . 
  or perhaps the whole country will sink into the atlantic under a tsunami . 
  michael white is one of the better columnists in the guardian . 
  he does n't wear ideological blinkers like many who write for that newspaper . 
  to deter them from doing it . 
  obviously . 
  the british government should introduce laws that hand out heavy prison sentences for british citizens who assist would-be illegal immigrants . 
  at least 5-10 years . 
   i agree that the uk is a lot more centrist/to the right than / r/uk , but the conservatives only won because of our broken fptp system . 
  iirc , they won with the vote of just 36.9 % of the electorate and just 14 % of the entire population . 
  they did n't win because 50 % + of the uk support the tories , it 's because they stragecially got the most votes of any party in the most number of consistuencies . 
  true , but add ukip ( which is further to the right than the tories ) and you get 50 % of the vote . 
  so the vote for right wing parties was even higher than the tory victory indicates . 
   also , labour having jc wo n't alienate their core voter base that much and he has a cult following in a previously disaffected non voting subsection - the under 25 's . 
  that 's huge and is likely to make the difference that tips the scale in their favour . 
  not really . 
  young people are consistently shown as having the lowest turnouts . 
  [ according to estimates from pollsters ipsos mori , ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3575/how-britain-voted-in-2015.aspx?view=wide ) turnout among the youngest 18-24 group ( 43 % ) is not much more than half that of the oldest 65 + group ( 78 % ) . 
  also bear in mind that it 's only going to be a small minority of young people who are enthusiastic about corbyn . 
  if all labour have got are their core vote and the handful of young people who will bother to turn out , they 're completely screwed . 
  it 's especially laughable given that argentina is largely a nation of settlers . 
  if they were to follow their own policy then would need to vacate all of argentina and give it back to the natives . 
  the ones they did n't kill off , that is . 
  i remember last year a survey was done on users of that subreddit asking everybody who they would be voting for . 
  if that subreddit was an accurate representation of the electorate , we would be governed by a labour-green coalition . 
  instead we got a conservative majority . 
   i get that he feels that ultimately the uk needs a working relationship with argentina and the urge he might have to compromise on issues such as this where the current situation does n't really benefit the uk . 
  i think that you 're giving him far too much credit . 
  it 's more likely a facet of the british left 's self loathing and their myopic desire to distance themselves from anything that thatcher did . 
  george orwell said it best :  england is perhaps the only great country whose intellectuals are ashamed of their own nationality . 
  in left-wing circles it is always felt that there is something slightly disgraceful in being an englishman and that it is a duty to snigger at every english institution , from horse racing to suet puddings . 
  it is a strange fact , but it is unquestionably true that almost any english intellectual would feel more ashamed of standing to attention during god save the king than of stealing from a poor box . 
  it was no different when we had an obsequiously pro-eu prime minister in the form of tony blair . 
  his parting gift before stepping down was giving away a chunk of our rebate in the hope of winning support for reforms . 
  we got absolutely nothing in return . 
  the eu ca n't be reformed . 
  the best we can hope for is to withdraw so they do n't have any power over us . 
  well , czech beer is excellent . 
  i 'd feel that it would be a crime not to drink industrial quantities of it while there . 
   what you say would hold water if the uk were trying to get a full reform of the eu rolling . 
  that 's not the case . 
  only because it 's a pointless endeavour . 
  take , for example , efforts to reform the common agricultural policy or the strasbourg parliament ; blocked by france . 
  the only way we 'll get any kind of meaningful reform is by leaving . 
  slingers only used stones if they were the only projectiles available . 
  [ lead sling bullets ] ( http://www.lloydianaspects.co.uk/weapons/slglandes.jpg ) were extremely effective . 
  thanks , that saves me some trouble . 
  this is why i have some understanding for turkey 's difficult position in this situation . 
  when your country has to live with seeing your people being constantly killed by armed separatist groups , you 're not exactly going to be too enthusiastic about seeing weapons being given to them . 
  we had a similar problem back when some of our american `` allies '' used to bankroll and arm the ira . 
   if we in the west allow them to run roughshod over us to prove our moral superiority , maybe we do have the inferior culture . 
  these people sense our weakness and exploit it . 
  i 've been increasingly coming to that conclusion myself . 
  exactly this . 
  these people might be scumbags but they 're not idiots . 
  they act like this because they know that they can get away with it . 
   super impressed . 
  excellent , i 'm glad you liked it . 
  i knew that they would behave like this . 
  i 'm not a government official , a cultural anthropologist or even someone who 's particularly well traveled . 
  i 'm just an ordinary person . 
  if i could see this coming then there 's absolutely no reason why anybody else could n't . 
   millions of people are part of the `` refugees welcome '' crowd out of naivety , not malice . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  i do n't see naivety as a positive quality in people . 
  there 's no excuse for such naivety in the information age . 
  people in the west are coddled and sheltered from reality . 
  that needs to change . 
   and it testifies of her sanity that she has changed her viewpoints after witnessing what the refugee centres were really like . 
  she has n't really changed her viewpoints . 
  she has become more aware of the true nature of many migrant men , but she 's still trying to help them . 
  she feels racked with guilt over her changing attitudes regarding these people . 
  she 's utterly pathetic . 
  she 's going as far as changing the way she dresses at the behest of these migrants . 
  if she had even the slightest shred of dignity she would walk out of that job and let these men wallow in their own filth . 
  she continues to be willfully stupid so she deserves nothing but ridicule and scorn . 
   i 'd rather deal with an immigrant than deal with you to be quite fucking honest . 
  maybe you think that , but i 'm actually a very polite person in the real world . 
  i certainly do n't go around groping women . 
  so there 's that . 
   this shit is fucking horrible and it definitely is not her fault . 
  maybe not directly , but it 's people like her that are responsible for this . 
  she chose the job because it was something she felt passionately about , so it 's safe to assume that she was always part of the `` refugees welcome ! '', 
  brigade . 
  it 's people like her that are instrumental in creating the conditions that attract these migrants . 
  i 'll save my sympathy for the ordinary german woman who just wants to celebrate the new year in cologne , yet becomes victim to these scum . 
  i wo n't have any sympathy for this woman . 
  she deserves everything she gets . 
  this is why i 'm confident that this referendum will be a win/win for eu-sceptics . 
  even if the stay side manages to scrape a victory , it will become abundantly clear to more and more people that the eu is nothing more than an instrument of global elites .
