  the un has recognised that while the falklanders will should be respected , argentina 's claim is not without merit . 
  `` colonial territory '' is a completely irrelevant term in the 21st century . 
  the falkland islanders were born and bred there , and only their opinions count , regardless of what the un say . 
   i do n't think that diplomacy necessarily always gives fruitful results , but i do know that acting like a prick on the international stage always gets you fuck all . 
  we do n't have any special aims in this dispute . 
  all we aim for is to hold onto the falklands . 
  given that there is no credible military threat from argentina , we do n't have to concern ourselves with their opinions on the matter . 
  we might as well just let them howl at the moon . 
  no it was n't . 
  it was an argument , but only someone who took absolutely no notice of the campaign could say it was the main argument . 
  if a country is making an utterly outrageous demand to you , you 're certainly not under any obligations to entertain and legitimise that demand by entering into diplomatic negotiations over the issue . 
  let 's say we decide that we want heligoland back . 
  after all , it was british territory at one point . 
  we make a demand to the german government that they hand it over to us . 
  obviously , they would tell us to fuck off . 
  let 's say we then say `` ok , we 're prepared to enter into diplomatic negotiations on the issue . 
  we 'll settle for joint sovereignty '' . 
  they 'd still tell us to fuck off , and rightly so . 
  there comes a point where diplomacy is neither realistic nor desirable . 
  or are you naive enough to think that absolutely every country and every government can be negotiated with in a reasonable manner ? 
   to me , an outsider with not a good grasp on what is actually happening in britain and in the labour party , the corbyn situation is what would have happened in america if bernie sanders suddenly became leader of the democratic party surrounded by politicians who take lots of money from corporations and banks ... ofc there would be infighting and the party would seem in shambles , but at least someone at the helm of the party would actually try to steer things back in the right direction . 
  hahahahaha . 
  no , just no . 
  corbyn is n't pulling labour in the right direction at all . 
  he 's just pulling it further and further away from power . 
  the public thinks that he 's a joke and his ideas on issues like nuclear weapons , the falklands and northern ireland put him firmly on the lunatic fringe of british politics . 
  all of those will give massive amounts of ammunition to the conservatives in the next election . 
  they will utterly destroy corbyn . 
  labour has never been further from power than it is right now . 
   that 's not strictly fair . 
  he said , in response to argentina re-staking their claim , that everything was on the table , including power sharing , but that the views and wishes of the islanders come first . 
  if he 's not willing to just state outright that the falkland islanders are british and that the islands should remain as a uk overseas territory , he can go to hell . 
  there 's no room for flexibility on this issue . 
  someone who is trying to convince the people that he should lead this country should , at the very least , be willing to take his own country 's side unequivocally . 
  unfortunately , he 's part of that british left wing tradition that is willing to side with every country except his own . 
  that is why he will never be prime minister . 
  if a country ignores a ruling from the international court of justice , enforcement can be referred to the un security council . 
  given that russia is one of the five permanent members that holds a veto , that wo n't happen . 
   if there is a single person involved in all of these attacks , it appears very likely to me that we 're dealing with someone who is mentally ill . phew , i 'm glad that somebody was here to set the record straight . 
  thank you for your diagnosis , doctor . 
  this sub is absolutely pitiful for uk news in general . 
  it 's full of people who know absolutely nothing about the uk political system , but it does n't stop them from sharing their ill-informed opinions . 
  no u, 
   i have to walk about knowing that 52 % of the people around me are a shower of cunts  no need to be a cunt about it . 
  got ta love that heroic lack of self-awareness . 
  i completely understand that , it 's a perfectly legitimate and reasonable aim . 
  i do n't see anything wrong in principle with a missile shield . 
  but i think that it definitely helps to try and think like your opponent thinks . 
  in this case we need to try and approach the situation through the mindset of a russian politician or general who thinks that the west is out to contain , weaken and possibly destroy their country , either militarily or politically . 
  you see a missile shield being created that could potentially encircle your country , leaving you completely unable to launch a counterattack . 
  you will then come to the conclusion that they will soon be able to attack you and you wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
  even if you do n't think that the west is planning an imminent attack , you might be worried about them trying it in future . 
  even if you wish to strike a more conciliatory tone towards the west , there will be plenty of paranoid , hawkish people around you in positions of power that are pushing you to adopt a more belligerent tone . 
  so what do you do if you 're in that position ? 
  that 's when the situation can get dangerous . 
  it is n't quite as simple as that . 
  during the cold war , it was the doctrine of mutual assured destruction that held the balance of power . 
  when both superpowers were guaranteed to be able to completely destroy each other , it kept an uneasy peace . 
  a credible missile shield would change that . 
  if one of the superpowers was able to completely destroy all incoming missiles , the balance of power would be irrevocably changed . 
  for the country that is building it , it could make a preemptive nuclear strike more tempting as they would be protected from a similar response . 
  that could embolden them to attack , especially if they were in a rush to do it before the other side built their own missile shield . 
  for the other superpower , the missile shield could make them feel especially vulnerable . 
  they might even be tempted to preemptively attack the other superpower before they manage to complete a missile shield that offered them full protection . 
  they might think `` we need to nuke them now . 
  if we wait until the missile shield is online , they 'll be able to attack us with impunity . '', 
  i 'd say about 70-75 % . 
  most polls have usually showed a rough quarter of the population who are completely pro-eu , being in favour of joining the euro even today , and having consistently been in favour of every eu integration effort . 
   that 'll happen when the eu will be a federation . 
  we 're not there and so nope . 
  the eu needs to decide what it wants . 
  it 's no good for countries to retain their independent status , with their own passports , embassies , un representation , etc. 
  only to complain when they get treated as separate countries . 
  if eu states want to be treated as a single , unified bloc then they need to start acting like one . 
  [ hmmm , that 's debatable . 
  ] ( http://www.grimsbytelegraph.co.uk/images/localworld/ugc-images/276369/binaries/bbc-resultr-map.jpg ) in the south , it was only really london that we could say voted particularly heavily for remain . 
  when you look at the south of england outwith london , it goes more for leave . 
  especially for the south west and south east . 
  [ this interative map gives some interesting insights . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-36616028 ), 
  poor dear . 
  do n't worry yourself too much about it . 
  when you get a little older you 'll probably be looking back and laughing at how dramatic you were about the whole thing !, 
  indeed . 
  it was those supposedly self-evident benefits that i was questioning . 
  many americans are certainly questioning what they get out of the situation . 
  even when things go particularly badly , there 's always something to lose . 
  absolutely . 
  and more americans are starting to question what they get out of this . 
  which is why it might be a good idea for other nato members to start pulling their weight on military spending rather than self-righteously congratulating themselves about how generous they are with aid spending . 
  how adorable . 
  i 'm sure all that humanitarian aid is just what is needed to deter putin from sending his little green men to the baltic states . 
   i 'm not worried since i 'm safeguarded by the uk leaving the eu , we have an opt-out anyway . 
  so it wo n't impact on us even if it enters force before we leave . 
  nice , looks like the perfect place to wash the potatoes . 
  i do n't think that miliband was a terrible candidate , and i do n't think that he would have been an incompetent prime minister . 
  he just did n't seem like prime minister material to most people . 
  if you really want to see what a shit candidate looks like , just look at corbyn . 
   uk was poised to be the main eu country , now you voted to slide into anonymity . 
  not this crap again .
