  maybe we can drag this whole thing out for a little longer . 
   still you seem to invest a lot of energy into discussing with me . 
  nobody who matters is listening to you . 
  the only people who will ever pay any attention to you are a bunch of nobodies on reddit such as myself . 
   maybe you should learn that not everybody is bowing to the big british empire anymore . 
  that people are happy to see the anti-european-britons leave the european union . 
  funny how it 's only ever the pro-eu people who bang on about the british empire . 
  those of us who want to leave could n't care less about it . 
  and we 're not looking for anyone to bow down to us . 
   as i see it , it was the british peoples democratic decision , to do so . 
  do n't let me keep you . 
  you 're not keeping us . 
  we 're coming to our own decisions about the best way to manage our withdrawal from the eu . 
  it 's a decision that will be based purely on our national interests . 
  the opinions of people in other countries are n't relevant . 
   farewell on your island and live a happy life . 
  go now !, 
  we 'll go , but not just yet . 
  we have a lot of stuff to work out first . 
  like i said , it will all be done at a convenient time for us . 
  keep telling yourself that will happen , if it makes you feel better . 
  we 'll leave at a time of our own convenience . 
  you do n't get any say in the matter , so deal with it . 
   one can go peacefully or by force , your choice . 
  you do n't have any say in the matter . 
  it does n't matter how butthurt you get about it , your views on the subject are irrelevant . 
  nobody is going to listen to you . 
  if you want to fantasise about such things then go right ahead , but do n't fall into the trap of confusing your fantasies with reality . 
  you will only be disappointed . 
   i 'm not surprised that you 'd want to leave , if you think so little of the rest of us on the continent . 
  it 's not the people of the continent that i have any problem with . 
  it 's the eu elites . 
  if we give them the chance , they will destroy us . 
  hey , i know that it would make your irish republican heart sing to see us all massacred tiananmen square-style , but i do n't think it 's all that realistic to expect us to vote for it . 
  yeah , and i 'd rather not be on the receiving end of it . 
  depends on the situation . 
  if we 're talking about standard civil unrest ( looting , etc. 
  ) , that 's one thing . 
  what i fear is that what you call peace would really mean forced compliance . 
  what i fear is that if a country tried to leave the eu , the eu army would be called in to actively prevent it . 
  when the people would then protest , we would probably get massacres . 
  it 's one of the reasons i voted to leave . 
  i want us to get out before the eu has any military capability that it would use against us . 
   you get your nation-states and society that is inherently pro-enlightenment values . 
  so you get to live among your ethnic culture and live in a modern , progressive society . 
  with the way things are going in much of europe , i would n't count on that . 
  most of us do n't relish the thought of foreign soldiers being called in to massacre our population should they turn against the eu . 
   maybe not , but at least people used to listen to european music ( opera ) and had interest in european art and languages . 
  only the elites . 
  the common man never cared for any of that . 
  which is no doubt one of the reasons why the working classes went overwhelmingly for leave . 
  first sensible post in this thread . 
  best to wait until figures are released before coming to any conclusions . 
  the denial of these particular grants might have happened anyway . 
   that 's very interesting !, 
  i an genuinely curious how could this happen ? 
  any link , please ? 
  [ link here . ], 
  ( http://openeurope.org.uk/today/blog/the-mechanics-of-leaving-the-eu-explaining-article-50/ ) to quote the relevant part :  theoretically , there is nothing to stop a british government unilaterally withdrawing from the eu by simply repealing the 1972 european communities act . 
  article 50 compels only the eu to seek a negotiation , not the withdrawing member state . 
  however , while this may be the case in principle , such an approach would likely damage the uk 's chances of striking a preferential trade agreement with the eu after exit -- since its first act as an ` independent ' nation would have been to have reneged on its eu treaty commitments . 
  it would also mean there is no transition period , so eu legislation along with the uk 's free trade agreements via the eu lapse immediately . 
  since some eu law applies in the uk directly , the uk would need to legislate to replace it . 
  withdrawing without invoking article 50 would be very much the `` nuclear option '' , but it 's an option that remains open . 
  this . 
  foreign nationals should only be granted residence in a country if they can make the case that their presence is a positive thing for that country . 
  if there are reasonable doubts , they should be deported . 
  the content of youtube comments is not so not really down to the nationality or political leanings of the commenters . 
  it 's more to do with the youtube comment section being full of retards . 
  somewhat hyperbolic , but raised some interesting points . 
  i do n't necessarily think that it would really be a bad thing for our political elites to recognise that the uk 's days as a great power ended a while back . 
  it 's better that we accept our limitations rather than hang on the coat tails of foreign power blocs in the delusion that it improves our standing in the world . 
  maybe this way we wo n't get dragged into everybody else 's problems so much . 
  it 's always more convenient for other eu member states to blame the uk for holding the bloc back than to face up to its own shortcomings . 
  that is n't going to change any time soon . 
   if the vast majority of the germans wanted to kill all the jews , that would n't have made the holocaust democratic . 
  yes it would have . 
  it would still have been utterly monstrous , but it would also be perfectly democratic . 
  you only have to look at ancient athens to see that democracy can lead to some pretty awful decisions . 
   the protection of minorities is an important part of democracy , no it is n't . 
  the protection of minorities is more of a principle of liberalism than democracy . 
  there is n't anything inherently democratic about it . 
  in fact , in cases like this , we can see a situation where liberalism and democracy are in a direct collision with one other . 
  of course , it 's perfectly fair to argue that minorities should be granted certain legal protections , even when the majority of the people are very much against them . 
  it 's a legitimate political position to take . 
  however , it should be argued on its own merits , rather than pretending that there 's anything democratic about it . 
  remember , it 's only democracy when you agree with it . 
  if you disagree with it , it 's undemocratic . 
  that 's definitely how it works , yes siree . 
  well , surely that 's our problem ? 
  it 's nothing that any of you people need to worry about . 
  we can take as long as we please . 
  we do n't answer to germany or anyone else . 
  maybe we 'll invoke article 50 tomorrow . 
  maybe we 'll do it in six months . 
  or a year . 
  or two years . 
  maybe we 'll just keep dragging the whole thing on for as long as we can for shits and giggles . 
  it 's up to us . 
  do n't confuse your own fantasies with reality .
