  well played , sir . 
  it 's true . 
  after the brexit vote , people on here were acting like a bunch of spurned lovers , masturbating over their dreams of the uk disintegrating . 
  this thread is a bit more sensible than usual . 
  i would argue that it would even more foolish for scotland to be independent if the uk leaves the single market . 
  if the uk is out of the single market and scotland is in the eu , that will result in trade barriers . 
  given that the vast majority of scotland 's trade is with the uk , that would be utterly disastrous . 
  also :  timothy , her closest adviser and chief of staff , hailed her `` prescience '' in a later blog post as he laid out the most detailed account of his foreign policy , attacking liberal interventionism . 
  in it he said the `` single , overriding lesson from iraq '' was that the u.k. needed to `` rediscover the principles of a traditional , realist , conservative foreign policy . ''  he added : `` value stability . 
  respect sovereignty . 
  do not make foreign policy part of an ideological crusade . 
  do not try to recreate the world in your own image . 
  do not , however much you might disapprove of a dictator 's abuse of human rights , use that as a pretext for regime change . 
  always act on the basis of the national interest . 
  above all , understand the risk involved when things change in complex and volatile states . '' and :  a number 10 source said may was , at heart , `` a pragmatist . '' `` she does what is in the national interest . '' may will not be making any cameron-style comments about donald trump , the source added . 
  in what universe am i supposed to see this as a ~ ~ band ~ ~ bad thing ? 
  after having to endure the utterly incompetent foreign policies of blair and cameron , it will be incredibly refreshing to have a bit of cool-headed realism for once . 
  stop it , you 're making me hard . 
  that has nothing to do with the point i made . 
  yes , i noticed . 
  but for someone who insists that it 's not your problem , you seem awfully preoccupied with brexit . 
   its not our problem . 
  the ira bombing campaigns originated from within northern ireland , a part of the uk . 
  excellent . 
  in that case , you do n't need to concern yourself with it . 
   we 'll have to protect irish producers from devalued uk trade and the uk will have to compensate its producers for any lost trade . 
  that will be ireland 's choice . 
   the uk will have to deal with ira bombing campaigns on its own as they 've burned their partners in the peace process with brexit . 
  i bet that prospect thrills you , does n't it ? 
  we wo n't be imposing anything on ireland . 
  we 're in no position to . 
  we will be leaving the ball entirely in dublin 's and brussels ' courts . 
  it will be up to the eu if customs checkpoints are imposed across the border and it will be up to the irish government to decide whether it wishes to abide by the eu 's edicts . 
  this is not something that we 're forcing on you . 
  you 're an independent country and it 's up to you to decide what course of action is best for your national interests . 
  sometimes that results in making difficult decisions . 
  i 'm so sorry that we 're not willing to follow germany in committing national suicide . 
   then do a safe zone . 
  not this again . 
  there 's a reason why creating a safe zone has never been attempted , and that 's because it 's a stupid idea . 
  there 's already a safe zone . 
  it 's called turkey . 
  but the migrants are n't simply looking for safety , they 're looking to improve their standards of living . 
  if the standards of living that they get in turkey are n't good enough for them , it 's difficult to imagine a safe zone in syria doing that . 
  a safe zone wo n't stop these people from trying to leave . 
  absolutely . 
  it would be stupid if we were n't prepared to use these projects as leverage . 
  hopefully everyone will act like adults and it wo n't be necessary , but we need to keep our options open . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  what makes this so frustrating is that western countries have the means to easily stop all this from happening . 
  the flow of people could be stopped completely in a few weeks . 
  it 's not like we 're at a military disadvantage . 
  i doubt we would even need to go as far as gunning them down . 
  all we need is the political will . 
  great post , i completely agree . 
  people across the west would n't be turning to the likes of rt if our politicians and media were n't so utterly dishonest . 
  it 's a shame , because i would rather not see my countrymen tuning into foreign propaganda outfits . 
  after all , whatever your opinions are on putin , it would be incredibly naive to imagine that he has our best interests at heart . 
  but it 's no surprise that this is happening given the conduct of our media and political elites . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i aim to please . 
  or else what ? 
  does n't look to me like germany has any power to stop turkey . 
  if anything it 's turkey that has the power due to the migration crisis . 
  breitbart has its place . 
  i do n't agree with everything they say , but it 's good to have something that shakes up the cosy liberal consensus in the media . 
  if traditional journalism is being killed by the internet , that only shows what a shit job these journalists were doing . 
  they only have themselves to blame . 
  we do n't make huge amounts of cheap stuff like the chinese . 
  our goods tend to be the real quality , high value goods . 
  i imagine our surveillance tech is some of the best that money can buy . 
  what makes you think that you have a monopoly on `` western values '' ? 
  i 'm quite aware of what a fetid cesspit saudi arabia is . 
  but jobs are jobs and money is money . 
  we ca n't afford to be fussy . 
  i have no regard for the place , but if someone 's going to sell them the weapons then it might as well be us . 
  the english would rather drink their own piss than vote for the snp . 
  source : scottish person , living in england . 
  excellent , that 's exactly the sort of stuff a british prime minister should be doing . 
  any pm should do everything they can to support manufacturing jobs and inward investment . 
  they must be cursing the news . 
  inb4 `` but brexit has n't happened yet !!!!!!! '', 
  the best thing about these olympics has definitely been the graceless whingeing that has been emanating from some ( but by no means all ) french people . 
  my favourite was from the french journalist and former cyclist and coach antoine vayer . 
  his twitter feed was just so full of salt . 
  it would be better for them if they just focused on doing better . 
  but clearly it 's easier to have a tantrum about how unfair it all is . 
  utterly cringe-inducing . 
  [ he 's also an ex-convict . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25492017 ), 
   considering eu immigrants pay more into the treasury than they take out , sure , but not all eu immigrants do that . 
  it 's only when you lump them all together as one huge category that you come to that conclusion . 
  they advantage of getting rid of freedom of movement is that we could pick and choose the immigrants that are net contributors while keeping out the ones who are n't . 
   it 's already established and proven long ago that the richer countries benefited economically from immigration . 
  of course , we should also bear in mind that it does n't mean that everyone in the uk benefited from eu immigration . 
  the employers certainly benefited , but i doubt that the ordinary worker did . 
  it 's far too early to say what the effects of brexit will be . 
  we do n't even know what brexit will look like , so it 's even more foolish to try and predict what the geopolitical implications for europe will be . 
   mate i doubt it 's over 20 % now , [ nope  ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/08/03/voting-intention-conservative-lead-increases-fourt/ )  on the brexit vote , there does n't seem to have been much of a `` buyer 's remorse '' effect , with 46 % of people believing that , in hindsight , voting to leave the eu was right , compared to 42 % who felt it was wrong and 12 % who do n't know . 
  stripping out the do n't knows gives 52 % right and 48 % wrong , mirroring the referendum result itself .
