  with the decline of union membership , the natural route into labour politics for the working classes has been closed off . 
  not it 's just the middle class liberal types . 
   glasman has spoken intelligently about the ` blue labour ' project , and so has jon cruddas , but those are intellectuals/policy wonks more than they are campaigners . 
  if the labour party had any sense then it would listen to those people . 
  unfortunately , it does n't . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it will be fantastic fun . 
  you would n't be able to keep me away from this place !, 
   gee , considering labour 's struggles with their working-class base , those kind of people are the best the remain camp has managed to put out ? 
  labour 's working class base is much more likely to be in favour of brexit . 
  it 's the middle class champagne socialists who love the eu . 
  this is why labour is having a lot of trouble with this referendum . 
  ** you ** are n't going to decide a damn thing . 
  your government will , then you 'll just quietly go along with it without complaint . 
  nothing you can do about it . 
  of course , no prosperous country would ever want to join the eu these days . 
  the only applications they 'll ever get are from economic basket cases looking for a free lunch . 
  i hope that you 'll be adding a fourth country to that list soon . 
   you 're absolutely right , but we have some laws in the uk to prevent lies being for example , included in advertisement . 
  i understand that political parties and campaigns are exempt from those laws as long as any lies are n't being used to solicit money as part of a fundraising drive . 
  in 2005 , [ the british government capitulated during eu budgetary negotiations , ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2005/dec/17/eu.world ) resulting in the loss of a big chuck of our rebate . 
  the government also agreed to the lisbon treaty , which made us lose our vetoes on many areas of policy . 
  british governments are utterly spineless when negotiating with the eu . 
  if we 're still in the eu , i want our government to be much more assertive . 
  i want them to be willing to destabilise europe in order to extract concessions . 
  who does n't enjoy a little salt ? 
  i support leave . 
  if it 's a vote to remain then i accept that . 
  however , if we do vote to remain then i hope that the british government is much more assertive in defending the uk 's interests in future . 
   although my country benefits at a surplus , i think it 's a great idea . 
  i bet you do . 
  nobody is convinced by cameron 's pathetic renegotiation . 
  we 'll have to get much better concessions than those paltry ones . 
   expect a lot of skilled pro-eu people to leave the country . 
  i doubt you 'd get too many doing that . 
  some people will be sore about it , but they 'll get over it . 
  i support brexit , but i 'll accept if if the people vote to remain . 
  i respect the will of the people . 
  i just hope that any vote to remain would be followed by a much more assertive role by the british government in ensuring that we extract every concession possible from brussels , no matter how many people we piss off in the process . 
   seems like a fault of the remain campaign to me . 
  there is both a clear idealistic and a realpolitik case to be made for staying in the eu . 
  the problem with what you 're saying is that british people do n't respond well to idealistic arguments . 
  if you try to make an idealistic argument towards a typical british person , their eyes will glaze over and their mind will wonder . 
  the only way to convince british people to endorse a political organisaton like the eu is to appeal to their wallets . 
  the remain campaign are british people who understand their own culture , so they realise that . 
   do we really want you to stay ? 
  well facts and figures show us that it would be in our best interest ( both of us ) . 
  but all this drama is becoming a bit too much . 
  your leaders want us to stay . 
  no doubt they 're worried that us leaving would blow a hole in the eu 's budget and their fisherman would have to find other waters to pillage . 
   a vote to stay will come with the expaction that you guys have made up your minds and will play by the rules . 
  well , i would very much like a pet unicorn . 
  unfortunately , we ca n't all get what we want in life . 
  we 're not going to suddenly become a bunch of good little federalists . 
  it 's time for everybody to realise that . 
   if , as you say , this will make the uk even more demanding ... well , maybe you ought to vote leave then . 
  i will be voting to leave . 
  but do n't count on the rest of the population doing the same . 
  i think that we will probably vote to stay . 
  if that happens , you 'll just have to get used to our antics . 
   in the end there will be no winner after this , only losers . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the outcome of this referendum in a win-win for the uk . 
  i would like for us to leave . 
  but even if we do n't , we can still cause as much trouble as we like for our own benefit . 
   please . 
  and stop complaining . 
  sorry , we have n't made our mind up yet . 
  but we 'll be sure to let you know when we come to a decision . 
   maybe i 'm reading this wrong , but if you 're going to stand out and oppose further integration this much , would n't leave be the better option anyways ? 
  yes , i am voting to leave . 
  but many people do n't feel that way . 
  even though i 'm for leaving , i still think that the likeliest outcome is a vote to remain . 
   i do n't think it 's personal either . 
  but people would like for things to move forward , and perpetual obstructionism is getting on everybody 's nerves . 
  that 's just tough . 
  if they want us to remain in the eu , dutifully paying our net contribution of billions of pounds , they 're going to have to get used to fact that we 're probably going to be even more obstructionist than ever . 
   ideally a ` remain ' vote would be full commitment to the eu , but judging by some comments here , that 's not at all what you had in mind . 
  of course it 's not what anybody had in mind . 
  hardly anybody in the uk likes the eu . 
  we would n't be having this referendum if it was a popular institution . 
  even the vast majority of those who are voting to remain do n't actually like the eu , they 're just voting that way because the think that the alternative is worse . 
   should the british vote against brexit , perhaps by 55 % or 60 % rather than 50.1 % , then that would be a mandate . 
  then the british should stop doing the things that have irritated the rest of europe for years : special requests , self-pity and wretched haggling over every last detail . 
  this bit was the cherry on top . 
  `` we want you to stay but you really need to behave yourself or mummy will be very cross ! '', 
  what a load of condescending horse shit . 
  if we vote to stay , we 're not going to start acting like germany . 
  not in a million years . 
  in fact , there will be a lot of pressure on the british government to act much more assertively in defending the uk 's interests . 
  so expect more and louder demands for opt outs and more uk vetoes . 
  these people are clearly completely and utterly clueless about us . 
  if other eu countries really wanted us to stay , then giving us a mixture of insincere flattery and veiled insults is n't really the best way to go about it . 
  if they wanted us to stay , then the way to go about that would be to give us a better offer . 
  however , that is n't forthcoming , so i 'll definitely be voting to leave . 
  i sort of know what you mean , even though i 'm a brexiter . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm still voting to leave , but there 's a sense of `` woah , shit has got real . '', 
  well , at least if we vote to remain we can still troll some more . 
   the eu is currently taking sanctions against poland , you might wan na take a look . 
  sanctions against poland is one thing , sanctions against the uk is quite another .
