  that 's not something that you can quantify . 
  the amount we pay into the eu every year is . 
  yeah , because the taliban were well known for their humane and gentle treatment of prisoners . 
  that would actually piss me off , and i voted leave . 
  i 'd rather this whole thing just become a forgotten footnote in history . 
  i do n't think that there 's an real conspiracy behind the political line that the daily mail or any other newspaper takes . 
  they pander to their readership . 
  it 's heading that way . 
  if the eu was n't constantly grabbing more powers from member states , we would n't be in this situation right now . 
  at least there was that small element of self-awareness in the article . 
  i do n't see how an institution like the eu will ever prevent war . 
  all the civil wars that have occurred throughout history will testify that political union is no guarantee of peace . 
  i think that our peace is more down to the fact that democracies rarely go to war with one another . 
  i would absolutely support keeping someone like that in total solitary confinement until the day they die . 
  unfortunately , that is n't what would happen here , as the authorities would end up getting taken to court for violating the animal 's human rights . 
  so it 's better for all of us that he 's dead . 
   yeah something is n't right here . 
  some reports are coming out that he is in jail , but other sources are saying the met office released the name . 
  probably not , given that the met office deals with weather forecasting rather than counter-terrorism . 
  no they did n't . 
  that was churchill . 
  no , fuck that . 
  he 'd only be trying to spread his ideology from behind bars , all while costing the country a load of money . 
  better if he dies , ideally very painfully . 
  mmmm , i love all these delicious revenge fantasies . 
  no matter how unrealistic they are , they never fail to entertain . 
  it 's what keeps me coming back to this sub . 
  [ indeed . 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/001/106/834/7e5.png ), 
   it would seal the issue for another generation , this time for real . 
  no it would n't . 
  as soon as the snp lost indyref2 , they 'd start agitating for indyref3 . 
  they 'd only look to manufacture some other grievance to justify it . 
  people thought that the first referendum would answer the question and kill scottish nationalism as a political force . 
  just as they thought that introducing a devolved parliament would blunt support for independence when it ended up doing the opposite . 
  it 's time for the british government to stop pandering to the snp . 
  the independence struggle in ireland bears no resemblance whatsoever to the situation in scotland . 
  scottish people ( of which i am one ) are n't oppressed or discriminated against in any way . 
  and there obviously is n't going be a situation where the british government sends in the modern day equivalent of the black and tans . 
  the parallels simply are n't there . 
  this is why i roll my eyes whenever anybody insists that preventing a referendum will backfire . 
  it will only backfire if you go on to allow one . 
  if you hold the line and just say no , there 's absolutely nothing that anybody will be able to do about it . 
  your country has proved that very well . 
  the french op went on quite a rant , calling for the ethnic cleansing of british-identifying people from northern ireland . 
  also described british people as the ugliest in europe . 
  you can tell from his post history that he 's pretty obsessed with the uk . 
  pathetic , is n't it ? 
  few british people have even the slightest interest in french politics , but this guy is completely obsessed with us . 
  not just remain voters , but some leave voters , too . 
  i should know because i fall in the latter category . 
  if the eu was genuinely going to have its powers and competencies curtailed , i would have voted remain . 
  it was only because i knew there was no realistic chance of that happening thta i voted leave . 
   what makes you think any eu member state would say `` ha ha !, 
  now we 're kicking out your people from here , because we do n't like money and we want to make sure no one else thinks about opening businesses or settling down on our soil ! '' ??? 
  a stronger possibility is that they would instead use our citizens as leverage to extract further concessions from us . 
  no chance . 
  if the eu starts to move in a more federal direction ( and it has to if it wants to survive ) , then it will be moving even further away from the sort of system that this country would want . 
  i said that the people did n't vote to join , and that is absolutely true . 
  the 1975 vote was a vote on whether or not we should remain . 
  the only people who ever had a say in whether or not we should join the eu were mps in 1972 . 
  nobody else , living or dead , was ever asked if we should join . 
  it was n't the people who decided to join , it was the political elites . 
  if our political elites wanted us to join again , there 's no way that it would be done in the same way , it would need to be done through a referendum . 
  and good luck convincing the uk electorate to sign up for that ... 
  ever been to calais ? 
  seen all those illegal immigrants running next to moving trucks to jump on board ? 
  schengen means just letting them all in . 
  it would mean outsourcing our border controls to italy and greece . 
  no thanks . 
   perception of a problem is no correlation to it 's existence . 
  the vast majority to european citizens in every opinion poll on the subject over the past number of years see russia overwhelmingly as hostile . 
  that 's simple reality . 
  attempting to put your words in the mouths of others does n't really effect that . 
  [ but it 's absolutely true that the perception of russia is different in different european countries . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/27/survey/all/ ) greeks have always had a positive view of russia , and that 's not a matter of putting words into anybody 's mouth . 
   she wants it before we actually leave because she thinks scotland will automatically take the uk 's membership , i do n't think that she actually believes that . 
  she might try to sell it that way , but i doubt that she believes it . 
   how do you think that would play with the electorate ? 
  which electorate ? 
  the scottish people are n't some hivemind . 
  there will always be that side of the scottish electorate that is perpetually angry at absolutely everything the uk government does . 
  those people will never be won over . 
  it 's how the moderate centre feels that is truly important . 
  shhh , do n't ruin the circlejerk . 
  i really do n't get this idea that we have some responsibility to pay for rich countries , just because they happen to be situated in europe . 
  why do we have some special responsibility towards them that we do n't have to rich countries in other continents ? 
  rich countries can sort their own problems out . 
  we do n't go begging them for money ( given that we 're one of the main contributors to the eu ) . 
  all we ask is that they extend the same courtesy to us . 
  we 've done more than enough for the eu . 
  why the hell should we pick up the bill for greece ? 
  we did n't want the euro . 
  you 're the ones who decided to go ahead with it . 
  you were the ones who thought it was such a great idea to enter into a monetary union with greece . 
  you 're the ones who screwed this up , so you pick up the bill . 
  not this shit again . 
  are you really that incapable of understanding the demographic differences between the labour party membership ( who voted for corbyn as leader ) and the wider electorate ? 
   we are talking about a colonial territory . 
  not heligoland .
