   as i said in another comment less than 100 years ago german was as dominant in the usa as english . 
  that 's absolutely not true . 
  the german language was the second most widely spoken language in the usa at one point , but it was never anywhere near as widely as spoken as english . 
  even in states with a large german population like pennsylvania , the german population never exceeded a third . 
  the idea that german was as widespread as english was a myth spread in the 1930s by the german-american bund ( basically , american nazis ) . 
  the languages you listed are the languages of immigrant communities , many of whom had no presence in the usa when it was founded . 
  all states that joined the usa joined it with english as the dominant language . 
   during the civil war the southern states including texas would think themselves different from the yanks . 
  they were dixie . 
  the civil war had nothing to do with culture though , it was down to politics and economics . 
  bear in mind that the confederates still thought of themselves as americans , calling themselves the confederate states of ** america ** . 
   political union did not follow the cultural union . 
  more like they both helped eachother grow . 
  and for the eu there already is a political union . 
  but i dont understand why there is a necessity to create a european culture and nationality . 
  you will still be british i will be bulgarian . 
  we will just have a federal government . 
  there is no need to establish a common culture in order to create a political union . 
  like there are irish , welsh , scottish and english people within the uk . 
  together for the better . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  there is n't any popular appetite for it . 
  i will never support a federal europe for as long as i live and i can guarantee that i 'm far from alone on this one . 
  not really . 
  us states ( even more than a hundred years ago ) always shared a common culture , underpinned by a common language and political history . 
  even more distinct cultures like texas have always been unmistakably american , to the point where they happily relinquished their independence to join the usa . 
  in the usa , political union followed a cultural union that already existed . 
  the idea of a european federation involves creating a political union and hoping that a cultural union then follows . 
  that process just wo n't work , no matter how much some people might want it to . 
  it 's youtube . 
  the comments sections attract a very special variety of imbecile . 
  it 's not an excuse . 
  the government is under a lot of pressure to reduce our net migration figures . 
  as long as we 're in the eu , the government ca n't target eu workers . 
  so they end up resorting to flawed initiatives like this . 
  this must be that famed german sense of humour . 
  we might not even have had an empire . 
  the existence a land bridge would have completely altered everything . 
  england has only very rarely been invaded . 
  the last real conquest was in 1066 , and that required a great deal of planning to facilitate a naval invasion . 
  a land bridge would have resulted in much more frequent invasions . 
  england and the english language as we know it might not even exist . 
  it 's impossible to imagine how different things would be . 
   uhhhhh what ? 
  i was talking about european countries working together ? 
  all too often , the german view of countries working together is `` just do what merkel says and take a load of our migrants off our hands . '', 
  it 's amazing to think that great britain was connected to continental europe until as recently ( in geological terms ) as 6,500 bc . 
  it 's impossible to even imagine how different everything would be for us , politically and culturally , if that was still the case . 
  it 's a difficult situation . 
  i have a lot of family in belfast and their view on it is that it 's a necessary evil . 
  they 'd rather get rid of the walls , but at the same time those walls are the only things that are keeping some of the local scum ( whether catholic or protestant ) from kicking off and starting trouble . 
  the political situation is really just an excuse for these people . 
  most people in northern ireland ( like anywhere else ) just want the quiet life , but all it takes is a minority of scum to ruin it for everyone . 
  those are n't really borders . 
  they 're within an existing state . 
  very sensible . 
  do n't make the same mistakes that we did . 
  i thought it looked a bit like a crooked dong as soon as i saw it . 
   that 's simple . 
  many mainland europeans expect that a brexit will be avoided , but that the whining of the eurosceptics will start right again after the referendum for further ` reforms ' . 
  i do n't think you quite know how democracy works . 
  if a party loses an election , their supporters do n't just shut up forever . 
  the same applies in a referendum . 
  those of us who believe that the uk should withdraw from the eu are n't going to shut up if we lose this referendum . 
  obviously we will accept the people 's decision , but we will continue to argue that the uk is better off outside the eu , just as opposition political parties argue that they should be chosen as the next government . 
  in the meantime , we will also be keen to argue for the uk getting the best possible deal for as long as it remains in the eu . 
  i think that `` liberal democracy '' is a term which all too often used to imply that liberalism and democracy are one and the same . 
  that is completely untrue . 
  liberalism has nothing to do with democracy . 
  in many instances , liberalism actually runs counter to the will of the people . 
  i wonder if he feels so confident atop his moral high horse now . 
  [ this piece from alex salmond 's former policy chief is very interesting . 
  ] ( http://www.scottishreview.net/alexbell24a.html ), 
  i think that you 're right . 
  ireland is n't a hugely prominent country on the world stage , either politically or culturally . 
  contrast that with the usa . 
  people in the uk are constantly watching american tv and films , and the usa is the most powerful country in the world . 
  so it 's no surprise that british people will be fixated more on the usa than ireland, 
  i would n't say that it 's merely difficult to measure these indirect rewards ; it 's impossible . 
  there is no objective criteria for it and it depends entirely on the person who 's making the argument . 
  economics is not a science . 
   people here on / r/europe are delusional about scotlands relationship with the eu . 
  they like to project their own feelings about the eu onto scotland . 
  eu federalists ( like most political zealots ) have great difficulty in trying to understand how other people might think . 
   are n't there talks of creating an english parliament though ? 
  not really . 
  talk of devolution to england , whether in the form of an english parliament or regional assemblies , is largely restricted to political anoraks . 
  these people seem to find it incredibly difficult to fathom the lack of popular appetite for it . 
  devolution in england has only been seriously proposed once , [ and it was overwhelmingly rejected in a referendum . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northern_england_devolution_referendums,_2004 ) the idea has been dead ever since . 
  not true . 
  the unionist part of their name has nothing to do with the uup . 
  it comes from the scottish unionist party , which later merged with the uk conservative party to form the conservative and unionist party , which remains its official name to this day . 
   what would read better in a history book 500 years from now ? 
  europe came together to form a superstate in the spirit of cooperation , and liberal , progressive values . 
  or europe split apart dominated by nationalism and insular , protectionist values . 
  what makes you think that it 's such a binary choice ? 
  there are many different directions that an eu superstate could take . 
  there 's no reason to assume that it would end up as some progressive , star trek-style utopia . 
  it could easily turn into an utter nightmare for everyone .
