  that would n't be a bad idea , actually . 
  we could give them them the sense of smell of a dog and the speed of a horse . 
  it could be very useful for them . 
  it would n't be a death sentence . 
  it would be a deportation and a matter of washing your hands of the person . 
  what happens to him in his home country need n't be of any concern to you . 
  there are still a lot of stereotypes about romania . 
  a lot of people are ignorant and find it impossible to imagine that a country like romania could have some of the best internet in the world . 
  having worse 4g coverage than romania is n't a source of shame , because almost everywhere on earth does . 
  gmt bros. 
  i 'm utterly outraged and insulted that anybody would dare suggest such a thing . 
  there have been quite a few ira splinter groups throughout history . 
  when most people refer simply to the ira they 're referring to the provisional ira that was active during the troubles . 
  but that one was n't even the first incarnation of the ira , and it wo n't be the last . 
  from all we 've seen of the eu 's intended negotiating stance , i do n't think that we have much of a choice but to take whatever business we can find . 
  or france allowed too many of them in . 
  it all depends on how you look at things . 
   per capita would make more sense . 
  you do n't get to decide what the appropriate number is for this country . 
  we do . 
  if germany and sweden want to play the messiah then they 're more than welcome to . 
  personally , i think that they 're the ones with the problem , not us . 
  if they want to make a follhardy decision then i do n't see why we should join them . 
  i already think that we 've let far too many people into our country , especially considering how overcrowded we are . 
   kind of embarrassing for the uk nah , i 'm not embarrassed . 
  not in the slightest . 
  if germany and sweden want to behave like idiots then they 're more than welcome to . 
  if anyone from any other country starts complaining about how many we let in , they can go and screw themselves . 
  that takes me back . 
  i used to see what trippy patterns i could make while i waited for my computer to respond . 
   and crime - scotland actually has more of a reliance on common law then the rest of the uk when it comes to criminal . 
  much of that is down to fact that , for most of scotland 's time in union with england , it had its own distinct legal system but not its own separate legislature . 
  as a consequence , it was necessary to use judicial precedent to allow the criminal justice system to evolve with society . 
  i 'm not sure why i should trust the people in brussels any more than i would trust the people in the kremlin . 
   i doubt they 're allowed to publish it themselves you 're completely wrong on that . 
  companies that are members of the british polling council are actually obligated to publish the full data tables of any polls that they release to the public . 
  i should know , i regularly read the data tables of polls . 
  all i do is look in the news article to see what company conducted the poll . 
  i then visit the polling company 's website . 
  i then view the data tables on the pdf file that they uploaded . 
  it really is that simple . 
  i have never seen a poll conducted by a british polling council member where the results have been released to the public but the data tables have remained hidden . 
  we had very little influence in the first place . 
  cameron 's renegotiation attempts will testify to that . 
  the upside for this is that trump 's presidency will make the security situation in europe seem much more precarious . 
  this puts us in a good position to use our military and intelligence capabilities as leverage to secure a better trade deal . 
  the fact that the referendum is not legally binding has never been under dispute . 
  it 's more a question of whether or not it 's * de facto * binding as opposed to * de jure * . 
   people are in fact going to notice the hypothetically lower gdp growth , since lower growth also means less job creation and consequently , higher unemployment . 
  also , britain 's poor record on productivity growth also implies low wage growth , so people are going to find their real wages remaining stagnant or falling . 
  they wo n't notice because that 's not how the human mind works . 
  people notice when they lose something tangible . 
  when they get a pay cut , or lose their job , or have their home repossessed , they notice . 
  they do n't notice when a job is n't created that would exist in an alternate timeline , or when a company that would otherwise invest in an area decides to go elsewhere , or when their wages do n't go up by as much as they could have done . 
  all of those things happen slowly . 
  so slowly that most people barely notice . 
  what we 're talking about is people getting slightly less richer than they otherwise would . 
  for people to actually turn against brexit , it would have to be more than a bit of a hiccup for the country 's growth rate . 
  it would have to be catastrophic . 
  we 're not losing 1 % of our gdp . 
  we 're talking about annual gdp growth going from 2 % to 1 % , hardly something that ordinary people would really notice . 
  which may or may not be due to brexit . 
  the article points out that the problems extend well before the brexit vote occurred . 
  if a country has an established precedent for requiring supermajorities to enact major changes , that is absolutely fine . 
  what would n't be fine is suddenly introducing that rule for political convenience because one side is afraid of losing a referendum . 
  my country has no precedent for requring supermajorities , or even referenda to enact major changes . 
  to introduce it in advance of last year 's referendum would have quite rightly been seen as a case of the government fixing the vote in their favour . 
   i personally would still say that a super majority should be required , but that 's just me . 
  should the same thing have been required to integrate further into the eu ? 
  because a supermajority was never needed to sign the lisbon or maastricht treaties . 
  in fact , these went through without the public even being consulted . 
  demanding a supermajority specifically for the brexit vote would have been rather conventient for the remain side . 
  who knows ? 
  speech ca n't abolish human rights , only actions . 
  so it 's the actions that should be asnctioned . 
  the sort of laws that are used to ban `` hate speech '' are a much greater threat to a free society than the speech itself . 
  it 's very easy for politicians to abuse those laws to silence people they do n't like . 
  i prefer the us idea of free speech . 
  the country might have many problems , but i think they have the right idea on that one . 
  great news , the last thing the west needs is for russia to become a leader in technological innovation . 
  the more backward the place remains , the better . 
  hopefully we can poach as many of these clever people as possible . 
  so let 's be like russia , china and turkey ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  that because some people have read a bit of stuff that they do n't like , we should take away everybody 's basic freedoms ? 
  when anyone comments on political matters , whether they 're a scientist or not , they 're being driven by a political agenda . 
  it might be a relatively benign agenda , but it 's still a political agenda . 
  if a scientist is giving their professional opinion on an area of their expertise , we should listen . 
  on every other subject , we should n't give their views any extra weight . 
  isis have been doing us all a favour by taking our most worthless trash off our hands . 
  it 's not like those pathetic lowlifes would amount to anything . 
  hopefully they wo n't come back alive . 
  well , better get some popcorn ready . 
  i 've read that before . 
  it 's just george monbiot defining corruption as encompassing any practice that he does n't like . 
   those that voted to leave would still be sour that the eu wo n't give them autonomy while also stating that the eu is n't doing enough to help them , even though these are 2 conflicting ideas . 
  they do n't necessarily conflict . 
  for example , i 'm sure that we would have liked a larger rebate . 
  that would have resulted in greater autonomy while saving us money . 
  the best kind of help that the eu could have given us is to leave us alone .
