  that 's what i was thinking of . 
  plus there 's no anxiety to it . 
  travelling is an overrated meme , internet all the way !, 
  i was a fan of authoritarian regimes until of late , i liked pinochet really much , and i still like him now , but i do n't think that prying too much in others ' lives is a good idea . 
  i 'm a far right libertarian now . 
  no , it is not good that higher education is available to everyone . 
  some people are too stupid for it , too bad ( ( ( they ) ) ) have done it available for everybody through socialist means so as to make youths larp as intellectual because they have a diploma and to spew the propaganda they have learned in classes such as `` women 's studies '' . 
  i was n't keen on socrate 's approach of democracy . 
  his idea of an intellectual democracy is good but can not be applied in these times , because you can not put a threshold to tell intellectuals apart from non-intellectuals . 
  there are two approaches , and both of them are flawed : 1 . 
  every person has to take an iq test at the age of 18 to see whether he is able to vote . 
  iq is n't really reliable , because a person can have native intelligence but no information ; that would make him gullible . 
  only citizens with a university degree should be allowed to vote . 
  most of the youths nowadays have an university degree , it 's the social norm , it 's not that hard anymore . 
  they seem educated , yet some of them do n't understand a two-dimensional political compass and still believe that politics are left-right . 
  there are a lot of gullible sjws amongst them . 
  therefore , i am still standing for monarchy , although it could turn into an absolute monarchy easily . 
  there is no `` good '' regime . 
  populism comes as natural in a regime where he who caters the most to the herds win : the democracy . 
  you do n't think that the average citizen would be able to grasp individualism , right ? 
  both `` tolerance '' and `` nationalism '' are feelings that stem from the basic tendencies of the man , therefore they are the ones who pander to the masses the most . 
  it will soon be native in northern europe . 
  true . 
  they would call latino both an 100 % german argentinian/brazilian and a 75 % amerindian 25 % spanish peruvian . 
  same here , dog names are mostly english human names , ca n't understand why . 
  `` bobi '' or `` bobi\u021b\u0103 '' is one of the most common dog names , and is derived from the english name `` bob '' / `` bobby '' . 
  i meant slovene , not romanian . 
  at least they are slovene * ; my bad . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  at least those `` three letter dog names '' were romanian . 
  `` trendy '' parents name their children `` nicolas '' instead of `` nicolae '' , `` sophie '' , '' ianis '' instead of `` ion '' etc. 
  well , i am banned on r/europe ... 
  i can agree , they put their well-behaved mask on when they are alone , but are violent when they are grouped . 
  you would n't spare a copper to an aggressive or surly man , right ? 
  i 've heard different stories , but i am glad for you have met the polite ones . 
  since sweden is one of the countries i love the most ( culturally , historically ) i feel bad for my `` tanned '' countrymen who go there and commit crime ... 
  to help those poor refugees in need . 
  mate , it was an edgy joke . 
  you meant fyrom ; i was perplexed for a while . 
  tell me you have n't got a thing for a specific country !, 
  yeah , my political compass should make you sure of the fact that i am not a nazi . 
  so the fact that i like homogeneity makes me a nazi ? ... 
  i believe in capitalism , free speech and personal freedoms - do these * still * define me as a nazi ? 
  you make a good point about the southerners , but i still ca n't call an african or a middle easterner `` german '' . 
  does this mean that i can not talk about germany and its issues ? 
  i find breitbart trustworthy , more than bbc or cnn for example . 
  yes , and this is an issue . 
  germany is supposed to be a country for ethnic germans , not a melting pot . 
  i am yet to see the authoritarian idea . 
  a racial hierarchy is n't related to any political regime . 
  it is pure biology , some people acknowledge it and some others refuse to . 
  by fatherland i mean a homogenous country , it was n't a hint to the weimar republic . 
  if supporting homogeneity is totalitarianism , then i have nothing to talk to you . 
  fine , not already a minority , but ... take a look in 5 years . 
  `` i am approving with some of the nazi ideas thus i am a full blown nazi '' not everything is either black or white . 
  i repeat , it 's not only the nazis who have a grasp on genetics . 
  a german 's religion is either christian or atheist/agnostic . 
  a muslim or a buddhist will never be german . 
  it sounded patriotic/nationalistic . 
  there are a lot of ideologies that involve patriotism , and yes , national socialism is one of them ; it 's funny that you have thought only of it . 
  how did you work out that i support totalitarianism ? 
  german children are a minority in germany ( note : i did n't say white children ! ) . 
  this is quite bad . 
  muslims in romania have been here since the ottoman empire , unlike those in germany who do n't stop coming . 
  our muslims are peaceful , have their own community , they do n't even try to be romanian ; they are proud of being turks/tatars . 
  that 's a good question . 
  all of the definitions would be loose somewhere . 
  however , first of all , germans are a northern/central european population , thus i would define germans as being non-mediterranean white . 
  there can be ethnic germans who have assimilated centuries ago and have darker features , but none of them is swarthy . 
  this explanation is flawed too , because most of the poles meet these requirements , yet they are not german . 
  this could be made clear easily : if one can trace his ancestry back to three generation in germany and is more than 50 % german , then he is a german . 
  for example , someone who is 1/8 polish and have a polish name can be labeled as german , whilst someone who is 7/8 polish can not be labeled as german . 
  i highly think this is one of the problems europe is facing which are labeled as taboo . 
  nobody talks about how many ethnic germans are there in germany , nobody can talk about how many non-germans are there in germany without being labeled as a racist . 
  if you have looked upon the data , it only shows them based on citizenship , but the citizenship does n't make a middle easterner a german . 
  those buzzwords : `` nazi '' , `` fascism , `` stormfront '' , `` racist '' , '' ___ phobic '' are used so as to quell every attempt of reclaiming the fatherland and show some truths which are ignored by the naive masses . 
  unless we , all the europeans , choose to change something , death of the west is approaching , being closer and closer . 
  do they also not tell you that you ought to be tolerant and help all the refugees ? 
  i 'm sure there has to be a bias . 
  they are never usually labeled as russian . 
  imagine russia as a colonial empire : as france or england once were . 
  russian federation stems from europe , this is were it started : from the kievan rus , grand duchies of tver , novgorod and finally moscow - until they have expanded more and more into the barren lands of the east . 
  tatars , buryats and kalmyks are there due to the mongols , the paleo-siberians such as chukchi were n't relevant and neither were the finnic ( i.e. 
  komi ) or ugric people from around the urals . 
  russia is the only one amongst the former colonial powers who still has power over its `` colonies '' : okrugs , republics . 
  us could be a colonial power as well , but unlike russia it was once a colony . 
  yes , but the russian culture has its roots in eastern europe , not in asia , unlike turkey or kazakhstan . 
  this is what i meant . 
  they are n't good at keeping the crime levels at bay though , nor they are good at keeping their country swedish . 
  germany is conservative yet it welcomes plenty of refugees so as to cause unrest and make the crime rates soar . 
  can you tell me how would you define a conservative ? 
  russia is a wrong comparison as it is culturally european . 
  here we have them all , squatters are rare . 
  people who squat here are usually those who do n't want to smear their `` good clothes '' by sitting on the communist block of flats ' stairs . 
  have n't seen anyone drinking vodka , we prefer beer from two or three litre plastic bottles , but there are also some sickos who drink medicinal alcohol ( 70 % ) , usually diluted with water . 
  so no counterfeit adidas and nike jackets ? 
  no four-striped trousers ? 
  you do n't belong in eastern europe . 
  how did it feel , then ? 
  have you tried touching iron or throwing water from the window ?
