  i like the winters really much , although they could be a bit longer - but summers are a burden for me . 
  i would like to live in such a cold environment . 
  maybe long and murky winters make you jealous about us , but we usually have ~ 10 days in the summer when the temperature is higher than 35c , that means it hovers around the body temperature . 
  it is a living hell , and as i do not have any problems with the cold , unlike heat which makes me sleep less and feel angrier . 
  today there will be 25 \u00b0 c , and thursday night , only 5 \u00b0 c. 
  hoar frost is not unusual in october here , due to continental influences we can have a difference up to 15 degrees between afternoon and morning . 
  it was really funny actually . 
  when a joke is good it usually triggers someone as well . 
  these landscapes are utterly unfamiliar to me , it 's eerie how the communist blocks make me feel like home . 
  thank you !, 
  solid argument . 
  you did nothing besides tipping your fedora in a primitive mode . 
  i would rather you refrained from commenting or spouted an argument instead of reacting like that . 
  i completely agree with the current one , the new law would worsen the population . 
  everybody thinks that france has a problem now . 
  if there was any other person who is n't known worldwide , this would not be on any news site , not even on the french ones . 
  not from tumblr . 
  the only women who are not happy to abide to some common sense laws are the ones who have received some feminist propaganda from the internet , and for sure not the 35 + year-old women ( with some exceptions ) . 
  50-60 year-old romanian women usually have ~ 3 children , a high number of them were housewives , they are against immigration , homosexuality and abortion , calling `` whores '' the women who miscarry an unwanted fetus . 
  if you go older , some of them , especially amongst the communist block dwellers or mostly the rural ones , think that the man should beat his wife if she is n't doing the chores , a thing which is not normal at all and reminds me of the middle east . 
  so the rules in poland are what common sense is , my moral rules tell me the same , without being too religious . 
  not an argument . 
  he who shall receive death penalty is a vile criminal , whilst a not-even-born fetus is not guilty at all . 
  would you rather consider a `` women-friendly '' environment is that which turns women into man-hating `` powerful women '' ? 
  if they instill conservative values ( do not use domestic violence as an argument please ) , and the woman is happy to do them , then it is a very friendly environment . 
  i liked the slingshot and middle east conflict ones the most , but that trump cartoon made me discard them all . 
  who has chosen these `` cartoons of the week '' ? 
  the peasant class is no longer what it used to be . 
  they are going abroad , work in blue collar jobs ; afterwards coming in the country , blasting manele ( gypsy music with turkish/arab influences for the outsiders ) or rap with tens of swear words , going to the rural pub , catcalling women and i can continue . 
  the peasant no longer toils on his heath , he would rather work in italy or spain than having his own field and his animals . 
  my grandparents are living in a village as well , and i know how the things are , especially when the emmigration from moldavia is rampant . 
  you have to be at least bisexual or mentally ill to have that urge to have sex with your enemies . 
  anyway , you won the argument over women in the army . 
  i had a fun time arguing with you . 
   if someone wants to rape you they 're not going to ask for your sexual orientation first provided you are straight , do n't you find having sex with a man disgusting ? 
  do n't you find it impossible to have an erection at a man 's arse ? 
  that 's what i meant , only a gay person would rape a male hostage . 
  this is not far-right . 
  50 years ago , when politics were still politics and people would n't shout `` triggered '' or `` nazi '' if they disliked something , this would be called simply right wing or even centre-right . 
  national socialism was a dictatorship , which was n't really `` right wing '' in my opinion , so do not associate parties such as afd or sd with nsdap . 
  how are you afraid of these right wing policies ? 
  do you find them harmful ? 
  fear is different from disliking . 
  for example i may fear extremely tolerant policies , because they can bring terrorists in my country . 
  the aftermath of the social marxist policies might be called fear , for example parisians are afraid to go out . 
  judging by your flair , i 'm afraid there is a bias in this statement . 
   luckily we do n't live in a traditional society where women are burned at the stake without a trial not everything is black and white , you know . 
  not every right winger is a nazi , not every left winger is a commie , not every conservative endorses the inquisition . 
   anyone who goes into war are aware of the risks . 
  this is not true . 
  you ca n't know what the enemy is thinking of . 
  and yes , men can get tortured , but unless the whole enemy battalion who caught these individuals is made of psychos , he can get away with his life if he gives all his money , goods and secrets . 
  gay people are rarer than the straight ones , if your extremely progressive mind was n't aware of this . 
  this is true , you find neither extreme cultural marxists nor neo-nazis in romania , of course , with the exception of some angsty youths . 
   highly motivated women as useful as men of course , if you are an extremely tolerant vegan pan-gender manhating feminazi ( there are none here , but developed countries such as sweden have them ) and you can wield a rifle with no problems , i do not care about you and you can work as a bait . 
  but these individuals usually shun the army , so they would end having innocent young women taken hostages by the possible enemy . 
  but what 's the point in having women in the military ? 
  they are n't as physicallt powerful as men . 
  this is the peak of the spoiled brat behaviour . 
  she thinks all the countries must bow to her like the ones from her barren hellhole . 
  she needs some days in a european court , followed by some years in a european prison . 
  jews do not cause any harm to the modern romanian society , whilst gypsies do . 
  you are in jeopardy when near them , they are violent , loud , foul-mouthed , not aligned with the ( white ) european society . 
  on the other hand , you ca n't even spot a jew in a crowd based solely on the behaviour , some are even more civilized than the average romanian . 
  greenland appalled . 
  it was a very good article , i do n't feel that i wasted 45 minutes reading it . 
  it seems that germany is going to have a comeback , hope they will get rid of the guilt syndrome soon . 
  also , that man the journalist met at a `` stroll '' , andreas kucharicky , deserves the utmost respect !, 
  i agree with you when it 's about the ways of dying , with the exception of the toiling part . 
  the concentration camp victims were just waiting for their deaths which was a huge psychological torture , indeed , but at least they would n't be worked to death or made to bear -40 celsius . 
  when you are talking about a terrifying murder case , you are trying to empathize with the murdered , not with the context . 
  would you rather be labeled as a `` hero of the soviet russia , who helped building the motherland '' and die working 14 hours a day in excruciating cold weather or be labeled as a `` mongoloid subhuman '' ( i was trying to adapt the hate speech to your case ) and shot or be gassed ? 
  why do people care to celebrate or `` mourn '' only the jews ? 
  why is this massacre considered `` the worse in the world '' ? 
  because it is based on the race ? 
  how is this worse than the notorious road of bones from the russian kolyma gulags ? 
  i 'd rather the evil german killed me by gassing or shooting than dying malnourished and frostbitten , with the tools in my hand , in the politically correct russia . 
  the video has n't shown any of these striking , post-soviet looking buildings , it has n't shown any of the concrete blocks drenched in despondency , it has n't shown the bare people making barbecues and eating sunflower seeds , nor has it shown the reality . 
  i liked the video indeed , but i can say that it was full of bias . 
  it shows the fatherland in a good light , i like that really much , but there are some people like me who enjoy gazing into the soul of a post-soviet looking neighbourhood . 
  i also like the monotony of communist architecture , and although it is ugly it makes me feel like home . 
  i could n't live in any western environment , i would miss these sad buildings ... 
  well , how are we supposed to pronounce it then ? 
  i have also spotted adadis and make instead of nike . 
  adidas is actually a popular brand here because it was the only one before the communist regime fell , and everybody who had an adidas tracksuit or shoes was regarded as a cool guy . 
  the mentality still lingers , and that 's why in romania ( and everywhere throughout eastern europe ) you will find lots of counterfeit adidas clothes and shoes . 
  there must be some exceptions though ( rape , woman 's life is in jeopardy ) ... otherwise , i agree with poland , which keeps amazing me !, 
  imagine how much warmongering we would have if clinton becomes the president . 
  her foundation would wage war at a moment 's notice , wiping out donbass and maybe its surroundings . 
  instead of trying to force the ceasefire , the crooked us is whetting the spirits against each other even more !, 
  hail european peace and hail donald trump !, 
  if they are indeed sick of life , they can find better methods although painful . 
   if you do n't succeed this means that you are either not determined or too stupid to find out a better method . 
  every person who is n't suicidal can find a successful method in a couple of seconds , let alone someone who contemplates this daily . 
  no pity for the weakest . 
  how is suicide illegal ? 
  it is claimed to be illegal but this is irrelevant . 
  if one wants to kill himself , nobody can punish him for doing this after he dies . 
  if thou did n't know , `` you '' is also plural in english - in this case meaning your kin . 
  nice damage control , what can i say ?
