do modern romania have anything in common with roman dacia ? 
  no , but romanians have different view . 
  mostly deluded people who feel the need to associate with something , yearn to have some identity pull the dacian/roman card . 
  the others understand that we are genetically slavic and balkan speaking a latin language with strong slavic influences  and bandera was rascist , and i know that polish and ukrainian people are the same race and they even are very close related , but he had different view , he treated poles as a different race and eternal enemy , and so his followers . 
  just read anything what dontcov wrote , the main theorist of ukrainian nationalisit movement . 
  he is really much closer to hitler than mussolini or franco . 
  he is not closer to hitler than mussolini , he did n't want to enslave his people and make them treat him as a demiurge . 
  genocide is part of a war . 
  once you are waging war to someone , it 's not only the manly confrontation between the troops , it 's also the torture of the occupied , the rape of the occupied and finally the genocide . 
  turks were genociding balkan christians , serbs were genociding bosnians 20 years ago , russians were genociding germans . 
  i am aware that the situations are quite different , but you ca n't deny that bandera 's dirty deeds were done during the war , whilst hitler 's kristallnacht was done during peace time . 
   but he was nazi puppet , almost entire time . 
  and he was praising dictatorship and he certainly was n't a democrat . 
  well , he had to seek allegiance with someone , but he was aware that he is a subhuman in the eyes of hitler , so they did n't get too close . 
  anyway he is a respectable person because he could unite all the ukrainians from a divided country , destroyed by the russian and polish states throughout centuries . 
  i do n't like bandera more than sviatoslav , olga the saint , chmelnicki or vladimir the great from that list for example , but he was a brave fighter in these dark ages for ukraine . 
  solidarity is normal in your situation , ukraine was your enemy -- i can not made you like your former enemy . 
   of course not , but it does n't imply genocides . 
  and there was n't any anti-polish uprising or polish-ukrinian war at that time he was trying to either avenge his ancestors or , more plausible , trying to get rid of massive `` polonizing '' of western ukraine . 
  but it 's not lying . 
  some thing that there is a deity , some fully deny it , and some are in between , confused . 
  but do n't they commit much more crime than average ? 
  the only romanians who are better than our average are the one leaving for scandinavia and maybe uk ( but there are some lowlifes there as well ) . 
  i always hear at news about romanian crime in germany , i see posts written by swarthy individuals on facebook in some language that barely resembles romanian about life in germany and so on . 
  i imagine spending summer there , far away from the scorching heat and the overcrowdedness ... but in winter i would miss the snow and the cold . 
  obvious troll , try harder !, 
  your angsty behaviour is showing . 
  you are too edgy and you are striving to manipulate the others -- which reminds me of some atheist ... presidents from the 20th century . 
   religion is for weak people they need it . 
  some people are that stupid that they need to know that someone is going to smite them from the sky if they murder or steal . 
  their primal instincts are pushing them to do deeds labeled as `` sins '' , but the fear of being smited or burning in hell keeps them away from doing a bad deed . 
  as the `` foreign '' birth rates keep growing , the afd keeps growing in polls as well . 
  hopefully the afd reaches 50 % before the `` foreign '' birth rates do . 
  in my opinion they should n't be saved anymore . 
  they are illegal trespassers . 
  once they hear the news that their brethren has drown in the mediterranean , they will lack the balls to overcrowd the sea with rafts and boats . 
  there should also be coast wardens who would n't allow illegal trespassers . 
  they should have boats to send them back to north africa or middle east . 
  if they become violent , the wardens will have the right to shoot them . 
  religious beliefs are to be kept within oneself . 
  you do n't have to tip your fedora everyday nor to threaten people with hell in order to be loyal to your faith . 
  organized atheism has brought but blight to the humanity , same goes for organized christianity ( inquisition ) and islam ( terrorism ) . 
  but aligning with cultural atheism means that you are a left-winger . 
  i 'd rather the stupid people went to church and be conservative sheep than go to women rights/refugees welcome parades and be socialist sheep . 
  i have no problem with your beliefs , but my advice is that you should keep them for yourself . 
  the kievan rus and the actual ukraine have barely anything in common other than the capital . 
  it can be compared with poles associating with the medieval roman empire or prussia . 
  hrushevski and petliura are not so wide known , i had to read a bit about the first in order to know the situation , whereas hmielnicki and bandera are . 
  i respect bandera for not being a nazi puppet nor a dictatorship praising nutjob ( imo the natsoc movements have ruined european patriotism , whilst bandera was n't part of them ) . 
  but for example the haidamaky were quite violent in 1768 , the uprisings can not be made in a peaceful way . 
   bandera was racist no , he was maximum xenophobic . 
  poles and ukrainians are both white . 
  and of course the occupied lands will hate the occupant . 
  it 's a natural reaction . 
  : i have become aware that you are impartial since you have said some good words about hmielnicki , yet we have different standpoints . 
  it was your mistake and you have to admit this . 
  i have had a phase of edginess in the first day of high school as well , when i was trying to be against organized religion , and i pang of remorse for that phase . 
  it would n't have done any harm to you if you had gone with them to the church . 
  your fedora would n't have got shredded to pieces . 
  egyptians are too brainwashed into islam , they do n't even care about their past . 
  anyway , it is lame to associate yourself with people who have lived on your land 1-2000 years ago ; furthermore , the kievan rus was barely stretching over the present day ukraine , occupying only a part of northern ukraine . 
  do n't deny the bias . 
  horthy may have been a good general , but he was anti-romanian so i can not do but despise him . 
  same goes for you and bandera . 
  you are wrong about his nazi collaboration . 
  he was fighting against nazis , poles and soviets , receiving almost no help from the outside . 
  oun-b was a unique resistance movement , fighting for the fatherland and not caring about the others . 
  his massacre against poles was n't the wisest choice , but poles have been oppressing the ukrainians since the dawn of time . 
  even in the interbelic era , it was mostly poles having the best jobs there , furthermore there was austro-hungary oppressing the ukrainians from the carpathian region ( where bandera hails from ) . 
  what baffles me more is how ukrainians identify themselves with the kievan rus . 
  just because the medieval state was linked to kiev does n't imply that it covered the whole ukraine . 
  and their opinions are biased , i have n't seen \u0421\u0432\u044f\u0442\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0430\u0432 in the list , who in my opinion was the best king of the rus ' . 
  in my opinion , \u0425\u043c\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u0438\u0446\u044c\u043a\u0438\u0439 should have been the first , followed by \u0411\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0430 , the last one defending ukraine from nazis and poles . 
  i know that the poles on this sub who are overrepresented in comparison with the ukrainians will get mad , but \u0411\u0430\u043d\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0430 had done good deeds for his motherland . 
   being bullied for being atheist in highschool i can tell that was n't the actual reason . 
  you can be a non-believer , but i wager you were an obnoxiois fedora patronizing the christian belief . 
  anyway , how could they know that you are atheist ? 
  you must have told them and brag with this . 
  what does the priest thing have to do with the thread 's purpose ? 
  did you find the urge to tip your fedora and you could n't refrain from it ? 
  human population has got out of hand as well . 
  the limit was like 500 million , we are way too many . 
  each human needs a personal space , the resources will be done soon . 
  i do n't think many of us waste the time on such crap . 
   maas is a member of the social democrats ( spd ) this means that a small remark about the differences between races goes as `` hate speech '' in his book . 
  your reading comprehension is really low . 
  i said that the previous law was common sense . 
  i am confused . 
  how can this region decide whether brexit reqluires parliament vote ? 
  there is going to be a change , finally . 
  americans usually whine about freedom , send thousands of troops without result . 
  typical leftist rant . 
  he can not argument so he calls everybody a nazi and a warmonger . 
  no , it does n't . 
  when the `` skeptical '' west germans will get rid of crime , they should be thankful to the `` uncivilized '' easterners . 
  air conditioning is torture for me , i turn it on when my house is warmer than 27c , otherwise i do not ( and i usually live in a 20-21c environment ) . 
  my nostrils go numb in an environment with a powerful ac . 
  cfb climate seems lame to me as well , not because of the summer , since it would be better than here , but because of the winter . 
  i live in a dfa/dfb area ( continental humid climate ) with temperate influences . 
  that means that the summers hover around 30c at 18:00 and 18c at 6:00 , with 38c at 18:00 and 23c at 6:00 during heat waves , and the winters hover around 1c at 15:00 and -5 c at 8:00 , with -10 c at 18:00 and -25 c at 8:00 during cold waves .
