   plenty of people envy the spanish and spain . 
  i ca n't really think of any single reason , other than the weather . 
   rest of hispanics . 
  [ intensifies . 
  ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/xtitnhxbroaz1b1mo8/giphy.gif ) ^ ^ ^ / s but seriously , outside europe the region where i 've got most hate based purely on the fact that i 'm spanish is hispanic america , but also the region where i 've got most love is hispanic america . 
  funny thing is this very same thing also works within europe , just change * hispanic america * for * portugal * and it 's pretty accurate . 
   it might be one of the reasons why spaniards are so likable however . 
  we are so loud it 's impossible people from quieter cultures would stand us , but since you 're a turk you know the utmost importance of shouting at each other even if the other person is just 10 cm away . 
  madriz stronk !, 
  nowadays it 's berlin the one that 's almost a turkish city huehuehue . 
  i perfectly know they 're not the same language . 
  it was just a bad joke no one seems to have understood . 
  not really . 
  my comment was more of a joke implying dutch and german are basically the same language . 
  indifference is a lot worse than hatred . 
  i had a greek pal tell me that turks are , for the most part , just greeks who adopted a religion from arabia and a language from the mongolian/kazakh steppes . 
  it might even count . 
   do turks like anyone ?!, 
   what do they have against china , brazil and saudi ? 
  china : uyghur/turkic oppresed minorities in northwest china . 
  saudi arabia : turks and arabs are not friends , to put it lightly . 
  brazil : i do n't know , maybe because brazil defeated turkey twice in world cup 2002 ? 
  it could be worse . 
  it could be ... * shivers * ... german . 
  they 're probably the only country that likes us more than italy , france and united kingdom . 
  no way in hell you 're going to spoil that . 
  you know what 's funniest ? 
  a few people have upvoted your comment . 
  if the very same comment :  spain is already there ... had been made by an american , he would be downvoted to oblivion , especially on this sub . 
   spain does a fine job of trying to split on its own . 
  true that . 
  even belgium could learn from us . 
  hah more like portugal has always been galician . 
  it 's okay to report what a shitty situation venezuelans are in , but it 's much more than that . 
  it has become propaganda . 
  do n't be sad man . 
  remember you removed kebab in way less time and more effectively than we did . 
  because it 's our rightful land !!! 1 !, 
  ** make venezuela spain again . 
  ** on a more serious note , it 's because the left-wing party podemos supposedly has ties to the venezuelan regime and the spanish mass media are trying to promote it as such , making reports about venezuela day and night , kind of like saying `` if podemos comes to office , we 'll be like venezuela '' . 
  so according to the spanish press venezuela , along with cuba and iran are the `` axis of evil '' that want to ruin spain . 
  more than it already is . 
  are you implying portugal would try to military conquer a spanish region ? 
  yes , there are . 
  there have always been more important news but the mass media are just tired of reporting the sabotaging of spanish trucks in the spanish-french border . 
  venezuela , panama papers and islamists is what 's trendy now . 
  spain and france . 
  poor portugal . 
  i feel bad for them . 
  / s so , when was the last time spanish winemakers sabotaged portuguese trucks ? 
   ship it to us spain  disguised as english i thought gibraltar was enough . 
  / s on a more serious note , this is very usual for angry french winemakers to do . 
  they 've been doing it for so long it does n't even make it into the news in spain anymore . 
  at least you have the luck of being able to go through switzerland , austria or even slovenia to get to the rest of europe . 
  our only way is going through france ... * cries in the corner *, 
  [ portugal . 
  if you are talking about european issues , i 'll give you the point there . 
  but most communities on the internet are not focused on european issues , so it 's not really strange to find chileans in spanish internet communities , spaniards in argentine forums , argentines in mexican sites and the such . 
  just like the french-speaking internet is huge thanks to africa , many parts of the middle east , canada ( qu\u00e9bec ) and loads of people learning french since french is the language of the diplomacy and the second most taught european language in the world , far behind english of course . 
  do n't go there under any circumstance . 
  nothing good has ever come from there . 
  ever . 
  reference to non-spanish redditors : forocoches is what would happen if 4chan and bodybuilding 's misc forum had a child in spain . 
  that 's all you ever need to know . 
   yes . 
  if we want to talk we all have 40 , 50 , 60 million people to choose from . 
  [ bitch please ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers#nationalencyklopedin ), 
  they want to end the job their turkish pals left undone ? 
  but it was mexican , that 's not an european language !!! 1 !! 1 !, 
  ^ / s ^ ^ in ^ ^ case ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ needed, 
  matamoros : it literally means * remove kebab * . 
  uncommon but not unheard of . 
  matajud\u00edos : it literally means * remove kosher * . 
  this one 's pretty rare though . 
  yes , that 's why spanish america is nowadays full of natives . 
  i think you 're looking for the word england here . 
   however , we spaniards have n't ever agreed spain in a nutshell . 
  not if you count corrupt politicians per seat . 
  you ca n't really blame them . 
  they make sure this is a subreddit where there is enough freedom \u2122 . 
  pretty shit tbh . 
  it 's hard to be part of a country destined to be one of europe 's cheap holiday resorts and especially when it 's so fucking divided we barely think of spain as a united country . 
  plus most stereotypes about us are very generic and wrong tbh . 
  latinised iberians = magyarised slavs confirmed . 
  do n't worry man , i 'm sure in some parallel universe slovenes are working like germans , getting paid like swiss , partying like spaniards , eating like italians , living like french , drinking like russians and commiting suicide like lithuanians . 
   well , to be fair , spain is the main tourist destinati in in the world 5 words : beaches , cheap nightlife and booze . 
  well said !, 
  anti-spain circlejerk best spanish circlejerk . 
  yes , spain was guilty for all 60 million people killed in the war . 
  germany ? 
  japan ? 
  usa ? 
  soviet union ? 
  what a bunch of amateurs !, 
  / s yes , it was bloody , but an internal conflict nonetheless where one side got external help . 
  i guess we should blame all syrians including those who are entering europe for the syrian war according to your logic . 
  i did n't blame the us for the two world wars , i said `` involved '' . 
  plus franco 's government was very divided between pro-american and pro-german . 
  basically for franco and his government , the true `` enemies '' were the communists and the japanese ( they killed off the very few spaniards living in the philippines while occupying it ) . 
  the civil war was an internal problem , the only problem is the nationalists could get nazi germany and fascist italy to help them while the republicans had no one ( the us , the uk and france acted like nothing was happening but because they saw franco as a `` friendly ally '' , not as hostile as hitler or even mussolini , mainly because he was more anti-communist than anything ) .
