  and france 's . 
  you did n't actively ask for greece 's head , like germany did , but you washed your hands . 
  this is what enrages me the most when i think about what happened last summer . 
  germany 's alliance is free to do anything it wants while giants like france or the uk prefer to stay neutral . 
  the union was n't supposed to be germany 's turf . 
  and i 'm not saying the uk should free greece from all its sins . 
  but at least do something god damn it . 
  you used to have 1/3 of the world a century ago and now all you do is sign whatever germany proposes without even reading . 
  the uk nowadays feels like an empire on pension . 
  they do n't give a fuck about anything that does n't directly affect them . 
  that 's already happening . 
  syriza is only leftist in the name nowadays , like pasok . 
  the agenda they push is fully neo-liberal . 
  so your solution is to let the refugees flood my country until the state crumbles and then they may decide to stop coming . 
  why do n't we evacuate an island from the locals and flood it with refugees while we 're at it ? 
  it would make a great tv show . 
  this man is n't protecting anybody . 
  he just enjoys violence and his outlet is this far right-wing group . 
  do n't make heroes of zeros . 
  his karma says otherwise . 
  do n't know if he 's a troll or not , but i know that people seem to agree with him . 
  so either the trolls are too many and they agree with each other , or the popular opinion shifted too much , to the point where it agrees with a guy named emperor trump . 
  they somehow became protectors of the people now ? 
  this man cares about protecting the swedish people , as much as a hooligan actually cares about his team . 
  hint : he does n't . 
  people like him only care about beating up other people . 
  his way of justifying it is his affiliation with this far-right group . 
  others find football teams a more attractive gateway to channel this need for blood . 
  and that 's supposed to make it easier to swallow ? 
  this man has no job beating migrants . 
  this is n't the marvel universe . 
  we do n't need no vigilantes , taking justice into their own hands . 
  these are the same bullshit excuses golden dawn uses here in greece to attack refugees and immigrants . 
  `` we 're just targeting the bad ones '' . 
  i understand that you guys do n't like this crisis , but you should n't try to justify the actions of neo-nazis . 
  europe is better than this . 
  if eu was actually a union , something similar to what was initially proposed would be fair . 
  split those refugees among countries . 
  a real union would n't let one , or some of its member to suffer because the rest do n't want to go in such a hassle . 
  but because it is n't a real union , it will just readjust schengen and kick the problematic countries out of it . 
  or admit that this time , your politicians fucked up . 
  big time . 
  and if you ask me , i predict that europe will just kick the mediterranean countries out of schengen . 
  especially greece . 
  they wo n't admit that nothing can actually be done by greece because it 's not legal or humane to shoot boats full of unarmed people but they also do n't want the refugees in their borders . 
  it 's the best solution for the north and that 's all the justification the eu needs to act . 
  not feeding anyone . 
  i 'm not planning on arguing with this guy . 
  i just felt that someone had to say it and move on . 
  and i did . 
  yeah , you forget that northern countries forget that southern europe exists when they do n't need it . 
  the whole situation is ridiculous . 
  you have danes , germans and finnish all crying about the refugees destroying their country and they do n't even have a small fraction of the refugees that we have here . 
  first they forced us to keep our borders open , promising that they 'll take at least some of them . 
  then they changed their mind and now they have to find someone to blame for all this . 
  and who 's a better victim than the lazy greeks ? 
  yeah , let 's blame the greeks for not guarding their borders properly . 
  let 's force them to shoot down boats full of people so the poor little dane up north can sleep safely . 
  you are lucky you did n't join this eu . 
  it took a few years but cowards show their faces under pressure and the refugee crisis was the best at doing exactly this . 
  could you kindly go fuck yourself , sir ? 
  which is pretty accurate . 
  ionians were the ancestors of our ancestors . 
  well , frankly , there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  we call ourselves hellas for centuries , yet the rest of the world is like `` sure , greece ! '' . 
  same thing we do with france . 
  everybody else calls the country france , the land of the franks , but we call it '' \u0393\u03b1\u03bb\u03bb\u03b9\u03b1 '' , the land of the gauls . 
  and these people are n't even the descendants of gauls . 
  they 're franks . 
  once a country finds a name about you , you 're done . 
  countries are assholes sometimes . 
  your language is awesome but do n't you think we have to make some sacrifices to find a common ground in this union ? 
  if we ca n't agree in a common language , how are we supposed to agree in more serious matters ? 
  coming from a country with a unique language that only us and cypriots speak , i would n't ask anyone else to learn greek just to visit us . 
  it 's kind of selfish . 
  english is the universal language and we have to make some sacrifices and learn it . 
  the greek communist party would vote no even if they voted to save their lives . 
  they are notorious for that . 
  they stopped caring about the country many decades ago , when they realised that it wo n't be good for them to win the elections . 
  some of their theories sound good but they can never be applied to a country in the 21st century . 
  so they restricted themselves to just oppose whatever the current government says , even if they agree to it just to get elected into the parliament . 
  i do n't think / u/cametosaybla is talking about the geographical barrier between the eu and israel . 
  he is talking about the cultural difference . 
  yes , israel has always played a part in the western politics . 
  but they were never considered `` west '' . 
  israel belongs in the middle east . 
  their traditions are middle eastern , their culture is middle eastern and some things they consider normal are highly frowned upon in the west . 
  they 're a heavily militarized society that is frequently involved in military conflicts . 
  they also are n't very kind on some minorities that the west nowadays treats as equals , like homosexuals and muslims . 
  they also need to clear up their diplomatic and military conflicts with some of their neighbors , because it does n't make them look good . 
  finland is not eastern europe in the same sense that greece is not considered eastern europe . 
  they never experienced communism . 
  i sincerely hope history judges the current european leaders the way they deserve . 
  highly unlikely since the winners write history , but europe will regret electing those coward lawyers to lead europe to unification pretty soon . 
  they 'll drive europe to a war or a severe episode at this rate . 
  when a problem they need to resolve appears they quickly hide it under the rag and pretend it does n't exist . 
  they treat countries like shitholes . 
  this incident basically turns greece into a human dumpster plain and simple . 
  the same leaders who said that europe needs to treat this like union crisis instead of a greek or italian , the same people wash their hands at the first obstacle . 
  the word `` leader '' is insulted when it is put next to the cowards who we put in the helm of europe .
