i think tsipras can turn into anything that helps his political career . 
  he always had high ambition . 
  he does n't want to be the leader of uganda and if he needs to ensure that by going the austerity route , he will go . 
  i always thought that tsipras sees syriza as the vehicle that will grant him the leader status . 
  it does n't control him , he controls it . 
  there have been numerous occasions where he did n't hesitate to politically kill high ranking left politicians in his party who acted as obstacles to his career . 
  kouvelis and alavanos are prominent examples . 
  so he will morph into a great reformer if he decides that this is the way to go for his career . 
  the only thing that can get in his way if he chooses that route is the extremely left side of syriza . 
  and he has proven time and time again that he does n't hesitate to let them go . 
  - greece submits same proposals as before at eurogroup meeting - greek govt official - greek govt official : proposals not discussed during last eurogroup meeting - greek govt official : finance ministers decided to wait for outcome of referendum from the article posted . 
  greek government made a proposal last thursday that was n't discussed because the other leaders wanted to know the results of the referendum first . 
  that 's the prosopal they brought today with slight changes . 
  i 'm clarifying because the title gives you the idea that the greek government went empty-handed . 
  or being greek :(, 
  the only people i know who get pensions close to this nowadays are merchant marines . 
  but their salaries are huge too , so it makes sense . 
  romania commited more troops to the eastern front than all the other allies of germany combined . 
  what do you expect from the allies after that ? 
  a friendly behaviour ? 
  well the rest of the world could 've done something if romania did n't choose to be with the losers of the war . 
  austerity is their choice . 
  why ca n't they let us decide what do we , as a country want , in peace ? 
  do they have to post hateful comments ? 
  i also wonder if that healthy growth you 're talking about has any impact on the average romanian . 
  i highly doubt it , but i have n't done any research . 
  i may be wrong . 
  our economy was also `` recovering '' as far as the national gdp goes a year ago , but the situation for the average greek was getting worse and worse . 
  why is it always romanians who post pure hate whenever the greek problem is mentioned ? 
  is there a specific reason you guys hate us ? 
  i 'm serious because i was taught that greece and romania had a good relationship in general . 
  hell , my great grandmother was born in romania and there is a huge greek community still living there . 
  i can think of a reason ( local media turning romanian people against greece so you forget who 's to blame for your own problems ) but it makes me kind of sad to see the whole romanian population of reddit hating my country . 
  although you are right in some of your points , i have to add a few things . 
  privatisation of certain state-owned companies the past 3 years was a complete disaster . 
  the poster child of my argument is the o\u03a0\u0391\u03a0 sell . 
  a very profitable gambling company owned by the greek state . 
  it was sold to a fund for 652 million euros , only 4 times the annual profit of the company . 
  also , the big face of this fund is a notorious greek businessman , dimitris mellisanidis . 
  the dude is a convicted oil smuggler . 
  if this does n't smell fishy to you , i do n't know what does . 
  difference is , marshall plan was intented for rebuild and growth after a destructive war . 
  you can say that it went straight to the people , although technically it is n't true . 
  european bailout was just for the banks . 
  a steady bank system is very important for the greek citizens , but without investments real people would never see any results in their pockets . 
  greece 's gdp grew in 2014 , but nothing changed in our lives . 
  it only got worse and worse . 
  i 'd rather not live in a colony at all . 
  keep in mind that this graph starts from 1977 , 3 years after the fall of the military junta . 
  during this period , the junta used the army as labour to build for free . 
  we had no debt during this period for this reason . 
  junta also minimized the imports , so there 's that . 
  or an enormous flow of cash from the u.s ( marshall plan ) that helped west germany get back on its feet ? 
  you 're probably from the balkans . 
  you should know that governments here do n't fully represent their people . 
  i did n't lie and cheat my way into any pot of gold . 
  i 'm 21 years old . 
  the switch to the euro happened when i was 7 . 
  i barely remember the drachma . 
  i was born into this shit . 
  i do n't and i wo n't own any mistakes of the previous generations . 
  just like the modern germans refuse to connect themselves to the nazis and they 're offended when you mention it , i refuse to connect myself to the mistakes my grandparents did . 
  if my assumption is right and you 're from the balkans , you should know how i feel . 
  i have to live in a shitty situation i did n't create . 
  and i wish nobody else gets to feel like this . 
  not even my worst enemy . 
  that opinion would just be douchey 15 years ago . 
  right now , it 's plain delusional . 
  there 's a great chance we wo n't be in the eurozone in 2 months , i do n't even wan na think what greece will be like in 15 years . 
  turkey being in the eu in 15 years should be the last of our concerns . 
  all while you poor skopjans are peaceful and friendly . 
  what about the idea of the united macedonia that people from your country introduced ? 
  the closest thimg to macedonians is a slavic country that is located in a region that happened to be occupied by the macedonians in a certain time ? 
  not even pella or thessaloniki ? 
  or even vergina ? 
  we at least speak the language that evolved from ancient greek . 
  we live in the place they lived . 
  we follow some of their traditions . 
  we have greek names for lords sake . 
  you do n't even have macedonian names . 
  your names are slavic . 
  so alexander 's language was something close to bulgarian ? 
  do you even realise how absurd that sounds ? 
   macedonians were most definitely not slavic key sentence . 
  they were not fully greek in the ancient definition of the word but they have no relation to the modern country that calls itself macedonia . 
  fyrom citizens are slavs . 
  they were part of yugoslavia , they identified themselves as slavs in the past and they speak a slavic language . 
  the whole skopje = macedonia is a very late invention from the fyrom government . 
  it 's an attempt to unify a young country under a single identity and cause . 
  these grandpas and grandmas happen to be from fyrom ? 
  what the hell do you mean by macedonian language ? 
  there never was such thing . 
  the propaganda machine of your country invented it . 
  problem is , this is n't an argument between 14 year olds . 
  you built god damn statues of alexander and put the sun of vergina in your flag . 
  if this is n't a country-wide statement , what is ? 
  the vast majority of your nation is behind the idea . 
  i understand that fyrom is a country struggling to find its identity . 
  what 's the problem with embracing the real one , the slavic ? 
  slavs were strong , tribal people with their own accomplishments and short-comings .
