  europeans treat the migrants like cattle and when they get fed up , shit 's gon na hit the fan . 
  but by then , they 'll be safe behind their fences . 
  we 'll have to deal with the consequences . 
  whatever , if this is what european people want , so be it . 
  i ca n't argue against a democratic decision . 
  i 'm also tired of being mad . 
  you just give up at some point . 
  europeans have been giving us the middle finger for a long time now , while their governments make it seem like they 're helping us . 
  ca n't force solidarity anyway . 
  if the europeans want to isolate us , it 's their right to do so and you ca n't force them to do anything else . 
  so `` politically '' works for turkey but does n't work for greece ? 
  you 're going full literal when it comes to greece , but turkey does n't play by the same rules . 
  i do n't know what `` politically '' means , but greeks live on those islands forever . 
  hellenic republic is the successor of those greeks , so they belong to it . 
  so `` politically '' , or whatever that means , turkey never owned those islands . 
  ottoman empire owned them ( does n't exist ) then they went to italy , then greece . 
  turkey never owned them . 
  greeks live on these islands for thousands of years . 
  how is it new that they are greek ? 
  dude looks like gaben wore those glasses as a disguise to run in the dutch elections . 
  i know it 's a joke , but consider myself triggered . 
  yeah good luck with that ... 
  well , i ca n't say anything but cyprus . 
  they speak greek , they look greek , they feel greek . 
  they 're greek orthodox . 
  but thanks uk and turkey , i guess ... 
  are you for real ? 
  you seriously think our government is that stupid ? 
  it 's a nightmare for them . 
  the political cost is insanely high and to think that they want them here is bonkers . 
  also , please show me how they can stop them without drowning them . 
  it 's the president of the czech republic . 
  his country does n't have the funds or the power to guarantee anything close to what he proposes . 
  he is just saying some random , provocative shit to attract the lowest of the low of his country 's voting population . 
  no need to look further than that . 
  i think logical , czech people know better than to listen to this . 
  of course you prefer your country 's food . 
  you grew up eating it , you learned to love it . 
  it 's just that mediterranean food is universally accepted as delicious . 
  not good enough for most americans to put above his burgers , but good enough to be his second choice . 
  most people love pizza , pasta , greek salad . 
  and french cuisine is loved by most food enthusiasts . 
  and even though it 's not my cup of tea , i can see the appeal . 
  what i 'm trying to say is mediterranean food is good enough to be the second choice for most people . 
  below their own country 's cuisine . 
  no need to apologize . 
  stereotypes in general are absurd , anyway . 
  the way you talk about people , countries , governments . 
  it 's fascinating . 
  `` let the refugees rot '' . 
  these are real people you 're talking about . 
  not a line of code in a war game . 
  real people , like you . 
  how can you talk about them like they 're cattle ? 
  who the hell do you think you are ? 
  you 're the definition of a keyboard general . 
  this is n't total war though . 
  you do n't just let a country go its own way . 
  there 's a union . 
  there are laws . 
  international treaties . 
  fuckin 12 million people living in that country . 
  it 's simple in your head because you ca n't even grasp the magnitude or the weight of the things you talk about . 
  comments like this make me question myself and the reason i browse / r/europe . 
  this is the most childish analysis of a political situation i 've ever seen . 
  how can we stop them if your country allows criminals to profit by sending them to our islands ? 
  you ca n't stop boats full of civilians . 
  maybe you should try and secure your borders and leave europe to deal with its own problems . 
  this is n't the european logic . 
  it 's the / r/europe logic . 
  there are many europeans voicing concerns about leaving greece in the current state . 
  / r/europe is just a forum . 
  one of the many . 
  and a conservative one . 
  it 's only logical that most people in here wo n't support greece . 
  also , the whole refugee crisis tends to bring out aggressive feelings from most people , mostly due to a culture of islamophobia , which starts from 9/11 all the way to the recent paris attacks . 
  and angry people tend to be louder than anyone else . 
  hence , / r/europe 's recent panic attack due to the refugees . 
  in the end , the visegrad countries and austria do n't really hate greece . 
  they hate the fact that greece ca n't really do anything to stop the refugees from coming . 
  people know that by now . 
  so , they use the greek debt crisis to support their idea that greeks are irresponsible and should n't be trusted to push their `` close the borders '' agenda . 
  the media in those countries had already plant the seeds for the hate towards greece . 
  they painted the picture of the lazy greece that eats their money and does n't want to pay anything back . 
  so their right-wing politicians did n't have to do a lot to convince their voters that it 's greece 's fault . 
  depends . 
  people count us as a southern european country but they have a hard time putting croatia in the same basket . 
  i think the term is more cultural than geographical . 
  when you say southern europe you mean great food , great wine , olive oil , loud people , black hair ( mostly ) . 
  we tick all these boxes . 
  so are we southern or eastern ? 
  people are taught a lot about ancient greece that they sometimes confuse it with the modern greece . 
  ancient greece was more open to homosexuality than the medieval , christian europe could stomach . 
  hence , greeks are homosexuals . 
  it 's a really old stereotype . 
  i 'm surprised it survives to this day . 
  that 's what you get for having an insane person like erdogan as your country 's president . 
  lots of bad diplomacy . 
  who can blame us though ? 
  nothing but love for y' all .
