  meanest thing you ever did to us was mussolini 's attempt to conquer us but who can blame you for this ? 
  mussolini was in charge , there is no need for further explanation . 
  also , we brought our ancient friendship to the new world through our immigrants . 
  our communities always stayed close in the u.s. and canada . 
  we even worked together in that `` mafia '' thing you guys started there * wink * . 
  there is an ancient connection between our people that we should preserve . 
  you are the sexier , richer , more powerful version of greece . 
  we are a little jealous of all this but ultimately , we love your loud-asses . 
  `` holding us back from greatness '' it 's an exaggeration . 
  what i assume they mean is if the uk decided to be a little more pro-eu and actually play a part in the eu politics , they 'd be another germany or france , which benefits everybody . 
  it took a long time for hollande 's france to understand its power in the eu but when they did , it got a little bit better than when germany was the undisputed king of the union . 
  at least as a greek , france seemed like the voice of reason during the july negotiations . 
  hollande was the one pushing the eu for an agreement . 
  apparently , hollande used the respect tsipras has for him and convinced him not to do anything stupid . 
  times were dangerous back then and i think most pro-eu greeks respect hollande for stepping up and helping greece get out of a terrible negotiation . 
  not everyone is the uk , though . 
  they get to have special treatment because they 're a lot more powerful than anyone in this union besides germany and maybe , france . 
  a northerner would certainly feel a bit different than in other european capitals . 
  not necessarily `` bad different '' , just different . 
  we like having tourists here . 
  at least most of us . 
  it shows that people still find our culture and our city interesting , even after all the shit thrown at us the last few years . 
  so feel free to visit us . 
  most people speak english at a basic level , and the majority of the younger generation can hold a conversation comfortably in english . 
  ask for directions , strike up a conversation with them . 
  it will change you 're mind if you 're skeptical about the state of the city . 
  you guys really have no idea what 's going on here . 
  and i do n't blame you . 
  the media really are painting an insanely depressing picture for years . 
  but there is no `` shit hitting the fan '' . 
  what kind of shit ? 
  a communist rebellion ? 
  angry , brown people beating up innocent europeans like spartacus ? 
  come on man . 
  you guys should know better than this . 
  greece is recovering from a financial meltdown , but the sun rises from the east and sets to the west . 
  yeah , social problems like an increasing amount of homeless people and occasional work strikes happen . 
  unemployment is at an all-time high . 
  but that 's what a crisis leaves behind . 
  athens is n't a warzone . 
  it 's a functioning european capital . 
  people go to their 9 to 5s , they take the subway , they buy newspapers from the stands . 
  they live their lives . 
  there are no similarities to cities going through civil war . 
  nothing close to it . 
  edit : grammar . 
  please , suggest a way we could secure our sea border . 
  we 're open to suggestions . 
  you ca n't send them back to turkey because they are n't turkish . 
  they just use turkey as a passage . 
  also , you ca n't send back people when the countries they come from do n't want them back . 
  i know it sounds ridiculous , but it 's the reality . 
  if we could , we would have done that . 
  there is no reason for us to keep those people in our borders . 
  you ca n't deliver refugees back to a war zone . 
  it violates international agreements . 
  it 's also inhuman . 
  we may have failed financially , but we are n't savages . 
  we wo n't mistreat innocent people even if that gets us kicked out of the union . 
  it 's not much of a union lately anyway . 
  you think if we could ship them back , we would n't have tried that already ? 
  and if not us , germany would n't have tried it ? 
  or sweden ? 
  you 're extremely clueless about the whole issue . 
  and if your country is into drowning unarmed people , then the eu made a mistake letting you in . 
  you do n't belong in the civilized world . 
  of course i do n't want my country shooting down boats . 
  it 's a sea border , in case you did n't check the map ... 
  first of all , there is no southern border . 
  check a map before you comment . 
  second , if you guys want to shoot down boats full of people , you are welcome to come here and do it . 
  we are n't savages , we are n't criminals . 
  i hope you understand how hypocritical you sound . 
  it 's an eu problem but god forbid it touches your country . 
  no , fuck the aid . 
  we wo n't turn our country into a `` soul storage '' to make a few countries run by populists happy . 
  you talk about financial aid you ca n't give . 
  you oppose the big boys of the eu by refusing to take migrants but on the other hand , you ask them to aid us after you anal fuck us by closing the northern border . 
  i suggest the visegrad group or whatever returns to stance they had for the last 20 years . 
  do as germany says . 
  you do n't have the power to run things in the eu . 
  i think you 're onto something . 
  shortly after tsipras got elected , isis started forming . 
  thanks tsipras , i guess . 
  germany did n't have a clear proposal . 
  merkel was in favor of greece staying in the eurozone , but schaeuble had even created a plan involving humanitarian help packages sent to greece . 
  he was full on kicking us out . 
  i said germany 's alliance . 
  and no , i do n't believe that germany is evil . 
  i do believe though that germany was the first to spread the `` lazy greek '' stereotype and paint itself as a savior of our corrupted country while in reality , many german companies actively participated in the corruption of greek politicians in the past and germany heavily profited from greece 's overspending . 
  the eu is your biggest trading partner . 
  and you 're a member of the eu . 
  if greece decided not to go with the bailout plan on july 13 , greece would ultimately get kicked out of the union as a whole . 
  that would create a tsunami in european politics and the uk should care , since they are big players in that board . 
  the `` signing '' thing was more of a figure of speech . 
  but yeah . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with the whole `` default '' thing , but at least it 's a proposal . 
  cameron did n't even attend the eurogroup on july 13 , one of the most critical in eu history , the one where tsipras signed the bailout plan . 
  if the prime minister of the united kingdom decides to stay out of this , it shows the position the uk puts itself in modern politics . 
  that 's kind of your fault too .
