  i just do n't understand why you have to claim another country 's history for yours . 
  fyrom citizens do n't have to answer this question . 
  greek history is your thing and you 've already tried to sneak in . 
  you both belong in / r/funny with the other 13 year olds . 
  so you have zero sympathy for us because we make more money by working ? 
  you should have zero sympathy for your rich employers who pay you shit , we are n't stealing any money out of your pocket . 
  we work hard to make ends meet , as much as you like to think otherwise . 
  no it does n't . 
  it happens all around the world . 
  nazi ideology , being the crown jewel of extreme nationalism , has ironically lost its german identity and it is now used by various extremist movements around the world . 
  golden dawn , the party i know about since they are greek , is a mysterious animal . 
  their leader used to publish a magazine that presented hitler and co. as heroes and gods . 
  he idolizes the nazis but he does n't really care about modern germany . 
  for him , nazi germany and modern germany are different nations . 
  his wet dream since forever , was a crisis in greece . 
  parties like his own , thrive under extreme crisis . 
  also , much like post-versailles germany , greece suffered from extreme humiliation from outside . 
  he took advantage of all this by boosting the ego and the identity of the desperate greeks . 
  see any similarities ? 
  they idolize the way nazis ran things , but they do n't believe in german superiority . 
  they just take their tools and apply to their own nation . 
  i do n't think you get how nazi golden dawn looks . 
  it 's insane that their voters refuse to see it . 
  watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv4oeleagxy ) . 
  it just screams nazi propaganda . 
  that 's what they actually want . 
  they do n't really care about socialist values or communism at all . 
  all they know is that they used to have a huge empire with insane influence in world politics and all they have now is a state with nothing but a huge army to influence things . 
  and it 's understandable if you try to get in their shoes . 
  they used to rival the united fucking states at their peak , now they see old , weak allies like china surpassing them and it 's not even close . 
  and now that i mentioned china , i think china 's financial miracle and rise plays a huge role in their support of the old soviet union . 
  they see a `` communist '' country becoming a major player and they think that they achieved it because of communism . 
  china is far from a communist state but they ca n't see it . 
  golden dawn is a full-blown neo-nazi party . 
  they use the same techniques to rise to power as hitler , they use similar symbols , the same salute . 
  ethnikos stratos was a puppet army , assisted by the uk and the us . 
  they wanted to take greece to the nato side of the cold war . 
  they used some questionable strategies after their victory ( persecution of anyone with any communist past , tortures and imprisonment to island-prisons ) but they were n't neo-nazi . 
  i mentioned irish independence because it 's in a similar scale , if you exclude the bloodshed that we all wish to avoid . 
  montenegro 's independence was a bit different with the recent yugoslavia history . 
  you have a point , but i think that we can make catalonian independence work , without risking the political stability in europe . 
  if we could make ireland 's independence work without major consequences , we can make catalonia work . 
  oh shit , how could i miss that ? 
  i would delete my comment , but i 'll leave it up for other history nerds to see and learn that you should n't overlook a name without thinking it . 
  catalonia is an autonomous community in spain . 
  it 's not a village . 
  it 's a region with its own language , its own culture , its own traditions . 
  they have a strong economy and enough population that could justify the existence of an independent catalan country . 
  they make a valid point when they say that they are n't spanish . 
  there 's a clear line between them and a random village that asks to be independent . 
  in my opinion , calling golden dawn the successors of the winners of the civil war , is insane . 
  ethnikos stratos leaned right . 
  but not golden dawn right . 
  the uk and the us assisted them . 
  they were more like nea dimokratia . 
  golden dawn is a neo-nazi party . 
  they even say it themselves . 
  `` we are the seed of the defeated in 1945 '' . 
  it 's their leader 's quote . 
  german nationalism died after world war ii . 
  any sign of germans expressing nationalistic feelings instantly gets labeled as nazi . 
  it 's not just frowned upon , it 's illegal . 
  spanish nationalism got a similar treatment after franco . 
  before franco , most communities had a sense of loyalty to the crown . 
  but franco 's forced spanish identity had an opposite reaction after he fell . 
  people who promote spanish nationalism almost instantly get the fascist label . 
  i do n't think he had much of a choice either . 
  stalin and the western powers decided the fate of the balkans without asking them . 
  it was the reason why stalin wanted the greek civil war to end while tito wanted to reinforce the communists . 
  stalin had already agreed with churchill that greece would stay at the western side of the curtain . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot . 
  diversity really is good , but do n't you agree that if a community wants to be independent , should have the right to ? 
  at least a referendum for the catalans would be nice . 
  let them choose their fate . 
  i do n't necessarily agree that it 's good for them to gain independence , but if they really want to , who has the right to stop them ? 
  i just listed the different communities in spain . 
  did n't say anything about castile wanting independence . 
  i ca n't answer this . 
  it 's a question for a spaniard . 
  back then oppression was a lot easier . 
  violently putting down revolts was the bread and butter of the monarchies in europe . 
  it does n't have to be a full blown civil war though . 
  the eta promoted a form of conflict between people in the same country . 
  it was n't civil war , but it felt like it . 
  kinda . 
  monarchy managed to keep them `` united '' for a long time but they 'll never get to the point where 100 % of the population feels spanish . 
  catalonia is the one you read about because they are the most vocal about independence , but there are the basque , who used to be hardcore , there is andalusia , castile , galicia and some others . 
  with such diversity , it used to be a nightmare for the spanish government to avoid conflict . 
  it still is , but now it 's a lot better . 
  figure of speech . 
  i know no one actually chose . 
  with the diversity your country has , it would be surprising if you did n't fight all the time . 
  what i 'd truly want , is for my ancestors to not have to kill each other . 
  but yeah , looking at the countries who chose to go with the ussr back then , we are kind of lucky to avoid that fate . 
  dacia is such a bad ass name . 
  and the dacian civilization is very interesting . 
  too bad romans and time destroyed most of the evidence of them . 
  byzantium was the continuation of the greek civilization . 
  they 're the same thing . 
  hey , we call you \u03a4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03ba\u03af\u03b1 ( tour-ki-ah ) .
