  hey , stop revealing our grand plan to take back constantinople !, 
  not only we 'll take it without any bloodshed , but the turks will fucking beg us to take it !, 
  obviously if he wins , it 's bad news for the people of turkey . 
  but to be honest , both outcomes do n't seem good for us . 
  it 's either an aspiring , islamist sultan who constantly uses the relationship between the two nations to overshadow the shady shit he does inside or his nationalist but secular opponents . 
  and whenever `` nationalist but secular '' prevailed in turkey , it was bad news for us . 
  on one hand , i want the best for our neighbours and it can only happen if erdogan fails . 
  but something tells me that as long as erdogan is in power , there will be no real shit happening between us . 
  i 'm afraid of the kemalists because usually they meant war . 
  greeks faced a lot of the same problems during the 50s-60s when there was a huge wave of greek immigrants in germany . 
  if you listen to the greek songs from back then , 7/10 talked about the shit life they had to live there and how they were treated . 
  truth is , compared to the life in greece back then , they were living much better . 
  but the way they went there , made them think of themselves as slaves and that 's hard to bear . 
  granted , they worked things out now , but i can assume it is much easier for a greek to integrate than anyone eastern . 
  so maybe , just maybe , the integration failure is not entirely on the immigrants ? 
  maybe we should stop inviting people `` a tier above slaves '' in our countries and then complain that they do n't integrate ? 
  i get where you 're coming from and if that 's your pov nobody has the right to judge you , but pretending to be something you 're not because you do n't like how things are at home helps nobody . 
  first of all , there are many great things about being an american . 
  here in europe we enjoy making fun of americans from time to time , but we all know that if they were n't our allies , we 'd probably be at a worse position than we are now . 
  we joke about americans being patriotic as shit because we try to be a little distant from our patriotic feelings , because of our destructive past . 
  we make of fun of them for being dumb bullies , they make fun of us for being posh pussies . 
  but deep down , we know that when shit hits the fan , we 'll support each other . 
  also , you should try to change things you do n't like and not pretend you are something you 're not to avoid facing your problems . 
  that 's the problem with greece . 
  too eastern for the west , too western for the east . 
  lithuanians can feel they belong in the northern countries group . 
  and they really are northern , geographically . 
  but we all know that it is n't realistic . 
  it 's not that the serbs or bulgarians are hardcore balkanites and we are n't , it 's that we avoid to put that label on us . 
  you can call it superiority complex or however else you want , but it 's the reality . 
  we are balkan people . 
  not slavs , but balkan . 
  our traditional music is mostly similar to the balkan folk and a lot of our traditions are similar to other balkan countries . 
  i think we should start to think of ourselves as a good balkan ambassador and try to pull the other balkan countries upwards . 
  not financially , because we are n't what we used to be , but in terms of forward-thinking and cultural tolerance . 
  we should use the good elements the west gave us all that time we were under its influence , and try to pass it along to the other , not as fortunate countries next to us . 
  never forget that we could as easily be another russian satellite . 
  and it 's not like the people , or even greek politicians chose to align with the west . 
  the major powers decided our fate . 
  so let 's shake off that superiority complex that most of us have , and embrace our neighbours that want to move in the right direction . 
  southern european is a term we all like to use to describe ourselves , but if you exclude the italians , we do n't have much in common with the french or the spanish , or even the portuguese . 
  we all are a darker shade of white and loud but we are n't that similar . 
  if you look at things from a more realistic pov , we have a lot more in common with the bulgarians and the serbs than with the spanish or the french . 
  if that 's good or not , it 's a whole other discussion . 
  i know we like to pretend that we are western , and politically we are closer to the west than the east , but geographically we are eastern . 
  unless you define eastern european as former soviet . 
  then no , we are not . 
  i get what you 're saying and we have the same behavior here , in a smaller degree . 
  but if people had certain views ingrained into their consciousness , they would n't be brainwashed by the church that easily . 
  and soviets were hugely homophobic so their ideals had an easy transition to the current , church-driven reality . 
  our church is bitching all the time about the new civil marriage law that alllows homosexual couples to get married . 
  yet society ( in reality , most young people ) do n't give a single fuck . 
  i do n't mean to be offensive or rude , but i do n't think religion is the problem . 
  it 's communism . 
  the division is crystal clear in that map . 
  which was the only eastern european country that did n't align with the soviets in the cold war ? 
  and it happens to be the only green , eastern european country in the map ? 
  you guessed it , it 's us . 
  and cyprus , but cyprus does n't count as eastern europe . 
  it 's always an asterisk . 
  yeah let 's make nazi comments about modern germany ... that would help ... you know , they say that the uk wo n't get a good trading deal with the eu because the eu wants to punish britain to make an example . 
  in reality , the uk has been a major asshole ever since the brexit campaign started . 
  you compared germans to nazis , eastern europeans as criminal job-stealers , southern europe to a sinking ship . 
  and now you demand a good trading deal . 
  but why should you get one ? 
  so globalization is bad , but all the uk wants is `` to open up to the world '' ? 
  i swear , you brits sometimes manage to be less sensible than us greeks . 
  which takes a lot of effort . 
  you talked about the uk becoming a global power . 
  colombia also has a giant star in shakira so that makes them a superpower . 
  solid logic my man . 
  so england will somehow become a superpower without conflicting with the other superpowers , while accusing the eu for trying to compete with the current superpowers . 
  you 're either completely delusional or a troll . 
  and i 'm betting on both . 
  15 years ago , you got dragged into a war to please the u.s. british soldiers were told to leave their families and go fight in a war that was n't even theirs . 
  so stop being a child and recognize that the whole western world depends on the u.s in some form . 
  you leaving the eu does n't break that chain . 
  it makes it even tighter , if anything . 
  a latvian talking about having an emigration crisis while a greek is present should be illegal . 
  it 's not about the food , it 's about the experience . 
  my point is american people rebelled because the majority wanted to . 
  in the case of cyprus , even if the majority wanted to unite with greece , the minority decided not to . 
  the circassians were the driving force behind the armenian genocide , not because they were driven out of their land , but because they historically hated the armenians , given that they were caucasian muslims and the armenians were caucasian christians . 
  also , turkey never really showed any actual proof that the armenians or the pontics worked with russia . 
  the genocides were state actions , not the decision of a singular tribe of people like the circassians . 
  and it had a certain goal , to create a homogenous muslim turkey . 
  any other excuse is bullshit created by future turkish historians to justify the genocides . 
  the difference is , the turks and the muslims driven out of the balkan peninsula were benefiting from the ottoman conquest . 
  they were either turks who migrated there after the conquest , or locals who sympathized with the turks and adopted islam to get a favorable treatment from the ottomans . 
  they were n't poor locals who got forced out of their homeland . 
  they were n't even locals , most of them . 
  we are better now , at least i hope so . 
  but we 're talking about a time when war was an everyday matter in the balkan peninsula . 
  rape , misery , death of people close to you , happened in a weekly basis . 
  as much of a humanitarian as you could claim to be , if you knew your dad may never return home from work , because conquerors in your land kill people every day , then you would become violent and angry . 
  and you would slaughter these conquerors if you had the chance . 
  and it would be justified in my opinion . 
  i do n't really know much about the rwandan genocide to talk about it . 
  but if the people that got slaughtered treated the oppresed awful for centuries , i only feel really bad for the kids . 
  you ca n't expect people who were treated like shit and were oppresed for a long time , to be morally superior when they get the upper hand .
