  also the name you have for us is a lot better than the one the others have . 
  hellas . 
  because it 's the way it 's supposed to be , rest of the world . 
  of course . 
  google search numbers do . 
  thanks for correcting my stupid statement . 
  i somehow thought that french is the most widespread language in africa . 
  i do n't know about austria since they have some very far historical ties ( both germanic ) but i do n't see how any british could see any similarities with a romanian or a bulgarian . 
  and frankly , there are n't any . 
  this can also apply to a few other countries , including mine . 
  greece , while maintaining good relations with the europeans since the birth of the country , is n't really culturally close to any other european country , except cyprus . 
  we try to integrate and live inside this huge community of nations , but sometimes eurosceptisism comes natural when no one else `` feels '' close to you . 
  this a problem we always had . 
  we are a part of the balkans geographically , we love some of the balkan countries ( < 3 serbia ) but only a small minority of greeks feel culturally tied with them . 
  so , it is n't the british being snob because they had a huge empire or because they live on an island . 
  it 's because a lot of circumstances made their culture develop differently than the rest of europe . 
  france used to own a huge part of africa . 
  most africans speak french and a big percentage of them visit france or choose to live there . 
  yes , they are n't as culturally similar as canada is to the uk , but such a huge chunk of land is nothing to ignore . 
  there is no other reasonable explanation for pointing thermopylae in the map . 
  the area is n't relevant now . 
  it 's the same as making a map of the u.s and pointing pearl harbour . 
  the area was n't even relevant when the battle occurred . 
  it just happened to be a convenient spot for a small army to fight a huge army . 
  and i 'm not even saying that they 're dumb . 
  i just said that they do n't know much about modern greece , which is n't a stretch . 
  greece is n't a country everyone has to know about in 2016 . 
  it 's the ny times . 
  besides the greeks there , most new yorkers know greece from the movies . 
  especially 300 . 
   robbing them of all their belongings is a `` game over '' for them , no money to spend on traffickers for further attempts to break in . 
  besides , creating the image of the super-racist police in bulgaria is rather fine , we do n't have to deal with that problem now unlike greece or macedonia . 
  this sounds like an opinion , not a description . 
  so your argument is that your government is far right and the rest of us plebs are `` too leftist '' and somehow that gives you the right to be extremely violent , you taught them a lesson by stealing their stuff and our `` soft '' media is to blame for calling you violent and extremist . 
  welcome to / r/europe , you 'll fit right in . 
  yeah , fuck that shit . 
  europe decided to leave us alone in this , with no compensation or any foreign help . 
  no european can ask from our police officers to risk their lives to protect them . 
  no they were not . 
  turks were nomadic back then and they did n't appear as a united nation until the 11th century . 
  that area was mostly greek , or hellenized to be more accurate . 
  still , thomsen is really pushing things . 
  saying that greece has to go through a credit crisis like last summer , even as a joke or an observation , is very dangerous for a man in the position that thomsen holds . 
  i 'm not arguing with you . 
  i just replied to your comment because you 're the one that explained the article the best . 
  i 'm arguing against the imf 's logic . 
  so let 's put a nation of 12 million people , that has to deal with hundreds of thousands of refugees that we did n't ask for , through another major credit event , not even a year after the previous one . 
  yeah , that will teach 'em . 
  from my experience , there is a pattern : if ( statement ) = negative print ( `` britain does n't belong in continental europe '' ) else print ( `` britain is european you fat american moron '' ), 
  suck it everyone . 
  i found a list that we are close to the top , and it is n't unemployment or debt . 
  it 's actually a positive list . 
  tears of joy , man . 
  for the same reason you guys are n't all over croatia even though they have 2.5 times bigger minimum wage . 
  we are n't very fond of them , and they are n't big fans of us . 
  is that the official minimum wage in serbia or it 's your individual situation ? 
  because if it 's the official wage , i 'll never complain again for living in greece . 
  which is bad for both of us if you think about it . 
  because you did n't get a lot better . 
  we just got really worse . 
  they do n't have to share the same values just because they 're white . 
  that 's a common mistake . 
  there are many white europeans who do n't believe in tolerance towards other religions , lgbts , political opinions . 
  yes , they do n't go around blowing themselves up and that 's a big difference . 
  but i used to think that the north was all about tolerance and integration . 
  many eastern europeans do n't share the same view . 
  and i 'm responsible for it how ? 
  i 'm 21 years old . 
  i 'm only voting for 3 years . 
  you stereotyping me as irresponsible and lazy for the politicians my parents voted for is straight up racist . 
  my parents never evaded any taxes and they 're working their ass off to make a living . 
  i refuse to accept any blame for mistakes i did n't make . 
  the state years ago overspent and all they did was ask my generation to clean up this mess . 
  also , your country is n't paying because they 're nice and charitable . 
  they have a horse in the race and they 're also paying to save their ass . 
  populism is on the rise in europe because of people like you . 
  bailout money can somehow be used to secure the sea borders instead of saving the banks from crashing and a sea border that extends for miles , where you can literally throw a rock and reach turkey can somehow be secured without intentionally drowning people . 
  thanks for your insight sn0r , i 'm sure no one in europe actually thought of that and we 're all arguing in vain . 
  we should 've asked you first . 
  yeah because the greek crisis is as simple as your 7-eleven economics . 
  we also saw how europe treated a problem that was n't our fault ( migrant crisis ) . 
  pushed us further down the drain . 
  so a migrant pisses on the wall of your neighbour and suddenly all immigrants are animals ? 
  two summers ago , an italian was flirting with my best friends gf even though he knew they were dating . 
  so fuck you . 
  the migrant crisis for austria and slovenia started a few months ago . 
  the migrant crisis for greece exists for a long time but no european actually gave a fuck until it hit them . 
  and when they decided to do something , instead of helping the countries dealing the most with it ( greece , italy ) , they just built some fences , closed the borders and looked away . 
   the eu is supposed to be about cooperation between the people of europe to collectively improve our continent and lives . 
  unless you happen to be greek . 
  then it 's bullying , stereotyping and isolation . 
  sadly , yes . 
  i used to browse this forum to escape the far-right nonsense that used to be in fashion in my country . 
  now , i actually do n't know why i keep browsing . 
  it 's insane how this forum pulled a complete 180 from neo-liberal , pro-eu to far-right . 
  people here are seriously afraid of the refugees . 
  they treat them like zombies . 
  and funny thing is , the vast majority in here have n't met a refugee in real life yet . 
  sex crimes happen everyday in austria , estonia , slovenia , meanwhile in greece we have 600 % the amount of refugees they have and nothing serious happens . 
  it will eventually happen though , because sadly , this forum is an actual mirror of the european reality right now .
