  yeah those evil russians . 
  how dare they defend their own country ? 
  yeah your 3-man army would be a crucial help to the turkish hordes . 
  athens wo n't be as impressive since it never really was as huge as rome . 
  during the golden era , it was the biggest city in greece but this does n't really say much . 
  athens boom would be equally impressive though . 
  only 100 years ago , athens was n't a fraction of the metropolis that it is today . 
  but being the capital of a country that went through a huge economic boom after the war does that to a city . 
  bulgaria is a balkan country though . 
  but you are n't gaelic . 
  you 're all germanic . 
  also , that war was absolutely leaning towards greece , until the greek leaders back then got greedy and decided that they do n't just want to annex the anatolian coast , a place with huge greek presence , and they wanted to fight their way to ankara . 
  our european allies then decided to stop aiding us because this move was n't part of the agreement and we got annihilated by the regrouped turkish forces . 
  the uk certainly did n't run the whole eu . 
  people all over europe basically begged the uk to take a more active role in the politics of the eu but they did n't seem to be interested . 
  we got alpha access since we were the poster child of v1 . 
  it 's not as bad as you think . 
  they just drop you in the ocean , they let you pass out and right before you drown , hollande in a bathing suit shows up and brings you back . 
  so basically v1 with the uk removed and some minor fixes . 
  as a federalist , i wish the uk was the only obstacle for further integration . 
  there are far worse and far crazier enemies in the way to federalization . 
  that would be the ultimate sign of decline for the once great united kingdom . 
  become a colony of your own former colony . 
  it 's so poetic , it would be kind of awesome if it actually happened . 
  so you basically contributed nothing in this conversation because you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  there is a theory that \u039b\u03b5\u03c5\u03ba\u03ac \u039f\u03c1\u03b7 are a continuation of \u03a0\u03af\u03bd\u03b4\u03bf\u03c2 . 
  also , your comment comes across as a little bit ironic and hostile . 
  please do n't be . 
  well , no . 
  most scandinavian countries have insanely high taxation long before austerity was applied here . 
  difference is , these countries see the benefits of high taxation in their everyday lives . 
  excellent , free educational system , actually free and reliable healthcare , great public transport and many more . 
  here in greece it feels like throwing money in a black hole . 
  you know you pay a lot , you just never see actual benefits from it . 
  and it 's not because of debt . 
  we never really had good public services . 
  it 's the same city . 
  it just got renamed after the ottomans occupied it . 
  it still does n't explain why it does n't appear in this list . 
  yeah people seem to have a biased opinion about the french and their arrogance . 
  i ca n't really have an opinion on this since i 've never been to france , but people congratulate every other country for using their native language , but not the french . 
  there are loads of stuff shared between our countries . 
  but i 'm mostly fascinated about the words . 
  i do n't know if you guys do the same with greek words , but in greek there are a ton of turkish words we use in our everyday life . 
  an example would be \u03c0\u03b1\u03c0\u03bf\u03c5\u03c4\u03c3\u03b9 ( papoutsi ) , which means shoe . 
  the real greek word is \u03c5\u03c0\u03bf\u03b4\u03b7\u03bc\u03b1 , but we rarely use it . 
  it is a traditional instrument from pontus . 
  now i do n't know if they borrowed it from you or the reverse , but i 'm sure that they wo n't be very happy to hear that their traditional instrument is turkish . 
  i did n't watch eurovision last night , but i assume that you refer to [ this ] ( http://www.musicstation.com.gr/image/cache/data/paradosiaka/lyres/lyra%20%20%20ponti%20%20-600x600.jpg ) ? 
  we call it `` greek coffee '' anyway . 
  let 's say people here do n't like to hear that it is actually turkish . 
  bavarians used to be very different from let 's say , people from hannover . 
  and they still kind of are , but germany 's success was that they managed to instill a common german identity to all the different regions of the country . 
  something that the spanish government has failed to do all these years . 
  his argument is that spain is very open to diversity because catalonia exists . 
  and he 's partly right . 
  you do n't encounter such diversity in other european countries , because the different cultures were repressed until extinct . 
  is there any confirmation that the portuguese granny will 100 % pay more because of this ? 
  or is it just sensationalism ? 
  and although i live in one of these countries who receive an obscene amount of tourists , i can tell you that people here are overwhelmingly for the abundance of roaming tariffs . 
  people paid thousands of euros simply because they forgot to switch off their data before they arrived here and it 's ridiculous in this day and age . 
  roaming tariffs ? 
  are you talking about the mobile roaming tariffs ? 
  how is that irrational and populist ? 
  populists do n't stop at this . 
  look at the uk . 
  the politicians blamed everything going wrong in their country to the eu . 
  the press spread the message and the people thought that by voting out of the union , there will be 300 sunny days every year , england will finally win a world cup and the spice girls will reunite . 
  protesting against something you do n't believe is one thing . 
  but euroskeptics often do n't stop at this . 
  it 's not about a certain treaty . 
  many central european politicians choose to play the populism game . 
  they smile during eurogroup meetings and eu conferences and once they return to their countries they launch attacks towards the eu leaders , the eu system , how unfair it is and how it dillutes their national identity . 
  a union ca n't work when its members behave this way . 
  the problem is n't that they disagree . 
  the problem is that they want all the benefits but some of the obligations . 
  who can blame as though ? 
  italians are awesome . 
  their food is awesome , their country is awesome , their women are insanely beautiful ( men too , if that 's your cup of tea ) , their cars are awesome . 
  i 'd take being mistaken to an italian all day . 
  i thought we were cool after the past summer :(, 
  is aghio oros supposed to be yellow ? 
  because if yes , i call bullshit . 
  it 's 100 % men . 
  women are literally forbidden to visit . 
  the turkish state can fuck right off . 
  but the turkish people are always welcome as our allies . 
  i hope one day both our people will stop listening to the empty threats our goverments throw at each other every day and understand that we can prosper as allies . 
  our nations are so tied to each other is crazy . 
  yet for some reason , i 'm born to hate people i 've never met . 
  fuck this . 
  there 's a common mistake people from countries like greece , albania and russia make when discussing about immigration . 
  they apply the logic they use when dealing with immigration in their own country , to immigration in countries like the uk , germany , france . 
  these countries are immigration magnets . 
  they had a bunch of colonies , so they opened the door to immigrants , their economies thrive so people from poorer countries fight to get there and their governments welcomed immigration at some point , in some way . 
  you ca n't expect a french citizen to treat an immigrant the same way an albanian would . 
  i ca n't be mad at this , i actually feel obligated to thank him . 
  not only did he unite the south with this statement , but he lowered the integrity of all the `` fuck greece '' eurogroups we had while he was at the helm . 
  i think you should n't be using that seperation between your own people . 
  it only feeds the division and makes an erdogan win more certain .
