  i just hate it that americans/brits just walk up to me and start speaking in their language to me . 
  this is not an english country , so please have the respect to atleast ask the person if he speaks english and not be like `` hey can you help me i need xyz '' in a foreign country . 
  to me it feels very ignorant , arrogant , rude and cocky and it always pisses me off so that i 'd rather not help that person . 
  it 's really sad , irish and the other celtic languages are very beautiful and i hope ireland will speak more irish in the future . 
  do you speak it yourself ? 
  the eurovision thing is a real shame yes . 
  when everybody sings english it feels so generic and boring . 
  we tried to send in a dutch song again a couple of years ago . . well [ that ] ( https://youtu.be/urkxetjnaro ) did not go well . 
  i think because finnish is structurally very different and looks completely alien if you are used to english . 
  i agree your language is very beautiful , i love to listen to it . 
  that 's what i dislike too . 
  when i am at work and ( tourist ) customers approach me and start asking me questions in english , i find it pretty rude and arrogant for not asking me if i speak english . 
  * i live in a village just outside the randstad but lived in zoetermeer for 10 years and also finished my school over there . 
  the youth mixes a lot of english words with dutch here ... a horror . 
  where do you live approximately ? 
  i just feel proud about my quirky little language . 
  dutch is a pretty small language and irrelevant in the world stage so i just feel like we need to protect our heritage . 
  there are only very few finnish and karelian speakers left in russia , should they switch to russian ? 
  well ... 
  i did not see that one coming . 
  if russians hate the caucasus , why do n't they give them independence ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  they have the right to protest , but if they try to push laws through court when they are a 15 % minority , prepare for a shit storm . 
  let me explain it for you : - immigrant parents speak very poor dutch and feel like they better not teach their kid dutch because they would not teach it well - immigrant kid speaks poor dutch and needs special attention from the teacher now imagine in a poor neighbourhood most of the kids in the classroom are immigrants . 
  dutch kids will not get the attention they need because it all goes to the immigrants who have a language problem . 
  also there will be some issues if you have 20 out of 30 students who are muslim and still celebrate christmas and easter for the dutch kids . 
  this is why parents want their child to go to a school where he gets normal attention and a more dutch surrounding . 
  who cares what they think and that they have citizenship ? 
  everybody gets citizenship here nowadays , it does n't say anything . 
  in surinam and curacao ( the places nearly all black dutch people come from ) they celebrate sinterklaas as well and even dress up as zwarte piet . 
  it 's not anything new , if they do n't like it they should go back . 
  i am not saying they do n't have the right to be heard , but they are a small minority and should accept that . 
  who cares what people think in 50 years ? 
  to us this celebration is our herritage and we are proud of it . 
  the crying from some blacks and politically correct idiots made our feelings towards our herritage even stronger . 
  it 's not going anywhere . 
  we do accept different races , unless they expect special treatment and try to change our country . 
  for example we are absolutely fine with black people , but recently they tried to ban our traditional zwarte piet character of our sinterklaas celebration and according to polls 85 % of the population was very much against this . 
  why are kids being drilled with `` we must learn to live together '' . 
  this is the netherlands for fucks ' sake . 
  immigrants should learn to live with us not the other way around . 
  than they should work on being happy , it 's not our job to do that for them . 
  the russians have `` peacekeepers '' stationed in transnistria , but they ca n't send supplies anymore . 
  i believe moldova is also blocking russia to transnistria . 
  that 's the risk of being a bunch of stalin-loving morons waving soviet flags and creating your own unrecognized maffia state . 
  she was good but before the start i laughed ;d, 
  luckily my life still has a distinction between actual people and my reddit history , 
  same in the netherlands . 
  most people are like : `` brussels is the boss in our country and steals our money  :( ( ( '', 
  that 's journalism for you . 
  why did they nearly all close in the 90s and early 2000s ? 
  to answer your question : yes and yes . 
  not that those people are n't allowed to live where they live now , but europe is in the end their origin . 
  the fact that australia only very recently recognized the aboriginals as the original inhabitants is just disgusting . 
   they had no indigenous population you must be kidding me . 
  did you see korea and japan 's demographics ? 
  they are 99.9 % homogeneous and refuse to take refugees . 
  somehow they do n't get accused of racism though . 
  i do n't suggest it , i state the way it is . 
  kind of jaw dropping how we are already talking about indigenous and non-indigenous europeans . 
  europe is our homeland for fucks sake . 
  africa for africans , asia for asians and europe for everybody or you 're a racist . 
  sigh ... 
  in what way is this a pr stunt ? 
  do many bulgarians want to annex macedonia ? 
  polls source ? 
  we must arm ukraine and put sanctions on russian oil and gas . 
  i am tired of our governments letting russia bully our countries with their mentality of `` do n't make russia angry , do n't escalate it . '', 
  a violent rogue state like russia only understands violence , they do n't value `` peace talks '' . 
  `` peace talks '' with russia means giving russia their way with the donbass , just as with abkhazia , south ossetia and transnistria . 
  we all know what appeasement eventually brought us in the late 30 's . 
  ehmaghered , you nazi bigot !, 
  you ca n't be against mass-immigration or you are literally hitler , shitlord !, 
  sounds like a good song, 
  yea , i think we can forget about the `` pro- '' and `` rebels '' , seems to just be russian mercenaries and soldiers on `` vacation '' now . 
  way more likely that they are stolen and replaced with forgeries . 
  we are the voice of the people !, 
  damn sweden ... are they suggesting they want to take them all ? 
  great . 
  time to put sanctions on russian oil and gas as long as their troops and equipment are in ukraine . 
  and if it wo n't , 2016 will !, 
  because they do n't want to `` provoke the muslims '' . 
  this happens all the time in my country . 
  there are reports from high school teachers , that they ca n't teach about the holocaust anymore because this subject is `` too sensitive '' for the muslims . 
  not that they will make a different decision the next time ... 
  they should have gone for 24 and 25 and the areas south of those . 
  those areas used to speak dutch and could have been achievable . 
  i thought all those went to the uk ? 
  because we are a predictable bunch, 
  poland , poopland , what is the difference ? 
  putin is friends with biker gangs , maffia , islamist warlords , his cossack goons , neo-nazi 's and oligarchs . 
  russia is so developed , huray !, 
  this is great , we should introduce this in the eu . 
  suddenly all of our economic problems are solved . 
  yea we did , but we still have some cv90 's and boxers , a bunch of f-16 's and a navy that makes the belgian one look like a bunch of rubber ducks . 
  i wonder , how likely is it for republika srpska to be part of serbia by 2020 ? 
  omg !, 
  this is so dutchophobic !, 
  we have pancakes , poffertjes , kibbeling and saucijzenbroodjes !,
