i agree , it 's a very beautiful language . 
  it reminds me of italian with a bit of a slavic melody to it . 
  i dont know what this rubbish is , never heard about it . 
  it 's a joke . 
  kankerhoer = cancer whore , so i hope for you that you are n't female . 
  i hope you are n't a grill . 
  it seems like they missed a bomb . 
  so we should not call nigeria a black country because if i want to move there , it will make me feel like it 's not a country for me ? 
  they should n't . 
  they are laws imposed on them by others , while it 's their country . 
  lol , are you for real ? 
  `` white country '' is a preposterous term ? 
  how about black or asian country ? 
  in a white country , skin-colored refers to our own skin color . 
  however in america or brazil it would be a weird term . 
  fuck what americans think . 
  they can think what they want , it 's our culture . 
  i wonder who are going to feed those 3 billion mouths , but i know already . 
  are they mutually intelligible ? 
  kept alive by the people originally targeted by it , ironically . 
  did n't belarusian become more popular until lukashenko came ? 
  how different is the kajkavian from zagreb compared to shtokavian ? 
  do all of them still speak hungarian or are they assimilated to some extent ? 
  good . 
  salary must be shitty compared to what you 're used to , or do n't you mind ? 
  why would a somali come to sweden ? 
  lol . 
  this / u/benthetraveler seems a moron with a long list of issues , saw his shitposting in the morning as well . 
  also knows only 2 words , gentlesir and neckbeard . 
  good entertainment . 
  that 's interesting , how did he end up in romania instead of france or spain ? 
  sounds like the trains suck pretty hard . 
  are they improving them like the romanians are ( was posted here a while ago ) or nothing yet ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  are n't you worried about finding work ? 
  bulgaria is a beautiful country with one of the most beautiful anthems . 
  i am happy you got ~ ~ annexed ~ ~ accepted into the eu . 
  steps for fixing a problem a la liberal : 1 . 
  demonize opposition 2 . 
  silence discussion 3 . 
  ignore problem , everything is fine good luck with your sewer of a country . 
  calling people dumb is very ableist , you shitlord !, 
  just ignore the german sjw trolls , they pull nothing but butthurt insanity out of their ass . 
  cries `` coontown should be banned '' . 
  calls its users `` shit flinging monkeys '' . 
  nothing to see here . 
  topkek . 
  but would you feel comfortable with people taking away your money because of `` muhhh sad poor people '' ? 
  make a neologism . 
  would something like lachasmuit be correct ? 
  why do n't irish see irish people living abroad as irish , is n't there any sort of ethnic identity in ireland ? 
  i can understand mocking the `` muhhh 1/32 irish ancestry '' - people but even people with irish parents in britain for example get mocked when they say they are irish . 
  why is that ? 
  did n't romanian salaries go up with taxes down , recently ? 
  there 's still hope . 
  i also read that romanians in britain ( the actual ones , not your ... less loved countrymen ) have 2.93 children on average , so there is also hope that romania 's demographic decline might be turned around at some point . 
  are you permanently back in romania ? 
  do you think most romanian migrants will return one day ? 
  but it 's made by the 200 % dacian gladiators from glorious latin romania , right ? 
  now that is very bigoted hate speech , please watch your mouth . 
  how many people know belarusian , how many do actually speak it ? 
  topkek , glad you agree mericu . 
  there is a feeling of superiority amongst americans against other peoples , cultures and countries . 
  according to them , there is only one right and that is theirs . 
  we are all wrong and backwards , underdeveloped cavemen . 
  i hope that the moderators of this subreddit keep this subreddit for ( and by ) europeans and will not put our norms and values under american pressure . 
  that 's just a demographic shift . 
  you can only blame the hungarians themselves for leaving and having few children . 
  if they stayed where they were and bred like rabbits , they might 've been the majority today . 
  many areas in slovakia also lost their hungarian majority or minority , but a fact is that hungarian birthrates are low and many migrate to hungary . 
  do you mean gerrymandering ? 
  which ethnic cleansing , against which people ? 
  with a little luck they create more jobs in romania , everybody would be happy, 
  it dey kulcha . 
  my eyes , turkey plis ; c, 
  soon it will look like ashgabat . 
  cost of living is also a lot lower in poland , it 's relative to a certain extent . 
  i wonder what happened to them , did they totally assimilate into the greek population ? 
  can these people ever stop having so many fucking kids . 
  yes , immigrants love gay and transsexual rights !, 
  when are n't they crying . 
  he has nothing to say in the party . 
  anybody could have a bomb . 
  kek . 
  oh yes , even when a terror attack happens , it 's not the fault of the terrorists , it 's the fault of the ultra evil nazi fascist hitlerjugend kkk-members who hurt their feelings !, 
  you are n't a racist . 
  the word racist is used to silence you , since only white people will do everything they can to prove they are not racist . 
  the moment you do n't care what they call you is the moment you can finally speak freely . 
  yes , but not in the same way the japanese did . 
  they had officers/commanders/generals commiting ritual suicide , soldiers doing suicide charges , soldiers fighting until death at all cost , soldiers killing themselves if a loss was inevitable , and of course the kamikaze units . 
  this glorification was deliberatly introduced by the japanese authorities and taken over from the old samurai bushido , it was no normal death glorification . 
  are you saying the japanese did not brainwash soldiers with that dying for the emperor is a divine thing and that fear for death is an act of extreme cowardice ? 
  i think you need to read a little better , since i said war ideology , not goverment policy or anything . 
  they do n't even care , the isis war ideology is a death cult much like imperial japan was , they do n't value life . 
  `` hate groups '', 
  i kek 'd :d, 
  the catalan people want to be independent and have the right of self-determination , so i hope they will succeed . 
  i do n't think its going to happen , but i hope it will, 
  if he didnt do anything , the exact same thing would have happend , he was just a cog in a machine . 
  this sentence is just for show and to try to make up for germany 's history .
