  i agree , but that 's not how it works here . 
  states set their own rules , and every state does n't allow mail-in ballots . 
  as i understand it , a prime minister is only the head of government , where in the us the president is also head of state , and the reason we do n't now have both is that such would too closely resemble the british system , which we [ rejected to the point of war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_revolution ) . 
  as for your idea to expand the legislature , there 's the [ congressional apportionment amendment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congressional_apportionment_amendment ) , which was proposed along with the bill of rights and the twenty-seventh amendment but not yet adopted , and the house is fixed at 435 by [ a 1911 law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apportionment_act_of_1911 ) . 
  fair enough . 
  still , the `` red states '' are the party in power , and they like being in power , perhaps more than the democrats . 
  republicans are the ones who want to take away our healthcare , for example . 
  the voting machines currently used in pennsylvania have buttons to vote for parties as a whole as well as separate buttons for each office and candidate . 
  in the election in november i voted for greens where i could , and i voted democratic where green was n't an option . 
  reform your checks and balances thing . 
  how would you do that ? 
  each of the current three branches is checked and balanced by the other two . 
  make a unicameral system , where the members of congress ( which now only has 1 chamber ) run nationwide campaigns instead of in states . 
  this chamber will have a fluent number of members so that if a party gets 37,6 % of the vote , that party should get as close to 37,6 % of seats as possible . 
  the chamber will have maximum 551 and at least 451 seats , and seats will always be uneven numbers . 
  why 551 ? 
  would you also have the president chosen from among the parliament , as is done in that system ? 
  if so , how would that work ? 
   you ca n't be appointed potus presidents are elected , not appointed . 
  this is in the main body of our constitution . 
  even the original roman post of * dictator * had a limit of six months . 
   i would change your whole political culture , but that would require me to `` reprogram '' the brains of your voters . 
  we 're working on it . 
  given the mess with our healthcare more of our voters are waking up , and both parties are collapsing . 
  the [ justice democrats ] ( https://justicedemocrats.com/ ) and [ brand new congress ] ( https://brandnewcongress.org/ ) are organizations intended to replace and rebuild our democratic party , and i honestly think a lot of our current democratic politicians at the federal level would fit in better as republicans . 
  we could definitely be nicer . 
  however , i think bernie sanders was * too * nice , and that was part of what cost him the nomination . 
  he stuck to policy and decorum without offering a plan on * how * he 'd do what he said he 'd do . 
  the main difference between bernie sanders and hillary clinton was consistency , as i 've said before . 
  most of what i saw from hillary was inconsistent , forgetful , and indecisive . 
  bernie was [ literally right behind her ] ( https://youtu.be/uf4di8dgo3o ) during bill clinton 's first term , and how she forgot about that is beyond me . 
  he 's been consistent [ from the beginning ] ( https://youtu.be/ru3nkvvxcss ) , and we need more of that at all levels . 
  i agree with most of it , and i see the merits of a parliament over a congress . 
  i just do n't know how we could have a parliament and still have separation of powers . 
  we definitely need something like instant-runoff rather than the clusterfuck circlejerk shitshow we call fptp , and we also definitely need to get corporate money out of politics . 
  if other candidates and nominees can raise money from small donations and use that to be successful i do n't see why it could n't work for the major-party nominees . 
  ( well , i do , but i do n't want to start another flame war , especially since your question stuck to the op . 
  thank you for not attacking me ), 
   perhaps , given your curious habit of tacking wholly unrelated clauses onto bills an amendment could be added to some obscure law that prohibits states from receiving federal funding for something ( eg the national guard ) if they do n't reform their electoral system . 
  something along the lines of the way the over 21 drinking age is set up . 
  i disagree with your example , but i agree with the reasoning . 
  personally , i think the drinking age should be closer to the age of consent ( 16 in most states , and no higher than 18 ) . 
  in any case i think the reason the president has signed relatively few bills into law so far is that he 'll sign pretty much anything in front of him as long as he has a pen , and nobody wants to be responsible for writing the bill that blew up the us . 
  there 's also the issue of party infighting as well as disagreements between the parties . 
    voter passes is a good idea , and a lot of states have some way to identify voters already , but putting polling places near train stations and airports would n't work as well here , since the us is fucking enormous and almost nobody here uses trains , besides that every american does n't live near an airport . 
  there 's a good reason the middle states are called `` flyover country . ''   sure , the logistics in the us are different than in the netherlands . 
  but still , there appears to be very little effort being made in making sure that there are enough polling stations in convenient locations . 
  especially in larger cities , the local governments should have a very good idea of what the traffic flows are and they can setup well-staffed polling stations in areas that attract a large amount of traffic ( malls , subway/bus stations , etc. . . ) . 
  most polling locations around me have been in easy walking distance , but that has as much to do with my ability to walk as with location . 
  i agree that there should be easily-accessible polling locations , but every city is different and everybody here ca n't always get to where they 'd need to be . 
     most polling locations here in my city ( philadelphia , where the united states was born ) are libraries , schools , or other such places , but i think the problem is more about timing than location . 
  we vote on a tuesday , and it 's not a holiday . 
  changing that would be a start . 
    the netherlands had their most important elections less than a week ago . 
  on a wednesday . 
  turnout was more than 80 % . 
  voting holidays are a decent idea , but they 're hardly necessary . 
  and even with voting holidays , you 'll still have to make arrangements for the part of the population that has to work anyway . 
  just make sure that people have an easy time voting , close to home , close to work or anywhere in between , generous opening hours with minimal queues . 
  most of us vote when we can , especially at the local level . 
  when i voted in november i ticked every box i could , and i do that every time . 
  as far as generous hours , that 's already true . 
  i think an even better solution would be mail-in voting available in every state , since mailboxes are usually closer than polling stations . 
   there 's nothing stopping states from taking the measures needed to push turnout up . 
  right , but if the state legislatures and local councils do n't push it through to put it on the ballot then there 's nothing the citizens can do . 
  agreed . 
  corporations are not people . 
  right , but in the us our elections are too often decided with the help of enormous donations by giant corporations . 
  fix that and it 's better . 
  we already have proportional representation in the lower chamber . 
  the problem is that the house is capped at 435 [ by law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apportionment_act_of_1911 ) . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  i agree that we need to get rid of fptp , but we ca n't just vote on things whenever we want . 
  bureaucracy and entrenched politicians are huge problems here , and it does n't help that pretty much everything needs a vote at some level . 
  you 're correct , but the congress is laid out in the main body of the constitution , and even the 27th amendment , which gave congress a pay raise and was proposed along with the bill of rights , took over 200 years to pass . 
  you 'd think something like that would have passed sooner . 
  it 's not so much that our legislature is `` relatively powerless , '' as you put it , but that there 's a * lot * of infighting in the parties , as much as between them . 
  besides that , you 're talking about `` a big jerk who nobody likes '' as though we do n't have exactly that kind of person running our country right now . 
  as i 've said before , only around 1/5 of voters voted for either hillary or trump ( i voted for a third party ) , and almost half of our voters did n't vote at all . 
  voter passes is a good idea , and a lot of states have some way to identify voters already , but putting polling places near train stations and airports would n't work as well here , since the us is * fucking enormous * and almost nobody here uses trains , besides that every american does n't live near an airport . 
  there 's a good reason the middle states are called `` flyover country . '' most polling locations here in my city ( philadelphia , where the united states was born ) are libraries , schools , or other such places , but i think the problem is more about timing than location . 
  we vote on a tuesday , and it 's not a holiday . 
  changing that would be a start . 
  most of the issue is with the power of states compared to that of the federal government . 
  according to the tenth amendment to our constitution , the federal government is allowed only the powers which are spelled out in the constitution , with all other powers vested in the states themselves , or the people . 
  we ca n't just pass a federal law with terms you suggest , as much as that might be necessary or helpful . 
  the office of president * ca n't * be ceremonial as far as i know , since that office holds our head of state as well as our head of government . 
  we 'd need a constitutional amendment to change it , and those are usually a bitch to write and pass . 
  we do have other parties , but the two in power like things just fine how they are , and i do n't know how that can change except from the inside . 
  my distrust of hillary as a candidate has nothing to do with hillary as a woman . 
  as for spending thirty years doing exactly what she said she 'd do , bernie has spent the same time saying exactly the same things he 's always said , from the time he was mayor of burlington to now , and while bernie might not have many of his own bills on the books as laws , he 's written over 200 amendments to bills that * have * become law . 
  to continue that theme , during the time both bernie and hillary were both in the senate they voted the same way 93 % of the time . 
  again , my problem with hillary is her inconsistency and lies , not her gender . 
  neither of us can be convinced of the merits of the other , so i 'll end it here . 
  i 'd cite a [ proposed 28th amendment ] ( http://www.wolf-pac.com/28th ) , and i also would cite the first amendment . 
  i admit i 'm not a lawyer , but i think free speech should n't be extended to corporations to let the corporations act as legal persons to give huge sums of money to political campaigns . 
  board members are one thing , but i reject the notion of `` corporate personhood . '', 
  i really do n't think it 's constitutional to treat corporations like they 're people . 
  i understand that money talks , which is why i believe that small voices are as valid as bigger . 
  more people might have seen more in hillary than in almost any other candidate in us history , but that still does n't explain or excuse the fact that only around 1/5 of voters voted for either hillary or trump .
