  the longest word i know in english is `` pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis , '' but that 's mostly greek to me, 
  some smaller stores only allow paying customers to use the toilet , but supermarkets and stores like walmart could n't care less . 
  gas stations also do n't really care . 
  what unholy word vomit is that ? 
  right . 
  i get that . 
  google translate says it 's `` a face in need of a fist , '' describing a person you want to punch in the face . 
  i do n't mean to make fun of german for its ability to combine words that way . 
  it 's useful , and obviously it works since you keep doing it . 
  i wish english had n't lost that as it evolved , but i do n't complain . 
  just wishful thinking , i suppose . 
  at this point i 've forgotten exactly where i first found it , but i do know it was n't the source you 're suggesting . 
  not to the degree present in german , no . 
  english does n't do it that way . 
  i know what those three words mean , but my german does n't go much farther than that . 
  that 's what i 've read . 
  how would timing fit ? 
  now we both know, 
  i 'd never heard of hi until you mentioned it . 
  as for the song , it popped into my head from somewhere on the internet . 
  still , thanks !, 
  true . 
  still , a for effort . 
  it 's a good song , and i give him an a for effort, 
  i suppose it technically is , but i 've never heard those words before . 
  i 'd wager it 's older than most of reddit, 
  most english speakers tend to sound like americans when they sing , so maybe it 's just that . 
  some accents just do n't translate well to singing . 
  very nice !, 
  wikipedia says that song is from 1972, 
  apparently it 's just english sounds that sound good in italian . 
   clinton was moderate ( centre-right ) . 
  sanders was moderate ( centre to centre-left ) . 
  you 're right , but that 's not how we see it . 
  many of our `` liberal '' politicians are bought and paid for , so they literally ca n't afford to help us as a people without losing corporate money . 
  our conservatives just do n't care . 
  it would be better if corporate money had no place in us politics , but that wo n't change soon . 
   you voted for a clown with a far-right entourage because of the lack of moderate candidates ? 
  that 's amongst the most ridiculous i 've heard . 
  trump and hillary each got votes from about 1/5 of american voters . 
  almost half of us did n't vote at all , and our minor parties got around 1 % of votes * put together * . 
  the problem with that is that our elections are run by corporations that represent our major parties . 
  they set absurd rules for minor-party nominees eg only nominees with \u2265 15 % in polls are permitted to debate , and then they suppress information about such candidates to make sure they do n't get close to that number . 
  since he 's our president she gets a lot more attention than she would if that were n't the case . 
  i did n't even make the connection between `` melania knauss '' and `` melania trump '' until last year . 
  i 'd heard her maiden name once or twice before , but i do n't pay attention to donald trump if i can help it . 
  i do n't know if she 'd be anywhere near as famous and well-known if she were n't married to donald trump . 
  [ george carlin ] ( https://youtu.be/vueqixrbkcc ) . 
  dude was woke before we even knew what it was . 
  this gives me incentive to learn spanish , especially since louis ck [ grew up in mexico ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_c.k . 
  right . 
  i guess you would n't care if either were married to someone else . 
  does she represent you well ? 
  that 'll take a * long * time . 
  my highest level character is at 51 , and i 'm f2p . 
  edit : wait , what ? 
  how did you ... ? 
  * merci *, 
  thanks !, 
  good stuff !, 
  i guess it 's more exotic to us since most americans do n't speak spanish . 
  thank you !, 
   fat that 's what happens when the government subsidizes cheap food instead of healthy food . 
  not easily changed . 
   rude , unfriendly and stupid our president does n't represent all of us . 
  just his voters . 
  besides that , there are such people in most countries . 
   that 's because of your hollywood movies . 
  try watching something else . 
   boring sense of humor not all of us . 
   bad dressers sneakers are comfortable . 
  most americans ca n't always afford to buy italian-made clothing . 
   bad hygiene some here would say that of italians . 
   no culture we take parts of other cultures and mix them together . 
  we 're not nearly as old as a country as you . 
   americans do not exist , you 're mixed . 
  you 're conflating `` heritage '' and `` nationality . '' americans are proud of both . 
   not really attractive people every country has attractive people and unattractive . 
   the fact that you 're terrible dressers makes the situation even worse !, 
  we like to be comfortable . 
  what 's inexpensive to you might not be so to us . 
   americans distinguish between white people , latins , hispanics , asians , blacks . 
  they are an encyclopedia of sub-races . 
  pathetic . 
  we take a census every ten years , and i guess that stays in some people 's minds . 
   - america is not a safe country , you 're a bunch of crazy psychopaths . 
  try watching something besides news reports . 
   everyone has a gun ... like , seriously ??? 
  not * everyone * . 
  not even most of us . 
  we 're just proud that we have the * right * to have guns . 
  i might use that !, 
  thanks !, 
  i also saw him in * snowpiercer * with chris evans , and of course as the war doctor . 
  he was also in * alien * , where [ it happens ] ( https://youtu.be/7wsmc0n8jcy ) . 
  got that . 
  thanks !, 
  not as much as some , but yes . 
  i was very sad when i learned john hurt had died . 
  i had n't seen him in many movies or shows , but i always felt he was grossly underutilized .
