  that 's up to the court to decide . 
   are there any other constitutional provisions that overlap these ones , making some of them redundant ? 
  not that i can find , but certain amendments have changed the meaning of parts of the main body of the constitution . 
   the 9th and 10th amendments look kind of pointless at first glance that 's just making sure that the people and the states have rights and powers too , not just the federal government . 
   the 3rd is extremely niche . 
  it was written in response to the [ quartering acts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quartering_acts ) . 
  as i 've said elsewhere , the british liked to tell us americans what to do , and we did n't like that . 
   the 5th amendment seems hopelessly vague even if it does cover some important issues . 
  [ this link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_amendment_to_the_united_states_constitution ) might help . 
   the 2nd and 7th are the only ones i fully disagree with though . 
  i asked in my op that the second amendment be ignored for purposes of the thread . 
  as for the seventh , what brings you to disagree ? 
    also , the bill of rights merely protects these rights , rather than granting them outright . 
    i 'm not sure what distinction you are making . 
  are you simply saying that these rights are not absolute ? 
  in some cases that 's specified in the text . 
  or do you mean that the us government already granted these rights in practice , before the amendments were passed ? 
  it 's not that the government grants these rights , it 's that they 're granted to all as a people and protected by law . 
  i 'm not saying it 's instantaneous , but it would be better if us politicians cared enough to let the voters learn the law so the politicians do n't get soft and lazy . 
  the first things the us does in other countries is remove the leader , rebuild the infrastructure , and introduce democracy . 
  should do that at home . 
  as an american , i do n't like it . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's only happened once . 
  i asked in my op that the second amendment * specifically be excluded * from discussion , but since you brought it up i 'll address it . 
  while the us was still british america , british military leaders and others in authority kept taking our guns and telling us we could n't have them . 
  the second amendment was put in place to codify that the us government would not deny its citizens the right to keep and bear arms . 
  back then it was important to have militia units set up for defense , and while that part is now largely obsolete it still ties into that protected right . 
  ( note that `` protected '' is different from `` granted . '' ) as i also said in my op , certain rights are held as * protected * , and it can be inferred that even those rights not specifically protected are nonetheless granted by default . 
  as for your suggestion that such decisions be left up to the states , that might conflict with the tenth amendment , which says that anything not covered in the constitution as specifically granted to the federal government eg the bill of rights is granted to the states . 
  the states themselves are free to * regulate * firearms as they see fit , but they ca n't ban them outright without going against the second amendment . 
  we also have the [ us code ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_code ) , which is our laws on a real-world level . 
  we have state troopers for that . 
  those officers are permitted to cross state lines to apprehend criminals . 
   what do you do if a crime is committed over several states ? 
  state troopers can cross state lines to apprehend criminals . 
   why ca n't you have a national-trained police force commanded by the ministry of interior ( whatever you call that , department of interior ? ), 
  i do n't know that we * ca n't * , but i do know that we do n't . 
  anyway , that would probably fall under justice rather than interior ( `` department '' is indeed correct ) , but i dislike the men running those departments . 
  i find their beliefs and stances to be contrary to the stated missions of their departments ( attorney general jeff sessions of our justice department is fiercely racist and vocally against legalizing marijuana , for example , and interior secretary ryan zinke is a former executive for ( i think ) exxon ) . 
  i would n't want either of those in charge of a national-level police force , even though the attorney general is sometimes called the `` top cop . '', 
  i specifically asked for that to be excluded , but a few commentors missed that part . 
    certain countries have `` unwritten constitutions , '' a group of separate documents which , taken together , functions as a whole . 
  ours is simply a single document for all fundamental laws . 
    mainly the uk in the first case . 
  that was my thought too , but i did n't want to be both wrong and ignorant , so i chose ignorant and learned the answer  i can only do a comparison to the swedish constitution since i 'm fairly familiar to that one . 
  we have four fundamental laws , but the definition of the word `` law '' is a bit different . 
  i get the feeling on the internet a `` law '' is mostly referring to an `` article '' . 
  the most important fundamental law is the instrument of government , and that 's the one i will refer to from this moment on . 
     i do n't know . 
  you said your newest constitution was put in place to avoid amending an older one , and it 's just a comparison . 
    in that case i was n't clear enough . 
  the main reason was that a big part of it had fallen into obsolescence . 
  therefore it was rewritten from the ground up . 
  a big change was the move from a two chamber parliament to a unichamber . 
  that would n't work here , at least not as long as the electoral college exists . 
  our electoral college is based on both chambers of our congress . 
   it has then been amended many times , latest in 2014 . 
  in order to amend it you need a simple majority , but two times and have a general election in between . 
  here it 's 2/3 to propose an amendment and 3/4 to ratify , as i 've said elsewhere in comments on this post . 
    in any case , i still do n't see why you think we should write an entirely new constitution . 
    there are some pretty troublesome parts in your constitution , such as the electoral college . 
  right . 
  at this point i say it can go away , or at least after trump is done and hillary stays away . 
  i honestly think trump and hillary were the two worst candidates ** ever ** in us history , and the numbers agree with me . 
    is that not similar to your country 's highest courts ? 
    actually , no . 
  but i know that we 're the odd ones here . 
  courts ( any court ) can test if the application of a law is in accordance of the fundamental law in each specific case . 
  but they can not dismiss a law as `` unconstitutional '' . 
  before a law comes into effect it passes through the `` council on legislation '' which may point to problems with the laws . 
  the government is being watched by the `` committee on the constitution '' . 
  but as i said , we 're pretty odd in that . 
  definitely different . 
   instead of interoperating old laws it might be better to rewrite them so they make sense . 
  ca n't do that here . 
  we can only write new laws , as in the case with the eighteenth amendment which was repealed by the twenty-first . 
    i did say that . 
  the bill of rights merely protects these rights , holding them as granted by default . 
    hmm , the only thing which remotely resembles that is [ allemansr\u00e4tten ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam ) , which is n't defined what it includes or not . 
  but it is granted by the constitution by the 2nd chapter , 15th article , 4th paragraph :   `` everyone shall have access to the natural environment in accordance with the right of public  access , notwithstanding the above provisions . '', 
    but then again , does n't that make it the other way around ? 
  i should probably go to sleep now . . sleep is good . 
  good night !, 
  right . 
  spelling out the rights that are protected was a safety measure , to ensure that the biggest majority supported the cause . 
  those people are ill-informed at least , and in my opinion they 're wrong . 
  thus the wikipedia link and clarification . 
  that 's why i did n't want the second amendment brought up . 
    the us constitution sets the basic laws of the country and federal government   and this is different from other countries ' constitutions in what way ? 
  certain countries have `` unwritten constitutions , '' a group of separate documents which , taken together , functions as a whole . 
  ours is simply a single document for all fundamental laws . 
    besides that , there have only been 27 ratified amendments in 250 years . 
  not a big number . 
    is that a good thing ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you said your newest constitution was put in place to avoid amending an older one , and it 's just a comparison . 
    in any case , we could n't really throw it out and start over , especially now since the party in power could n't even `` repeal and replace '' something as simple as a healthcare measure . 
    you could if your politicians were n't so stubborn all the time . 
  the feeling that i get from us politics is that it 's all about making sure that the other side ca n't do a damn thing , instead of actually making progress that is of benefit to the people and country .
