  that completely changed cuisines in , for example , countries which had been part of the roman empire . 
  that in itself was a huge shift , but when italians and irish came to the us and brought their recipes with them , after adapting to available ingredients the americanized versions of those foods might be unrecognizable to an irish or an italian person in europe . 
  plenty of irish-descended and other americans think corned beef and cabbage is traditional irish food , but * actual * irish people are usually totally confused by it . 
  til . 
  thanks !, 
  as i said . 
  you guys invented it , but we perfected it, 
  i 've always seen the roast dinner as done with beef . 
  never chicken . 
  do not want . 
  it 's also that many of the wealthiest americans pay taxes at the lowest rates . 
  our tax system seems to favor businesses over consumers , and that hurts economic growth . 
  sounds a bit more like earl grey than anything russian . 
  i was asking how a russian would make tea , though , since this is so different . 
   roast chicken would n't that be a different thing ? 
  i find that breads are easier to make at home for the proper flavor and texture . 
  others agree with you that our bread is too sweet . 
  i understand that . 
  it just bothers me when people insist that theirs is correct , like when people not from philadelphia ( born and raised , etc ) attempt to make a `` cheesesteak , '' using ingredients such as filet steak and `` swiss '' cheese , and local bread . 
  definitely not authentic . 
  hell , i remember when john kerry was campaigning here in 2004 and he tried to order a cheesesteak with swiss cheese from pat 's . 
  i 'm surprised he got anything at all . 
  i 'm glad you agree !, 
  i do n't mind creativity . 
  what makes me sad is that we insist the way we know it is the only way , simply because it 's the way we know . 
  another commentor offered a twitter link with what was called an `` aberration . '' after seeing it done the proper way i can see why !, 
  i 've had tea brewed from loose leaf , but i 'd never heard of `` russian tea . '' how is it prepared ? 
  good to know !, 
  thank you !, 
  yes . 
  it 's especially good in that case because celery provides less energy than is needed to digest it , so the peanut butter adds calories as well as improving the flavor . 
  you misunderstand . 
  americans * love * peanut butter . 
  we eat it with fruit , in cakes , mixed in drinks , mixed in ice cream , * on top * of ice cream , with celery , and sometimes straight from the jar . 
  so the original only has potato and onion with the egg ? 
  it would n't be the same if i did that . 
  if you mean to say you do n't like spray cheese , i do n't blame you . 
  i do n't eat it much . 
  right . 
  better to cook for yourself , but that 's not always easy . 
  i 'm an anatomy student , so i know . 
  sugars and fats both have carbon , hydrogen , and oxygen , but they 're different types of molecules . 
  that said , you 're correct . 
  i find nutella is very sweet , and peanut butter is more savory , so it balances out . 
  it 's a shame we so often and heavily modify foods from other countries . 
  makes me sad sometimes . 
  most likely . 
  not really . 
  the stomach actually does n't do much digesting . 
  high-fat foods do add to the body 's fat reserves faster , though . 
  i did . 
  sometimes i also add banana . 
   pizza . 
  granted . 
  there are local shops owned and operated by italians and italian-americans in many different cities in the us , but no matter how good it is it 's not authentic since its not in italy . 
   uhm , is maple syrup american ? 
  i once ate pancake with maple syrup , and i really liked it , but the syrup is not so easy to find here . 
  you can get maple syrup in the us ( mostly produced in vermont ) , but canadians probably do it better . 
  we already have that . 
  for example , in philadelphia there 's a tax of 1.5 cents per ounce on soda and other prepared sugary drinks . 
  only place in the us that has such a tax . 
  as far as `` you could just pass it , '' you underestimate how difficult it is to get such overarching laws through our congress . 
  2/3 of both chambers have to pass constitutional amendments , for example , with a further requirement that 3/4 of all states in the us must ratify an amendment to add it to the constitution ( it 's a little more complicated than that , but that 's the gist of it . ), 
   i do n't know if in america they produce bastardised versions of spanish food . 
  what i do see a lot is how they mix up mexican cuisine as `` spanish '' when they are totally different lol spaniards generally hate spicy food for starters !, 
  most spanish food i 've seen here is made by actual spaniards , so that 's covered . 
  that 's not to say it 's not still conflated with mexican food in a lot of places . 
   as for american food ... 
  i love peanut butter and i do receive some weird looks from people when i eat it but who cares ? 
  i love it . 
  i 'm glad you enjoy it !, 
   traditionally it 's eaten with diced onions and potatoes ( preferably [ almonds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almond_\\ ( potato \\ ) ) ) on swedish flatbread ( [ * tunnbr\u00f6d * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tunnbr%c3%b6d ) ) . 
  you could use two buttered pieces of crispy tunnbr\u00f6d to make a little sandwich , or go burrito-style using the soft tunnbr\u00f6d . 
  some also just eat it on a plate with the potatoes and onions , but if it 's your first time i 'd go with the tunnbr\u00f6d . 
  good to know !, 
   some swear by adding a touch of dill and sour cream or cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche , which is fine . 
  but the three most important things are : the potatoes , onions , and the fish itself . 
  and if it 's your first time , do n't use too high concentration of fish compared to the other ingredients . 
  thanks !, 
   also , eat it outside . 
  i remember that from the episode . 
  thanks !, 
  maybe not as such , but at the very least it 's not made in the us . 
   there 's just a weird barrier in my brain when it comes to combining sugary things with bread . 
  yoghurt with jam for breakfast = fine , pancakes with jam for special dessert = all good , bread with jam = no no abort abort . 
  it does n't make any logical sense , i know . 
  it 's just you being you , and that 's all good  i felt really dumb after that peanut butter moment . 
  we all have moments like that . 
  right . 
  maybe one day . 
  til, 
  thank you !, 
  all of that looks delicious !, 
  it 's `` wonder bread '' because you wonder how it 's bread, 
  not disputing that, 
  for * mici * , i like the real version better . 
  as for peanut butter , it 's just a thing americans have grown up with for generations . 
  it 's probably just to remind americans of hot dogs , rather than confusing us by saying that `` wiener '' simply refers to things from vienna . 
  i apologize on behalf of all americans . 
  maybe we do n't know how to make the syrup properly .
