   in america , bears eat you [ too soon , man ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timothy_treadwell ), 
  i was n't trolling . 
  maybe i should n't have made a comment at all , but it was an honest and reasonably accurate comment . 
  welcome . 
  i really should remember rule # 1 : do n't feed the trolls . 
  you 're right . 
  i apologize for my part in that . 
  am i wrong , though ? 
  yes . 
  after some soul-searching and a couple of political-spectrum quizzes , i 'm more of a `` left-libertarian '' ie help me if you want , but otherwise leave me alone . 
  that said , i just want the us to have better social programs . 
  i know we can afford it , and i 'm frustrated with our politicians who do n't want that because it would cut into their profits . 
  the problem with that is everything does n't work that way . 
  regulations keep everything from spiraling out of control . 
   these are the same people who think having too many rich people is a bad thing because of the resulting `` income inequality '' . 
  such people would not be satisfied with a two-tier system and its attendant `` healthcare inequality '' . 
  income inequality exists because the rich profit from the poor without giving back through fair tax rates . 
  billionaires do n't need all that money . 
   prosperity can not exist without property rights . 
  socialism actively destroys human productivity . 
  the profit motive drives innovation and progress . 
  you seem to think i 'm in favor of socialism . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm in favor of * social democracy * , which is a different thing where the government takes care of its citizens by putting taxes into programs for healthcare , welfare , education , and infrastructure . 
  i 'm not saying people should n't be paid for labor or service , or that profit is bad . 
  i 'm saying that * excessive * profit is bad . 
  look at walmart : because walmart employees are paid at or just above minimum wage in order to pad the bottom line , a large proportion of that group is forced to rely on government assistance . 
  whether you shop there or not , we 're all paying for that . 
   each and every case in which socialism has been tried throughout history , it has been a failure because it is contrary to human nature . 
  the only cases where socialism `` works '' is where it 's being temporarily propped up by a free-market system . 
  but eventually , it always collapses . 
  `` the problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money . '', 
  - margaret thatcher as above , i 'm not advocating socialism as such . 
  i disagree with the free market because that operates on `` fend for yourself , '' and it 's a simple fact that a certain subset of any given capitalist society ca n't afford to do that . 
   look at the market share of iphone vs. android . 
  i 've never had any iphone . 
  only android . 
   people do n't make nice things because you have a right to them . 
  they make nice things because you 're willing to pay for them . 
  not everyone is greedy like that . 
  true, 
  how do you know what `` they '' consider to be morally reprehensible ? 
  i view resistance and obstruction to healthcare-for-all as morally reprehensible . 
  wealth for its own good is morally reprehensible . 
  resources should be shared so we all can prosper . 
    since we have the best care available in most situations , it 's wrong that those who need it most could die if they ca n't afford it . 
    we have the best care available * because * of the free market . 
  under socialized medicine , we would have the same lower standards and rationing as everyone else . 
  are you sure ? 
  check my linked comment in this thread . 
   simple economics dictates that if something is cheaper , people will consume more of it . 
  and yet lots of people want the newest $ 700 + iphone . 
   your basic error is in assuming health care is a human right . 
  it is n't . 
  yours is assuming the market will always correct itself without outside intervention . 
  it wo n't . 
   nothing that requires someone else to bear a burden for you is a `` right '' , because that entails slavery . 
  even if everyone benefits from it ? 
   if you 're not a child , you do n't have a right to anyone else 's labor or resources . 
  by that logic nobody would have anything more advanced than what they could produce themselves , like this [ $ 1500 sandwich ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/lifestyle/man-spends-months-1500-make-sandwich-scratch/story?id=33802231 ) . 
  better clear your calendar . 
  what if i do n't have $ 50 ? 
  you might not like the idea of socialized medicine in the us , with what you seem to insist would be mediocre care , but [ these articles ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/business/dispatches_from_the_welfare_state.html ) say it can work . 
  france has a two-tier system that 's arguably the best on earth for a lot less money . 
  since we have the best care available in most situations , it 's wrong that those who need it most could die if they ca n't afford it . 
  i understand your stance of `` let him pay for it if he needs it , '' but too many americans are deep in debt or dead because drug companies and politicians are greedy . 
  er care is only for stabilizing to basic mobility ie `` now he can walk , so let 's get him out to free up valuable limited bed space . '' if you 're then admitted to the hospital you 're fucked if you ca n't pay . 
  taxes exist to fund the government , and the best return on that is a strong network of social programs for healthcare and welfare in addition to infrastructure and education , so people do n't have to worry about basic needs . 
  i do n't see the problem with that . 
  not really . 
  i only complain now because there 's * no * standard of care . 
  i 'm not the only american who 'd be happy if i never had to worry about medical bills . 
  i 'd rather have basic healthcare paid as a tax with the option to pay for specifics at better quality . 
  we pay too much for healthcare that most people do n't benefit from . 
  it 's should n't be down to `` i need a job so i can get healthcare . '' it should be `` since i have a job and pay taxes into a national healthcare system which covers everyone 's basic needs , the money i earn from my job can go toward improving my quality of life rather than struggling to meet the minimum standard . '', 
  the will exists among the common people , but not those in power . 
  right . 
  our politics is more about social programs and money in government . 
  your politics can focus more on government since your government actually takes care of you . 
  ours ( largely ) does n't . 
  that 's the point . 
  it should be a tax , with nothing to pay up front , the way it is in literally every other country that does it . 
  hell , even ** cuba ** does it that way . 
  i did n't mean just you specifically , but i did n't want to say `` you people '' that said , liberals ( and progressives ) here desperately want what you guys have . 
  different context to the word . 
  i 'll see your brexit and raise you trump . 
  why would you want to get rid of that ? 
  spending more of gdp on healthcare than most other countries yet having no universal healthcare . 
  also , trump . 
  tex-mex made by czechs . 
  what a concept, 
  that sounds pretty standard . 
  i like black tea , with milk and a little honey . 
  so it 's just the tea itself , without anything added ( besides perhaps milk and sugar ) ? 
  both of my grandfathers fought in wwii , but i do n't know that they fought in europe . 
  that said , i do n't know how they felt about germans . 
  i know i hold no ill will . 
   unless i 'm misunderstanding something . 
  you 're not . 
  for example , europe never had tomatoes or potatoes until after the americas were discovered .
