  im moving to wales next year , i look forward to the language to be honest . 
  can we have some sort of fanfare and award for the person who brings up the empire in every . 
  single . 
  britain . 
  thread ? 
  genuinely its starting to annoy me , i literally only ever see it mentioned on this subreddit by non-uk flags , its like you want us to do it again or something . 
  this is exactly the article i was thinking of , thanks !, 
  everyone seems to be missing the fact these figures are form may 2011 !, 
  the article talks about how greece likes it , that might have changed in the very active year and a half since . 
  same with the uk . 
  i demand a more recent survey . 
  prices can be a little high compared to europe . 
  but not as much as the link shows . 
  if im not mistaken the uk has enjoyed ( hah ! ), 
  the privatized water business for a couple of decades now . 
  can you please read the discussion i had with silence_hr , sort of explains it . 
  ive answered it to the best of my ability . 
  i dont honestly know , neither do they really . 
  ive just explained why there seem to be a lot of euro skeptics in this country . 
  its much easier for them to find a reason to hate the eu and ask to leave it than find a good reason . 
  honestly , you are asking the wrong people . 
  the majority of brits on here are eu supportive from what i 've seen . 
  i do not know the answer to your first two points , i am just going off what the euro-skeptics say and act on . 
  as for the third , lets net get into a discussion about it , but from what i have seen its mainly just about being an independent country . 
  the referendum was agreed to back on the 90 's when they became a more devolved system , its origins have nothing to do with the economic crisis . 
  there are those who say that economically its better , and in the short term it could indeed be . 
  currently the eu isnt in good shape , so many people are calling for us to leave . 
  it seems that if we were to go out on our own , we could do very well at the moment . 
  what they fail to see is that once the financial crisis is over , the uk would be in a bad position . 
  but there is also the underlying issue with freedom . 
  we like to do what we want , make our own choices and set our own policies . 
  many fear that the eu will stop us from doing this . 
  its the same as asking why the scots want to be free of the uk , economically not the best idea , but they might want to make their own choices . 
  many see freedom as a benefit here . 
  because right now there is a growing anti eu agenda in every country , when shit happens the extremists and right wingers come out . 
  in the uk ukip has suddenly gained a lot of support , the other parties are trying to cash in on this , they are the ones making this a big deal . 
  whether we like it or not , the real aim of a political party is to gain votes and get in power . 
  until there was a large number of potential votes in this , it was an issue that was always glossed over . 
  personally , i think we will lose out if we leave the eu . 
  as you said , the future lies in integration between nations . 
  i was just trying to explain why we have this absurd view . 
  can we drop the empire thing ? 
  almost every time i see it mentioned it by someone who is n't british , its like you guys want to force the idea on us again . 
  i think the problem has its roots in the fact we are an island , granted not very far away but it has affected the uk for hundreds of years . 
  countries like france , spain and the netherlands had huge empires as well , but they do n't seem to dwell on it . 
  the nordic countries also seem a little separate , although not as much as the uk ill grant you . 
  i think being an island nation has given us all the idea that we are independent and can make our own choices , although whether this is good or bad i can not say . 
  as a brit , i can confirm . 
  that they do , and the fact that they are the most popular newspapers in the country is not helpful . 
  it was , but arguably the ruling party invaded to boost morale and try to make people forget about the more important problems argentina was facing at the time . 
  firstly , the falklands are actually incredibly well protected now , more so than in the 80 's . 
  i believe the falkland people are the most protected individuals by amount of money spent on each one of them in the entire world . 
  secondly , the argentine government now is not a military government in need of more support from its people . 
  this is true , but in todays europe there is less conflict and disagreement between the nations than say 200 years ago . 
  there are also much more peaceful ways to sort out differences now . 
  yeah but right now we cant afford to fight each other so weve got a few years of peace . 
  edit : this was a joke ... 
  honestly , what are we defending ourselves from ? 
  the last foreign war the uk fought in defence was the falklands , and now argentina would not dare to attack . 
  and the rest of europe has even less to defend . 
  the large european countries are at peace , after 2000 years of near continuous conflicts , peace is here to stay . 
  like i said this has sort of already been implemented in the uk . 
  it so far has not seemed to reduce any prices for me , only increased prices for girls of my age . 
  perhaps in the long run it may reduce prices but certainly right now it has not done anything . 
  we can only wait and see what happens . 
  i know that now they can not choose , what im saying is that a few months ago when the british insurers did this they may have chosen to rather than be forced to . 
  it would indeed be nicer if they found a different way to do it , currently it just really penalizes people like me who actually drive sensibly . 
  this is good , however a few months ago insurers in the uk were forced ( or they chose ? 
  i ca n't remember ) to treat men and women equally in driving insurance . 
  now for adults there was only a slight difference and no massive problems . 
  however , for my generation ( currently 18 ) it is unfair still . 
  us men have always had to pay extortionate prices for car insurance ( at this age ) while a lot of women paid a lot less . 
  it made sense statistically , no one really argued . 
  now however they raised the prices for women . 
  it is now `` equal '' , as in women pay the same as men . 
  i like the idea of being treated equally , but in this case it really is just unfair . 
  as a british person , i can confirm it is disgusting . 
  [ source of my info before you ask ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2012/jul/22/gun-homicides-ownership-world-list ) not saying anything about the shooting or gun laws but let me put things in perspective . 
  in the us the homicide by firearm per 100k population is 2.97 , in england and wales it is 0.07 . 
  60 % of homicides in the states are by gun , in england and wales it is 6.6 % . 
  im not saying that the us is the worst for gun crime but is bad compared to europe . 
  i chose england and wales because its where i live and i feel has quite strict rules on the matter , but france similarly has low gun crime . 
  i assume hes ignoring the sino-japanese war before 1939 ? 
  i have n't looked into it but it might be the reason the numbers are lower . 
  you seem to be a mod of most of the imaginary subreddits , how do you even have time for all that ? 
  lots of alcohol indeed , shot for just about every speech etc etc. 
  therefore i cant really remember the dancing portion of the night . 
  went to an italian-slovakian wedding a few years back , the italian contribution was wine and food . 
  its interesting you talk about bringing back the death penalty and talk about dropping sanctions on russia . 
  you obviously believe in the punishment of serious crimes , so what would you then suggest we do with russia ? 
  they could be blamed for many of the deaths in ukraine , through supplying weapons and soldiers , and should n't they punished for it ? 
  why let them off the hook ? 
  for the economy ? 
  so we should forget morals for the sake of a stronger economy ? 
  including the [ welsh ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/59/flag_of_wales_2.svg/255px-flag_of_wales_2.svg.png ) flag without the dragon is just wrong . 
  and the rest of the time , well we do n't like to talk about it . 
  wow , i decided i could n't pick a british accent either so i too ~ ~ also ~ ~ picked italian . 
  `` which european country has the silliest accent ? '', 
  considering the number of sub accents in each country as it were , i found it hard to pick . 
  the sas in the uk are actually a specialised anti-terror unit , and they have proved themselves as being proficient in that respect .
