oh yes indeed , i just found it amusing because as the token french person in the flat he fulfilled the stereotypes perfectly . 
  last year i had a french guy in my flat at university , he never washed and was rude . 
  stereotypes are sometimes true it seems , it amused me in a way . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  new zealandish 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  welsh ( uk ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  english 2 . 
  norwegian 3 . 
  swedish interesting results for me . 
  spent ages 4 through to 10 in an international school in the netherlands . 
  majority was americans and brits but there were also locals and many european , asian and middle eastern children + parents . 
  was mostly taught american english as a result . 
  i lived before that in england and then from ages 10 onwards in england . 
  lived in wales for the past year . 
  sunday trade hours are because its a bank holiday yes , unaware of alcohol being prohibited before 5 today or any bank holiday though . 
  more likely a special case for good friday if true . 
  except in this case it is n't democracy , who is to say that voting was not rigged ? 
  or at least influenced by thousands of russians soldiers satnding nearby ? 
  i do n't see a problem with / rather than . 
  or - on / r/europe its a safe bet its dd.mm.yyyy, 
  seems like many people are wondering why countries are rich / poor . 
  interesting . 
  well we have quite a high gdp so the effect has not been as drastic on daily life as in greece . 
  at my university there is quite a large bulgarian group actually , they seem to quite like it here . 
  im pretty sure that mars one is regarded as bullshit on reddit is it not ? 
   anyway i think it is rather obvious that you should learn the language of the country you are living in . 
  thats the point though , the one million brits who live in spain dont seem to want to . 
  to be fair though the parties elected do n't usually have `` restrict peoples rights such as the right to protest '' in their manifests when elected . 
  * thats the joke *, 
  just an fyi , the quote above is not in the article . 
  to be fair the campaigning is only just beginning now , a lot could happen . 
  whats more interesting is that in the uk abortions are only legal if needed , rather than if the mother just wants it . 
  at least thats what our law says . 
  fair enough , i never realised that the spanish took so much of the centre . 
  i wasnt getting mad haha . 
  the dutch , french and british took north america . 
  the spanish took florida and below . 
  after a series of conflicts the british aqcuired the whole of na above florida . 
  germany wasnt even a nation then , and didnt have colonies till the late 19th century . 
  i cant imagine why they would speak german seeing as french , english , spanish and dutch were world languages . 
   back during the dates on this map the us was a mix of french , german and english german ? 
  i think dutch is more correct . 
  i know about 20 people from an international school ( so they all speak english ) in the netherlands going to university this year , even though they all speak dutch at a high level , and many speak german or french at a similar level ( a few are french , german or dutch in the anyway ) , they all came to the the uk for university . 
  im pretty sure brighton was planning to introduce some drug taking rooms where users can go and take drugs anonymously and safely without fear of prosecution . 
  trained professionals would be on standby to help and information , help etc would also be available . 
  seemed like a good idea , but i do n't think it ever came to anything , even though sussex police seemed in favour of it . 
  not to mention that the positives generally do not effect us at home . 
  in fact the only really effect that many feel are the deaths of our soldiers . 
  at this point im torn . 
  on the one hand what is happening is unacceptable , even without the supposed chemical attacks , and on the other we 've got our experiences in iraq and afghanistan . 
  i think the us and uk should wait until the weapons observers have finished their observation . 
  confirmation of a chemical attack would surely be a more valid reason to intervene , whereas right now it feels like iraq and the wmds . 
  except to close the border over a sovereignty dispute like this would be illegal . 
  i think . 
  to be fair a lot can change in 70 years ... such as a massive military build up ... 
  rest of asia probably . 
  personally i have a vague idea that below china is burma and thailand etc but i couldnt really show you on a map the borders of such countries . 
  i would think its a similar situation with them looking at europe . 
  i think you overestimate our fellow europeans . 
  japan , sure that would be easy , but i think it may be limited to japan and korea with the rest being labelled as china . 
  those two are both very recognizable . 
  i can not remember where i read it , but i 'm pretty sure there are stories stating that the uk has some of the best teeth in the world . 
  edit : [ found an article by the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/15060097 ), 
  ** uk ** * some woman had a baby . 
  takes about 2 minutes to drive through as well ... 
  the royals are not allowed to get into politics actually . 
  although most here assume they would support the conservatives . 
  this whole issue was seemingly resolved a few months ago when isps fought to have it opt in for people , instead of opt out . 
  for some reason its back , but now even worse as it includes all current isps , before it was only when switching . 
  a better question is where they even draw the law with this new block , reddit has / r/gonewild and / r/nsfw etc. 
  and knowing this governments incompetence when it comes to blocking stuff , im look at the pirate bay `` block '' , they will probably just block the whole of reddit . 
  it also doesnt help that this news story should be front page of every news website in the uk , but the duchess has just gone into labour . 
  currently if i were to go abroad and if i were to use the internet i would be charged per mb , but when at home i have a limit . 
  i would assume it will continue to function like this . 
  from the extinct list :  amphibians  the mountain lion  all animals are from ireland wat ? 
  you are of course forgetting that the majority of websites you use are american and subject to their laws . 
  as are the servers that store your information . 
  hopefully we do get these pieces of legislation , but honestly i think it is going to be a nightmare for lawmakers and courts alike . 
  you have to take into account where is the company registered , where is the user , where are the server located etc etc. 
  will reforms passed in europe effect us on american websites though ? 
  you raise a good point , but how many people go for the art ? 
  that is a genuine question , i personally went to just look at st peters square and the cathedral as did the few of my friends who went . 
  but then me and my friends are not art appreciators . 
  i was exaggerating , but when i went to rome a great many churches were nicely decorated . 
  if it means helping people , yes . 
  how arrogant is it to say lets put these pretty pictures up for display , or we could sell them and donate all that to charity where it might help people instead . 
  i can say that he does seem like he is going in a good direction but ever since i visited st peters i lost a lot of respect for the catholic church . 
  if he wants to help the poor , how about selling off all that gold and marble they have in every church ? 
  but the netherlands is 16 , one of the lowest ages , and it is in the bottom 50 % in that list . 
  however luxembourg is 16 too , which is the second highest . 
  moldova is , like many on the list , 18 . 
  and apparently that is not all , armenia and albania have no drinking age and they are two of the lowest , azerbaijan is also 16 and one of the lowest on the list . 
  i do n't think it has anything to do with it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legal_drinking_age edit : also this is for everyone 15 and over . 
  the illegal drinkers / barely legal drinkers play a small role in these statistics . 
  ive always been a bit confused by the no walking across a road unless it is a green man ? 
  ive become quite proud of learning my local traffic system enough to know when i can cross without the cars hitting me . 
  guessed as much , but i know i will have to get used to reading signs from the bottom up as it were . 
  if in doubt add a consonant !,
