they always want to get out when things get rough . 
  and the un needs to do more to tackle the root of the of crisis ... 
  i wonder if they forgot the reason those syrians are coming to europe is because there is a bloody civil war in their country . 
  if europe wants to tackle this problem , they need to root out the roots of the problem , and those roots are the civil war in syria and the is . 
  europe should form a coalition and establish peace in the region . 
  yes it was ... but i dared you to put this there because the presidential family has a much more luxurious and extravagant life than any monarch in europe , and a lot of people resent that . 
  i think one of the daugthers of pe\u00f1a nieto takes her own personal desk and chair to school everyday , and travels in a limousine ofc . 
  you should put this on r/mexico and see what happens . 
  would n't be surprised if erdogan 's government fabricated this attack . 
  but they do have money for developing missiles and nukes . 
  to think long time ago poland had many different nationalities/ethnicities . 
  i 'm pretty sure she just did n't have time to formulate a good answer for this . 
  most likely she regrets what said now . 
  but either way german politicians must take off the fold from their eyes and see that their good intentions will only damage everyone . 
  `` when in rome behave like the romans . '', 
  those immigrants and the mayor of cologne need to learn that . 
  now it 's all up to the people to solve this problem . 
  hopefully we start getw businessman like elon musk, 
  those who oppose the treaty , why they do oppose it ? 
  i really do n't know anything about this . 
  it would be better to make partitions illegal, 
  what modern countries are part of the old circassia ? 
  makes sense now , but two questions remain : what is napoleon holding up , and why is he riding a dinosaur ? ... 
  no , spain does n't have cores on mexico , and if you tried something the usa would probably intervene ... 
  what is that ? 
  better frozen to death than unglamorous , right ? 
  only if you give us all your cold weather clothing . 
  the gulf stream circulates to europe because of the shape of the gulf . 
  so if that was removed the warm water would probably go to the pacific ocean , and nothing would go to europe . 
  it would be a lot more colder then . 
  hah , i may sound horrible but for the portuguese state , that poor boy is next to nothing . 
  the city where i was born has a lot of american descendants who broght in that style . 
  i like a lot that style , and i thought it was `` american style '' . 
  personally , i do n't care why , as long as it 's a free day . 
  imo we should add a few jewish and muslim holidays to be more inclusive, 
  this is what happens when you just press next, 
  it even looks as if turkey does n't want to join . 
  the usa has never attacked out of the blue . 
  there has always been a reason , and almost never it has been to bring freedom . 
  he is not saying he approves anything . 
  he is just saying the usa does the same things russia does and yet americans condemn all of russias actions only . 
  does n't erdogan realize that if he threatens and gets angry to people that make fun of him , more people will do it ? 
  why would lithuanians watch russian tv channels ? 
  i do n't get why ca n't russia just leg go of the past . 
  the baltic states are n't a big landmass , or have important resources ( except for that fast internet ) . 
  it ca n't be because they `` need warm water ports '' since they have kalingrad . 
  it seems they are in denial . 
  i hope you simply did n't know ... 
  lithuania , haha . 
  but i ca n't see the small details the euroball has , why are they the same for all the baltic countries ? 
  edit : oh the hell , this / r/europe, 
  from a layman point of view all of what i called `` current trends '' are just phenomena caused by economic and social pressures . 
  i 'm talking about resurgence of far-right groups , but it looks like there is a sinister hand behind all this after all . 
  this really surprised me , but at the same makes sense :  russia plays a part in aggravating the migration crisis and especially in using it for propaganda and gaining influence . 
  when it comes to the events in cologne or other sexual offences they are active in emphasising that the german or western authorities and the media are attempting to cover up these crimes . 
  so , for russia a strong united eu is really an obstacle . 
  i guess a political obstacle because they can not influence countries that are part of it . 
  they would really prefer if the eu was dismantled and the tool to do it exist . 
  they are trying to promote far right political parties in europe though propaganda because far right political parties are the only ones that want the eu to stop existing . 
  i was going to say this too . 
  it sounds a lot like the reason trump has come to power . 
  i 'm out of the loop , what happened ? 
  `` blonde is the new brown '' lol . 
  that line is amazing . 
  \u00a1 viva lituania !, 
  so much accomplished with so little people ; _ ;, 
  meanwhile experimentation with tissue of dead embryos is looked down because it 's the corpse of a baby . 
  except that according to the article in this culture they discourage getting intoxicated . 
  and you would probably need to visit brussels . 
  it would had been funnier if your flag was from bavaria . 
  those - stan countries are almost never considered part of europe in any other context . 
  http://store.steampowered.com/app/236850/ there is nothing that can be done to amend that unfair treaty . 
  perhaps playing a game will help soothe that revanchism . 
  ah ok , the police in many places is just a synonym or organized criminal in some places . 
  they work shoulder to shoulder . 
  i do n't get why mexico too though . 
  as far as i know , their clients were the mexican military . 
  while the military has been rough here and there , they are were mostly just fighting organized crime according to the failing plan to fight drugs . 
  meanwhile the criminals get their weapons from the us . 
  sure mexico is corrupt , but what country is n't ? 
  some of them look great for a fascist aar for victoria 2 . 
  others ( france , sweden ) are such a joke . 
  although sweden 's flag is really well done . 
  rip georgia . 
  do you even have one ? 
  did the op choose every 's country orange soft drink ? 
  or everyone prefers orange soft drink ? 
  when he was a boy playing with toy pistols . 
  he did n't expect it . 
  `` moslems '' do they mean muslims ? 
  they could n't even spell correctly . 
  that source you got there is very dubious . 
  belarus flag is n't loading for me ... 
  joke . 
  what does it mean ? 
  why that design ? 
  ^ wonder ^ how ^ would ^ mexico 's ^ flag ^ look ^ like, 
  too soon ... 
  so , are the stereotypes of joke : russians : just brush it off ( no matter how bad it is ) . 
  ukranians : ( i do n't know ) belorussians : they get used to bad treatments ...
