  lets not forget that islam is no race . 
  it also drives them into the underground and makes them harder to find . 
  i bet france has the white flag ready, 
  i am a soldier , i work with 18-60 year olds on daily basis and i still havent heard that word . 
  erm ok ... never heard that word , and i live in fcking austria but whatever . 
  its worth is not its value in money . 
  if you sell shit , its still shit , even if people buy it for money . 
  its worthless but it has value because we give it . 
  the saudis ... no words ? 
  so he left ? 
  industrial diamonds , i was speaking about the ones you have on bracelets and rings etc. 
  industrial diamonds are much cheaper than those and actually useful . 
  nope , if i find a piece of paper and write 2 $ on it . . it will still be just a piece of paper . 
  when people buy it for 2 $ its still just a piece of paper . 
  we just dont like change . 
  they are not everyone , in austria most if not all people would never want that . 
  2017 is another vote in austria ... its not over , it will never be . 
  austrians are sending a clear signal ... idk but it looks like its again at 49:51 or sth around that , i hope they stop spouting propaganda shit like that, 
  yea fck half of austria , thank god we arent as emotional as you or we would have a civil war, 
  diamonds actually have no real value ... pebbles on the other hand . 
  this year aint over . 
  it would have been eu either way , they simply dont like br\u00fcssel, 
  he left the green party . 
  stop right there , he isnt green . 
  the green idiots want to make it look like its the case but its not . 
  thank god i am in a conservative country ... no change pls . 
  hmm seems about right , i own 3 rifles just for fun at the range . 
  i do wonder if the factored in the thousends of pump guns that somehow where stolen/lost when a new law forbid them . 
  they are so edgy . 
  yea should workvangelian, 
  yea when i was learning to drive i would get teached to always watch behind before opening the door because of that very reason . 
  really ? 
  how come they dont get m4s then ? 
  wouldnt they be cheaper and if they are using the same parts ? 
  tbh the famas was overenginered crap . 
  high rate of fire ... for what ? 
  to surpress the enemy for 2 seconds ?!, 
  for special casings being needed thanks to the brutal forces inside the rifle ? 
  i really wonder why there was no other country interessted in the design ... not . 
  wow but at least they have a useless high rate of fire right ? 
  it would have been ok for me if you called me a nazi ... 
  but a german !? 
  here in austria thats the case with `` 3 '' for example , you can get a cheap one without outside austria internet or some higher prized ones with a special amount of data for foreign use, 
  yea i still dont understand how my comment was wrong ... one guy states the want to kill us all ... i stated its enough for them if they can do enough damage . 
  damage is a word i choose to not say specifically `` kills '' because terrorism is not about the kills , its about raising fear . 
  wtf ... are you trolling me or what ? 
  can you pls turn on your brain and look at what you wrote and then look what i wrote . 
  i am getting really sick your shit now . 
  if its too hard for you ... look at the part that comes after the point , starting with `` unless we ... '', 
   which , in a larger perspective , is n't very much damage at all . 
  unless we of course start infringing on our democracy . 
  then they 've done tons of damage . 
  and i wrote : so they try to do the most damage they can . 
  read my comment again ... where do i state the opposite ? 
  you guys argument against nothing . 
  the most damage the can inflict is through secondary effects of terror , not the inital kills . 
  read my comment . 
  where does it states the opposite ? 
  i know how terrorism works . 
  yea ... good job repeating what i said . 
  i really dont understand you guys . 
  i dont understand your comment ... all i did was state the obvious ?!, 
  its tactics ... they can not win a fair fight so they resort to terrorism . 
  i dont understand why my comment is seen so negative ? 
  i literally just stated to obvious ? 
  mango hitler hahahahahah i am saving that one . 
  they can not kill us all , they know that . 
  so they try to do the most damage they can . 
  edit . 
  ok ... so we try to not care about the truth now and just think about our political agenda ... great . 
  i stated the obvious and i get downvoted . 
  a shit sandwich is gon na be a shit sandwich no matter the country . 
  the only difference is how many people are going to eat it when there is normal food around . 
  it does look classy as fck . 
  wtf ... 
  so basically they would be on one side with hitler too ? 
  airsoft grenades ... those things are cool as fuck . 
  but sooo mainstream ... 
  well we need the \u00fcberarmy again , who is going to protect our interest when russia is mad and the us is castrated ? 
  i dislike generalization but i guess for a few that might be the case . 
  people dont become maniacs all of a sudden you delusional fck . 
  remember when people thought the bible said we need to kill and rape the infidels ? 
  or when the bible said that you can get a kid by not having sex ? 
  tbh the bible is more of an action story where the protagonist could be played by arnold schwarzenegger than a book of wisdom , with exception to the jesus story . 
  imagine someone reaching with his hand into his pocket and the other guy just freaks out and draws a gun on the possible combatant . 
  actually austria ( the country really far up on the list ) has really liberal gun laws and its in some cases allowed to defend yourself with a gun ( if done right ) . 
  how do people get as retarded as him ? 
  i mean this guy seems more like a real life troll than someone with an opinion . 
  a party for the farmers . 
  yay !, 
  sadly we dont have many of those . 
  is this this 4chan people talk about ? 
  well its entirely possible that a small submarine is getting transported by plane right now . 
  they see the potential and want to be not just part of it ... 
  wtf !? 
  i wonder how you guys can communicate anything ... 
  right , while hamas and the like are local threats saudis are a global threat with money en mass, 
  this guy was an officer . 
  just get your shit together pls , we dont need another war in europe . 
  dingos rock .
