  and they reactivated deactivated aks , which is basically illegal as fuck , it would have been easier to just build a bomb . 
  they argue those guns were legal at some point but you can say the same about the war material that gets shipped in by smugglers . 
  i mean ... thats totally reasonable . 
  well , the eu just proved to me again that they arent good rulers . 
  they are going to ban many guns and make it extremely hard for sport shooters or hunters to maintain their guns legally . 
  the eus reason ? 
  the terrorists used illegal weapons in paris therefor we need to fck the legit gun owners . 
  this + their dire need to destabilize europe with mass imigration and no real solutions makes me think they can not handle leadership . 
  i can understand the brexit brits ... its getting ridiclous . 
  oh look its an mercedes a class !, 
  ^ the ^ a ^ stands ^ for ^ adolf, 
  someone back when they were allowed did some crime with pump shotguns . 
  when they made them illegal many of the pump shotguns disappeared, 
  in austria pump shotguns are banned , however you are allowed to get a pump action ar15 after a background check or a normal ar15 or aug or even a semi auto shotgun of choice !, 
  after getting your gun license . 
  this makes like no sense to me , i mean , i can legally own a fast firing shotgun/rifle with a big capacity mag but i am not allowed to own a simple pump gun . 
   `` pure '' for erdo : a goat among your ancestors ... fixed it . 
  i read it , i only skipped that paragraph though . 
  just saying , even a co2 pistol can shatter the glass of a bus and injure people . 
  also yes , i didnt saw the part where it says `` hunting rifle '' . 
  well the problem aint their program most of the time , its the people who present it . 
  was it a hunting rifle ? 
  my guess is it maybe was a airrifle/pistol or some kind of small calibre rifle/pistol . 
  at least i think that would explain why nobody was seriously hurt . 
  in austria there was some guy that shot at a bus last year i think , with a co2 pistol . 
  edit . 
  nevermind i overlooked it , probably a hunting rifle . 
  yea the will pull the trigger when needed , and also when its not needed but hey ... safety . 
  ah srry i meant v1 's sound , but i think the v2s were also a lot more horrifying because you didnt know where the would hit . 
  i think the sound of the v2s is pretty more frightening then the bomb sound . 
  thats just personal opinions though, 
  he did hit a lot , but only some were lethal hits . 
  in some reports was stated that he fired like 30 to 40 shots . 
  well thank god he wasnt trained for a situation like that . 
  just imagine people going crazy there and murdering each other ... it would be like the hunger games just on the moon ... cinema stuff . 
  and he lives to `` heil '' for another day . 
  just to clear some things , the guy in vorarlberg didnt use a shotgun , he had a russian assault rifle ( or at least some ak ) . 
  hope my graduation party looks like that , i mean i dont need a graduation party for fun stuff like that but hey why not . 
  what i learned from cake terrorists is that usually people deserve to be caked . 
  from what i read about his person , thats true . 
  i am looking forward to ask how usefull their stricter gun laws were . 
  no no no bad kroepoek !, 
  you will ask the question we want you to ask . 
  understood ? 
  or do we have to come to your house and show you how ~ ~ hostile ~ ~ friendly and tolerant we can be ? 
  yea ... lets see how long that lasts . 
  even if it wasnt such a fishy trade ... you are still not allowed to get them here ... its pure politics , and no logic behind the bans . 
  no no ... ar15 need to be the austria edition though ... because of the interchangeable parts with `` war weapons '' . 
  aks are generally `` war weapons '' even the civilian models . 
  doesnt make much sense ... is dumb . 
  even hk stuff like mp5s are war weapons , fn fal civilian models too , semi auto ww2 weapon lookalikes too . 
  must not be gypsies, 
   anyways , i like romanian guns . 
  i 'm buying a romanian ak soon . 
  stupid switzerlandish gun enthusiast which can legally aquire a high quality fcking cool romanian ak . 
  you guys are the worst !, 
  meanwhile i have to mess around with an old mosin nagant rifle and i am only allowed to buy augs or modified ar 15s ... fcking useless gun laws . 
  while this seems like a joke to people like him i always am dead serious about saying stuff like this . 
  many people fear guns because they simply dont know them , if you are familiar with them you will leave all the fear behind . 
  this map basically shows that problems dont happen because of relaxed gun laws , but more because of a flawed society in those countries . 
  as an austrian gun enthusiast myself this is really interessting , i wonder how many guns were bought just in the recent year . 
  from my inner circle at least 2 guys decided to buy guns for self defense and fun . 
  i mean yea not really a good argument to buy a gun for self defense because of some reasons , but i will stay with `` better have a gun and not use it than need a gun and dont have it . '', 
  yea but if you vote option x you will be punished hard . 
  well its not that strange , the nationalists and the russians there dislike the newly incoming russians , probably because of some good reasons . 
  i dont know how that is strange . 
  well if you have a car accident you hurt/kill yourself and or somebody else , you didnt want that , it happened because mistakes happen . 
  if you are a terrorist you kill yourself and others just because you can . 
  so for me thats the difference , thats what matters to me . 
  yes when the blue party ( freedom party ) got elected they were sanctioned or sth like that . 
  i bet they had some idiots too . 
  srry jews ... the eu forces us to do so . 
  lets be honest , they are still humans and have failures / are corrupt . 
  and if one guy is corrupt of 100000 its no problem , but 1 of 1 ? 
  til car accidents and terroristic attacks are the same / s. 
  the problem is one thing happens because some asshole human beings the other happens because humans being humans . 
  you can safely say that . 
  they can check everybody but one failed check in 1000 means death . 
  they could use some backdoors too ( maybe they got someone at the security force ), 
  well than you voted wrong , real refugees must get in per law doesnt matter which party is governing . 
  i disagree . 
  the neos have only small group of voters so i dont consider voting them as a statement . 
  yes specially vienna . 
  vienna has a massive erdogan fanclub . 
  they still havent counted them though . 
  its not the background , they cant do anything to make a third reich so the only thing they are allowed to do is to do good for their people . 
  could be total bullshit too , but i dont care , they arent in the government , if they have a chance to be the government party then i am going to think about voting for someone else . 
  right now they arent and the government parties are weaker than ever so i will vote the opposition no matter how dumb they are . 
  also hofer is more of a center right guy so i see no reason to vote against him . 
  i could care less about that , i just want my country to get better and not for it to be just some puppet of the eu . 
  vdb aint going to do anything for his people ... no , he will do whatever the eu tells him and probably will tolerate the shit the government sells as reforms , i personally fear he is going to disarm his citizen if he is president ( he is a hardcore anti-gun guy ) . 
  hofer would have at tried to do something against that least , he would probably do better and represent a sovereign state . 
  i dont care about strache . 
  i know he is an idiot . 
  but people vote blue because they want that the fcking government to stop being incompetent and this doesnt work without them having to always a competitor , and no the stupid green party isnt a competitor , and their coalition member the black party isnt either . 
  so whats left is blue and i give a shit about strache , i look only at their program . 
  i just want those wan na be left `` uberhumans '' to shit their pants , 50 % of the austrian voters are against them and they are not `` just dumb peasants ! '', 
  so they should change their attitude or go down with it when the next votes are coming . 
  right after we had the results the german green youth already called us nazi \u00d6sterreich ... nice and we probably have their president now ... this is so cool . 
  anyways lets continue to not speak about problems and concerns and call anyone a nazi that has a different mindset and have the eu rule us like their bitch .
