  yay ... cool ... i could puke so hard but i will wait for tomorrow . 
  erm no , the calculation is wrong . 
  we now have 51,8 to 48,1 , that would mean its over now , but it isnt . 
  well back in the ol' days it started south . 
  now it starts north . 
  this juncker guy sure knows how to fck up badly . 
  so this time it all starts north . 
  they were loan dumping hard ... which sucks for the countries around them . 
  the welcome politics are probably thought to be a way to get cheap workers . 
  `` welcome '' politics . 
  enough said . 
  yes , if it was a semi-auto rifle ( which i believe it was , cause of the high number of casulties ) he would have needed a mental screening , if he aquired it in a legal way . 
  erm no , 6 million or so are allowed to vote , i heard like 15 % used the `` wahlkarten '' so there is still the rest of the voters voting today . 
  eastern europeans didnt ruin austria because they were always part of it and most integrated well . 
  just look further back in time , austria had always some ees , i mean at some point we even were eastern europe . 
  ... you mean the guys who are often confronted with failed immigration politics are voting for the green party ? 
  with the drug dealers in the u6 , the annoying wan na be gangsta in front of the schools , the somehow retarded erdogan fanclub in vienna , the fundamentalist moslem scene ? 
  people getting confronted with that are still going to vote for green ?!, 
  vienna was divided into blue and green part in the first round btw . 
  tomorrow we will get the first results , some people already voted per mail . 
  i actually hoped irmgard griss would get into the second round ... but no , van der bellen did . 
  this is actually a really nice unbiased news-video , i appreciate it . 
  hahaha ... but those are nazis ... they wanted to gas their own and kinda ruined life for many others living in their country . 
  i wouldnt consider them nationalists because that certainly wasnt in favour for their nation . 
  btw . 
  as i said . 
  hardcore stupid . 
  english gets teached pretty well in austria ... some people just dont think its usefull . 
  i started with 4-5 when my mother teached me first sentences , then from 5-10 i learned to talk basic english ( and write ofcorse ) , with 10-14 i `` mastered '' it . 
  in school from 14-18 i had no problems doing even harder writing and listening / and speaking parts . 
  i dont think every nationalist is obsessed with it ... even if they are ultra nationalists ... but those ones that are seem to be hardcore stupid . 
  those ultra nationalists arent the same like they used be back in the days ; , 
  yay ... we need another third reich pls . 
  i heard an interview with the people at one of erdogans rallye and they would say shit like `` we dont need to know what we vote for because our president said its good for us and he is true . '', 
  basically they asked like 5 people and the message would always be this . 
  seems like they purged the wrong people in turkey because all the braindead fcks are stronger than ever . 
  the earth got some kind of glowing space herpes . 
  sooo all those weiird countries support it ... well it was a good move then . 
  arent butterflies like most of their lifes worms and then only for a short period actually beautiful besorge they die ? 
  wtf ... so all the ammo just lays there out in the open ?!?!!, 
  thats fcking retarded !, 
  well no , sometimes they just sell them to militias , or some extremist groups like russia and the us did back in the past . 
  they distribute them further . 
  anyway they are actually illegal in most western countries . 
  even when the military has them they are not legal , because the military isnt bound to gun laws . 
  so you set military on the same level as criminals or what ? 
  its not an excuse its a fact . 
  and actually using a gun in tight places can be more dangerous to the wielder . 
  sure pulling the trigger is easy but so is getting a knife . 
  social constructs . 
  in the us there is far more poverty and social injustice . 
  you have more gettos , also if you are poor you will have a much harder time getting propper education and you are much more likely to drop into criminality , when that happens and you get jailed you are done , thanks to the private prisons ( there is no rehabilitation ) just some examples . 
  also knifes can be far more deadly in close quarters than a pistol and are used quite often , because they are easily available . 
  they are silent too . 
  automatic weapons can only be bought legally by government agencies in most countries . 
  for civilians those weapons are illegal . 
  actually no . 
  many guns on the blackmarket can be traced back to warehouses in eastern europe , why ? 
  because there was war not long ago and those assault rifles and sub machine guns dont just go away . 
  and those automatic weapons were illegal for civilians even back then . 
  so is it with a selfmade ied . 
  or a car , or a truck . 
  i know what your next argument is going to be . 
  i dont understand this statement . 
  you dont need to introduce guns , they were always there , never gone . 
  exactly . 
  keeping criminal discontent low through good social programs . 
  why do i say that ? 
  because i want to emphasize that guns dont automatically mean more crime , just as more guns dont mean less crime . 
  it is a mix of different factors : cultural background , education , wealth , hell even the economy of the state is a factor . 
  i think it would be way better to go after those factors first instead of punching the scapegoat `` guns '' all the time . 
  i guess that makes sense , although its quite simplistic . 
  but why do countries like austria , switzerland etc have relatively low gun crime ? 
  so you are one of those people that think terrorists or criminals walk casually in a gun store and buy a rifle or pistol legally ??!, 
  and that crimerate is in direct correlation to the number of guns ? 
  i bet you believe that nonsense too . 
  weird ... in german news i kept hearing front national . 
  i was thinking because the name is front national , you know because you dont talk about the people car when talking about volkswagen for example . 
  isnt it front national ? 
  you better not download sth illegal ... 
  it 's the same with the pigeons when they know they got food there they will become more and more and shit everywhere . 
  and top of r/facistaww here we go . 
  maybe they had combat training ... usually the soldier wear the weapons frontally then . 
  also there must be one hand on the weapon when its worn frontal . 
  the middle one reminds me of rick astley . 
  also the ball is pushed around with the foot lot more than in american `` football '', 
  fcking swiss !, 
  tbh this already sounds evil . 
  what ? 
  you guys need to test this !? 
  i mean its nothing new that you can move tanks per train so why is that worth mentioning ? 
  ahhh sweet ... remember the time when you were young and naive and thought you could bring death to all the infidels and other thinking people ? 
  those were the times . 
  i wonder why people oppose this ... its not uncommon and its actually a good thing . 
  it means everyone ( reasonable ) can own a gun and the eu cant do anything against it . 
  they have already tried to ban whatever gun they dislike just for the sake of it ... 
  and the eu is/was trying to do it every now and then so thats actually a good thing . 
  well ... i dont feel like an african or asian so there is that . 
  prosit !, 
  oh ... a `` moderate '' one .
