kinda lame , talks about responsibility meanwhile he is in a save country and his home country goes up in flames . 
  oh ok ... thats `` perverse '' ... not the other shit happening there . 
  i dont wan na set the world ... on fire ... 
  its really funny that the eastern parts of austria think that way ... considering many of them have hungarian ( or generally speaking slavic ) ancestors . 
  for me you are austrian if you are born in the country and live by its values . 
  well thats cool though . 
  well ... those pieces do look ugly as fck, 
  i mean ... hey if its not some sketchy girl on the street , why not ? 
  they get paid , they need the money . 
  as long as they do it because they want i got no problem with it . 
  day 1 . looters are plundering shops and killing everyone . 
  i cant leave my shed , but i need in order to find food . 
  i heard about some people in the north who downloaded and stashed all the pornhub videos , i have to get there no matter how . 
  well they were shot at by their own guys ... thats what i said , one guy was hit in the leg , other guy in the arm . 
  well getting shot by your own guys aint just war . 
  the nazis sure knew how to holiday . 
  title says 50 miles away from the us, 
  and they like to copy existing stuff . 
  so its 53 miles from the us ? 
  i mean we can ask other companies what happened afterwards when chinese companies copied their products . 
  china wins again . 
  transporting tanks , helicopters etc. 
  or other planes . 
  and we know china respects that ... there are no bmw copies or iphone copies from there / s, 
  til japan is probably 60 miles away from the us . 
   a substantial chunk of countries in eastern europe had at least some ethnic outfits in the results , romania being a particularly prominent example . 
  like [ this ] ( http://www.ccarht.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/evictions-in-france.jpg ), 
  austria has no plans to get into the nato !?!?!, 
  military training and your generallisation sucks . 
  shotguns , the mostly available type of them ( double barrel breach loaded shotguns ) are kat c ... available after a 3 time wait period . 
  semi-auto weapons of any kind are kat b. if you speak of kat b shotguns and then say you can get them in 3 days easily thats wrong , you need a wbk for it . 
  i really dont think globalism is the traitor there . 
  more like a specific ideology . 
  nooo nooo they used deactivated aks and reactivated them . 
  pls dont spread misinformation , bolt-actions are generally speaking kat c , shotguns are kat d ... semi-automatic ones are kat b ( b requires waffenbesitzkarte , c/d only a passport ) in addition @whitepalm85 : terrorist attacks have been mostly if not always been done with illegal weapons , kinda funny when you think of it . 
  they cant be tracked , are cheaper and often times fully-automatic and real `` assault rifles '' from military surplus . 
  actually this can only be an assumption , you can not say for sure why people buy more firearms because self defense is often not a valid reason , so you are going to find `` sports '' as an answer . 
  it really helps , i own 3 rifles now and also did a `` basic training course '' ( actually not required for my rifles ) because i wanted to get to know how to handle firearms in general . 
  did you know you can grab a pistol by its slide and make it jam that way ? 
  it does however have to shoot once . 
  in vienna we had someone assasinate someone else with a grenade in a car . 
  something like that was suggested by austrian far right leader hc strache . 
  ( along the lines of : put them in special `` only radical '' prisons ) i actually liked that idea cause that way we can avoid having moderate people getting radicalized in prisons . 
  many people on r/austria hated that thought , probably because the guy that brought it up is the worst enemy of most of them . 
  the ak looks sooooooo non ak . 
  this magwell ... uhhhhh . 
  distance from trigger guard to mag ... uhhhh if i want a turd i could get a interordonance . 
  fck i thought i could get real aks there x (, 
  a tractor is a vehicle , a smuggler is a `` schlepper '', 
  next headlines : * austria builds up giant army * * austrian special forces deployed to help the turks appreciate austria *, 
  what meme ` ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  i thought the swedes are well educated open minded people ? 
  sooo sweden is racist now ? 
   i still feel strange whenever i have to enter my car ... even though i 'm a more or less decent driver . 
  drive more ... you will get the hang of it and eventually it will get easier . 
  did you already have a crash ? 
  they had to move a bit to the right because of the recent influx of refugees and problems ( well and the presidential votes ), 
  that will show him !, 
  / s they realized that they did something extremely gay so they had to get rid of him . 
  in what way ? 
  trust in what way ? 
  that they wont turn against their own people ... sure . 
  that they are capable of defending the country ?!, 
  erm no not really . 
  savage . 
  nahh crotatia took care of all the tourists ... 
  doesnt matter ... the businesses are looking for other partners now because when brexit is really happening its too late and they are done/lost quite some money . 
  i heard that the machine guns of bombers were sometimes traded for brooms to have less weight ... i heard it from pearl harbor . 
  i think they should publish the photos from partys were people are too drunk and do stupid stuff ... 
  how comes poland spends less than austria ?!, 
  let me guess ... they dont buy overpriced shit . 
  i think its because of the particles in the air . 
  that would explain why in a vacuum its possible to see that far . 
  i guess the earth isnt flat ? 
  also you cant watch that far because of the air and whats in the air . 
  earth is going to fart ... and its going to be a big fart soon . 
  they do it again !!!, 
  here you can see it !!!, 
  right there !, 
  pfff hahahahahahah ... #integrationgonewild . 
  one has to say , from a shooters perspective and the body count he didnt seem trained with the rifle like a soldier would be ( note . 
  i ve never seen them train headshots speaking of the normal soldier ) ... otherwise the death count would be much higher . 
  i read somewhere that he `` aimed for the heads '' which is sadly trained in counter strike but mostly useless in real combat because you cant hit a small target like the head reliably while under stress and for example when the target moves ( heads often change position ) its hardly possible to get accurate shots at them ... even the spec ops like the seals would put shots center mass ( around the heart ) and then in the head , which is to make sure the shooter cant fight back after being struck i think . 
  ( these guys are the absolute top of all fighters and probably some of the best shooters around the world ), 
  yes he was ... a gamestar ( german gaming paper ) ~ ~ article ~ ~ comment has already been writen by one of their writers because they found violent games in his room . 
   overall , 58 % of the general public thinks that death penalty should be reinstated in the country . 
      overall , 59 % of the general public think that erdo\u011fan 's executive presidency would destabilise the country further . 
  that seems funny ... 
  patriots ... yea ... if they would be patriots they would have assasinated this pig already . 
  yea ... i mean loosing strategic control over turkey can only be their goal right ?!, 
  its not like turkey is a close ally ... 
  it must be the usa ... just think about it ... who would profit from nukes in danger !, 
  who would profit from an again islamistic turkey !, 
  on this day , there is no law ... except if you are a normal citizen . 
  haha ... back to the stone age bitches . 
  you mean you can watch when they go off right next to you . 
  wtf ... that is worrying ?!?!?!?!, 
  what about all the other crap ?!?!? 
  merkel is insane too ... ok got it .
