  nowhere it is said that the whole europe is getting fatter . 
  we do too . 
  not there yet , do not worry for us . 
  it 's just a poll made by a newspaper . 
  does n't tell you much . 
  you have n't read the whole article . 
  fees vary . 
  and sometimes they 're just being drug mules instead of paying the money . 
  and according to [ this article ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21603013-why-so-many-africans-still-risk-their-lives-reach-europe-no-wonder-they-still ) , the fee is lower than 1000 $ . 
  yeah , it 's the same with ukranian refugees . 
  the 'll risk everything just to get out as soon as they can . 
  also , the tickets are not always 10k . 
  this has been pushed in front by some of the newspapers and now it 's considered like a standard price , which apparently is n't . 
  not all tickets are 10k . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21603013-why-so-many-africans-still-risk-their-lives-reach-europe-no-wonder-they-still 200-300 $ are definitely more easy to pay . 
  so i doubt it that they all `` have better options '' . 
   big shocker , people do n't agree with you politically . 
  except this is not strictly politics . 
  this is about human beings . 
  i 'm sorry , but we all live one this planet and if you 're not making an effort to at least leave people alone and not screw their lives up , then you 're not an ok person . 
   to jail you go !, 
   and of course when i say this to you , you will accuse me of being a nazi , of course not . 
  and you , putting words into my mouth , does n't help at all with your point . 
  it 's not about politics here , it 's just about life . 
  everyone deserve the right to an ok life and if they want to eat more or not live in a civil war , then it 's their right to try and get out of it . 
  because it treats those immigrants like criminals when they 're mostly just refugees . 
  you can not send back or stop them coming when they 're escaping from egypt , libya or sudan . 
  it 's not ideal that we let them come in huge numbers , but it 's not ideal that we send them back in those countries either . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation , but definitely it 's not ok to let the rot in there just because we 're also losing . 
  wars and famine should make us feel sorry for them , not wanting to stop them . 
  the disgusting part comes when people do n't care about those immigrants ' situation : they just do n't want to deal with it . 
  they 'd rather ignore the fact that they 're either in danger or live under the poverty threshold than dealing with it . 
  unless they come to europe to steal or murder , or generally , to do any harm , why stop them ? 
  because they 're gon na steal our jobs ? 
  or what ? 
  who are we to stop people from being free and for wanting a better life ? 
  most of them can not do anything there to prospere and live better , so i can understand why they 're fleeing . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/middle-east-and-africa/21603013-why-so-many-africans-still-risk-their-lives-reach-europe-no-wonder-they-still ps ; the post is being downvoted because it 's full of shills and trolls . 
  even op is one of them , with his brand new account . 
  the xenophobic and hateful comments in this thread are showing us why this is just pure propaganda and lacks empathy and is full of inhumane replies . 
   seriously , obviously the fee would be high even if we do n't know the exact numbers . 
  so prove it then ? 
  do you have any sources ? 
  'cause all i see is : `` i think , therefore i must be right '' . 
   no , why should europe bend over backwards to accommodate immigrants ? 
  nobody is giving them homes or money . 
  just like any immigrant , they make it on their own . 
   why would you risk your life migrating to europe when you can easily migrate to south africa and still have a better quality of life ? 
  i do n't know , ask them . 
  they most certainly have a reason since they are actually risking their lives like this . 
  report him . 
  get him banned . 
  he is a nasty troll . 
  he is probably a shill . 
  his account was made less than an hour ago . 
   which will completely destroy our european culture , is not sick and insane ? 
  oh bug off . 
  who the fuck is destroying your european culture ? 
  you shill . 
  0 days account , upset about europe 's culture being destroyed by people who flee dangerous countries . 
   to compare romanians going to the uk to africans going to europe is completely stupid . 
  same is to think that those who come from africa are rich . 
  we do n't know all the smuggle fees and we do n't know all the reason why they migrate . 
   tell me why my question was bullshit ? 
  because you do n't have all the data ? 
  you 're just assuming those guys want to get rich . 
  everyone wants a better life . 
  and most of those immigrants are risking their lives to get it . 
  it 's their choice where they wan na do it . 
  who are you to question why they 're not going in south africa or whatever ? 
  the same reason why romanians go to uk to work instead of ... 
  i do n't know , germany or scandinavia . 
  that 's a bullshit question to ask in the first place . 
   the ones who do leave are too `` good '' for these camps or other african countries and decide to leech off of europe instead . 
  anyone is too good for dangerous countries . 
  also , leech of europe ? 
  really ? 
  another generalization . 
  you assume too much . 
  that 's a generalization , is n't it ? 
   if you really want to help these people you provide them local shelter and support and help them rebuild their country . 
  that 's a hard thing to do when most of those are at war or in a tricky situation ( corrupt government is another example ) . 
   stopping the boats wont fix anything . 
  indeed . 
  it will make the matter worse : we 're basically denying people the possibility to get away from wars and famine and whatnot . 
  yeah , this is fucking disgusting . 
  same here . 
  i hope it 's a trend that will go away pretty soon with these laws . 
  here , idiots are comparing mandatory vaccines with rape and assault . 
  unbelievable !, 
  i hope so !, 
  our providers lowered the roaming charges a lot last year after the news that they might have to cancel them for good . 
   welcome to the mind of someone that is suicidal : logic rarely rules the minds of such persons . 
  that 's rather exaggerating . 
  not all the suicidals are like that . 
  wtf ? 
  suicide 's one thing and murder is another . 
  just because some decide to commit them both , it does n't mean all are the same . 
  wow , that 's a lot of people . 
  yeah , i was just googling it .
