  welp , whatever gets us away from russia 's gas :d, 
  thanks dngrs !, 
  heh , i did n't know that . 
  are `` we '' exploiting it ? 
  where ? 
  they 're mostly in dobrogea but not in such high numbers that they actually matter too much to russia . 
  i think he means : nothing of value so that they 'd enter in a war with ue for us . 
   unfortunately , russia never ignored smaller states . 
  but that 's the problem . 
  we will let them go , but they wo n't let us go . 
  how much longer is he gon na be your president ? 
  i think that he tried to quash my comment because he saw my flair and he probably knows that a lot of beggars and gypsies are comming from romania . 
  so to me , that makes him a troll . 
  one that thinks i 'm no deserving of expressing an opinion about this matter because of my nationality . 
  i had my shares of trolls like him . 
  i can spot them pretty easily . 
  definitely better than not doing anything . 
  it might scare the thieves away this way . 
  you know the future , full question mark . 
  considering his other comments , i think he/she was pretty serious . 
  yeah . 
  i read it . 
  but your cases are not as many as ours are . 
  our governement ( and parliament ) loses now at least one person a day to the anti corruption fight . 
  which is still a good thing , but it 's sad too because they 're actually guilty . 
  and it shows how corrupt our system is . 
  exactly . 
  got it  it 's ok !, 
   with what , with beggars ? 
  with more gypsies ? 
  while you 're at it , try to convince pathological thiefs that stealing is n't good & that hardwork must be a go-go . 
  until then , away witheth you , valet , 'till you bring results , and learn to put money where your mouth is if you 're so adamant to help them . 
  not only your grammar gives me headaches , but your sense of `` morality '' too . 
  which is a bit ( more , actually ) hypocritical since you wan na teach those persons morality . 
  with violence . 
  i grew up in a city with a 1/3 of the population was composed by roma people . 
  i know them . 
  i know how they behave . 
  i also know that i was educated to hate them . 
  as they were educated to steal and cheat and whatever . 
  education is a powerful tool if done right ( clearly , did n't work on you ) . 
  after a while i educated myself to see things from another perspective . 
  so while i dislike their behaviour , i will never agree with violence or that they 're all the same . 
   here , let me spoil you the very first step in doing so : get off the computer . 
  yes , it 's actually quite late . 
  or early ? 
  i should n't feed trolls after midnight because they might turn into you and replicate like wet gremlins . 
  i never said that you should punish anyone like that . 
  it meant to say : that 's not a proper punishment for kids so they actually learn something from the experience . 
  then let me beat you until your empathy and humanity grows back . 
  what do you say ? 
   these kids have no future as long as their shitty family is continuing to raise them . 
  then punish the parents . 
  not the kids . 
  someone has to break that circle . 
  kids can be corrected , educated more easily . 
  the parents should be punished , not the kids . 
  that 's how those kids are gon na end up like their parents . 
  that 's not how you punish kids though . 
  they 're never gon na correct their behaviour like that . 
  omg that is disgusting . 
  i can not believe adults can behave like this with kids . 
  were they sanctioned/imprisoned ? 
  the policemen i mean . 
   wolf leaves the country after a wolf had been spotted for the first time in the netherlands since the 1800s , the animal has crossed the border back into germany . 
   ` terror-owl ' captured an oohoo who attacked citizens in purmerend has been captured . 
  this is just so great . 
  meanwhile in my country every wolf ( corrupt politician is put in prison ) . 
  i 'd like to have your `` problems '' , 
   in an interview in italy with the uk-based bbc news channel on wednesday it 's good that she 's not in russia anymore . 
  i kind of hate this : `` due to the increasing number of users engaging in personal attacks , spam , trolling and abusive comments , we are no longer able to host our forum as a site for constructive and intelligent debate . 
  it is with regret , therefore , that we have found ourselves forced to suspend the commenting function on our articles . 
  the moscow times remains committed to the principle of public debate and hopes to welcome you to a new , constructive forum in the future . '', 
  it sounds a lot like : we do n't wan na hear * anything * . 
  you 're right . 
  i kind of misread what you said . 
  i thought you wanted a subreddit , not a whole site and that confused me because we already are on a european subreddit  but yeah , someone should start a european reddit . 
  i 'd hang out there . 
  which `` we '' ? 
  the romanian phone companies lowered the roaming prices too . 
  but they 're still pretty high for the mobile data use for example . 
  at least now we have the option to pay like 5 euros or something to use our national data traffic and minutes outside the country . 
  i think we have it too good here , we got used to free wi-fi hotspots everywhere that when i travel outside the country , i feel forced to use the roaming because i can rarely find some hotspots that i can actually use . 
  are you eu ? 
  then why are you talking like you are eu ? 
  yes , war is pretty annoying and a big bullshit . 
  of course we 're rooting for ukraine and kiev . 
  who the fuck wants to be invaded ? 
  or killed . 
  or sent to war ? 
  you meant football ? 
  mother fuckers . 
   but this utopian dream was shattered on wednesday by the council of national telecoms ministers . 
  yeah , right . 
  call it utopian now . 
  and i can give a counterexample of how less than 5000 people managed to get one of our prime ministers out in 2012 . 
  so , what 's your point ? 
  we 're not in russia , things in our ex communist countries are not the same in a country that tries to not seem under dictatorship . 
  because that guy had to power to rally  50.000 people who opose putin ? 
  one guy can be killed , especially a leader .
