  i really do n't know , this surprises me as well . 
  most of the girls i know do n't write in cursive but with small , round and separate letters . 
  and most of the guys in cursive , but with a calligraphy indecipherable for me . 
  this is one of the weirdest debates i 've witnessed in this sub . 
  ask someone from madrid if he/she identifies as a castilian . 
  and if the answer is yes , ask what does it mean for them . 
  you 're going to experience the true nullness . 
  the historical perspective it 's really important . 
  for example : when the castilian revolt happened against carlos i , only the two castiles fighted . 
  murcia and some eastern part of extremadura also took part in the rebellion , but more moderately . 
  andaluc\u00eda , pa\u00eds vasco or galicia aligned with carlos i or did nothing at all . 
  why ? 
  because the goals of the rebellion were for the castilians ( public charges only for castilians , etc. 
  ) , and they did n't identify themselves as such . 
  they were descendants of the native people that lived there , not repobladores from castile . 
  for some reason people think the muslim population were from africa or something like that . 
  no , the majority of them were indigenous iberians converted to islam . 
  and that 's why their expulsion was such a tragic decision . 
  nop . 
  you 're totally confusing the kingdom of castile with the extensions of the crown of castile . 
  castile was only from cantabria to ciudad real , excluding le\u00f3n too ( the limits have changed over the centuries , as it 's logical ) . 
  valencia was n't arag\u00f3n , although it was part of its crown . 
  toros , flamenco , beaches and ol\u00e9 , so castilian !, 
  name some cultural festivities , songs , dances , etc. , from castile if you please , and show me how they 're displayed all along spain . 
  our ` culture ' , if we have one yet , was lost . 
  castile is the most dead of the spanish nations . 
  we are supposed to be at 15 % of unemployement by 2020 , i think . 
  it 's gon na be hard to recover that sweet 8 % from 2007 . 
  do n't downvote the man because he did n't like the food lol, 
  the message made by el intermedio ( a satirical left-wing program ) is way , way better . 
  hey , we had that record :( ours was 1141 ( 2011 ), 
  i do n't how it is in the mediterranean coast , but in the interior of castile it 's usually quite cold . 
  so ` ola k ase ' was ladino all along ? 
  the more you know ... 
  i 'm a republican myself , but franco wanted a king with more prerrogatives , and instead we have a symbolic figure . 
  and i do n't know of any constitution that allows that , at least in the west . 
  so i do n't see how one article and a non-existant article in any constitution make our constitution ` heavily influenced by francoism . ', 
  it 's quite an overstatement . 
  how is the constitution influenced by francoism ? 
  it will be banned eventually . 
  pp , our main right-wing party , made it festivity of cultural interest , though , so it 's gon na take a bit of work . 
  i 've found [ this ] ( http://images.eldiario.es/sociedad/evolucion-opiniones-toros_ediima20140421_0260_5.jpg ) . 
  it says ` historical evolution of interest in bullfighting ' , and then ` some/a lot ' and ` nothing ' . 
  as you can see the evolution towards ` nothing ' is pretty clear , and it 's only until 2002 . 
  now it 's even more the difference , i would say . 
  the problem is : the majority of spaniards do n't change their vote based solely on this issue . 
  or protest about it . 
  we are not taking action against it , although we are against it , so to say . 
  the constant monarchy propaganda in the media . 
  specially about castile : the lack of knowledge about our history . 
  it can be said about spain too . 
  corruption : too many old people ( 40 to x , i would say ) think something like ` if i were in his position , i would do the same ' . 
  this sentiment is dying , fortunately . 
  we are too self-depreciative sometimes . 
  bullfighting and festivities that use animals in general . 
  yeah , i guess for the rest of europe it 's indeed the case . 
  here , in spain , only podemos said something along the lines , and just at the beginnig . 
  our nationalists are all europhiles , as far as i know . 
  i 've read from other romanian redditors that , while apparently pro-eu , the current government has used the ` sovereignty ' card too , with similar discourse to le pen . 
  what, 
  here in spain there are a lot of ` comestibles ' signs also . 
  never thought about it until now . 
  nothing in spain ? 
  we have a huge romanian community . 
  even in my 40k community there are like 1k romanians and 3 or 4 romanian food shops . 
  wow , turkey is even lower than i expected . 
  at the end it only matters if you 've abandon the idea of nation-state or not . 
  it 's a historical step that we will make sooner or later . 
  it 's pretty clear . 
  i 'm not talking about sentimentalism ( new german pacifism ) here . 
  if we want to compete against the rest of the world , we need to seek an union , a true one . 
  as i said in another comment , russia would n't have dared to attack or involve itself in a proxy war with ukraine if the ue had had , nor just a common army , but a common and strong exterior policy . 
  the german interests are the same than the spanish ones and polish ones , imo . 
  if we are talking about this hypothetical federal union with a common army , it would be the parliament , ideally . 
  if we are talking about the kind of union that we have right now , it would be the european council . 
  the principle of a common army is mixed commands , etc. , so it 's supposed certain commitment with the idea since the beginning . 
  it ca n't exist a common army if one of the strongest states in de union still thinks like a nation-state . 
  i do n't know much about georgia , but i kinda like it nonetheless . 
  tsibilis is the capital . 
  it 's a country situated in the caucasus . 
  you seem to be quite religious , and from far away , even as an atheist , i see certain romanticism to it ( old own oriental church ) . 
  in music , i only know about father seraphim . 
  really love it . 
  you have two separatists regions , abjasia and osetia . 
  but do n't know much about it . 
  i 've only seen a estonian movie about the war ( `` mandarinas '' , in spanish ) . 
  anyway , happy for you , guys !, 
  that 's why europe , if we were strong enough , could have pushed for a more rational solution , like a refer\u00e9ndum with garanties and international observers . 
  and every country can leave if it 's its will . 
  we are one of the few political unions that allowes it . 
  and why ? 
  we are all fellow europeans . 
  i do n't know any spaniard that has a negative feeling against portugal . 
  the times of war between us are far , far away . 
  i 'm aware of the obscure nature of the euromaidan , but does it justifie the intervention of a foreigner power like russia ? 
  and more so when it intervened to make territorial gains . 
  and russia would n't have dare to attack if we would have had a common exterior policy with a strong and united army . 
  just like they do n't try anything , at least blatantly , in other countries considered in their sphere of influence . 
  supporting the integrity of ukraine against russia , of course . 
  and as a potential member of the eu in the near future , yes , i would support sending spanish troops .
