  i do n't know where your numbers come from . 
  oh , so it 's that . 
  i was like ` what is this guy even saying . ', 
  it 's not blatant support , but rather a ` look , you ( uk forces ) were worse , etc. ', 
  or something like ` there are political explanations to this terrorist phenomenon ' , which some people translate to ` there is a justification for x. ', 
  it happens here ( in spain ) too . 
  disclaimer : potato translation from google . 
  i will try to give it a look later . 
  the national police and the mossos de esquadra are carrying out two operations against jihadist terrorism that , for the moment , have been settled with three detainees . 
  according to the interior ministry reported on twitter , the police have arrested in benet\u00fasser ( valencia ) to a man of 45 years and of moroccan nationality for trying to capture people for daesh through internet . 
  the detainee was an active member of the ` jihad of the word ' and his proselytizing activities had made him a real threat to public safety by employing social networks to carry out effective terrorist indoctrination . 
  for their part , the mossos are carrying out an operation in the town of roda de ter , in the osana district ( barcelona ) in which two people have been detained for their alleged connection with jihadist terrorism . 
  the detainee in valencia , through the use of different virtual profiles , under names associated with the jihadist epic , repeatedly published messages on training in combat tactics , extolling of jihadist attacks committed by the daesh in europe , syria and other countries , making special emphasis on their followers in basic radical concepts , before any terrorist activity : `` jihad is an inescapable duty , '' as well as `` the imposition of shari'a , fighting and action against the enemy . '', 
  he was very integrated in the muslim community of his locality of residence , although it developed the work of indoctrination and terrorist capture through the internet . 
  during the investigation , the agents verified all the phases of the radicalization process , such as the exaltation of victimhood with the dissemination of contents about supposed suffering of the muslim population , messages of hatred towards the western society and the search for the solution in `` authentic faith . '', 
  in this last phase he urged his followers to '' strictly comply with religious dictates `` and to activism , encouraging the commission of terrorist attacks and extolling those carried out by d\u00e1hsh as an example to follow , the statement said . 
  part , the detainees in the operation in barcelona are two people of moroccan nationality , aged 26 and 37 , who have been arrested for allegedly engaging in capturing and radicalizing people through social networks . 
  the mossos d'esquadra ruled out that the two men were preparing any attempt . 
  according to the minister of interior , jordi jan\u00e9 , the research focuses on actions to support and disseminate radical messages . 
  also in the recruitment of two women to whom they would have radicalized . 
  jan\u00e9 himself has ruled out that the two women will be detained . 
  the women they had captured , aged 19 and 31 , had a close relationship with the two detainees . 
  in fact , the 19 is a sentimental couple of one of them . 
  the investigation , carried out by the services of mossos specialized in the antiterrotista fight , began after detecting the activity of capture of the detainees . 
  in addition , the investigators would also have carried out acts of terrorism and incitement to commit terrorist offenses . 
  the investigators also would have carried out acts of enrichment of terrorism and incitement to commit terrorist offenses . 
  in this subreddit , things like ` they smell like shit ' could be banned for antiziganism , so maybe you want to rephrase that . 
  more reasons to do something about it in romania then , i guess . 
  we have huge problems too . 
  in my city , for example , they stole three times in my father 's company ( computers and tvs , mostly ) . 
  the police knew who they were , but nothing could be done . 
  when we were kids , gypsies used to follow us through the streets to beat us ocasionally , not sure why . 
  one time , when i was 14-15 years old , they entered to my friend 's house and stole the furniture in front of him . 
  they move a lot of drugs , and some parks are no-go zones . 
  the cousin of my girlfriend was stabbed and robbed in one of these parks . 
  and these are just some examples from my experience . 
  there are a lot more that i know from friends or other citizens . 
  most of the time , you know where you have to go and when , so you do n't have to deal with them . 
  and that 's precisely how we deal with them : avoiding interaction . 
  i wish we could walk safely for some parts of the city . 
  yep . 
  the only way for le pen to win would be a second round against fran\u00e7ois fillon . 
  man , i 'm having a hard time with this accent . 
  i thought my english was much better :(, 
  now i can say that my grandma and albania think i 'm handsome !, 
  thanks !, 
  hurrah ... 
  we should rename it for [ princess padme plaza ] ( https://www.google.es/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewiato-zyoxsahxkbxqkhbnjbyyqjrwibw&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.traveler.es%2fviajes%2frankings%2fgalerias%2fespana-set-de-rodaje-de-hollywood%2f361%2fimage%2f16820&amp;psig=afqjcnewqbrezlsz5az38cju_ppabdtbkq&amp;ust=1490115843379841 ) . 
  picture i took a couple of weeks ago during a trip to seville . 
  sorry for the bad quality , i took it with my mobile . 
  the plaza is just beautiful . 
  it was my first time there , and i thought the rainbow was a nice touch . 
  hope you like it !, 
  they fucked up , though . 
  our pend\u00f3n ( flag ) is and was rojo carmes\u00ed ( crimson ? 
  not sure how to say it ) . 
  i did n't imply the pujol thing , i just said it happened during years , which it did . 
  now we have ` l'espoli fiscal ' from time to time . 
  well , that 's another debate , an economic one . 
  and do n't worry , it was a joke because it actually helped me to know if i posted it or not . 
  reddit is hard sometimes :(, 
  because natives are only huge minorities in bolivia and guatemala , are n't they ? 
  most of the people are mestizos , so it makes sense that they have more representation in all the social spheres . 
   it ca n't have been `` years of bashing '' because the mainstream independence movement has only been a thing for 6 years at most so years of propaganda , as i said ? 
  i do n't understand your point : it has not being years because it has taken place for ` only ' six years ? 
  that 's literally * years * . 
  it was a lie said time and time again during the worst years of the crisis , and only dropped after we were out of it . 
  how convenient . 
  i did n't know you ca n't post twitter images . 
  here it goes again , now with the twitter itself . 
  i hope it to work now !, 
  [ the graffity ] ( https://twitter.com/miguelrosar/status/641989985231609856 ) it stays in the argumentary of a lot of people , as you can see from the debates in the media . 
  years of bashing with that message does n't disappear even if the independentists movement has changed the strategy in the media . 
  [ and it was n't said as kindly as you imply ] ( http://www.eldiario.es/catalunyaplural/ciu-lespanya-subsidiada-catalunya-productiva_0_171133131.html ) . 
  you perceive more ` hate ' from ` the other side ' because of media bias , i would assume ; who are you following in twitter , etc. 
  edit : i have being downvoted , so it works !, 
  the struggle was real . 
  i 'm not arguing in favour of afd , i 'm just trying to analyze why some gays prefer a ` downgrade ' to their current situation in germany . 
  there are also attacks from ciu , esquerra , the cup and some catalan media against spaniards , especially from the south . 
  graffities from the cup comparing spanish football fans to apes , the well-known ` espanya ens roba ' , andalusians are lazy and catalans are paying for their laziness , etc. 
  i do n't like the ` look at me , i 'm a victim ' game , but if we are going to play dirty , let 's show all the picture , shall we ? 
  i wish we the republicans could let some symbols go , like anguita has been proposing for years . 
  a civic renovation is needed , not just in the right . 
  it 's hard to see it on your side when the government is acting irresponsibly time and time again . 
  because if i were gay i would be more cautious about going to some parts of the city with high muslim population . 
  the cultural crash is to be expected , as most muslims have a more intolerant view about homosexuality . 
  that 's a good point ; the electorate from uk seems to be more ` right-wing ' than the continental one . 
  but what i see from greece , spain , netherlands and maybe france is the same story : the incapacity of socialdemocracy to clearly distance itself from the conservatives , at least regarding economy . 
  if there 's indeed a distance between them , the people do n't percive it . 
  and the implosion of labour parties across europe just keeps going . 
  i wonder if they will learn something eventually . 
  our democracy is yuge . 
  we are the best at democracy . 
  believe me . 
  we had to accommodate a lot of people coming from the countryside to the cities in a relatively small frame of time . 
  that 's my two cents , but i do n't know for sure . 
  as it says , that 's the classical usage , when the anarcho-mutualists were a thing ( with benjamin tucker and his group of the newspaper liberty , or even some in europe ) . 
  only the recent group leaded by kevin carson could pass as ` free market socialists ' , i guess . 
  but most of the anarchists are , economically speaking , marxists , and so deny their affiliation to the movement . 
  in spain , we used ` libertariano ' for them and ` libertario ' for us , for example , which are both pretty similar to the english words .
