  now [ definition of gender identity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gender_identity ) , which is the key to understand gender dysphoria : ` gender identity is one 's personal experience of one 's own gender ' and ' [ ... ] both biological and social factors have been suggested to influence its formation . ', 
  so what i 'm saying is : there needs to be a psychobiological structure innate to transgender people in order to confront the social construct of gender later on . 
  nop , you 're the one mixing gender in a cultural sense , which is indeed heavily influenced by social factors , with gender in a psychobiological sense , which is determined by cerebral structures and other biological factors , and can not be changed ad hoc by the person . 
  it does n't matter if we talk about homosexuality or gender dysphoria because both are inherent , innate to de condition of homosexual and transgender people ; they ca n't change it , as you can not change your own identity . 
  so do you believe it 's a choice ? 
  because that 's just nonsense . 
  how is homosexuality , something inherent to someone 's identity , the same than someone who choose a system of beliefs ? 
  nobody is born a muslim or a marxist . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  edit : grammar . 
  how is ` keynesianism is wrong ' equivalent to ` gender dysphoria does n't exists or is a mental illness ' ? 
  then i will use that ` elegant way ' when i 'm not debating on an english ( even western ) framework . 
  what 's your point ? 
  in a debate you work with a common background and terminology , it 's understood . 
  it does n't matter if in some island the natives do n't have a word to describe homosexual people : homesexuality will still exists as a phenomenon . 
  you have answered to yourself . 
  psychiatry clearly stipulates in their last guides that gender dysphoria is not included per se , but because all the stigma and imcomprehension causes great psychological pain in transgender people , leading to ansiety , depression , etc. 
  god created men and women , after all . 
  only those . 
  more would be inconceivable . 
  edit : / s, 
  they have the right , but not if it ends up creating a wrong perception about a group and , so , further discrimination ( as our penal law stipulates ) . 
  the public prosecutor of madrid is already investigating it for hate crime . 
  their message is very ambiguous , i 'll give you that , but their intentions are pretty clear . 
  if they want an honest scientific discussion they can go to the academy , where their opinions will be disregarded profusely . 
  two infantiliced phrases on a bus is not a scientific debate , though . 
  and i have n't downvoted anyone in this thread . 
  it 's well known that sex and gender do n't appear together in some people . 
  it 's called gender dysphoria . 
  there are also persons with intersexuality . 
  so why is this message only focusing in their reactionary conception ? 
  if they want a public biology class , fine , but show all the movie . 
  i mean , if you buy their ` this is just like a class of biology ' thing , good for you . 
  but we all know their ulterior motives , so it falls into the ` indirectly promoting hate ' part . 
  it 's like when they promote richard cohen and his ` homosexuality can be cured . ', 
  this leads to misunderstanding and discrimination . 
  too long to translate , i 'm afraid , but it 's basically a hate crime following our penal law . 
  these cunts of hazteo\u00edr wo n't stop with their reactionary bullshit , though . 
  sorry for the ignorance , but who are you referring to ? 
  jam\u00f3n is from spain and portuguese is from brazil . 
  that 's how it is . 
  nop , it 's just the definition . 
  from wikipedia : ` institutionalisation refers to the process of embedding some conception ( for example a belief , norm , social role , particular value or mode of behavior ) within an organization , social system , or society as a whole . ', 
  so it does n't need a normative body , a law . 
  and not everyone who disagrees with you has a hidden agenda . 
  i think both of you are talking about different definitions of institutionalisation . 
  we could say , with the definition of our fellow canadian , that an institution that includes certain racists acts ( as non-written laws , so to say ) within its praxis has a problem of ` institutional racism . ', 
  it 's more of a psycological thing than a normative thing . 
  i remember that the spanish troops built a runway to communicate both parts of the city when the bridge was destroyed . 
  a lot of troops were deployed there . 
  yes . 
  the eu should push for the end of illegal settlements , though . 
  there are la mancha independentists too . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  we were net contributors in 2014 . 
  with the brexit i think we are going to cover around the 10 % of the budget by 2020 , iirc . 
  the reduction of poverty is a sudamerican phenomena , as far as i know . 
  [ look at this ] ( https://es.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/anexo:pa%c3%adses_por_porcentaje_de_pobreza_en_latinoam%c3%a9rica ) . 
  venezuela 's poverty has changed , yes , but at the same or less degree than countries that do n't have huge amounts of oil . 
  i did it on purpose !, 
  so the rest of russia is just forehead ? 
  that 's yuge . 
  ` give back olivenza ', 
  i did n't expect us to be up there . 
  this is some natsbols level shit . 
  7 :( and yes , i 'm from one of these blue areas . 
  all the demographic studies that i 've found indicate that by 2040-50 france will have [ both more gdp and more population than germany ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/france-to-become-bigger-than-germany-2012-10 ) . 
  but of course , if germany wants , they can let in millions of foreigners every year to counter that . 
  how that will turn out ? 
  we will see . 
  so france is going to be the european powerhouse again . 
  i do n't think germany can keep up with such a demographic growth . 
  i mean , it 's still a really hard situation for the country . 
  the ball is in the tories court , so to say . 
  do they care more about their political party or about the country ? 
  so this is why it has rained dust today . 
  so annoying , my backyard is so dirty now . 
  wow , japan is falling down like crazy . 
  i knew about their problems , but not that they were that huge . 
  we are the true heirs of the roman empire !, 
  yeah , that 's basically all the scum we have . 
  it needs more eduardo garc\u00eda serrano , esparza and santiago abascal , though . 
  then we would have all the spanish intelligentsia at work , and we can truly say that we want to destroy catalonia . 
  holy shit , that 's some classism right there . 
  you talk like some se\u00f1oritos around here talked about the proletariat . 
  daddy yankee is ours ? 
  nooooooooooooooooo !, 
  they are as spanish as c\u00e1diz . 
  i do n't understand why we should get rid of them . 
   no one is being replaced , natives are n't being taken away . 
  a generation from now we 'll still be here , at most there will be a percentage of us that will have mixed children or grandchildren . 
  it has already happened , though . 
  look at the demographics of ceuta and melilla 50 years ago and now . 
  in melilla , 50 % of the population is arab or bereber , and 70 % of students are , again , arab or bereber . 
  it 's simple : they keep coming from morocco and they have more kids . 
  oh , no , do n't tell me that the millennial and generation z terminology has come to spain too . 
  i do n't fully agree with that . 
  neither portugal or the netherlands had the idealistic view of a reunited christian kingdom ( the former visigoth kingdom ) , like arag\u00f3n or castilla did , although this does n't mean that they wanted to renounce to their fueros and culture . 
  there were definetely some cultural ties between those kingdoms that promoted an incipent union . 
  the netherlands , in the other hand , only was spanish nominally , so to say .
