  the formation of a common identity is an interesting subject . 
  that 's my two cents about it . 
  it 's a little mistake . 
  but i do agree : those notions are not the same as the current spain . 
  yes , but what the map shows is the influence of celtic culture and the iberian culture around the pen\u00ednsula , being the later more advanced . 
  genetically , they were pretty similar , as far as i know . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  they are a party for the bourgeoisie , just like the popular party . 
  i read it as 20th century , so my bad . 
  this is actually true : most of the mingling came after the expulsion . 
  there are more remains of moor ancestry in salamanca or c\u00e1ceres , where a lot of them were relocated , than in c\u00e1diz or granada . 
  your version is the cartoonish one , in fact . 
  edit : and [ article about it ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.es/2013/06/03/los-espanoles-somos-los-e_n_3379814.html ) , so you can read it . 
  too lazy to translate , sorry . 
  and the carlists and absolutists had more influence in catalonia than in madrid . 
  how far we can go in this game ? 
  or are we going to stick to the current time frame ? 
  the party of the catalan bourgeoisie has always been very liberal , of course . 
  i 'm not talking about spain , i 'm talking about iberia . 
  the population of iberia was celtiberian , and our genetics are determined by this first substrate , not by your romance with perpignan . 
  and since it 's demonstrated that our population is pretty homgeneous , except the basques , it does n't matter if the guy is from huelva or from murcia or from \u00c1vila , and that 's why i said \u00c1vila or valencia . 
  i hope you understand by now . 
  spain has had 12 years of conservatives governments while catalonia has had 30 fucking years . 
  ` nope , you just do n't understand what nation means . 
  and you 're reading too much into this , i just said that genetically i have more in commom with southern french dude than andalusian . 
  and that 's a fact ' . 
  and that 's a lie . 
  you seem to suggest that because catalonia has had some cultural ties with the south of france during a couple of centuries , you 're more similar to them than to a spaniard from valencia o \u00c1vila . 
  two thousand years of shared borders have an effect on the genetical pool greater than a couple of centuries , even if in your head those borders are political constructs . 
  5000 years  350 years , so you can understand . 
  and the one who brought the notion of nation to a genetic debate was you , not me . 
  that 's why you are downvoted in the thread . 
  we are receiving , more or less , 15000 petitions per year . 
  of these only 3000-4000 have been looked , and only a 30 % or so have been approved . 
  yes , yes , but i have n't eaten more than three napolitanas in all my life , and they were filled with cream because i do n't like chocolate . 
  and my mother only eats croissants de chocolate , so in my head made sense !, 
  you definitely do n't know how genetics work , or that being a nation does n't matter if we have shared borders with each other ( iberia ) for millennials because of the pyrenees . 
  yeah , fucking spaniards with their shady tactics and their blatant lies !, 
  oh , god , i hope you 're not the prototype of independentist . 
  no , you did n't came from north catalonia or languedoc , that 's the thing : you came from the same celtiberian substrate than the rest of spain . 
  and you were talking on a genetic map , refusing to believe that you were so similar to andalusians . 
  do n't try to act as if you were talking about culture in one line and in the next about genetics in a post about genetics in europe . 
  your first commentary is about how you ca n't believe that you were celts all along . 
  your second comment is : ` there 's as much as a difference between a galician and a catalan as a parisian an and italian though . 
  and andalusian and a basque and a italian and a greek . 
  besides , catalonia is it 's own nation , there is a big difference , despite the proximity . ', 
  lol or you do n't know the differences between culture and genetics or that makes no sense in a genetic map . 
  you also said : ` genetically speaking there 's more arabic influence the more south you go into the penninsula , and catalonia is one of the areas with fewer of this happening , for example . 
  ' , which in not true . 
  there is more moor influence in the genetic pool in some areas of salamanca than in granada . 
  why ? 
  because the mixing was really low until the resettlement of the remaining moors after the expulsion . 
  i 'm the other guy , that 's my old account . 
  as simple as that . 
  here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p0scz/genetic_maps_of_europe/ you literally said : ` we the catalans come from over the pyrenees , from the languedoc ... ' and also that ` andalusians ( heavy arabic influences ) [ sic ] ... ' and when you were called about prejuice , you said : ` it 's not a prejudice to talk about genetics , that area was inhabitted with arabs for 700 years ... ', 
  i mean , this is the same guy who believed that the andalusian people are , ethnically , heavily influenced by the moors , and that the catalans came from languedoc , when in fact spaniards are pretty homogeneous in that regard . 
  oh , i know , i was talking about things like ` open the borders now ! ', 
  or ` let them in ' , or in general coatic management of this issue . 
  that 's why i said we should take as many refugees as correspond to us , but without being too sloppy about it . 
  big cities tend to be more liberal . 
  madrid also asked the government to speed things up and to take more refugees . 
  and as far as i know , all the political parties are in favor of taking in refugees , but they differ how many and how fast . 
  it seems that every issue can be used to push for the independence agenda . 
  honestly , i do n't think most of spaniards agree with this . 
  we should take as many refugees as correspond to us , and we must do it slowly and thoughtfully if possible . 
  ours was [ ill\u00e1n de vacas ] ( https://ucmedia.escapadarural.com/es/pan/dests/30183/30183.jpg ) , in toledo . 
  it had 1 inhabitant in 2013 , the mayor . 
  but its population has increased six-fold since 2013 ... now they are six !, 
  that ca n't be right . 
  in castile there are towns with 10-50 inhabitants all over the place . 
  but maybe those does n't count because these towns have been dying since the 80 's . 
  well , this is quite disturbing . 
  that child should be in the school studying , not pregnant of her cousin . 
  14 this year in spain , i believe . 
  i 'm not sure if it changes with the community , though . 
  i do n't think you are understanding my point . 
  now they can say ` i 'm like the infanta !, 
  ' , like la pantoja did . 
  nobody knows the rich wife of fulanito . 
  and those cases have had the same publicity than a case like this , with the media covering it 24/7 for years , of course . 
  yeah , but i mean that the legal precedent is too bad . 
  now they can point out to the infanta and say : i 'm just like her , so treat me like her . 
  it 's a circle of impunity . 
  i mean , they ca n't cross to the mainland by themselves anyway . 
  we can deport them through morocco if someone gets to the other side . 
  there 's no need to kill anyone in the process . 
  una pena . 
  oh , yeah , totally , we all know that !, 
  and now we 're seeing the ` i 'm a dumb wife , my husband was in charge of everything ' strategy being carried out in another two or three corruption cases . 
  how great is that . 
  she used to . 
  the active members of the royal family have a salary , but i think the king took it away a couple years ago . 
  she 's working in ginebra with a spanish bank or telef\u00f3nica , i 'm not sure , but her salary should be enough to pay for it comfortably . 
  i did n't expect her to go to prison but i 'm still disappointed . 
  what a shitshow . 
  and our generation has nothing to do with it . 
  it was supposed to go to the guy on top of you . 
  my bad . 
  it 's not logical to base our politics in what some men did in per\u00fa 500 years ago , though . 
  botell\u00f3n culture ?
