  i know , i know , saw the other post . 
  just trying to figure out what was he referring to . 
  i 'm curious too . 
  come on , italians , show some love to europe !, 
  i wish i could attend . 
  intervention in ukraine , i think . 
  which is fine , imo . 
  maybe that other european countries have similar rates of inequality ? 
  i do n't know for sure . 
  belarus can not into joking :(, 
  indeed . 
  i think i minusvalored the carelessness of the russian officials and the tsar . 
  anyway , thanks for the debate !, 
  yeah , i 'm aware of the complexity . 
  even some anarchists aligned themselves with the allies . 
  i 'm saying that about the english because they tried to maintain certain neutrality or ambiguity , called for a meeting before the ultimatum , and then asked the russians to demobilize their troops , even though it was a bit late . 
  meanwhile france and germany were getting ready for the war and backing up their respectively allies . 
  it has been a while since i read stevenson 's book , so i 'm not sure when they called for the meeting and for what , but i recall that . 
  i do agree that it was a really bad diplomatic move . 
  but as far as i know , every leader from the great powers knew that any imbalance in the status quo could lead to an scalation of hostilities . 
  the germans and the austrians threw the glove , the russians and the french picked it up , so to say . 
  the english were the only ones that actually tried to avoid the war , i believe . 
  i mean , the point of no return was an ultimatum made with the only purpose of declaring the war to serbia ; ultimatum backed up by the k\u00e1iser and the chancellor of germany prior it was even done ( count of hoyos visit to germany and all that ) . 
  it 's a club from a very famous working class neighbourhood of madrid . 
  the politics of the club are left-leaning , but their ultras are plain communists . 
  just wanted to thank you for this well written and informative post !, 
  we are a sausage party !, 
  i 'm not sure if i follow you . 
  it was a crime carried out to harm the intellectual elite of the armenian people . 
  just a small act in comparison to all the massacre , but an act of genocide nonetheless . 
  i read somewhere that 1/3 of their voters ( psd ) were their own affiliates . 
  is that true ? 
  because then they have a worrying amount of unconditional followers . 
  but there 's nothing sacred about a scarf . 
  that 's the point . 
  if they do n't show it , it 's fine . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a tasbih , a rosary or a small cross . 
  just do n't show it in public if you 're a civil servant . 
  i do n't mind !, 
  i like romanians ; they 're hard working and adapt rather easily . 
  we have the best walls . 
  no doubt now . 
  weird , i thought romania was our country . 
  it makes sense anyway . 
  so this is how a level 8 fort looks like . 
  a lot of them work ` in the shadows . ', 
  it 's calculated that around 2-4 million of people in spain work illegally , doing ` chapuzas ' ( i do n't know the word for this in english ) and other minor jobs . 
  just a spanish joke , do n't mind me . 
  the county of paracetamol gives me conniptions . 
  batall\u00f3n vasco-espa\u00f1ol and other groups ( fascists mostly ) also killed some people , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  maybe he 's talking about them ? 
  read the page you link at least . 
  why is it boring ? 
  maybe it 's because italian and spanish , when spoken , are more intelligible ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but i personally feel closer to portuguese people . 
  i visited lisboa last spring and the people were lovely , especially when they knew we were spaniards . 
  it 's not that easy , sadly . 
  some people may be against it ( especially the generation of my fathers ; 40-50 years ) , but they do n't care enough to be pro-active about it . 
  maybe he 's thinking about jail and then deportation ( with massive change of our legislation included ) ? 
  all the merit to its [ author . ], 
  ( https://twitter.com/monolocus ) i do n't know his real name , sadly . 
  i do n't know , i would call going from 26 % to 11 % in 2020 ( forecast ) a victory . 
  still high , yes , but a victory nonetheless . 
  ` hail , europe , our true home ! ', 
  yeah !, 
  and our salute could be the roman salute !, 
  [ source . ], 
  ( https://twitter.com/dexamina/status/868096585703534592 ) do n't mind uk 's flag !, 
  yeah , it 's dependant from the rest of spain , mostly . 
  the same state they have been antagonizing for years . 
  not my fault if you do n't know which territories are castilian . 
  study more . 
  we are talking about castile , and madrid is castile too . 
  what do you mean ? 
  people think this palace is in madrid ? 
  as far as i know , segovia is as castilian as it can get . 
  it does n't need to be in the first point . 
  in the preamble , it reads `` castilla y le\u00f3n es una comunidad rica en territorios y gentes , configurada por * castellanos * y leoneses [ ... ] '' ; and in madrid : `` la bandera de la comunidad es roja carmes\u00ed . 
  i wonder from which region do these castilian people come from then . 
  castilla-la mancha has similar statutory provisions . 
  [ cantabria and la rioja do n't ] ( https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/castilla#/media/file:kastilien_heute.svg ) , though . 
  it 's still castile ( region ) , as it says in their estatuto de autonom\u00eda . 
  the palace is situated in a small town of segovia ( castile ) : san ildefonso , btw . 
  i tried to compile pictures for the facade , the gardens and the fountains . 
  there are also some pictures from the interior . 
  [ hope you like it ! ], 
  but we are producing great [ memes . ], 
  ( https://twitter.com/buzzfeedgermany/status/863514521801027585 ) we are the memelords now !, 
  our surplus is yuge . 
  we should marry !, 
  but that 's youth unmeployment . 
  canarias , murcia and castilla-la mancha are growing above the spanish average too . 
  exports , tourism and people buying again internally . 
  yep . 
  if the growth keeps going , we are supposed to reach between 10-12 % of unemployement by 2020 . 
  still a lot , that 's true , but far better than a couple years ago . 
  i did n't . 
  i took it from a tweet where it was already gone . 
  in all my comments i point out who is the artist ( at the moment i knew it , of course ) .
