as far as i know , podemos and iu have also supported this sell . 
  here 's a good article about it , although it 's a bit outdated : http://www.lamarea.com/2016/02/23/pan-o-ideologia-podemos-e-iu-tambien-apoyan-la-venta-de-barcos-de-guerra-a-arabia-saudi/, 
  and the drug cartels ( most of them from latin america ) usually operate in spain too . 
  now i ca n't think seriously about ulm . 
  eu4 memes , what have you done to me ? 
  no religious proselytism in public places . 
  show your affection for your particular religion through clothes or chants in a space specially dedicated for cult or in your private property . 
  you 're just linking a communicate of ospa mugimendua , a collective whose purpose is to expell guardia civil and other fse from navarra ( euskal herria for them , i guess ) . 
  they also state that the two civil guards were ` in their terrain ' . 
  wow , just wow . 
  and i 'm for the normalitazion of the situation in some parts of navarra and basque country , and i know how unpleasant is to have armed forces in your town ( for different motives and for a year ) , but start that debate because of this situation is twisted and a bad strategy overall . 
  ca n't tell if serious or trolling . 
  ok , maybe it 's a bit too much . 
  open that debate because two innocent civil guards ( as civilians , taking a drink with their girlfriends ) have been beaten by a mob of drunk and radical independentists seems like a bad idea . 
  or more like a victory for the aggressors . 
  just right now we 're having a policeman strike in my town because of this . 
  the new council is replacing the older cops via early retirement with those civil servants . 
  i have seen this statement before ... 
  that 's just a description of the sociology of the matter . 
  and it works with irrational things like identity or cultural inertia ( i 'm thinking about some places of andaluc\u00eda or even some members of my family ) . 
  obviously i was generalizing ( and every generalization has its flaws ) , but i 'm talking about ideology , and ideological split . 
  c 's and podemos represent the two sides the psoe has within itself better than anything else . 
  one , socioliberal and more agressive with peripheral nationalisms ; other , socialdemocrat and more open to a truly federal spain . 
  in my opinion , we 're witnessing a fight for the ideological hegemony of the party . 
  we 'll see who wins , but if the fight is too bloody and lasts for too long , it will end with the demobilization of the voters and their desintegration in one side or another , depending on the winner . 
  psoe splitted in two a while ago , imho : podemos and c 's . 
  pedro s\u00e1nchez has lost too many elections and refuses to summon a national congress to elect a new head of the party ( or at least a new strategy , i.e. , abstention to allow a pp government ) . 
  and pedro s\u00e1nchez has been suggesting in the last week the possibility of a new government with psoe , podemos and the peripheral nationalists . 
  for d\u00edaz , a pact with the nationalists is an impossible . 
  cascabel 's 13tv and other right-wing media have been pushing for something like this for sooooo long . 
  it was really something else to see the old socialists every night bashing against pedro s\u00e1nchez and agreeing with people like rojo or marhuenda . 
  just shows the two generations that are living right now inside the psoe . 
  depending on the results of this ` civil war ' , we 'll see a huge boosts for podemos or for c 's - pp ( election wise ) , i think . 
  i 'm from the south and there 's no time for siesta . 
  for example , my fathers come back from work at 14:00 , then we made the meal , watch the 15:00 news and back to work/study/whatever at 16:00 . 
  my father only takes naps saturday and sunday , but i think this is quite common . 
  i 've heard ronaldo saying ` injusti\u00e7a ' too many times to do n't know that , caralho . 
  or we can make mexico new spain again !, 
  i see . 
  here is almost the same . 
  i wish there were more nuclear power plants in spain , but right now it seems impossible to build new ones . 
  you guys never showed such love for us ... 
  i 'm jealous :( now being serious , \u00a1 espero que tengas un buen d\u00eda , compadre !, 
  unrelated question , but are people of portugal very anti-nuclear energy ? 
  because they 're related terms and usually used as the same in a coloquial context . 
  and because some independentist use it too as an argument . 
  sometime ago i had to convince an independentist just here that catalans do n't come from french inmigrants . 
  then i do n't have nothing more to talk with such a person . 
  i thought you were using ethnic more as ` race ' . 
  you should stop calling people crazy and imperialist , though . 
  they are not and indigenous ethnic group . 
  the closest we have to that in spain are the basques , and to some extent . 
  spain is , ethnically , very homogenous , as most studies show . 
  it 's more about culture , language and wealth ( poor nationalisms usually do n't succed in the spanish framework ) . 
  i know a bunch of lads like you and nobody cares about what they like or what they do . 
  in fact , i would say that your opinions are shared for most of the young people of spain . 
  i assume you must be from some small-conservative town . 
  christians do n't have to follow the mosaic law since the first century , which is the closest you can get to sharia in the christian framework . 
  the `` steps of jesus '' are so open to interpretation and therefore so anti-dogmatic that the comparation does n't hold , imo . 
  yeah , it 's a really bad way to get your opinion heard . 
  and i agree , but until then i think they have ( mostly ) strong arguments against meat consumption . 
  we south europeans have the cleaniests buttholes !, 
  it 's quite common . 
  but when i went to lisbon a month ago you could use almost any card to turn on the lights . 
  i used some propaganda card and it worked . 
  i do n't know if it works in every hotel , though . 
  his look gave me chills . 
  what a brave guy . 
  that difference of behaviour is a well known phenomenon : it 's called cognitive dissonance . 
  you 're so wrong here . 
  you just need planification ( like every kind of diet , really ) . 
  most of the dietists of the world have admitted it , including one of the most influent associations , the american ada , now called and : [ offical posture of the ada regarding vegetarianism ] ( http://apps.elsevier.es/watermark/ctl_servlet?_f=10&amp;pident_articulo=13149398&amp;pident_usuario=0&amp;pcontactid=&amp;pident_revista=283&amp;ty=11&amp;accion=l&amp;origen=elsevier&amp;web=www.elsevier.es&amp;lan=es&amp;fichero=283v14n01a13149398pdf001.pdf ) , from the offical web of the fedn ( fundaci\u00f3n espa\u00f1ola de dietistas nutricionistas ) . 
  the link is in spanish , so sorry for that . 
  a lot of volunteers have spoken against her practises there over the years , especially those with some kind of medical background . 
  it 's not just one documentary , even if it 's the most known . 
  in the same way , have you travelled to india enough to be able to say that ` everybody in india loves her ... ' ? 
  i mean , political parties like podemos are n't even socialist or communist . 
  they 're classic socialdemocrats . 
  since our historical socialist party ( psoe ) has turned into a socioliberal force , someone has to fill the blanks . 
  i agree with the ban of religious symbols , at least in public , but why do we need to humiliate them ? 
  more than an example , it would be even harder to implement such prohibitions . 
  she is such a beast . 
  i 'm so proud of her . 
  ( but yeah , the screams are annoying ), 
  we 're going for you , poland !, 
  i think it 's because our far-left groups do n't take russia as the counterpart of the west ( nato , eu , etc. 
  ) ; they prefer some movements of america latina or other peripheral countries . 
  russia is just another imperialist power for them . 
  second place . 
  not bad . 
  personally , i feel a lot closer to europhile populations ( populations that have agreed to be part of the eu ) . 
  morocco is just a neighbour , so we should have good relations with them , but that 's about it . 
  yeah , i read we sent two planes and some men , but it is n't enough . 
  i do n't know if we can afford to send too many resources because spain burns every summer , though . 
  i mean , i know your example is closer to reality technically , but i 'm talking about the way i feel it . 
  for me , france , spain , portugal , latvia , etc. , are just the ` home nations ' of europe , which englobes everyone of them . 
  i 'm very europeanist , i must admit . 
  i guess it 's the same as in your example , but for me uk would be the eu and the different european countries are the ` home nations ' . 
  galicia is suffering a lot too . 
  we should cooperate even more in this matter .
