  were the methods used by russian army rough ? 
  indeed . 
  it was an ethnic cleansing via mass-deportations . 
  is there a point in using those events in some sort of political message ? 
  what is the point i ask ? 
   also what prior to 1864 ? 
  there was the russian conquest of the circassia and war with circassians for this aim which lasted for 101 years , just prior to 1864 . 
  yes , russian conquest , how dare those russians oppose our constant invasions that lasted from 1240 's to 1820 's . 
   it 's also great that somebody has shown up some excuses or normalisation efforts for the annihilation of most of the population of peoples for sake of taking the land that they were natives of it natives , just like crimean tatars are natives of crimea , russians are natives of siberia , whites are natives of america ... also you say annihilation , but it was forced resettlement to turkey in the 1860 's , based on the documents of that time . 
  if we are going to dig such old stories how about the age when circassians raided our country each couple years for loot and slaves ? 
  that was just prior 1864 and beyond . 
  there is no major difference in mentality regarding racism between russia , ukraine or even poland . 
  many of those who do n't like obama in ukraine is not because he is us president , its because of the colour of his skin . 
  so do n't take it personally . 
  the article has curious conclusion . 
  i can not hear any threats , at least in this segment . 
  only `` glory to russia ! '', 
  with somehow caucasian accent . 
   if the bonds were fully insured a compromise should not be necessary . 
  it 's not , but taking ukraine to the courts and wasting 2-3 years , it is . 
   the insurance should have subsequently kicked in . 
   was it only partial insurance ? 
  it does n't seem like they are insured for anywhere near the full value if everyone is going through this trouble . 
  ukraine can win the court case , in this case there wo n't be any payment for russia . 
   my point was i do n't see why it should be the us ' obligation to guarantee ukrainian debt and i 'm not surprised the us did n't agree to it . 
  you mistake different scenarios . 
  ukraine offered a deal to swap current payment plan for another , which means pay one credit debt with new one . 
  russian side agreed only if western countries will be subsidiary debtors . 
  because us is the most solvent entity in the world ? 
  also it might be my intuition that the purposed plan may somehow not be covered by uk insurance in case russian government agrees to it . 
  our government does n't care , the loan was insured by uk banks . 
  ukraine does n't pay , then they will . 
  there are exercises in crimea , so it 's subjected to interpretation . 
  i think you do n't understand the pun . 
  mmmm ... stealth capabilities . 
  didnt poles assasinated bandera ? 
  til, 
  these directives are vague and ambiguous . 
   wow dude ... this is your perception of what it 's like . 
  if you live in that kind of mindset , then what 's the point in arguing in online forums ? 
  because apart from those two forces there are many spectators that are independent . 
  only in case of russians and those of some of russian neighbours that come here with premade mindset , at least the vast majority of them . 
  so it is interesting to talk with them ( independent thinkers ) , but in many threads a group of people come and see russian flag near the nickname and it 's like a red cape for a bull . 
  and also russians who see clearly biased threads like this one - they start to downvoting . 
  those are two groups with premade mindsets and that cold hard fact . 
   and the results are guys like you who are on the right side no matter what . 
  like me ? 
  the author clearly dislikes russian media outlet because they do n't give the narrative approved by the establishment of some european countries and the us . 
  because they give different approach , how you said it . 
   dumb , really ? 
  yep  it exemplifies russias media policies strikingly as well as europes vulnerability and popular right wing partie 's financial and orientational connection to the kremlin . 
  beside mixing it all up and creating some sort of conspiracy theory : the press about that rape , conflict in ukraine , crimea , germans , russian minorities , paid internet shills , hackers , dugin ... like there is some major game and the article says :  moscow has shifted to guerilla tactics in an attempt to undermine the west which is absurd . 
  first , there is no single entity called west , that can be undermined . 
  second , if there is some actions made by russia , there is no single master-plan for them , russian government was very consistent in it 's priorities : 1 . 
  interests of russian federation as international entity , 2 . 
  interests of russian citizens and residents , 3 . 
  interests of people related somehow to russia . 
  that is what government does . 
  what media does - it takes stories that can make them money through views . 
  the difference between russian press in foreign languages and any european or american press is that there is no political pressure , they do n't fear losing acreditation of ` favours ' so they can take anything in and make a story that the establishment in usa or european countries would n't like . 
  and it is exactly the same in russia with western channels - they can publish any story ( even if it 's unconfirmed , see russian submarine in sweeden , for example ) because they do n't fear russian establishment . 
  about right * and * left parties - those make friends with each other . 
  russian right makes friends with european right , and russian left with european left . 
  because of mutual distrust it is now really easy to undermine any party in russia for ties with european parties , and similar in europe . 
  and quoting more the article :  rather than try and beat its opponent in its battle for the truth , russia simply sabotages the whole game . 
  `` russian propaganda does not put out one version of a story but many , and in doing so it pollutes the realm of information , '' that what quality journalism must do , present all the points of view and versions . 
  as long as those are n't complete rubbish/insane . 
  and that are the reasons why the article is bad . 
  it simply takes a narrative subtracted from the title ( which it is clickbait ) and post a bunch of barely related facts and ` facts ' to fit that narrative . 
   you seriously think r/europe is not plagued by brigading strategies ? 
  strategies ? 
  nope . 
  there are two factions of people in / r/europe regarding russian topic - people from so called ` butthurt belt ' and people from / r/russia . 
  normally people from / r/russia do n't even lurk here unless someone posts a screenshot . 
  sometimes people from ` bhb ' are reinforced by brigades from / r/ukraina . 
  but this has nothing to do with government or conspiracies or anything . 
  people are just being people . 
   i can understand that this post will not garner a lot of upvotes because it 's complicated and detailed compared to other news articles . 
  i read the article and it looked dumb to me . 
  but i downvoted for clickbait title , because i always downvote for clickbate titles . 
   64 % upvoted despite being a * quality * article srsly ? 
  make your own . 
   that 's stupid . 
  we need to replace old the mi-8 , and only airbus offered something suitable . 
  buy mi-38 . 
   shoot me in the head , please !, 
  if you send me your personal identification data , i might consider it . 
  when i read kangaroo courts , i expect conviction/execution rates close to 100 % . 
   kangaroo courts actual executions less than 1 % , except bulgaria . 
  sorry was busy , i 'll edit this comment with links today in the evening . 
  links : 1 . 
  without a doubt one of the best is [ evroportal.ru ] ( http://evroportal.ru ) , it has many articles . 
  some articles can be find on smaller pages like [ emigration.ru ] ( http://e-migration.ru/ ) or [ emig.ru ] ( http://emig.ru ) 3 . 
  leonine share of portals are those which offer some services or consultation for profit , like [poravalit.com ] ( http://poravalit.com ) . 
  but once you have several countries in mind i recommend to search for specific portals of people who already migrated and are sharing info with one another , like germany.ru, 
  those press reports usually do n't specify the age or previous conditions . 
  unless it 's a digital clock . 
  they even banned euronews . 
  i doubt there are many legal experts here that can advise him properly , while in russia it 's hot topic , about migration that is . 
  many liberals who are specialists in computer science , programing and such have migrated to the west and have created web pages about their experiences .
