  you could , for example end a neutrality pact and it would n't have consequences . 
   the japanese were willing to accept peace , and the americans and british were willing to enter into peace talks , but the ussr continued to stall them . 
  men , you are making shit up . 
  go read at least some book about that period . 
   defend everything but a ** small path straight to the german border ** . 
  * poland ?!, 
   pew found that 61 per cent of russians believe there are parts of neighbouring countries that rightfully belong to russia . 
  would it be at least relieving for you , if i say that nobody wants a piece of poland ? 
   with this logic , one could argue `` yeah , the holocaust was bad , but hey at least they did n't kill all the jews '' . 
  are you seriously comparing genocide and taking over 4 small islands that were disputed since xviii century ? 
   no , it was his agreement to the terms of the yalta conference which were in direct opposition to international law that make the ussr 's involvement in the pacific theater illegal . 
  international law , what that international law you are talking about in august 1945 ? 
   that 's why the usa wished to finish the war with japan as soon as possible before the soviets could get involved . 
  what ? 
  have you read at least one book involving that period of time ? 
  soviet union was forced to be involved by usa . 
  usa provided landing operation ships that soviet union just lacked in the pacific . 
   furthermore are you implying that the allies and the japanese should be grateful to the ussr that they only took those territories ? 
  how psychotic is that ?!, 
  why is that psychotic ? 
  japan was the aggressor in the war which attack soviet union allies ( uk and us ) . 
  also japan in 1905 against all pacts and without declaration of war attacked russian empire took kurils and sakhalin massacring local population . 
  also the victory would be impossible without soviet union operation in china , as i told you japan lost around 1/3 of it 's army in just a week . 
  but not just army , the strategic region and their lines of supplies . 
  probably without that defeat us would keep bombing them with nukes for some time before they would surrender because of that . 
   today most russians see the islands as retribution for the war with japan , even though this was an offensive war the ussr declared retribution for 1905 , i 'd say . 
   ah yes , because persecution and genocide is ok as long as its in your own country . 
  you must really look up to stalin . 
  are you talking about the genocide of ainu people by the japanese ? 
   his acquiescence at yalta was therefore invalid . 
  it is not acquiescence at yalta , is is acquiescence under japanese capitulation act . 
   furthermore , the soviets were definitely interested in taking land . 
  stalin could have taken hokkaido , nobody would have blinked an eye . 
  usa were the ones who gave soviet union the ships for the land operation in enough quantity to take all of japan . 
   after occupation of the islands , the ussr went further with the illegal actions of deport all the residents there , not only japanese colonists abut also the indigenous people who made those islands their home for over a 1000 years . 
  very bad , should have taken hokkaido after all and created ainu ssr . 
   i do n't think estonia is hated . 
  there is also hated and `` hated '' . 
  if we are talking about real hated , then maybe russia would be the only country by far which is hated by some in / r/europe . 
   does germoney hate belgium or luxembourg ? 
  i consider that / r/europe has some class . 
  so people usually think before shit-talking about their neighbours . 
  while i frequent / pol / and know more or less what people would say if not contained by some limits . 
   well , the day when the ussr seized the islands was when they themselves broke the treaty of non-aggression with japan and invaded , hoping for a quick land grab before the evil ` muricans could have it all . 
  soviet union prepared not a land grab , but full-scale invasion of japanese territory under what was agreed in yalta . 
  and su offensive was probably the main reason why japan surrendered : see defeat of kwantung army and landing operations in sakhalin and kurils . 
  with joint effort of red army ( su and chinese communists ) japan lost between 1/4 and 1/3 of it army in just a week . 
  in any case it is not relevant for the modern international law . 
   but i for one would strongly suggest japan receiving these islands so they may be actually developed into a 1st world standard of living rather than be a russian ego-boost . 
  it 's too late for that now . 
  but `` they launder money/help in taxation for our corrupt politicians and crooks '' circlejerk would disagree . 
  eesti is hated by snobbish nordics , nationalist russians and quietly by other baltic states . 
  iceland geographically is not in europe . 
  big strong countries - are hated because of the history of aggression and oppression of their neighbours . 
  small irrelevant countries - are hated by their neighbours or ex-oppressors because of territorial claims . 
  microstates - are hated because of their money laundering . 
  northerners are hated because they are snobs . 
  southerners are hated because they are lazy . 
  easterners are hated because of their backwardness . 
  westerners are hated because of their egginess . 
  i 'd say slovenia is the least hated . 
  japan has no claim under 1855 treaty because they themselves broke it in 1905 atacking and annexing islands that under that treaty were part of russian empire . 
  they also accepted unconditional surrender after ww2 , meaning that they have no legal grounds for such claim whatsoever . 
  during cold war soviet union purposed to give 2 islands back in exchange for complete us military forces removal from japan . 
  they denied it . 
  right now those islans are part of russian federation , but japan under it 's revisionists policies insists in retriving them . 
  it may not end well . 
  at least we did n't have to sell it , 
  i know , ukrainian govenrment has [ blocked the canal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjyrld_onwg ) of fresh water from river dnieper to crimea , and i have seen it barely mentioned . 
  do n't worry , money is being poured . 
  meh , soviet nightvision devices always were a decade behind , so more than probable , that for initial tests and prototypes western devices will be used . 
  could you point out the story twisting lines from the rt article in this case ? 
  wow , so many downvotes . 
   mfw russian tries to always bring up the usa as some ridiculous justification for bullshit behaviour . 
  erm ... it were the baltic states who took away rights of russian minority in the 90 's . 
  so again how this is our bullshit behaviour ? 
  yes , i suppose it is the same as in russia . 
  muslim tatars lived with us for the last 500 years . 
  mostly no problems in recent time . 
  caucasus muslims - were conquered by russia 200 years ago but keep trying to pull the same shit because of which they were invaded in first place : [ slavery ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/oct/07/slaves-russia-dagestan-brick-factories-escape ) , [ kidnappings ] ( http://womennewsnetwork.net/2015/01/14/truth-about-bride-kidnapping/ ) and robbery . 
   the perception of grave injustice was a product of russian-speaking mass media mfw live in dallas , usa . 
  mfw pro-mexican group wins the elections mfw texas quits usa mfw when only spanish-speaking population get to be citizens , while all ` gringo ' become second-class humans who are invited to leave and go north . 
   yes , it 's terrible here , that 's why almost nobody leaves from estonia to russia every year and about a 1000 russians immigrate to estonia every year . 
  90 's , 90 's , 90 's , 90 's , 90 's , 90 's , 90 's , 90 's ...  estonia and estonian people have nothing to answer for , russia on the other hand yes , now i clearly see why those people i talked about hate estonia . 
  it is an argument of reductio ad absurdum . 
  russian 's civil rights in baltic states ( latvia and estonia ) were infringed and many were cleansed based on ethnicity . 
  just in a not violent way . 
  people like you are trying to justify that , but there is not justification . 
  just accept it and move on . 
   calling it discrimination is disingenuous and they got passports , but not citizenship . 
  passports of non-citizens . 
  you know , like jews a golden star . 
   they 're not celebrating the nazis , they 're celebrating people who fought for latvian freedom against soviet union . 
  there are no nazi salutes , or swastikas or anything present , it 's a lie spinned by russian propaganda . 
  precisely my point . 
  people who killed russians , jews , suppressed rebellions in other regions occupied by nazis and was used as cannon meat during siege of leningrad -- are now heroes who fought for latvia . 
  people who fought against those ` heroes ' are war criminals . 
   well , russian people should have other things to worry about , but the propaganda never stops see , commentaries like yours make the problem snowball even further . 
  you can spin the story however you like . 
  it is people with your narrative and conduct who are causing , like strukkstar said : '' * russia to have such a problem with estonia * '' .
