  and of course minor shareholders . 
  what happened to yukos -- it was a bubble created by khodorkovsky , which had amazing accounting results , but only because it was taking oil from it 's daughter companies as ` well fluid ' , while it was actual oil . 
  because of this yukos thrived while depriving it 's daughter companies minor shareholders of their dividends . 
  and later effectively absorbing them completely at a much lower price . 
  yukos also committed tax fraud ( similar to how other businesses operated in russia at the moment ) . 
  so when khodorkovsky crossed putin 's road they decided to prosecute him for economical crimes ( tax evasion and fraud ) , because the prosecution could n't link him to the assassinations that his chief of security ( pichugin ) committed in interests of the clan . 
  once that was done there was a question of yukos paying the taxes , fines and compensations -- money that the company did n't have ( because it was a bubble , like i said before ) . 
  so it was bankrupted and sold . 
  the shareholders received symbolical ( but realistic ) price from what remained . 
  so paying anybody any type of compensation , would be like us compensating the victims of madoff 's scheme . 
  it is question of principles for russian government and people , to see that those shareholders wo n't see a cent . 
   and there 's more than 1 or 2 bilion to be taken . 
  there si more , but it is protected by diplomatic immunity . 
  over russia as a country , not on the russia territory . 
   now we have the ruling and sides must abide by it . 
  european courts have no jurisdiction in russia . 
  so maybe those shareholders would be able to snatch 1 or 2 billions of euros which are the russian state-owned assets without diplomatic protection and then what ? 
   paying out what they owe to the yukos shareholders ? 
  why should the state assume the losses of the shareholders because of the corrupt management of the company ? 
  being that corruput management the main shareholders of yukos . 
   good . 
  european defense spending is a joke . 
  still almost 5 times russian expenduture when combined . 
   to me it seems that you 're not outright justifying it , but certainly trying to rationalize this , but just because something is logical does n't make it the best solution and the right thing to do . 
  agreed . 
   at any rate , if you 're acctualy interested there are plenty of resources available online that probably are going to go in more detail than i wish to right now . 
  i read plenty of resources at my time , so i 'm only interested in the ones that contradict the data i already have . 
  and this is one of the main reasons i spend my time debating these things with random people on the internet . 
  in any case it was interesting talk . 
  i never intended to justify any of it . 
  i 'm just trying to clear some misconceptions , maybe compare data i have with the one you present . 
  because even after the prison - he will remain exiled . 
  also in some cases the families were protected this way . 
   those 5110 did n't end up in exile with their families , if that 's what you are assuming . 
  when they served their time , provided they did n't die because of horrible conditions or malnutrition , why not ? 
  so you admit that [ this link ] ( http://www.archiv.org.lv/dep1941/attels1.php?id=1002 ) contradicts what you said ? 
   most families were split up and the men were often killed since it clearly states that : * deported as family : 3112 , 6849 * individually deported : 35 , 164 the cause of there being more females , is because 5110 men were arrested which lead probably to their internment in prison/camps . 
  ok , since it 's clear that what you are stating is quite different from what i read in my day . 
  provide a source please . 
   no priorities for russians , no ethnic relocations , russification and the central government was for sure not making decision for the interests of the russian people . 
  russian , belorussian and ukrainian ssr were the lowest in rubles spent person statistics . 
  i 'm not telling the the value for baltics was high ( it was n't ) , but the redistribution favoured southern republics . 
  also in all ssr , except the mentioned three - all universities positive-discriminated in favour of the local nations . 
  also the wages favoured southern republics , having an engineer in russia a salary of around 200 roubles per month , while a farmer somewhere in georgia could make easily 5000 a season . 
   russian elite and not the elite composed of many different nationalities with no nationalistic priorities russians were under-represented in the government in the 20 's and 30 's . 
  initially after the revolution around 2/3 were jews or russians with jewish connection ( wife , close friends , etc ) . 
  slowly they were pushed until the 1939 purge in which their number begun to be proportional to their population . 
  in the commissariat were present members of all ethnicities beside russians : ukrainians , armenians , georgians , kazakhs . 
  from 7 leader of soviet union how many were russians : lenin - x stalin - x khrushchev - \u2713 ( russian-ukrainian , represented interests of ukrainian ssr ) brezhnev - x ( the opposite of khrushchev , ukrainian , but represented interests mostly of russian wing ) andropov - \u2713 chernenko - x gorbachev - \u2713 which is statistically plausible - 3 from the largest ethnicity , 2 from the second largest ethnicity , 2 from small ethnicities . 
  i 'm a bit of history fan myself . 
  not just atrocities were eased with his death - most of his underlings were trialed and executed and their [ crimes exposed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/on_the_cult_of_personality_and_its_consequences ) . 
  it does n't make it okay . 
  but risiki has put his words in a way like women and children were picked up at random and deported . 
  while the fact was - whole families were resettled , which is the humane way of doing the resettlement . 
  during imperial times many families were broke in pieces because the courts exiled to siberia only the culprit without permission to his family to follow him . 
  in any case he could have done like it was done with chechens , but has n't . 
  what stopped him ? 
   accept the evils committed by your central government no problem accepting the evils that soviet government committed . 
  my original point was about it being 100 % on russian people for some reason , while the government was n't exclusively russian , neither were the people who implemented their decisions . 
  the families were not let behind . 
  sorry , i have no time to indulge in conspiracy theories . 
   you know that it was not the only mass deportation and the next ones did n't follow right away only because operation barbarossa disrupted the plans . 
  what happened in another 45 years after the war ? 
  all population was deported in the end ? 
   do you have some doubts ? 
  i do n't know him or his grandparents . 
  how should i know ? 
  among farmers after the stolypin reforms ( back to russian empire ) there was a problem of local mafia and it persisted to the soviet union . 
  in what it consisted ? 
  basically in remote ( and not always ) villages a group of people took over , and you either work for them , or you do n't work at all , and your house might burn and your family members and yourself have an accident . 
  and this problem happens [ even today ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kushchevskaya_massacre ) sometimes . 
  to deal with it soviet government applied very shitty policy . 
  it was shitty because they let anonymous reports to be used as evidence . 
  and because of that people used to rat and slander on their neighbours . 
  that be in the 20 's . 
  when collectivization begun with state-sponsored cooperatives it became even worse . 
  everyone who did n't join a cooperative was a suspect in some sort of illegal activities by default . 
  because of that many independent farmers : 1 ) were persecuted wrongfully , 2 ) many starved in the 32-33 famine . 
   the nazi lie and victim blaming again that soviet propaganda likes to push . 
  in this case people who were dangerous to the baltic soviet governments . 
  mostly the nationalists who took over the government years before that . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  the number deported from baltics is 1 % or 0,01 in fractions . 
  will correct that . 
   the order for deportations came from moscow , not tallinn , riga or vilnius . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  the central government creates a policy . 
  for example , deport all people who are dangerous for your government . 
  then the local government under that policy decides who is dangerous . 
  of course , there are some guidelines in the policy . 
  for example : deport anyone who participated in the coup d'etat in estonia in 1935 and was member of the administration after that , those who oppressed workers and farmers , those who are likely to sabotage and carry out violent acts against soviet estonian government , etc. . . and then the local government creates the lists and decides who to deport . 
   they were carried out by nkvd troops , not some local village chiefs obviously , because nkvd had jurisdiction not only to detain someone but also to escort him or her to another part of the country . 
  or you think that the local village policemen should have gone all the way to siberia with the unfortunates that have been deported ? 
   yes you freed them of the nazis but then should have left , not created a puppet government . 
  we should have done that . 
  we will indeed . 
  sorry , i answered similar question [ below ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/39vy8w/the_cost_of_russias_military_modernization/cs73k54 ) , i will just quote :  ship engines are indeed a problem , but only temporal one . 
  similar situation happened with helicopter engines in 2010 with motor sich , whose owner started to ask for unreasonable prices . 
  in 2012 new factory/production lines were built in saint petersburg . 
  in 2014 motor sich was no longer needed .
