  maybe he irritates you on purpose . 
  fancy , but i think all european cultures have their own embroidery . 
  ukrainians being the most proud of it , but mediterranean ( italian , spanish , french ) being the most beautiful imho . 
  well , they shot down a passenger jet for pr in 2014 , everything is possible . 
  because while you can travel all eu with one shengen visa -- if you go directly to france they can turn you back , even if you go through poland . 
  they have that power . 
  to prevent that you would have to be in poland the most days of your eu-visit . 
  or at least that this scenario would be plausible . 
  the reason ukrainian army is bombing civilians is to dissuade 3 other regions that have vast majority of the ` pro-russian ' population from any kind of action . 
  the point is causing maximum destruction and punish local population . 
  to put with in words of a ex-friend of mine : '' * we have to make it stick inside their heads that russian world equals war , bombs falling in middle of the night and death . 
  then they wo n't dare to choose russian world over ukraine * '' . 
  til russians are a single entity with a hivemind . 
  i 'm all for rational debate in good faith . 
  but there can not be good faith if you use thrownaway accounts like / u/koscarm and / u/chaotic4good which both had 0 messages yesterday . 
  because since i can not check your true account message history i can not know if you are capable of discussing anything seriously or just will try to troll/irritate me while wasting my time . 
  providing proof for :  every statement that you made does n't seem petition asked in good faith since i made multiple statements some of which are self-evident others might indeed need a quotation of the source . 
  but how do i know that i can benefit from your knowledge if it is a thrown-away account ? 
  i might as well spend 2-3 hours typing a response to your inquiry and receive another 1-liner . 
  so if want to debate me : 1 ) login into your true account ; 2 ) ask questions in good faith and substance . 
   in the case of donetsk , dpr army were shooting from the areas surrounded by the civilians , ukrainian army were responding fire on those positions . 
  that is their version . 
  in some cases it was true , in some cases it was n't ( like when ukrainian army shelled cities that had no artillery whatsoever ) . 
  but even in cases it was true it was a retaliation or vengeance fire , not true response on position since such is impossible against soviet-made artillery ( which is highly portable ) . 
  all of this does n't change the fact that almost all of the civilian victims died under ukrainian artillery fire . 
  it 's not what i think , it is objective reality : 1 ) russian exports are mostly raw materials and semi-fabricated products . 
  those exports , in their majority wo n't gain anything from common economic zone . 
  maybe there can be some exceptions , like metal-casting , but normally when such treaties are implemented there are some temporal limitations and quotas ( like we see from ukrainian aa with eu ) . 
  2 ) european goods and services will gain advantage on russian market against native products , but also against asian and american merchandise . 
  this will cost russia because : a ) the standards will have to adapt to euro-standards instead of ru-gost which will cost our companies a lot ; b ) multiple rules will have to liberalize and state-controlled companies will have to be privatized which will hurt state budget ; c ) sane protectionism and re-industrialization program will have to be abandoned leaving us without ways of diversification of our economy . 
  etc etc, 
   shameful that merkel has not listed withdrawal from crimea as one of the conditions , though . 
  such proposal would be waste of air then . 
  common economic zone russia-eu is mostly beneficial for eu , not russia in any scenario . 
  so listing this condition would be like asking someone to humiliate himself before you fuck him . 
  not everybody is a fan of such things . 
  no thanks . 
  let 's limit it to visa-free tourism . 
  he talks about artillery strikes . 
  because i made a statement before about artillery strikes . 
   but what is the point of telling this ? 
  what makes this event so special in a war ? 
  contrary to what is believed by the masses not ' * all 's fair in love and war * ' , ukrainian government committed numerous war crimes with their new allies in europe and america turning a blind eye . 
  then people ask themselves how can russian population support such a government we have . 
  well maybe because of things like that make the alternatives seen as greater evil . 
   this is an obvious lie . 
  both sides did heavy bombardments heavy bombardments with targets located where exactly ? 
  ukrainian army bombarded the most dense populated cities of donbass , while advancing the troops . 
  the rebels bombarded heavily so called cauldrons mostly , which also lead to some civilian deaths , but since those were in either unpopulated areas ( saur-mogila , donetsk airport ) or low-populated villages which were evacuated through humanitarian corridors the numbers are dozens of times lower . 
  there are also contradictory cases like the bombardment of mariupol ( death-toll over 30 ) which both sides blame each other , but you can get the idea from what i told you before . 
  also if you look at the raw data of reports of causalities you can see that most of the civilians who died in bombardments lived in the rebel controlled territories . 
  since centre or luhansk was significantly far from any battlegrounds and there was n't any tactical purpose of such bombardment the only reasonable conclusion would be that it was an act of terror against civic population . 
  almost all of the civilians who died in the conflict did so under ukrainian artillery strikes . 
  why they keep insisting on using the word ` troll ' ? 
  do they want to forbid trolling ? 
   please , tell me you 're kidding me . 
  obviously there is a possibility of some latvian migrant in the crowd . 
  well if you consider all of turkish history , then ... maybe ? 
  clear example of that if a lie is repeated again and again it will be confused with the truth . 
   you mean nuking ireland and luxemburg ? 
  but , but ... irish girls ( \u0ca5 \u0ca5 ), 
   europe and america 's economies must continuously grow or they will collapse , that is the nature of their economic system that 's partially correct . 
  most of the countries in the west relied on the simple model that you can borrow for you government expenditure and then you grow out of the debt . 
  except when there is a crisis . 
  so in good years the debt helped the increase , but in the bad years the debt makes things downfall much harder . 
  and if there is a long stagnation , then the debt prolonged the time needed to come back to growth . 
  obviously no developed economy can ` collapse ' like in return to stone age or something , that word it 's too dramatic . 
  i would n't fully agree . 
  while you emit a signal to the markets on one hand , on another you lose partially your ability for collecting the information . 
  it 's the same with internet -- they went after dd webpages and got decentralized encrypted p2p protocols ( which are used for sharing truly illegal content now , not just benign copyright infringements ; and now it 's more difficult to track ) . 
  the same with messengers -- governments start to openly spy on their citizens without court orders and now we got telegram , which is used by terrorists . 
  and now even more secure app ( recommended by snowden ) -- signal . 
  it goes mainstream and it 's get nearly impossible to spy on truly bad guys even with court orders . 
  right now there are mechanisms in place to punish * ` heavy ' * tax havens by adding them to a certain lists which has legal repercussions , and the ' * light * ' tax havens who share some information and cooperate with limits ( obviously ) permit to gather tons of information for the tax commissions of different countries . 
  if you crack down like you purposed -- new more complicated constructs will appear with dozens of intermediaries of unknown ownership in different jurisdictions , which will be pain to track . 
  it 's now like it 's not impossible to do that right now , but right now it is overly complicated and costly , if it goes mainstream , then everyone will do so . 
   you can not end tax havens as that 's encroaching on other countries ' sovereignty . 
  there are working non-violent methods that are quite complex , than :  you can however ban countries from holding funds there if they do business in your country . 
  because what prevents a structure of legal entities based in multiple countries to circumvent such ban ? 
  nothing . 
  right now there is one layer - a company that operates in your country plays with margins with affiliate company that is located in some kind of ` tax haven ' . 
  if you forbid company located in your country to trade with that affiliate directly -- immediately there will be a next layer : an affiliate located in a country that does n't have such ban . 
  and if you ban to trade with companies of that third country -- another layer will appear . 
  all european countries should do this + end the tax havens . 
  then the value of such opinions is almost 0 . 
  do n't know why you even bother posing it . 
  if meldonium would had some masquerade effects on other types of doping there should be some articles about it . 
  could you provide sources for that , it can be interesting to read . 
  the problem with that drug is that is has been there for a while ( invented in latvia in mid 70 's ) but only since jan 2016 is considered doping . 
  many people consumed it like vitamins or any other nutritive additive . 
  nice quote out of context . 
  but she is a member of batkivshina - timoshenko ( grigyan ) party . 
  let 's see where her alliances are , we will see it soon . 
   own gaming servers you mean russia west , russia east and just russia ? 
   note that this is for native language , a somewhat nebulous concept . 
  most of the surveys indicate that around 40 % of ukrainian citizens speak russian at their homes , 40 % speak ukrainian and 20 % another language or mix of both . 
   color wait ... we have actual yankies here ? 
   a lot of current soldiers were members of azov/aidar/right sector/donbass / ... because they were the only fighting power at the start . 
  they accepted basically anybody who could carry a gun without any bureaucracy , regardless of political views . 
  now many moved to regular army or national guard .
