   rubbing delicious camembert over your skin russian fresh and soft cheeses are good though . 
  the hard ones suck . 
  you meant to build a ' * sovereign democracy * ' ? 
   that 's what unites the greeks and the turks - the awful coffee . 
  turkish coffee has more craft to it than an espresso machine . 
  so if the person knows how to make coffee on sand it would be no worse than the best italian/spanish espresso . 
   sips earl grey indeed . 
  reminds me of the [ opening of the 2014 sochi olympics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhpzysmjc3m ) . 
  he is of german origin , is n't he ? 
   usa : 693 wow , that 's more than in stalinist ussr during the great purge . 
   implying skyscrapers make any economic sense maybe you are just jealous that ~ ~ the anal plug ~ ~ the shard wont be even in top5 of europe soon . 
   capital fort , sofia the prettiest building does n't have to be the tallest to impress . 
  and whose fault is that ? 
   at this point even whatsapp is more secure than telegram . 
  whatsapp belongs to facebook inc which is a for-profit group based in usa that was exposed as nsa collaborator in 2013 ( see all prism related leaks ) . 
  telegram belongs to telegram foundation based in berlin , which is non-profit organization created by pavel durov ( russian founder of vk social network and currently exiled from russia mainly for not collaborating with russian fsb and because of that losing his share in vk ) . 
  whatsapp is based on jabber but now it closed-source , telegram developed on it 's own communications protocol , but its open source and admits independent audits . 
  for me personally , the main reason i prefer telegram it 's because of the desktop version , which whatsapp lacks . 
   why belarusians , russians and welsh decided to call ladybug `` god 's cow '' ? 
  is it just coincidence ? 
  they live in opposite parts of europe . 
  i feel sudden urge to protect russian minorities somewhere . 
  there is a good movie coming up about this last stand called [ 28 panfilov 's men ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne-39mguh1k ), 
  it 's not like italy , estonia , belarus or russia have to be mad about this . 
  i think it 's hilarious . 
   why would russia even want to meddle with albania ? 
  the country loves nato , has really close ties with italy and is an eu candidate country so i do n't see them becoming a fan of russia . 
  after the coup in ukraine a new strategy was purposed , which can be shortened to : gain maximum influence everywhere , just in case . 
  typical slavic face with ukrainian nose . 
   russia was close to start negotiating but then they decided they need crimea more then eu . 
  actually russia was ready to sign such agreement in the late 2000x ( because russian tourists are more desirable for southern europe ) , then 08.08.08 war happened . 
  and since then the position of the commission was that it would be a bad signal to the members eastern partnership if russia gets tourist visa-free regime before all those : armenia , azerbaijan , belarus , georgia , moldova and ukraine . 
  who is the man in the orange drag next to the lord buckethead ? 
  capital of eu should be in rome , not in brussels . 
  stepan bandera strikes again . 
  how to unsee what can not be unseen ? 
  have you heard about the justice democrats -- a new , purist movement inside democratic party ? 
   well it was either fight for the soviet union or fight for the nazis , was n't it ? 
  staying neutral in such a position was n't really an option . 
  fortunately right now there is a neutral position , like naming the street something not ww2 related . 
  not very practical ... would be tough to maintain it always clean . 
   is it so hard to understand that both rus people of galicia-volhynia who lived under poland and rus people of kyiv and chernighiv who lived under gdl were predecessors of modern ukrainian nation ? 
  that would be a political question . 
  irrelevant to the original topic about : '' * direct descendants from people who lived in the territory of southern kievan rus * '' . 
   also cossacks re-populated todays ukrainian south , not the whole country . 
  most of them came to the south regions from kyiv , chernighiv and galicia-volhynia different centuries , different re-population processes . 
  studying cossacks separated from first peasants who lived in slobozhanshchyna would be insufficient to trace current population origin . 
  that would be for the cast of east and most of the south - modern russia , for the center - modern belarus and western population remained mostly on their lands the whole time . 
   you can call yourself whatever you want , that does n't change that applying the modern concept of russian ethnicity to an early medieval east slavic principality is just wrong . 
  same as applying any other modern ethnicity to their medieval predecessor . 
   it 's a fact that the meaning of the word has changed and it would be dishonest to act otherwise . 
  what fact ? 
  how it has changed ? 
   so , you admit that principality of galicia-volhynia did n't suffer as much as the others but still claim that ukrainians came from ... belarus ? 
  it 's not my claim , i told you that history science does n't work like that . 
  if you are interested you should study at least basic books and see that modern belarus and northern ukraine were part of a single political entity after the mongol invasions ( gdl ) , while galicia-volhynia was absorbed by another entity ( poland ) . 
  also i can direct you towards the history of slobodas , cossacks and the re-population of modern ukrainian territory ( by peasants in exchange for liberal privileges ) . 
  if you are interested in the history of your country , that is . 
  if you intend to live inside your mythological bubble , then what the point of debating with you ? 
   the romans also spoke of the `` germani '' and `` germania '' , yet equating this with modern-day germany would be unhistorical . 
  because they are not comparable . 
  for example , rurikid dynasty ruled rus from the foundation until their extinction ( 862-1598 ) . 
  such continuity is unseen in case of germany . 
  another one , would be self denomination , germans did n't call themselves germans . 
  while we , russians called ourselves \u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 ( ruskie ) from the oldest chronicles to this present day . 
   its not like mongols came and killed every human in principality of kiev , principality of chernigov and principality of galicia -- volhynia principality of galicia-volhynia did n't suffer as much as the others . 
   there is no historic proof for this claim that is not how history science work . 
  there are no claims or proofs for them -- data is taken and analysed and the most obvious conclusions are drawn from that . 
  in our case there are archaeological sites , medieval chronicles and early population data that indicate complete devastation of the southern rus in the demographical sense ( the population of kiev is estimated by the digs around 50 000 people prior to the invasion -- number that the city recovered only 600 years later ) . 
   the kievan rus was a federation of east slavic principalities . 
  it was n't a federation in any sense of the word . 
   `` russian '' and `` ukrainian '' as ethnicities are modern inventions that have nothing to do with the kievan rus . 
  so is ` kievan rus ' , which is modern collocation ( at least in the sense it is used now ) . 
  however the word russian in russian language is identical to the one used thousand years ago . 
  while the name of our country ( russia ) is also identical to the one that was used by the byzantine chronicles to call us . 
   are direct descendants from people who lived in the territory of southern kievan rus no , ukrainians are descendants of people who lived in the northern rus ( modern belarus ) , because the consecutive mongol invasions wiped out the population of southern rus . 
   it was major city of local slavic tribes kiev was a gardarik , those usually did n't have more than couple thousand people . 
   and yes , i read too much for my own good . 
  actually spain is presented as highgarden . 
   putin 's actual intent was to point out to the macedonians that they are bulgarians in denial but of course , just like ukranians are russians in denial !, 
  see we are so similar to you , lets form an unia , 
   at least he 's making bulgarian russophiles look even more ridiculous . 
  bulgarian russophiles just nod and say that macedonia is rightful bulgarian clay . 
   that month the real disposable income grew by +8.0 % year-to-year . 
  in march it was -2.3 % , in april it 's -7.6 % . 
  it 's really a very volatile stat . 
  considering that retail consumption grew in the same april , it could be some sort of methodological artefact . 
   nominal disposable income decreased too , so the lack of inflation adjusting of pension ca n't explain that . 
  why ? 
  it could , but shadow economy is very difficult to study or estimate . 
  it would be mostly speculation not true investigation , since you do n't have any official statistics and you ca n't expect people to tell you all the truth even in the anonym surveys . 
   unfortunately , only grain and oil exporters seem to be benefiting , both not very developed sector of economies . 
  maybe arms exports are helping too , i 'm not sure . 
   what does that mean ? 
  it means that the numbers from multiple indicators are improving : public deficit , unemployment , wages , inflation , interest rate , trade balance ... 
  disposable income is also an indicator , however in this case i explain why it 's being in decline ( slash of benefits ) . 
  if it was due to higher unemployment and reduction of real wages , that would be a sign of further worsen of the crisis . 
  however in this case , since it 's a part of the government policy to boost other factors it 's not such clear sign . 
  people who are dependent on the benefits will suffer and reduce their consumption which will impact in a negative way on the economy , but it yet to be reflected by the indicators in the future ( longer term ) . 
  right now most of the indicators show an improvement compared to previous year .
