  but you need some productive ideology for those who can not live without such kind of support for their cosmovision . 
  in soviet times there was marxism-leninism . 
  now it 's traditional religions/values . 
  the key element here is neoclassical , which means that in us they used roman and greek classical elements , while in soviet union and poland -- original classical elements could be used from russian empire and polish-lithuanian unia , in each it 's own . 
  beside obviously also the use of classical european decorative elements . 
  and socialist statues . 
  it is new yorkish neo-classical skyscrapper style , [ for example ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/manhattan_municipal_building ) . 
   well , i 'd say that 's consistent behaviour for russia . 
  for all the modern powers . 
  that 's why we should be different in this aspect . 
  because in this case white phosphorus will burn anything it will come in contact with in a very wide area , while there are more precise weapons which just cost much more . 
  in this case i 'm completely against such use , because it makes the position of our country inconsistent . 
  when ukrainian army burned several villages with such bombs - there was hysteria in our mass-media for weeks . 
  while now they try to condone the same tactic done by our army . 
  that 's the reason . 
  many civilians die along the true targets . 
  do n't you know that each jump during , ' * who does n't jump is filthy moskal or jew * ' increases the gdp 0,0001 % ? 
  very bad , i see errors everywhere from east to the west from south to the north . 
  dressed herring is seledka pod shuboy , you #### . 
  know your salads . 
  it 's probably not even in our top5 salads . 
  chernobyl npp sarcophage for ukraine : /, 
  no , our football hooligans are mostly neonazis . 
  incitement can have true criminal repercussions . 
  for example , one could be bullshitter , but his readers may be young , stupid and impressionable . 
  i fail to see how this is related to / r/europe . 
  can someone explain ? 
  go draw a comic or something . 
   the infant industry justification for trade was not considered to be a compelling one today by people who make trade agreements . 
  obviously not . 
  because each and every country would like to protect their industry , but the only way to make international trade possible is to concede part of your interests . 
  but take in account that those who make international trade possible have their own priorities that not always align with the priorities for the welfare of given countries . 
   i can say that i would not support an infant industry rationale in the us today , and my guess is that were the us because us is absolute leader in almost everything , therefore has almost no infant industries . 
  and your own corporations can protect those with their investments . 
  it 's whole other world in your country . 
  imagine on other hand china . 
  for china it would cost nothing to buy a tech company like amd , but us government would never allow it . 
  so if china wants to have some high-end technology sector they must take steps which are not - entirely * free-marketish * . 
   the us ( or another country ) to do this , it would tend to be a net negative to its economy no , there are some things that us should do in the next decade unless you want to collapse . 
  and this is to stop shipping jobs outside your country . 
  because in the end of the day you lower your consumers capacity with that and therefore the importance of the whole us market , that paired with gigantic trade deficit is not sustainable and a recipe for a disaster at some point . 
   what 's silly is to twist and turn so you can insist it is n't . 
  the burden of proof is upon the accusing part . 
  it 's like if someone insists that 9/11 was an inside job , and pointing out you can not prove otherwise . 
  demanding a * probatio diabolica * . 
  one one hand we have groups of people willingly using medieval times techniques ( without even a proper crop rotation ) in a highly risky continental climate environment . 
  on another hand we have ukrainian supremacists that try to find reasons for the population to hate russians and ww2 times nazi propaganda pamphlets . 
  which is more reasonable each and every one makes his own mind . 
  that being said , nothing negates the blame on soviet government , but obviously in the negligence part . 
  worth mentioning that those to blame directly faced trial after that and were executed in 1937-1939 period . 
   if i impose restrictions on imports in an industry , it will tend to make that domestic industry more profitable . 
  but it will do so by weakening other domestic industries by at least as much , since now they are less competitive . 
  i 'm talking about sane protectionism , not full mercantilism era protectionism . 
  your argument could be good from point of view of a. smith or d. ricardo , but it is all outdated , it was outdated since f. list postulates early 19th century and even more now . 
  infant industry needs some protection , and also declining one . 
  we should always preserve certain % even of non-competitive industries to have the access to technologies and possible development in the future . 
  because as time has shown us - you can not just buy tech and companies , foreign governments may just forbid it ( like we saw with opel , i think ) : it is dangerous to specialize on your comparative advantage alone . 
  so from strategic point of view we have to preserve our own to some extent . 
  governments recognized it thanks to yushenko effort . 
  but it is far from the truth . 
  who started to propagate the thought of such ` genocide ' were germans , who planned to pin their plan ost results on previous soviet government . 
  later ukrainian nationalists conserved the idea and used it for some reason against russia ( mind you in any system of calculation almost 2 russians died than ukrainians because of the disaster ) . 
  to be a genocide there must be an intent to do so . 
  but it lacks any evidence and even common sense . 
  there is n't even a pattern among victims , except they were mainly independent farmers and graziers from the areas affected by drought . 
  for example , it is estimated kazakhs lost almost 1/4 of the population , while their southern neighbours who are closely related to them ( kirgizs ) did n't . 
  same with russians , ukrainians and belarusians . 
  the only pattern is the area affected . 
  taking in account that famines of this scale happened in russian empire every other decade before that - it is silly to insist that it was a genocide , unless you have a political agenda behind . 
  while the authorities responded late to the drought-caused famine , that 's all they can be blamed for basically . 
  and it can not be described as directed against ukrainians since more russians died because of causes related to hunger that year , than ukrainians . 
  but almost no belarusians , for example . 
  against . 
  european union imposes open market regulations while russia need re-industrialization and sane protectionism . 
   what the actual factual fuck ? 
  western ukraine annexed in september 1939 . 
  famine in soviet union winter 1932-1933 . 
   was genocide by starvation good for ukraine ? 
  come on now , let 's not slander now . 
  lithuania actually had an empire by conquesting almost 1/3 of russia in 14th century . 
  what is the opinion in the other countries about akhmad kadyrov ? 
   you 're welcome . 
  ensaladilla rusa is also known salat olivie , because is was created by lucien olivier , a belgian-french cook who happened to migrate to russia for better life mid 19th century . 
  better make borscht , it 's like gaspacho but with more subtance . 
   such actions would end the pharmaceutical business in russia and there will be no medicine at all . 
   how can you advocate such stupidity ? 
  purpose to punish corporations for mounting a price cartel and instantly there will spawn some advocate for ` free market ' calling you stupid . 
   until the russian people effect change in the russian government 's policies what we should do is push government to either influence or greedy pharmaceutical companies or expropriate their actives as last resort . 
   gulag . 
  khemer rouge . 
  berlin wall . 
  ideology can not change people 's nature . 
  for example :  guantanamo . 
  great depression . 
  berlin wall . 
   \u0431\u044a\u0442 bulgarian revisionist detected !, 
  you say communist as if it is something bad . 
  so it 's like russian socialist party which cannibalized russian communist party votes , because communists turned down on ` true ' socialism . 
  what is the difference between podemos and psoe ? 
  are n't both socialists ?
