  ` yes ' ` how many pitchers are at base ? ', 
  ` five ' ` five ? 
  wrong answer ' . 
  in russia you can buy a rubber-bullet pistol . 
  for this thing to be lethal you have to shoot at point blanc in the head or from less than 3m in the eye . 
  and since it is not considered lethal -- it is quite liberalized for buy and carry . 
  for fire-weapons you should take complete evaluation and a tough exam . 
  you just issue permits to citizens , you check their mental state , you ensure they buy special safes for storage and use them . 
  you make them take strict safety exam . 
  the guns they buy - you register their serial numbers and unique print on the shell . 
  you make them accountable for the ammo . 
  sane rules , while the bad guys always can buy weapons on the black market -- look at recent paris masacre , terrorist having aks . 
  would it be different if the public had pistols ? 
  yes it would . 
   if we want to go towards south without using a boat only option is russia . 
  no , there is a bridge between sweden and denmark . 
  so beside boat you can go to other eu countries directly . 
  the way through russia is the shortest land way to the baltic states . 
   then you have to deal with visas and other problems ~ ~ not if you are a finn , do n't know about eesti , but citizens of finland can go to the border regions of russia without a visa , similar russians living in petersburg and other border regions can go to finland with no visa ~ ~ , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  ** edit ** : well i looked it up , and i 'm indeed mistaken and you were right in this aspect -- you need a visa, 
  god bless 2nd amendment ... oh wait , you guys do n't have guns :p wait ... neither do we :(, 
   seems to be roughly the same length and depth as the tunnel between uk and france so i do n't see why it should n't be feasible exactly why you said it . 
  eurotunnel is barely economically feasible with all that traffic between france and uk . 
  and there is no alternative land route ( great britain being an island , duh ) . 
   2020 ukrainian forces occupy russia in order to secure strategical deposits of salo oooh ... 
  i can already see it . 
  it will be officially success when we start exporting salo into ukraine . 
  runet is bigger on the inside . 
  u jelly ? 
  well it would be silly not to . 
  / u/zurfer75 is right 95 %, 
  western countries snowballed the wealth based on the industrialization process made possible by the colonies exploitation . 
  the exploitation consisted in exclusive economic relations with the colonies which provided the resources in imperfect market conditions , since they could n't seek other demand than their western metropolis . 
  while the ex-colonies lost their opportunities to follow the same process the metropolis did . 
  in other words because of the colonialism , ex-colonies had to specialize not following the path a global market but the one marked for them by their masters . 
  taking in account severe protectionism tendencies of the western states until the very end of decolonization process the ex-colonies which gained freedom had to face a new global market which in case of the one thing they were specialized at ( resources ) was one of buyers and not suppliers . 
  or even in simpler words -- ** colonies were forced to specialize in something that does n't bring wealth in the long run ** . 
  that created a gap that can not be closed even in a long period , because the western countries gained advantage in markets with high-cost entry barriers ( like high tech and science ) and are maintaining it year after year with new investments . 
  some ex-colonies like india or china thanks to the huge volume of their markets can in fact subsidize own high tech and science with governmental help . 
  thing which smaller countries can not manage . 
  obviously some countries would be poor even without colonization . 
  another question is that western countries would never be so rich without it and in this the author is clearly wrong by saying :  and it seems quite possible that colonial nations such as france and the u.k. would have gotten rich without their resource plunder , as did germany , south korea , switzerland and taiwan . 
  those are very bad examples . 
  in each and every one you can follow their respective economical history and see the capital movement . 
  clear example of south korea and taiwan with american capital inflow for ideological reasons . 
  same could be said about post-war germany . 
  pre-war germany , switzerland did n't have any colonies and were very poor in pre-industrial era ( in case of germany depended of which region , because the country did n't exist ) , but were surrounded by so-called great-powers who facilitated trade and other businesses . 
  in conclusion the article reeks of propaganda , something that i would expect to read in / r/european, 
   what i was saying is , higher-quality soil is more conducive to single-family households , fostering development of so-called khutor mentality ( another extreme ) . 
  khutors are created on all the borders ( even where the land is of truly poor quality -- see siberia ) like the name indicates ( \u0445\u0443\u0442\u043e\u0440 ) from the subdivision of a cossack military unit . 
  the same exact thing with stanitsa ( \u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0430 ) which is a bigger cossack unit composed of various khutor . 
  it has nothing to do with land quality . 
  the people who settled on russian ( or polish for that instance ) borders received a series of privileges ( no taxes , free lands ) and responsibilities ( forming a military unit for the sake of protection the border ) . 
   it was historically not an option in non-chernozem regions of russia if that were the case , the khutors would exist in all chernozem regions of russia , not just on the historical borders . 
  does n't happen . 
   i admit though , i do not know much about this particular piece of history there have been two revolutions and a civil war after that . 
  first one that changed russia from a monarchy into a republic . 
  the second one that changed the representative democracy into council democracy , logically all councils were communist soviets . 
  the thing in it 's original idea was very close to what people call today ` direct democracy ' in the mainstream media . 
   lenin is our benevolent leader , the tzar is evil 1 . 
  lenin was n't seen as a unique leader . 
  the party was lead by a collegial organ called politburo . 
  other members held significant power : trotsky , stalin , zinoviev ... 2 . 
  the cult of personality was n't a thing until lenin 's death and was promoted by stalin in an effort to consolidate his tyranny . 
  for example , petrograd is renamed into leningrad after lenin 's deaths , etc. . . again after stalin death the wrestling of politburo bulldogs continues and nobody held absolute power or had a cult of personality anymore . 
   this is what i meant under `` tzar type of leader '' , though mainly because we actually refer to authoritarian leaders in hungary as `` tzars '' , jokingly . 
  maybe , but when i think which european politician was similar to putin -- unequivocally the name of charles de gaulle comes to mind . 
  whole european civilization was built on the controversy between collective and the individual . 
  we can trace that to the ancient times . 
  what i talk you about , the perception of rights , economy and society that is mainstream today in europe is called neoliberalism . 
  and neoliberalism becomes mainstream in europe in the 80 's . 
  it also becomes mainstream in russia in the 90 's but because of the failure of the state through the entire period it recedes into moderate conservatism , which was mainstream in europe prior late 70 's . 
  therefore the differences are not so cultural , but political . 
  in the same sense if any european country elects a moderate conservatives during at least a decade , we could also say that they switched into that political flow . 
  for example , if france elects marin le pen for a decade in a row , does n't mean that their culture radically changed . 
   due to the fact that in most of russia single-family homesteads were n't really viable due to poor soil quality along with not too advanced farming methods and that being off-topic , but i must correct you that collectivism in imperial russia has mostly to do with liberation of the serfs and creation of so called obshina . 
  while the soil quality has nothing to do with it , i 'd even say that soil in the south part of eastern europe is one of the best in the world for agricultural purposes . 
  climate on other hand ... 
   from the outside it does n't look like that . 
  do you think the russian people would be able to live without a `` tzar '' who do you think did the 1917 revolutions ? 
  also there was n't a strong hand in ussr between the death of stalin and rise of putin , with maybe an exception period of under 1 year during andropov . 
  the preference for putin is a direct response to the anarchy and banditism of the 90 's . 
  but even putin is just an autoritarian leader , not a tyrant ( like stalin ) and very far from what emperors were . 
   western individualism vs russian collectivism + strong leader cult it 's not a cultural thing , but modern political of the last 30-40 years . 
   ukraine enforce standards on exports and local productions , not yet imports . 
  in many categories those are [ already enforced ] ( http://zakon4.rada.gov.ua/laws/show/1602-18 ) . 
   secundo , maybe russia should ant up their exports standards too at some point in due time it will happen , those standards that are better in eu will be implemented in cis countries . 
  but the harm to our imports to ukraine is * already * happening and without previous consultations with russia . 
   no it does not , a second invention spread by big industrialists that simply see ukrainians as direct concurrents and do n't want them to export to the rest of europe sorry . 
  sorry that statement does n't make sense . 
  russian producers do n't care if ukraine exports to europe or not . 
  our produces want to export to ukraine themselves . 
  and probably not compete with european firms for that market . 
   you mean illegally ? 
  i do n't think the mafia wait for proper paperworks and laws to do that ... 
  both illegally and legally ( you produce 95 % of the product in eu and you assemble it in ukraine ) . 
  russian part of the negotiation with eu proposed to introduce measures to avoid that btw and were laughed at . 
  russian goods are produced under cis standards , ukraine since jan 1st adopts eu standards . 
  meaning that most russian companies wo n't be able to export to ukraine . 
  this harms russian exporters and violates/breaks trade treaties ukraine signed in mark of cis trade pacts .
