  and yes , what catalan parlament is doing is not legal neither legitimate . 
   could building a pipe from germany to ukraine/poland make the opposite true ? 
  there is already one , just reverse it . 
  expecting commentry on how it 's russian fault . 
   ukraine should have never given up its nukes . 
  they never had a choice . 
  nukes that were mobile were already taken away . 
  nukes that were in silos had to be taken by force from the most loyal troops to moscow . 
  and even then they would need time and specialists to refabrish the launching systems , since they had no launch codes or immediate access to the technology to replace them . 
  the grammar is mostly identical to russian , but with many polish words . 
  it 's like when people start to learn german or japaniese -- almost 0 application unless you work in tourism , real estate or trade . 
  also those who need or want to work in the country . 
  but in all those cases duolinguo is farly not the best option . 
  it ' a always amusing reading such articles . 
   from each according to his ability , to each according to his need quoting marx , eh ? 
  osce 's military observer mission are composed of ex-soldiers experts in military . 
  while osce election observers are different people and different structure of osce . 
  i just provided a link to you , in which osce respond negativity to come and observe crimea referendum . 
  you are just blatantly lying or not even reading what you are sourcing yourself :  warning shots were fired when an unarmed ** osce military observer mission **, 
  probably military observers were kicked out . 
  elections observers ( which is different ` department ' and people ) were invited but said they wo n't come without kiev authorization . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/10/us-ukraine-crisis-referendum-osce-idusbrea2910c20140310 ), 
  i 'm guessing , pro-russian government will come to power now , 
  osce elections observers were invited , but did n't come . 
  they had their chance to find indicators of voting fraud , they did n't . 
  yes it is . 
  there are 5 types of federation subjects depending on the autonomy status of the region . 
  however your statistics are a bit misleading . 
  over 85 % of the population are russian-speaking slavonic population ( russians , belarussians and ukrainians ) . 
  and another 5 % dont know their origin but identify themselfs as rossijane ( citizens of russia ) and speak russian at home . 
  in next news , ukraine economic forecast for 2016 -10 % gdp . 
  how can anyone steal everything ? 
  all assets of significant volume are easily tracked and frozen . 
  if you research about subject that is potentially can be used as a biological weapon ( which this regulation is about , as long i 'm aware of ) , then you have to be subject to control in what data you actually publish . 
  like 30-40 years ago they sterilized people who they considered unworthy to reproduce ( eugenics ) . 
   my own observation : economy is shit , poroshenko should do more in this area . 
  what can he do ? 
  look all that fight with corruption is good , but it can not bring prosperity . 
  take for example a eastern european country with government budget of around 1/3 gdp . 
  now imagine that they steal 25 % of the budget . 
  normal situation in eastern europe ( in russia maybe even 30 % in average , cos of megaprojects in which they steal almost 50 % ) . 
  but lets calculate 25 % of 1/3 is 1/12 or 8,333 % . 
  imagine that a government comes with new people and they make changes , real reforms and reduce corruption to western european level ( around 10 % theft of budget ) . 
  and that reforms take to implement around 5 years . 
  therefore producing around 3 % budged efficiency ( or 1 % gdp ) per year . 
  and that is not the same as gdp growing extra 1 % per year , it 's just more efficiency to the system . 
  even if that extra money would go to the wages ( which in developing countries are like 50 % of the gdp ) that would mean that if all corruption in the system is gone , every worker wage would increase only those 8,333 % once . 
  if the corruption is gone by the model i pointed before it would mean 2 % wage increase per year during 5 years . 
  not much , is it ? 
  but in reality even if such program is created and it is efficient , the costs of the reforms ( like new training , buildings and higher salaries ) would negate or even be bigger than said increase in effective spending . 
  therefore fighting corruption does n't bring prosperity . 
  of course , fighting corruption and reforms are needed , because corruption is objectively unjust , and therefore must be purged from the system . 
  but such reforms wo n't bring prosperity to the economy . 
  what brings prosperity is stable and durable growth during large period of time . 
  and the key for it is stability . 
  stability attracts international longterm investments , prevents the exit of capitals , prevents braindrain ( at least to certain point ) , creates a business climate for internal economy agents to operate and move the gears . 
   there was also speculation how well it will go over in the muslim oriented provinces of russia like chechnya or dagestan . 
  most people are against militant islam . 
  the most people who are attracted to it -- are young people with ambitions and no perspectives . 
  and my government is doing different programs to help them find themselves in their lives , but in some cases it is not successful . 
  chechens in general support russian invervention in syria , cos if wahabis start killing alavites now for their religious path , then chechens ( being significant population sufist ) -- they can be next . 
  do n't forget the designs . 
   what how the hell is indonesia richer than france and the uk ? 
  it 's not richer , is how much goods and services and country produces ( their weight ) without taking in account the population , but taking and adjusting the prices ( ppp ) . 
   why jealous ? 
  have you ever heard the expression silk road ? 
  if china was n't world economy leader unti xvii century , who was then ? 
  it 's not rise , it 's a recovery . 
  china was world economy leader until industrialization and late colonialism . 
  that happens everywhere . 
  no need to call bydlo anyone . 
   you still have to get the same mass to orbit and even further - to the moon . 
  erm ... metals and fuel ( helium-3 ) can be extracted from the moon surface . 
  just what i wrote above . 
  it 's no problem with good suits . 
  it 's just us sent people there without making automated probes first and calculating such risks ( and solving them with r&d ) . 
  if the humanity is going to explore space we will need a spaceship building facilities somewhere in the orbit . 
  but moon gravity is around 15 % of the earth one and there is very low dense , almost non existant atmosphere . 
  therefore the low tech heavy materials ( metal/composite plates , glass , cooling radiators ... ) should be done on the moon , since it will be so much easier to put on orbit . 
  so there are 3 projects needed : 1 ) permanent base ( with factories ) on the moon with human operators , 2 ) semi-autonomous probing and mining robots , 3 ) moon2orbit launching system , to both launch ready parts into space and transport raw materials to the base ( there is no atomsphere to run jets and a railroad or pneumatic system for such puposes would be not efficient economically , therefore transport materials with multiuse launchers through moon orbit ) . 
   he could just be a hobbyist . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't like thinking like that , cos then i think that i could be creating similar videos instead of shitposting in / r/europe and / pol / and then i get depressed . 
  while it can be done by single person , he does n't have enough video views ( overall 15 million ) to substain his work . 
  so he either works on tv/cinema and makes those in spare time , or he is hired to do them . 
  probably both , he does his thing and revieves a bonus for it , from some source or another . 
  a good example of single made propoganda channel that generates enough money to substain it 's owner is [ sharij ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/supersharij/videos ) with almost 600 million views . 
  our propoganda level increases . 
  now we can into dank memes and viral videos , instead of `` and you are lynching negroes '' . 
  revival of glorious luna program with european support . 
  let 's create european base on the moon together in 2020 . 
   well then why are japan and germany not on that list ? 
  yeah right ... 
   reparations for stolen horses !, 
   more like border between lithuania and former prussia ... more like border between former russia and former prussia, 
   is it actually still called `` queen louise bridge '' in lithuanian and/or russian ? 
  indeed . 
  the parades also feature machines like bm-13 and t34 . 
   the report will include the published fb and twitter message in which the rebels glorified the downing of ukrainian cargo plane ( mh17 ) . 
  clearly you heard the sound but do n't know where is coming from .
