  what point two ? 
  there are two reports scheduled for today . 
  one from dutch investigation group and another from almaz-antey ( buk creators ) . 
  the aa report is scheduled in the morning , so russian media will have something to spin and talk about when dutch report comes out blaming either russia or the rebels . 
  i wrote :  i guess that the report will say that it was russian buk you wrote :  the report will conclude the opposite , trust me . 
  enough evidence for it . 
  i guess that the report will say that it was russian buk , because today in the morning the manufacturer of russian air defence systems ( almaz-antey ) presented a report in which stated : 1 ) that mh17 was downed by a buk missile that was manufactured in soviet union and no longer used in russia ; 2 ) was launched from ukrainian controlled territory . 
  do n't know if sarcasm or brainwashed burgers everywhere . 
  or it could be your secret agency to blast some socialists , kurds and sympathisers . 
  except the number of original targets were 11 . 
  i sourced european court of justice direct resolution . 
  do n't know what is there more to say . 
  no , since 2008 it 's not . 
  [ source ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:2008:142:0023:0024:en:pdf ), 
  the fun thing is that it can not be proven . 
  russian oficials can either deny or not . 
  but this one is unfalsifiable claim . 
  because you can prove the fallen missile by finding the site , parts , etc. 
  but you can not prove that such statement is a fabrication . 
  unless someone comes clean about it , which is almost impossible . 
  and for falsifiable claims they can use someone who is not official , like bellingcat . 
  it 's just everyone of those rockets costs several million $ , therefore unless those were about to expire or already expired it is unlikely that the military would use them at all , since direct bombardment from su-34 is much more precise and cheaper . 
  they are probably shooting 80 's missiles that have expiration date due or passed anyway . 
  could be just a fake report also . 
  glorious two head bear . 
   the experiences of the ukraine say otherwise . 
  ukraine was n't one of those countries that do not have problem with us . 
  there were 4 countries in europe that made acts of aggression against us : - moldova ( the worst of 4 ) -- intentional mass murdering of ethnic russians , only prevented by russian army ; - latvia -- discrimination , language status ( 1/3 of the population in the 90 's ) , glorification of nazi collaborators , blocking eu-russia initiatives ; - estonia -- discrimination , language status ( 1/3 of the population in the 90 's ) ; - ukraine -- annexation of sevastopol ( should be part of russia ) , annexation of crimea ( should be independent country by internal law of the referendum ) , scrapping half our black sea fleet , language status ( 60 % of the population in the 90 's ) , blackmail over gas pipes ( since the 90 's ) , infringement of patents and licenses for weapon industry , promises of joining the union , reception of over $ 200bn in different aid programs and later not joining . 
   stay in the russian sphere of influence ( which has proven to be a bad idea economically ) yes , like finland , sweden , albania and ex-yugo have stayed in our sphere on influence . 
   care to elaborate ? 
  what actions did they take to merit military intervention , from which nato protects them ? 
  they engaged in discriminating policies that made non-latvian/estonian population to leave . 
  for example between 1990 and 2011 [ over 250 000 russian left latvia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b8dqvqh.jpg ) . 
  worse was only in regions/countries in which ethnic russians were killed in large quantities ( chechnya and tajikistan ) . 
  that is something we will never be able to forget or forgive . 
  our logic is simple , most of the new nato members do n't benefit themselves from joining , since their membership just converts them into a living shield for older members . 
  example of such countries : poland , czechia , slovakia , hungria , bulgaria , romania -- countries we do n't have existential dispute with , but which in case of armed conflict with nato will be first to take the strike . 
  there are exceptions , however : latvia , estonia and lithuania do benefit from nato membership , because their leadership took steps that are considered very hostile to russian people ( mostly latvia and estonia ) . 
  you have n't reached your hipster quota this 5 year plan :(, 
  our enemies ( whoever they are ) will perish !, 
  all hail god-emperor !, 
  country : russia favourite neighbour : belarus least favourite neighbour : usa, 
   ... and that would still be an improvement over those territories remaining and suffering under barbaric , totalitarian soviet rule . 
  wow , i think that would be exactly how nazi propoganda fundamented their invasions . 
  kiev and minsk were taken and pilsudski was preparing to grab land to create territory from ` sea to sea ' . 
  that is reflected in official documents . 
  so no point to argue such simple things . 
  if he could he would taken most of modern ukraine 's black sea coast , smolensk , lithuania , latvia , etc. . . 
  carving poland means not letting take over all the land you folks wanted ? 
   roughly 12 principalities . 
  no , those 3 became main principalities after mongol invasion , because they took the least damage . 
  novgorod was unaffected , vladimir elites moved to better protected moscow and galic did the same to lvov . 
  and thus you mention them , because after the mongol invasions only two important branches of the rurikovich family remained governing in the west -- galicia ( descendants of daniel of galic ) and in the east ( both moscow and novgorod ) -- descendants of alexander of neva . 
  prior the mongol invasions galicia was n't important . 
  the most strong principality was without doubt novgorod . 
  while vladimir disputed it 's supremacy in the east with ryazan , turov exchanged hands , polotsk was much stronger than galicia and smolensk ... 
  i do n't remember . 
  the point is not like you say it was . 
   it was , at best , a loose kind of federation . 
  well , i welcome you into medieval feudal states in which a vassal can war another vassal , and sometimes rebel and war his king , or any other for this matter . 
   there were differencies among tribes , of course . 
  but obviously , the ukrainian and belarusian identities formed later . 
  then you recognize the mistake of you original point ? 
   after kievan rus collapsed into 3 parts in the mid 12th century civil war rus has n't collapsed into 3 parts . 
  it segregated in a [ dozen principalities ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/94/rus-1113-1194.png ) . 
  it was n't called kievan rus by it 's contemporaries btw . 
  kievan rus is either the principality of kiev ( as seen on map i provided ) after the civil war of 1169 . 
  or the period of time when kiev was capital of russia ( called by today historians ) . 
   half of the europe was ruled by habsburgs , does n't mean a thing . 
  except it meant a thing or two and that shows your poor knowledge of the topic you are talking about . 
  after the destruction of kiev there continued by inheritance by each other but only with slight different rules , there also continued to be one supreme prince , which the title of the one possessed kiev ( nobody lived in kiev at this point , which only had symbolical sense ) . 
  anyhow while contested that place provided a pledge of alliance of sort which permitted the summoning of common army , like we see on battle of kalka . 
   one language , with hundreds of dialects . 
  that can be said about almost anyone at this time . 
   in the late medieval period ( xiv/xv ) the differences were already significant , nobody tries to deny that . 
  because those parts were already conquested and submerged under polish influences . 
  with no school education to preserve a language in it 's original form is difficult because the official document were written in church-slavonic and people talked mostly how they liked . 
  therefore when polish overlords started to take over their lands those dialects developed into something different . 
  however prior the polish/lithuanian aggression the language in russia was composed by homogeneous dialects . 
   i was not wrong in my previous posts , just meant late middle ages well that changes your point complicity . 
  because it seemed like you tried to assert that we were different ethnicities prior polish/lithuanian conquests of rus . 
  how they were different ? 
  they lived in the same state , ruled by single family ( rurikovichy ) , single church , single language ( at least what by then was considered single language ) , had the same customs and festivities ... later on during 14th century , like i said poles and lithuanians conquered almost half russia , which obviously influenced local population given the similarities between polish and russian languages , therefore creating not one , not two but almost a dozen hybrid dialects . 
  two of which were formalized into complete languages in 19th ( ukrainian ) and 20th ( belarusian ) centuries . 
  also the wiki article you provided does n't seem relevant here . 
  ruthenia is the variation of rus that poles used since medieval ages . 
  rus = ruthenia = russia is the same word in different languages . 
  just like there is polska = poland = \u041f\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0430 = polonia . 
  in case of germany it is even worse nemcy = germany = allemagne ... obviously that process i told you before formed separate ethnicity of ukrainians and belarusians . 
  but that 's now , last couple centuries , not in the medieval . 
  ruthenians is just russians in medieval polish . 
  later on after lithuanians and poles conquest around 40 % of medieval rus those who remained on those lands had autonomous evolution with heavy polish influence . 
  but initially it was the same culture and language 700 years ago . 
  erm ... \u0420\u0443\u0441\u044c ( rus ) is how we called our country from its creation ( 9th century ) until 18th century , after that it started to be called russia ( rosiya ) by us . 
  russia ( rosiya ) is the name rus was called by byzantium and other foreigners except poles who called it ruthenia . 
  so all of the names are the same practically , and the language was the same except it evolved just like medieval french is a bit different from modern french , not so much as modern english is different from medieval english ( that thing mutated too much ) . 
  i wish her the fate she surely deserves . 
  no , just [ checked ] ( https://be.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0411\u0456\u044f\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0456\u044f ) . 
  just some funny typo , in most of the languages it is written with o , cos as you surely know it comes from greek \u03b2\u03af ** \u03bf ** \u03c2 ( life ) . 
  because you pay bns each year in transit fees to the transit countries .
