  while the ideology in itself is not that aggressive ( does n't push to commit mass-murders ) . 
  similar to how christianity in it 's core is n't aggressive but we had inquisitions and crusades . 
  i 'd recommend austrians to refurbish those ingots [ just in case ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mjyqfs6.jpg ) . 
  that [ reminds me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1m-7_ghfd4 ) . 
   russia can not defend its interests at the costs of another nation 's existence . 
  so you are implying that a superpower like usa can do it ? 
   russia has lit that fire and keeps stoking it . 
  it 's not civil war , it 's an assault on the ukraine by the russian federation . 
  still it is civil war . 
   it essentially made all three `` promise '' they would ensure ukrainian , belorussian and kazakhstan territorial integrity . 
  which russia violated . 
  violating a memorandum is not contrary to international law , it 's just unfriendly act . 
  go read what memorandum is . 
   well done for trusting a `` referendum '' that was overseen by armed guards from an invading nation , where all opposition media was switched off and with 0 international vote monitors ( only russian soldiers ) . 
  osce and other international ` official ' monitors were invited , they all said that they would not come without formal invitation from ukrainian government . 
   a `` country '' russia had just invaded with an army of soldiers signed a treaty with russia giving russia control of it ? 
  russians soldiers were always in crimea under international treaties ( see treaty of border and friendship ) - it 's not an invasion . 
   you have certainly made many good excuses for why russia can sometimes follow international law but other times should n't . 
  what happened in crimea is alright under the letter ( and i said before , not the spirit ) of the international law . 
   in essence russia signed a treaty that says `` we put all our past grievances behind us and will ensure your territorial integrity '' . 
  memorandum is not a treaty . 
  it has no legal power . 
  go read what it is . 
   russia signed budapest memorandum , declaring that russia respects and recognises ukrainian territorial integrity of its borders in 1991 . 
  if you are any expert in any international law - you would know , that memorandums are expression of political will and do n't carry any legal obligation , only reputational . 
   crimea is/was part of those borders , therefore the crimea landgrab is illegal under international law . 
  in any case it would be against international law to just annex crimea , not because of the budapest memorandum ( lol ) , but because of the treaty of friendship and border with ukraine . 
  that would be in russia would just go inside and annex it . 
  instead the people of crimea voted to become independent international entity from ukraine , therefore becoming a country . 
  a country recognized by russia , and a country which signed a unification treaty with us . 
  the only catch would be against that , is that the independence of crimea would be against ukrainian law , which is compensated by the fact that ukraine in first place annexed crimea in 1991 , because under the referendum law of exit outside soviet union the republics vote separately and since in 1991 crimea did n't achieve the 2/3 quota in so called referendum on december 1991 ( which btw is the document/procedure of dubious legality of which ukraine draws it 's independence ) , therefore ** crimea was to become a separate independent country ** . 
  did citizens of crimea accepted the situation ? 
  no , they tried to segregate from ukraine right there in the 90 's , but their constitution was abolished and their president flew the country under ukrainian military pressure . 
  which intermediately translates into the right of the oppressed people to self-determination under the international law . 
  and do n't let me even start on sevastopol , which was n't even part of ukraine , but rather a separate political entity under soviet union control , political entity of the same rank as moscow and ~ ~ saint petersburg ~ ~ leningrad , which were special entities under su government similar to the ssrs . 
  but i wo n't bore you no more , i think i made my case clear , when i insist that i feel * conflicted * by the situation . 
  it is natural order of things . 
   while others `` moved towards liberal democracy '' ahem-hem ... britain ... ahem-hem ... austria ... ahem-hem ... prussia ... 
   come and burn our capital city was n't the capital . 
   so what you really mean when you say `` we do n't want to be superior to the law or other countries '' is that you want to be superior to the law and other countries only when it suits you . 
  like in ukraine . 
  from my perspective what happened in crimea was done according to the letter ( maybe not the spirit ) of the international law . 
  what is happening in donbass is civil war . 
  do we have right to assist to one side over the other ? 
  also conflicting point . 
  because i 'm conflicted about the whole ukrainian affair . 
   so get out ukraine and stop violating international law  ok , let me call putin . 
  indeed , but that would a third level factor . 
  first would be the drought , second the incompetence of the local soviet government ( and the faults of the collectivisation plan in general ) , and later the third grade factors would be : 1 ) black markets , 2 ) sabotage , 3 ) resistance . 
  if there was no drought - there would be no deaths . 
  if there would be tsarist regime back then , there were still be several million deaths . 
  luka [ knows what is doing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pud1lzw.jpg ) . 
   the way i understood this is that eastern europe suffered immensely under both regimes , but a lot more under germany . 
  everybody suffered - because there was a rare country in first decades of xx century to fully respect and protect it 's citizens . 
  for example , take us - more people died in the early 30 's both in relative and absolute population from hunger than in soviet union . 
  but nobody says it was of cleansing against the poor and jobless . 
  when 5-7 million dies from famine in soviet union - it 's either cleansing of class of the independent farmers ( sane historian ) or ethnic cleansing against ukrainians ( insane historian ) . 
   i tend to believe the historian on that one . 
  then do your own investigation if you ever have time . 
  the problem with western investigation is that after the war significant part of collaborators and later soviet dissidents flew to places like us or canada ( mostly canada ) . 
  and wrote their version of the story , which is being regarded as 100 % truth , while in many cases it 's complete falsification or intent to whiten the past crimes . 
  one of those cases is katyn massacre . 
  poland forced from russian government the admission of those crimes under the version which supported the polish government in exile . 
  how it happened ? 
  well after the german advance in the area some officers claim to have discovered some bodies . 
  goebbels propaganda machine spins the story that soviet fiends executed the polish officers that were in the camp near by . 
  and a number without complete exhumation appears in press 23 thousands or something like that . 
  from soviet perspective it makes no sense . 
  after the occupation of eastern poland ( in our historiography is called liberation of western belarus and ukraine , occupied by poland 18 years before that ) there were around 600 000 polish military personnel captives . 
  then among the captives soviet government decides to execute only those prisoners that are located in the territories that in future will fall under nazi control . 
  incredible !, 
  the rest over 550000 poles are used for labour camps and during the war will form anders ' army ( around 350 000 people ) and polish army under soviet command ( the rest ) . 
  but let 's execute the prisoners that are in smolensk region for some reason . 
  and let 's use german guns to do so !, 
  that way we achieve ... er what do we achieve ? 
  did soviet union execute polish prisoners ? 
  yes , many ( several thousands ) were subjected to trial for occupation ( 1920 ) and [ crimes against humanity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camps_for_russian_prisoners_and_internees_in_poland_\\ ( 1919 -- 24 \\ ) ) in the occupied territories . 
  and later executed . 
  did soviet union execute those poor souls in katyn ? 
  surely not . 
  even the name katyn was taken on purpose for that goebbels propaganda piece . 
  the camp ( and so the bodies ) were ` found ' in kozy gory ( goat mountains ) , but all the press wrote about katyn ( nerby small village ) , because kat means executioner in polish . 
  then pieces of propaganda like this were re-used during the cold war confrontation without going into the details . 
  same goes for the famine of the 30 's . 
  nobody mentions that it was the last famine in peace time in our lands . 
  prior to communist reforms we had famine every decade with similar percentage of people dying , and that going to the most ancient history . 
  and in current propaganda in the west soviet regime is tried to be placed on the same scale with nazi regime in terms of crimes against humanity . 
  which is completely incorrect . 
  yes , soviet union committed mass-crimes against humanity : deportations of entire villages and even cities based on ethnic category - crimean tatars , chechens , ingushs ; repressions against people for thought crime - years in labour camps for professing wrong ideology ; had 0 tolerance policy - which meant that somebody could be executed for stealing something completely worthless for exemplary purposes . 
  also while with good intent - soviet union was n't a force for good in it 's short history . 
  but to compare that to nazi crimes ( genocide , slavery , complete dehumanization and destruction they had in mind ) - no sir , that should not be tolerated . 
   russia is no longer a superpower . 
  that time is passed , it 's over , forget it . 
  unrecoverable . 
  you do n't have to be superpower to have interests and defend them . 
  in fact - superpower is a concept created by us to somehow support their claim of superiority over other countries and international law . 
  we do n't need that , we do n't want to be superpower because we do n't want to be superior to the law or other countries - we want out interests respected , that is . 
   several german actions could stand on their own as war crimes to be remembered for centuries . 
  everybody knows that . 
   if you have the time , here is a nice reading shedding some light on the past of ukraine and surrounding countries .
