  but at comparable level . 
   because its pretty hard for me to imagine why and how is russia bigger economy than germany . 
  because russian economy actually produces a lot of thing , but mostly only oil products get to be exported , why ? 
  it 's also simple matter . 
  when you have a very substantial international trade surplus , like russia did in the recent decade your economy gets substantial number of foreign currency ( \u2191 ) which lead to the increase of supply in the foreign exchange market ( \u2191 ) , since there have been an increase of supply with almost the same level of demand ( \u2195 ) the prices levels for currency drop ( \u2193 ) , making abundant commodity cheaper ( simple logic here ) . 
  since foreign currency is cheaper each year with all those trade surpluses then all imports of foreign goods also become cheaper . 
  this way harming local production of alternative goods and effectively making the economy specialize only in oil exports . 
  but this is bad , because oil prices have been roller-coaster since the 70 's . 
  so the government has 2 main measures to diversify the economy : 1 . 
  to create foreign currency reserves and take significant part of this surplus there , so the increase in foreign currency supply would not increase so much ( done by all oil exporter countries ) . 
  to print money ( and invest it in local economy ) , so there would be the effect from the investment , and since there would be more inflation for the local currency , it would cost each year less ( in real terms ) , compensating for the increase of supply of the foreign counterpart . 
  all this was done in russia but not enough , therefore we can not export almost anything except oil ( and very specialized goods and we do it mostly to the cei countries and the third world ) . 
  therefore as estonian you probably have seen much more german products in your local supply chains and that united to actually pretty good anti-russian propaganda makes your opinion a little bit biased , making you in your own words `` hard for me to imagine why and [ how is russia bigger economy than germany ] ( http://databank.worldbank.org/data/download/gdp_ppp.pdf ) '' . 
  but that is only natural , since we have almost double ( 75 % more ) population than they do . 
   ummm ... yes it does . 
  it does n't matter how much stuff you produce , it definitely matters what kind of stuff you produce and what is the demand for said stuff . 
  just because libya and algeria are some of the most sand-rich countries in the world , that does n't make them rich in absolute terms , because in all honesty there just is n't that much demand for sand in the world . 
  the gdp meassures total production of good and services , as per definition ( gross domestic product ) . 
  it meassures the size of the economy and is used to compare those sizes . 
  the demand or others things have n't and should n't have any impact on those things . 
  imagine a country that has almost no foreign trade , therefore the exchange rate can be at any given level the government wants . 
  another example would be a country with large forreign currency reserves . 
  at given point they could also set almost any exchange rate they would want , it wo n't affect their production though . 
  you can read more about https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity  same thing with your hypothetical example . 
  if that country 's currency fall 3 times , it probably has something to do with the economy of said country ( e.g. 
  whatever they produce no longer has the same kind of demand , so it really does n't matter that their production capacity is unchanged ) only in case of a perfect market model designed by adam smith in 18th century . 
  at current level of economics all models estimate that countries can and actually do manipulate their currency rate for political and strategical reasons , see : china , russia , japan ... 
  but [ world bank ] ( http://databank.worldbank.org/data/download/gdp_ppp.pdf ) would . 
  or [ cia ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2001rank.html ) , or imf ... 
   that would be a completely bullshit metric though , gdp in terms of ppp only makes sense `` per capita '' , and is completely irrelevant otherwise . 
  why ? 
  if the sense of gdp is meassuring real production of goods and services , then nominal is actually useless . 
  because you are comparing tomatoes and apples . 
  two different things . 
  for correct comparation of the total volum of goods and services one should estimate everything in the same prices . 
  imagine a countries who 's exchange rate would fall 3 times , does it mean that their production of goods and services has falled 3 times ? 
  and because of that nominal is not a good meassure to compare countries in their size of economy . 
  yes i 'm sure , since you linked per capita link . 
  which is translated from latin , as per person . 
  pimmeh talked about global gdp , because as you see in your own link provided that luxemburg is # 1 in europe in gdp per capita , therefore what he said about :  according to wikipedia russia 's gdp in 2014 was one luxembourg larger than the entire benelux + denmark . 
  can be only correct if he refered to the global gdp , but estimated nominal . 
  nominal estimation do n't account for real production , because prices in difirent countries are different in dollars . 
  therefore it is adjusted through ppp coeficient . 
  here would be the correct link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ), 
  the nominal , which is not correct estimation , since you just take gdp in rubles and convert by the current exchange rate . 
  so say if the exchange rate of euro decreases or increases towards us dollar it does n't mean that real production has changed at all . 
  because of that ppp coefficient is used , to calculate everthing in the same ratio prices so you can see real production . 
  and not compare tomatoes and apples . 
  yes i 'm sure , because the data from google is all the gdp divided per single person , so called ` per capita ' , while op talked about global gdp . 
  we wish we had same ` per capita ' gdp as luxemburg , since it 's the highest in europe . 
  russian gdp in terms of ppp was the highest in europe in 2013 , now germany has regained the # 1 place . 
  he is gremlin from the kremlin !, 
  but the statement regarding ` unlike russia ' and having other industries is just plainly not correct . 
   unlike russia , norway has other industries and is not corrupt . 
  i would n't worry . 
  why on those topics everyone has to mention russia in such contexts ? 
  while one could agree on corruption , in relative numbers the importance of oil sector is comparable between [ russia ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/oil-rents-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html ) and [ norway ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/oil-rents-percent-of-gdp-wb-data.html ) . 
   i do n't se how any of the examples under criminal activity allow anything that is n't already possible with hard cash . 
  there is no regulation and it is way more difficult to trace , like 10 of times , probably even more . 
  also the transfer is much easier , since you can not just go around with bags of cash and it is very difficult and risky to move cash across the border . 
  to safely do so you need to fake ( or not ) many export/import contracts which make you lose substantial % and also is traceable because of paperwork . 
  it eliminates corners , many intermediaries , paperwork and makes police work very difficult against organized crime . 
  i wo n't doubt that in a while there will be call for a ban of bitcoin , or some sort regulation , that would make wallet registration to the tax authorities mandatory . 
   but those will literally run out , making detection ever more easy you are aware that almost 3/4 of all coins that can be mined [ were mined prior summer 2014 ] ( https://blockchain.info/ru/charts/total-bitcoins?timespan=all&amp;showdatapoints=false&amp;daysaveragestring=1&amp;show_header=true&amp;scale=0&amp;address= ) ? 
  of course people say that in theory it can reach 21 million , but with decreasing efficiency of mining ( or increasing difficulty , however you put it ) we probably wo n't reach 17 million figure . 
  you can see in the chart how the price on the market increased over 100 times , while the curve of mining is actually decreasing in speed . 
   for the average user , the easiest solution is to use a wallet like coinbase or circle to pay for stuff which clearly mask the average user 's net worth . 
  then it 's recreating banking system , a crutch that shows the flaw , and this time without regulations , which would make even easier to trace , if you gain access to their database , which they can sell , for example ( it is not regulated , therefore such data is not protected by laws of privacy ) . 
   this wholly reverses the classical situation where the vendor fears that a user 's credit card bounces it 's not that easy , because there is bank in the middle , and also regulations in place . 
  as for international trading instruments such as paypal while also flawed are objectively better . 
   so , overall , i am not sure what the objection is . 
  yes , bitcoin is not perfect , as all new technology . 
  those are intrinsic flaws to the system . 
  you downplay the criminogenic factor and say that the user-related flaws will be fixed , but they wo n't . 
  you are an enthusiast , i do n't blame you for that , but in due time you 'll see what i meant . 
  while decentralized value transfer system it is interesting , bitcoin fails as such system because of a series on inherent flows that makes it harmful for people 's interests : - possibility of use for criminal activities , with impossibility to prevent ( in case of money laundering ) or with several more levels of difficulty to prevent ( in case of black markets trafficking ) . 
  there are many old wallets with substantial amounts of coins that never have been used . 
  how this could go wrong ? 
  let 's see : example 1 : alpha has several millions in dirty money , he wants to launder it . 
  he buys several of those wallets , cashes it and declares that he himself mined those bitcoins , pays his taxes . 
  possibility to trace it to him -- almost impossible . 
  example 2 : beta orders assassination of alpha , and transfers funds from such wallet to a brand new of the assassin . 
  beta 's wallet was n't ever used and was purchased for this purpose from 3rd party . 
  possibility to trace -- almost impossible , since it 's one use service . 
  example 3 : gamma sells illegal substances using a system of one-time use wallets . 
  possibility of trace -- only through the flow of merchandise . 
  because ways of directing the flows abroad and cashing them there are numerous . 
  and so on . 
  - possibility to trace normal users , being stated previous model of conduct , normal users wo n't use burner wallets , like normal users in the internet do n't use vpn/thor services , at least not in a secure way . 
  therefore one 's wallet can be traced back to it 's owner through merchandise flow by private ( and obviously government 's ) entities . 
  which could lead to scenarios like this one : example 1 : targeting marketing agencies buy vendor 's data of it 's customers id and wallet id . 
  then with a little cross-reference one 's acquisitions history are in the open for best buyer ( which will lead to targeted ads , promotional calls , flyers in the mailbox ... ) . 
  example 2 : one 's value is out in the open , which could lead to targeted theft ( using trojans , password grabbers , etc. . . ) or direct robbery . 
  example 3 : another possibility is the vendor 's malpractice , since there are no valid mechanisms for money-return . 
  obviously for the last two examples there are measures that private initiate tries to adopt , like black-lists . 
  but since there is no international ( and not even national ) regulation , then what can you do ? 
  but if it gets to be regulated it wo n't be bitcoin , probably the governments would create another decentralized system , similar in some aspects but mainly different to bc . 
  how so ? 
  how money was laundered using bitcoin . 
  well it not being illegal form of rent provided a means to acquisition of wallets ( which are anonymous at start ) with already substantial quantities of coins for cash of dubious origin .
