  no , new shipyards were built . 
  but there is also one big in kerch , but i doubt we could build aircraft carriers there ... just too much money to modernize it is needed . 
  but 1/3 in one case and almost 1/2 in another were built in russian shipyards . 
  why not ? 
  the engineering drawings have been transfered and russia by itself builds much bigger and more complicated ships . 
  what is going to be , is more likely russia to improve the designs and start building it 's own version in 2020 or so . 
  india in 2014 requested improve some characteristics of the jet ( engines , stealth capabilities , launchers ) , so the prototypes are being redone . 
  what you posted is just some smoke out of context . 
  because the article is wrong , there are problems with prototype , but people will accept more economical excuse . 
  no , it is relevant , because : 1 . 
  it is normal to have problems and delays in projects of such complexity and magnitude . 
  f-35 and before that f-22 are fine examples of projects of same generation and budget that have experienced and keep experiencing similar problems of budget , schedule and component failure . 
  therefore 1 project is nor representative of whole industry , taking in account the propeties of the project common to similar ones . 
  so you are flaming because `` fuck russia '' ? 
   you guys ca n't even fulfill your current sukhoi t-50 quotas because of money problems , can you ? 
  t-50 development is experiencing similar problems to f-35 development . 
   those ships you 're talking about will be built only if they 're priority they are not , we are not planning to conquer the baltics prior 2020 :p, 
   you 're talking about a state that was unable to finish the aircraft carriers they started to build , and instead sold the unfinished hull to civilians . 
  the aircraft carrier shipyard is in nikolaev ( modern ukraine ) in russia no shipyard of such dimension existed prior recent years . 
  our best shipyards are in nikolaev ( modern ukraine ) . 
  however after the 90 's break russian federation has been building new ships since 15 years ago . 
  most of them are small , but there also nuclear submarines , icebreakers and missile cruisers . 
   no , you ca n't . 
  you 'll need some french help for the technology transfer . 
  it 's already happened . 
   theoretically . 
  1/3 of both ships was bult in russia . 
  by the contracy 2 ships were to be built in francem 2 in russia . 
  main tech for that was already transfered . 
  thanks for the tech and the money . 
  now we can build our own cutting edge analogues . 
  in russia the most popular jokes are about : russians and ukrainians , then jews , then caucasians , then other nations and minorities . 
  obviously . 
  not everyone has 0 integrity . 
   and there is probably not any - significant - scientific value in 100 year old technology anyway the techology is not on the sea bottom , but in the investments into sea research : bathyscaphes , locators , recording and probing devices ... 
  if fearmongering compels to invest in science , then why not ? 
  do n't you like us space program and it 's results ? 
  the crew bodies were retrieved afterwards . 
  the investigation suggests that no help could have saved the crew . 
   according to this article ( in swedish ) regarding a similar case in 1998 when a soviet wwii sub was found , russian praxis is ( was then ) to not retrieve the bodies . 
  because by then the main ideology was scientific atheism . 
  now it is christian orthodoxy . 
   the swedish government is probably wo n't salvage the sub if it is from wwi . 
  if it is small - russian fleet might salvage it with permission from your government . 
  all pr is good pr . 
  if they can retrieve corpses of our fallen warriors - my gratitude to them . 
  it seems i was mistaken , and as other users pointed out nokia only sold part of it 's business to microsoft . 
   everyone feels that europe needs a strong electronics and mobile company to compete against us and asian giants . 
  lets hope this is it . 
  nokia right now is us owned company . 
   ukraine was un member during the soviet reign . 
  as i said there were no precedents to ukrainian state until ukrainian ssr ( 1920 's ) , not until 1991 . 
  it was main line of the soviet union to make ukraine recognized into a founder state of the un , and member of the union . 
   nobody elected lenin when he got the power in october coup of 1917 . 
  i must make you know , that lenin was elected congressman into the ca before october . 
  the reason of the coup was because bolsheviks lost the elections to another left/communist party -- social revolutionaries . 
  in any case lenin was nobody until he gained control during the civil war . 
  that council was precisely like lenin , but in janurary 1917 , when he was nobody , controlled nothing but anyhow had meetings and adopted plans and decisions . 
  the difference is that rada continued to be nobodies during all it 's brief existence . 
  once germans were gone the main players in the territory of modern ukraine were : reds , whites , anarchists and poles with their allies . 
   they 've controlled ukrainian republic . 
  if by control you mean execute german military council ` recommendations ' at all points , then by all means . 
  in fact they had less control than the separatists in donbass right now . 
  next in krakow . 
  let 's see here , during ww1 germans under the lands ( of russian empire ) they occupy create local ` government ' , which mostly are ukrainian nationalists brought from austrian empire . 
  nobody elected those , they did n't control anything at any point . 
  but to reduce resistance against the occupation germans create this so called council or government . 
  that council nominally lasts the same period german occupation lasts from february 1918 until october 1918 . 
  after that the members of the council flee to vinnytsia and continue there , controlling maybe part of the city and surroundings while rest of the territory of the modern ukraine is partaking in russian civil war , not as single entity obviously . 
  regional ssrs are created , then those are purged by the white army , then there are anarchists , then there are main red army and this carnage continues until the victory of the ssrs , which are unified into ukrainian ssr . 
  except the territories that were under polish occupation until 1939 . 
  so you can come with your `` ta-dah ! '', 
  and proclaiming that a 5 months existent council that controlled literally nothing , was not elected but appointed by german officials somehow was in fact independent country ? 
  a faction during russian civil war , in this case one created as a puppet under german occupational forces - when those were gone , so was upr council . 
   afaik the tsarist regime did n't recognise the existence of a ukrainian nation . 
  regime recognized the existence of ukrainian ( called minor-russian ) and belarusian languages/dialects . 
  you can take the census from 1897 and see how much people in each region spoke which , even number of people who spoke greek if you are interested . 
   i was talking about official literature . 
  scripture in ` ukrainian ' exists in small extracts from late medieval times . 
  but the literature starts to be written and published in the second half of xix century , just like i noted before . 
  not in 1920 's . 
  and both in russian and austrian empires . 
  at some point there was a ban in russian empire , but it did n't last . 
  with the particularity i noted before , that those were first intents for creation of a common literature language . 
  so if you take works of somebody like shevchenko -- those are not written in modern ukrainian , but something very similar , at least the originals . 
  what is sold in shops is mostly adapted to modern ukrainian . 
  that is not completely true . 
  in the western ukraine , mostly in lvov there were intents of creation of literature ukrainian since the second half of xix century . 
  in russian empire there was no free and mandatory education . 
  so when communists won the civil war they started to create that system , and not just in russian , but in all languages spoken . 
  the problem with ukrainian , is that there was n't single spoken ukrainian even in 1920 's . 
  to see the root of the problem we have to go the creation of russian language . 
  until xvii century there was n't single russian language , but a bunch of local dialects of eastern slavonic languages , those languages were very a like , with exception of the regions that were under polish rule , and therefore had polish language influence ( duh ) . 
  so when russian literature language starts to bloom in xvii-xviii centuries it formalizes under northern dialect , traditionally spoken in novgorod . 
  because the capital was in saint petersburg at the time . 
  with also some influences of moscovish dialect , from where much elite came . 
  in the xvii-xviii at the same time parts of poland are taken , parts with eastern slavonic speaking population . 
  those parts had different grade of influence of polish , russian and local ` indigenous ' evolution . 
  so at the point of the end of xix century we have russian literature language wide spread among core russia and a dozen of eastern slavonic dialects in the western part of the country . 
  and there have been two major intents of formalizing those dialects in separate languages from the literature russian -- one in modern western ukraine , another in modern belarus .
