  so the commies come and look what languages we are going to teach - and take those and during 20 's people ( and we are not just talking about kids , grown men and women also were offered * and * forced to take basic education ) had to study in the language that the local government decided that it was ` indigenous ' of the territory . 
  except it was n't in most cases . 
  in the 30 's after protests it was already optional to choose the language one and one 's kids are going to study , but only three options : russian , belarusian and ukrainian . 
  belarusian was a failure - because there were several distinct dialects and the purposed literature language was very synthetic of all of them . 
  so people in most cases opted for literature russian . 
  ukrainian was a success , but only in western regions ( from which is was native ) and the middle of the republic , where they spoke a dialect very similar to it . 
  in the east it mostly failed like belarusian , where people simply did n't understand it well . 
  and in the black sea coasts which were people settled from all of the empire -- local version of eastern slavonic dissipated long before the revolution . 
  saying that ukrainian language appeared during lenin 's reign would n't be correct , since ukrainian language is based on the eastern slavonic dialects with the same root as russian language , so it 's the same age . 
  but it indeed firstly appeared in schools , because there were no schools except private/church ones , in which only fraction of the population attended . 
   it 's not like ukraine joined the ussr willingly though . 
  implying ukraine existed prior to the ukrainian ssr . 
  kinda ironic that an englishman finds that ironic . 
  all seems fine to me . 
   romania is way better off without you and communism . 
  the only people that say otherwise are people that are amnesic and do n't remember the food and electricity shortages of the 80 's . 
  in the 80 's there was no system anymore . 
   and when these plans were abandoned , russia deployed missiles ... 
  they never has been abandoned . 
  ha-ha . 
  but aside from jokes do you have any statistics to back that up ? 
  from what i read the trade inside comecon was equilibrated . 
  aside from that some countries like bulgaria received extra aid . 
   imo , there is zero chance billionaire and an old man could let emotions own him and write a post the way it was written . 
  he is not some stupid liberast . 
  so being a billionaire makes you superhuman or something ? 
  if the allegations against him are fake or exaggerated why he stopped financing dynasty . 
  for example , if you are making science happen through a fund , and then government says that you should be transparent about that funds transactions , then what do you do ? 
  do you say `` fuck all this '' i 'm out of here ? 
  or if you really were working for scientific advancement would you mind it at all ? 
  i just do n't understand his logic here . 
  can you explain it to me , since you seem to be his fan or something . 
  for you , but not for me . 
  he could have written than under influence of emotions . 
  it does n't mean it has to be 100 % truth what he wrote neither . 
  why use such foul and emotional language if he was hacked ? 
  it would be 100 % more convincing a tongue slip , then shit-talking . 
  what do you mean fake ? 
  it was on his facebook . 
   why do you think dynasty was used to fund political opposition ? 
  any evidence ? 
  it was initially added to the foreign agents registry because it accepted money from abroad . 
  then the founder ( zimin ) on emotions wrote a post in his facebook . 
  after which he deleted it and said that he was ` hacked ' . 
  the fun thing that he announced in that post that he will stop funding dinasty and it was not known by anyone before it . 
  and in fact he did . 
  in same post he admitted that he used the fund to finance opposition and this is why they go after him . 
   do n't know about the third world countries , but you did exploit the second world countries for their labor and resources . 
  that 's a popular myth among eastern bloc countries . 
  there was trade and the trade was equal under equal conditions . 
  if you have some source to prove otherwise please provide it . 
   yeah , those millions of innocent gulag prisoners worked to death in siberian taiga were clearly on vaccation there . 
  there were innocents in prison and labour camps . 
  but that does n't make them slaves . 
  prison labour was very common back in the day everywhere . 
  right now forces labour is even practised in some states of usa . 
  in all case there was a process be it legal or troika , under which the person was convicted . 
   i doubt we could beat soviet russia decisively enough to secure both ukrainian and belarusian independence . 
  that was never intended . 
  if not why there was no autonomy for already ukrainian and belarussian parts of the country after 1920 ? 
  while in soviet union those were soviet republics with their own governments ? 
   you can also notice that the 1939 borders included significant areas which had a marginal population of ukrainians , russians and belarusians , most notably wilno , \u0141om\u017ca and bia\u0142ystok areas . 
  small areas , except wilno , in which case it was condition of lithuanian integration to the soviet union . 
   it was also completely burned down by a lithuanian raid in 1356 , and then rebuilt from scractch as a polish city . 
  so we burn it , then we rebuild it and it ours ? 
  cool . 
   in 1654-67 war you were already the agressor retaking what is ours = aggressor . 
  while poland while taking what never was theirs = not aggressor . 
  nice logic . 
   yes , you `` can not call it an invasion '' because it was a land inherited 600 years earlier from a ruthenian duchy . 
  kill the rurikovich local dynasty , occupy land , call it inheritance . 
  in any case do n't compare russian-polish border wars with something like european colonialism , napoleon or hitler invasion . 
   nobody was a slave in soviet union what a salad must be in someone 's brain to say that there were slaves in soviet union . 
   yes , it was better for poor ukrainians to be soviet slaves , as holodomor shown . 
  nobody was a slave in soviet union , all were equals with language rights and autonomy . 
  holodmor - was just a famine caused by drought . 
  it affected poland too , you know . 
  '' * i can not use my science fund to fund political opposition anymore , better close it * '' , next day : '' * russian government cracking down on science funds * '' . 
   bulgaria was only axis to save itself from destruction when hitler knocked on the door at the time that the ussr was allies with him . 
  that 's just modern propaganda . 
  your country wanted to do like during ww1 , to switch sides in the last moment , but failed . 
   the occupation of the rest of eastern europe is entirely the product of traditional russian expansionism like traditional russian expansionism and aggression against ottoman empire . 
   there has rarely been as inneficient and broken system in history , you call it perfect . 
  that 's just modern liberal propaganda . 
  soviet countries recovered after the most devastating war in history alone . 
  did n't exploit the third world countries for their labour and resources , gifted billions in aid to such countries , participated in consuming arms race , pioneered in space and science . 
  and even by then had comparable level of live for the median person in the 70 's . 
   and btw , i and all my friends are by far way richer and better off than my parents and all people in this country during communism who were n't party nomenclature . 
  anecdotal evidence can not account for anything . 
  people just live better in 2015 than in 1980 , because there has been 35 years of progress , accumulation of capital and tech advancement . 
  you take the standards of life of the late 70 's , take the median data and compare . 
   i thank capitalism every day and spit at the memmory of the disgusting social experiment brough here by the invading asiatic barbarians . 
  such effective propaganda , we should have invested more money in movies . 
   of course we were the agressor !, 
  we even dared to take such `` historically russian '' cities like warsaw , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a or lublin !, 
  indeed you were . 
  pilsudski troops even [ took kiev ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/85/pbw_june_1920.png/1280px-pbw_june_1920.png ) and minsk and were n't meant to stop there . 
  you can even overlap modern borders of ukraine and belarus and see that those are the same of the 1939 ` invasion ' which in fact was retaking land populated by ukrainians , russians and belarussians . 
  warsaw , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a or lublin were not disputed by soviet union . 
   yeah , especially the city of lw\u00f3w , which never had anything to do with russia before that point actually lvov was founded by russian/ukrainian prince daniel of galicia .
