all those were called russians/ruthenians back then , duh . 
  you are aware that france has like 20 % of catalan territory ? 
  in 17th century ? 
  originally populated by russians/ukrainians even back then ? 
  they also took kiev at first stages of the war , and even wanted to take lands that never were part of commonwealth like black sea coast . 
  they also took vilnius btw . 
  the famine in poland was a severe as in soviet union . 
  or do you think that there were so much empty land to begin with that over 600 thousands osadniks from poland just came and setteled with no problems ? 
  while the pun is funny , poland conquered in 1920 territories of ex-russian empire in which poles were less than 5-10 % ( the rest were ukrainians , russians , belarussians , jews and others ) . 
   it 's cold as fuck seems warm by me . 
  these blades are too dry !, 
   underwhelming . 
  sorry , but you said russia is an it giant and as a proof you list a few open source projects actually i provided a link that states the sector numbers just 4-5 times polish it sector ( which i presumed you knew the size of ) . 
  most of russian muslims are tatars ( at least nominally , in fact only half profess the religion ) , but in moscow are mostly internal migrants from caucasus and external from central asia who profess islam . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://russoft.org/docs/?doc=2531 ) . 
  in any case if we talk about it industry specifically ( without hardware , which is also developed in russia ) there world known companies like yandex , kaspersky lab , yota , there are also less known companies focused on corporation software like 1c . 
  there are around dozen linux or openbsd distributions which are periodically updated , there is the controversed reactos , several world used server software like nginx , user-grade software like winrar or 7zip , far manager ... 
  i just ca n't remember everything from the head . 
  i 'm sure there is some peace of software that you use at work or home that has been made in russia , just you do n't know about it . 
  i was dissapointed with hatred , it was like postal 1 with no puns :(, 
  while polish game-sector is doing better than russian one in the last 5-7 years ( our game developers started a migration process because of the crisis , the best going to us and the mediocre to ukraine and belarus ) . 
  you can not compare our it sectors in general , it would be like comparing a dwarf and a giant . 
   is partly funded by the kremlin so financing at some point means controlling ? 
  interesting how people who write such articles will later insist russian opposition and some ngos which receive money from abroad are totally not controlled by western powers and act in interests of russian people . 
  some [ private fund ] ( http://anti-global.ru ) organizing a conference in moscow = russia organizing a conference . 
  what a fine example of unbiased journalism . 
  being dispersed by either police or thugs ? 
   european energy firms agree to expand nord stream pipeline with gazprom = = =  this , after all the pipelines in the south were cancelled = = =  there is no european solidarity on energy security ; romania , ukraine , poland and v4 , etc , the entire eastern block is betrayed and weakened and threatened geopolitically by russian gas flow . 
  so eu interests now are keeping the old pipe system , so the eastern europeans could get ` free money ' via transit prices inspite of whole european interests in the new pipes ? 
  nice concept of solidarity you have there . 
  silly niemcy , it 's their fault in the first place . 
  ` roosters ' is the lowest cast in jail system . 
  those who in us are getting all the action in the showers as the recieving party . 
  most likely some ukrainian created those , and later translated them to english . 
  however very funny from my point of view . 
  ' [ vandalism ] ( http://www.zakonrf.info/uk/214/ ) ' ( 214 cc-rf ) in russian criminal code is not in the list of hate crimes , that would be article 282 of the cc . 
  there is however criminal aggravating circumstance for it , that if vandalism is commited by a group of people for ideological reason the punishment is more severe . 
  i requere more slavonic mods to represent my interests . 
  maybe someone from slovakia or czechia . 
  said they need 500 millions and the mistake would be ... 
  in worst case scenario you will have two tunnels . 
   you might be joking but they were spreading the notion that if the eu rejects catalonia independence they should offer a port in the mediterranean ... . to the chinese navy . 
  this on tv3 which is the rt news of the independence movement . 
  my idea about this all , is that catalans should learn from ukrainian history ( the 90 's mainly ) and vote `` no '' in the referendum if there will be any at all . 
  you are aware of the differences in the legal statuses of territorial waters and exclusive economic zone ? 
  clearly sounds like some oppressed minorities you have there . 
  small non-nato country with non-existent army and those attractive warm-water ports ... mmm ... 
  i totally support your cause , do you want some russian minorities to go with that ? 
  breakdown by numbers : - assad government : 178.000 - opposition : about 150.000 - daesh : 30.000 - 100.000 - ypg ( kurds ) : 70.000 did you just added up moderate opposition ( fsa ) numbers with al-qaeda , islamic front and other funny guys ? 
  fsa now ( not in 2013/2014 ) at best have 50 000 men , they do n't have aviation , they barely have artillery and heavy armour . 
  other estimates may give them even less : 5 000 - 7 000, 
   the russian experience in afghanistan would suggest otherwise , they failed to support the ruler and a minor power eventually took control of the country . 
  i would n't say that . 
  before soviet intervention the dra ( official government , btw ) controlled maybe half of the provinces . 
  soon after the intervention most parts of the country where under central government . 
  soviet union , united states and pakistan agreed in 1988 to stop financing the sides of the conflict , and also su extracted it 's forces from the country . 
  in spite of the the financing continued by other channels ( through pakistan mostly ) leading the the destruction in 1992 and turned afghanistan into a failed state . 
  taliban came to power much later precisely fighting small factions of rough ex-dra generals and mojahedins . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frww8m0st2a ) , do n't need a commentary even . 
   the moves risked further inflaming the conflict and worsening the current refugee crisis are you implying that the conflict is going to solve it for itself somehow ? 
  there are right now two main factions in syria : assad loyalists and isis . 
  and two minor forces : kurds and some opposition forces that rejected isis . 
  minor forces do n't stand a chance of gaining control of all syria . 
  so it 's either assad or isis . 
  so which one 's hypothetical victory will worsen current refugee crisis ? 
  it 's just like from that fffuuu comic that i saw the other day and wo n't post here because of the rules . 
   whats the ukrainian version of a kremlinbot ? 
  when radio liberty had similar problem in 2012 -- there was significant scandal and everyone were enraged with it ( the radio is us - funded and is openly against current government ) . 
  those are valid points , but there also others . 
   the complete decimation of the red army during his purges left it without proper leadership . 
  the purge was a bad thing for the army , but imagine a military coup just before or during the war ? 
  how devastating it could have been . 
  so at least in the aspect of the defence it is not quite clear . 
   then the carving up of eastern europe with the germans removed ussr 's buffer between them and the reich and created the large common border whence the invasion came . 
  i agree with that , it was a mistake think , that soviet union has yet another 2-3 years before the war with nazi germany , it would be much easier just declare it to them when they invaded poland . 
  so poland willingly or not ( they sabotage all defence pact proposal by the soviet union towards france and uk ) would be our ally and we would just crush reich before they got their hands on the rest of western europe human and industrial potential . 
  but it was n't imaginable at the time that world potency like france would be crushed so fast and uk to only symbolically assist them , the soviet government expected the war to carry on for at least a couple years . 
   then the decision to aboandon the 3 line defence and put most of the army on that border , so the wehmacht can directly crash into it . 
  you clearly read a lot , but did n't had a look at the map . 
  those lines of defence had more distance between the lines than most countries have in width from east to west . 
  i can not see an error here , the only problem would be the lack of readiness for the blitz krieg strategy . 
   then the refusal to believe the numerous reports from mocow 's spies of the impending barbarossa . 
  it 's a myth popularized by solzhenitsyn , i think . 
  in reality the army was in complete readiness , just not for blitz . 
  btw that myth has a counter-myth that soviet army actually was too active and by that provoked nazi germany attack . 
  sometimes you can even see in russian forums the same anti-soviet propagandist tell both of them at different times . 
   then the decision to keep shooting capable commanders who did n't stand their ground to be surrounded , but pulled their units instead . 
  i can keep going for a while ... any call can be called a bad call , since there can be numerous options , in that case it 's also not that clear . 
  the generals and commanders must obey centre , because they do n't always know the big picture . 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  you are commander of a division , a division that is going to be sacrificed for the sake of tactical advantage . 
  we are going to place enemy army in a sack and we need you to first defend a point to the last men , and then if you are successful -- retreat at specific time under orders . 
  you are not informed about the great plan , only you duty . 
  so you start to defend what seems undefendable point and lose half your group -- you retreat against orders and before time and by that you fuck up the encirclement tens of thousands soldiers more die because of your error of judgement . 
  or you could defend the point , lose half your men , but decide not to retreat , again against orders from above . 
  the enemy decides to retreat and slips outside the encirclement before it closes . 
  again you have sacrificed half your men for nothing in the end . 
  obviously you will be executed for such act , but your family and even comrades ( who did n't know the plan ) could glorify you long after your death as a hero , you were n't . 
   if i was a conspiracy nut i 'd almost believe stalin was a german agent - he basically did everything possible to enable the catastrophe that was the german invasion . 
  he should be hated for this alone , even if we forgot his own murder of soviet citizens .
