  there some pictures of said buk being transported , that 's all . 
  the publisher of the videos/reporter just says whatever narrative he wants . 
  about buk 312 i already [ posted link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2kcot_sa ) before . 
   they had the means and the mindset ( and there 's proof of them claiming responsibility after the fact ) for shooting down the plane . 
  discussion ends . 
  you got quite emotional did n't you ? 
  if so we indeed should end the discussion . 
  but it must be stated , that it was not proven : 1 ) they had means for it . 
  2 ) they claimed anything . 
   nevermind the fact that the ua was explicitly not assaulting the area that the plane came down in , because they wanted the osce to get to it before the rebels could pillage it . 
  from where that information comes from ? 
  every single source states that ukrainian forces started offensive on 20 's july . 
  you can see it on the [ official maps ] ( http://mediarnbo.org/category/maps/page/29/ ) . 
  you can see it in / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  ukrainian army in first days of august even took the area of crash . 
   but of course , the rebels pillaged with the site and we saw russians using the id and credit cards of the dead . 
  of course , how one is supposed to prevent the pillage by the locals when being pushed in all directions by the ukrainian army . 
  what does it prove ? 
  or you are implying that they shot down a civilian aircraft to steal credit cards ? 
   which is wrong . 
  you are comparing an untrained militia - people who are described as literal farmers and labourers - to professional soldiers . 
  you mean current draft service recruits vs ex-recruits . 
   you are also disregarding - rather purposefully , i imagine - the fact that the ua had no reason to be wary of any air support because the rebels did n't have any , whereas the rebels had every reason to . 
  was n't like russia supposed to invade any moment ? 
   nevermind the fact that the rebels posted pictures on social media of the crash , claiming responsibility for it , and taunting the ua with threats to `` keep clear of our skies '' except the person to who it is attributed ( strelkov/girkin ) a month prior to that stated that the only social media account he has was in the antikvar forum . 
  so it is unknown who publishes under [ strelkov_info ] ( http://vk.com/strelkov_info ) . 
  btw girkin left ukraine since last summer , but the messages in the account keep coming ( mostly reposts from other sources ) . 
   there were later images of a rebel-held buk in the region being transported towards the russian border as i stated above , those images are tainted by sbu claim about the buk number 312 which was claimed to be russian , but resulted to be ukrainian and just being evacuated . 
   including forcing the osce and independent investigators to wait for days hundreds of yards from the crash site while they acted without oversight upon it because [ ukrainian army advanced in that pocket ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-8hgzv51asis/u9x361bfu6i/aaaaaaaabjq/11ppfjvdhg8/s1600/donbass+27+07+2014.jpg ) . 
   the simplest conclusion from all of this is that the rebels were at fault and that moscow is running coverage for their actions . 
  why not just execute a couple of scapegoats then and be done with it ? 
  there would be 2 in 2 probable versions : 1 ) it was an accident . 
  what are the probabilities of side a vs side b to commit such mistake ? 
  on one side we have insurgents who are not competent enough to use buk-m1 , but somehow know how to turn it on , lock it on target and fire the missile . 
  so they by error fire a missile on a civilian aircraft . 
  on another side have incompetent ukrainian aa specialists who the last serious life-training they had was in 2001 when they shot down russian civilian plane killing 78 people . 
  i 'd say it 's 50/50 . 
  2 ) it was on purpose . 
  on one side we have russian/insurgent forces who were fed misinformation that mh17 in reality was ukrainian military transport plane , so they shot it on purpose . 
  on another side we have ukrainian forces who seeing the victory close desired to discredit any pro-russian force and label them as terrorist in future ( after their imminent victory ) and forbid such movements forever . 
  so they shot a civilian plane and blamed it all on the rebels . 
  what are the probabilities ? 
  do n't know and do n't want to know . 
  what are the probabilities between accident and intentional slaughter ? 
  also do n't know and do n't wan na know . 
  why i want to see final reports ? 
  because there have been no non-contaminated evidence of the rebels even possessing a buk system . 
  so at least to entertain certain versions i would like to be feed more information . 
   you can spin an outcome borne from reason all you want , but the reason that you ca n't smother it is because it is the most sound , likely one . 
  based on what ? 
  state those reasons that makes is the most sound , likely one . 
   the mentioned sources such as reuters , bbc and nyt are transparent and do not follow a certain agenda . 
  then the discussion would be forever if one source is truth-worthy or not and russian side will present their sources and other will present theirs . 
   do not confuse bias on account of personal conviction and subjectiveness while striving for factual reporting and fair commentary with an agenda and cunning . 
  big difference . 
  what is russia today then ? 
  biased or agenda-driven fake generator ? 
   this is a conspiracy theory . 
  exactly what the kremlin is spreading . 
  conspiracy theories . 
  was conspiracy theory to assume that the claim about saddam regime to posses wmd was fabricated ? 
  in general , accusation of conspiracy theories is a fallacy , because it avoids even entering the subject . 
  there are some crazy hypothesis out there , but those are crazy because - they do n't posses factual basis and they take lots of leaps of faith . 
  saying that all mass media have an agenda ( beside the one of publishing news ) is not a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's just simple basis of which we must part so we can have civilized discussion without authoritative arguments . 
   they are anticipating a full russian invasion , so they take potshots at a single unidtentified target ? 
  this is exactly the kind of thing i have been talking about . 
  outlandish ( conspiracy - ) theories to bury the truth . 
  i did n't say that . 
  i simply stated that they had active aa systems in range . 
   nope . 
  the kremlin even presented supposed `` radar evidence '' of a jet fighter . 
  now you are making shit up as i stated in another reply :  it went with jet story in a sense that it is only russian version . 
  and they went to critique it . 
  while there were no mentions of that russian military presented the following : 3 systems of ukrainian buk active and detected on russian radars in range to shoot mh17 . 
  a fighting jet in vicinity on radar . 
  a second jet/ufo which later resulted to be part of mh17 . 
  all the above was stated in [ the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzwfdfekubw ) : jet , probable second jet , buk signatures . 
  western media after that meeting almost never mentions that there was a claim about 3 ukrainian buk systems in range . 
  they just assumed the version with jet ( which never was claimed , it was implied , as well as version with ukrainian buks ) as being russian official story . 
   and smart russians know that the russian press ist mostly bullshit . 
  smart russians know that all press is bullshit . 
   so if smart russians do n't speak english , they , again , will have to turn to reading between the lines . 
  or you know ... having internet connection . 
  because you know , ukrainian media also publishes in russian ( in fact most of the editions ) and those russians who are interested know everything is being said in discussed on the other side of the conflict can read it . 
   the odds of it being anyone other than the people we all suspect it being are so astronomically small you 'd need to be face-fucking the hubble to see them . 
  you all suspect because the media has repeated from the day 1 : `` putin killed my children '' . 
  there is no point of talking to someone who is basing his opinion on emotions rather than facts . 
   your argument then is that the ukrainian army , trained to use and operate these aa guns and `` anticipating a russian invasion '' then failed to identify a plane in their own airspace flying from west to east ? 
  britzer said there were no ukrainian buk in range to do it , because rebels had no aircraft . 
  i shown him that it was n't the case . 
  i have no intention of discussing who really shot mh17 , because i do n't know and i 'm looking forward to read the commission 's report and the reactions from people that understand more than i do in those matters . 
  ** edit : ** and if it was ukrainian military it was not an accident , rather planned provocation . 
   the western media went never for that jet story . 
  it went with jet story in a sense that it is only russian version . 
  and they went to critique it . 
  while there were no mentions of that [ russian military presented ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzwfdfekubw ) the following : 1 . 
  3 systems of ukrainian buk active and detected on russian radars in range to shoot mh17 . 
  a fighting jet in vicinity on radar . 
  a second jet/ufo which later resulted to be part of mh17 .
