  now most of the countries do n't carry such statistics in tons , but thanks to vat we can know the amount of money spent on apples in each one . 
  we deduct imports , add exports and there we have the price of all apples produces in national currency . 
  then we have a choice . 
  we can convert those sums of money into a single currency using market exchange rate or , since the prices of apples might vary significantly among the countries , we could estimate the weight in tons using average price for each and the compare the real production . 
  the second sounds more sane , does n't it ? 
  now under same model we want to know which country produces most hats and apples . 
  now it 's more complicated since hats are meassured in units and apples in weight . 
  and if we want to compare even more types of product and even services , then it will get more and more complicated . 
  therefore the easiest solution is to compare all of the same , but using the prices of one country ( usa normally ) for everything . 
  so to compare countries economies in size that 's whats is done . 
  because this way you compare product to product and service to service ( at least in estimates ) instead of comparing raw amounts of national currencies under many times imbalanced exchange rate . 
  on the map , the clearest example of why ppp is needed can be seen when comparing ukraine and spain -- same population and 13 ( thirteen ) times the difference . 
  obviously there needs to be some sort of correction . 
  make one of gdp ppp , i want to see motherland more relevant . 
  it 's not just the rapes and harassment , it 's the initial intent of silencing the incident and preventing the public knowledge of it by the administration and some mainstream media . 
  no , in most cases it 's the fall . 
  you strike someone in the head -- you risk a knockdown/knockout . 
  the brain suffers concussion and the victim falls without control on the ground . 
  and a fall with head against a corner or a concrete floor will be much stronger that a human can possibly hit . 
  and that 's exactly what i saw on the video - the man is hit in left cheek and falls like a trunk backwards . 
  probably the fall caused death . 
  so if you gon na hit someone in the head - grab his collar or clothes . 
  may look much more vicious but might prevent major damage . 
   that was n't a well planned maneuver . 
  it was a clusterfuck of bad planning and special interests , and the only thing they could n't fuck up themselves were russian launchers . 
  and that 's what they were left with in the end . 
  no , space shuttle project looked great on paper and even performed well initially . 
  it 's just nobody knew that the materials-science is not capable to produce components for multiple-uses spacecrafts yet . 
  that 's why roscosmos-esa kliper got posponed indefenitly . 
  and nasa could have rushed the production of their older rockets , but it would cost much more money than hiring roscosmos to service iss practically alone . 
   this is n't a bash against soviet rocket technology - you guys produced good stuff back then , so good that ula did n't even want to try to build something better until spacex came around . 
  what is used is no longer soviet ( unless you speak of those old engines used in some launches ) . 
  roscosmos is just reluctant to change the name unless it 's complely new project ( like angara ) . 
  spacex on other hand -- is good news against stagnation . 
  but elon musk walks on thin ice . 
  as i stated before , reusable spacecrafts is not something that science is capable to produce on current stage , at least not as economically efficient as disposable ones . 
  for example , the tech for saving first-stage engines exists since 60 's - nobody uses it , tech for reusable drone-busters since 80 's - the same . 
  it 's much cheaper and safer to have a continuos line of production , than fix the same device not knowing where and when it will give up . 
  but i hope spacex will prove me wrong . 
  but you ca n't have absolute advantage in everything . 
  look the example of nasa who instead of rushing their own rocket industry hired roscosmos for a decade while investing money in the nextgen rockets ( their own and private ) and other projects . 
   i 'd gladly pay an esa tax if it means we could beat the americans and the chinese to mars . 
  what if that would mean that significant part of this money would go to roscosmos ? 
  russian hipsters that do n't like ` belarusian ' analogues . 
  the designation of origin is important . 
  as i read it on reddit somewhere -- that depends on the state and the population size of the city . 
  but pigs dont have boots !, 
  sounds like russia . 
   even several czars had a big chunk well if you consider 99 % a big chunk , then of course . 
   a large part of the upper nobility of czarist russia was of german origin lower . 
  upper nobility with exception of a few princes/royals that migrated from france/austria were locals . 
  almost all nobles either take root from rurik ( founder of rus ) or gediminas ( founder of lithuania ) . 
   crimea is not a russia or ukraine anymore , is a grey area where nobody will * ever * work define nobody . 
  do you really think anyone going to use this service in russia anyway ? 
  people just enter kinopoisk ( russian imdb ) , adjust their search-preferences and then go torrent trackers or dd sites anyway . 
  well if you consider it like , a bridge of friendship between finn-ural people , then ok . 
  people in states are submerged in their own business and problems . 
  most of them have very little idea about what happens outside their country unless mainstream media starts to force some topic . 
  for example , many follow what happens in syria , but most of the people have 0 idea what is happening in yemen . 
  therefore answering your question : if mainstream media starts forcing any topic with certain judgemental values present -- significant part of the population will start sharing this view if it fits their general ideology . 
  in case of this opinion piece , it fits perfectly majority of gop voters and a part of democrat voters . 
  so if a person has no strong stance of privacy and thinks that snowden is a traitor , then after reading a couple of these articles will start to think in the course of presented narrative . 
  bulgaria would be regional power . 
  do n't mind him , it 's just an opinion piece by a neocon . 
  old brainless neocon . 
   which really helps if their gun is stolen or their mental state changes over time ... or once the original owner dies ... what would prevent his family or neighbours reporting it ? 
  how is it different from already existing hunting guns licenses ? 
   you 'd have to do spot inspections on people 's houses to ensure that they 're using them no , as i see it , if in any case it is discovered that while at home the gun was n't on the person or in the safe -- would mean lifetime ban from possession of such weapons . 
   how ? 
  you 'd have to do something like giving every bullet a unique serial number and having the buyer fill in a form for each bullet fired . 
  utterly impractical and easily circumvented . 
  register the ammo sales , make the owners bring used shells for ` recycling ' . 
  the shooting ranges should provide their own ammo , therefore limiting personal use to very limited situations . 
   would the overall annual death toll due to both criminal use of firearms and the need for police to always carry decrease ? 
  almost certainly not . 
  the police should carry -- what is done with police unable to carry in uk is insane imho . 
  your points center around two main questions : 1 ) what if the holder of a carry license goes insane and it is a solid point , i give you that . 
  obviously one person who lost his or her mind could do much more damage with a gun than with a knife or a machete . 
  the only way would be preventive checks , reporting by family or neighbours . 
  but right now it 's no different as if a person with a hunting license goes postal . 
  probably if more people would have licences that would mean that there is higher probability , but nevertheless it 's not something that happens more frequent that a couple times in a decade . 
  at least in russia , as corrupt as our country is . 
  and the usa would be another business , because they mostly do n't check people 's mental health and automatic weapons are a possibility in many states . 
  in switzerland -- where almost everyone has a gun at home , yet such tragedies are very rare . 
  2 ) the criminals would have easier access to guns that point ignores the existence of global black market of weapons completely . 
  while in fact anyone who wants a gun , unless it 's some young stupid punk -- can purchase it illegally . 
  unfortunatly our version of this game uses a [ paddle ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mn0ecck.jpg ) . 
   did you read anything what i said about going to sweden via land . 
  no , i have n't seen this message , sorry . 
  anyhow the easiest solution would be the ony exists between poland and kaliningrad ( russia ) -- we adopt visa-free passage for those who live in petersburg for finland and estonia . 
  for all estonians and finns to visit petersburg for a limited period of time . 
  under that - the introduction of biometric passport for easier return of our people to us if they stay too long ( deportation ) . 
  a tunnel would be cool , but i do n't see how that investment can be returned ever , unless you place prohibitive toll , that would cost almost the same as taking the boat . 
  i remember a video -- one guys car stopped by a policeman and a bat comes from the backseat so the policeman asks : - what is this ? 
  do you play ? 
  - eeerrr ... yes i do . 
  - how many points they award for a solo home-run ? 
  - eeerrr ... 3 ? 
  - nope . 
  ** edit ** : was searching for the video , found [ another ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhtd334w2iy ) : '' ` you play baseball ? ',
