  with your * speech talents * i do n't doubt you could justify anything . 
  while i 'm not justifying anything , neither i ask for a justification for such conduct . 
  strukkstar asked a question ( do n't know if sincere or not , depends on his age ) , and i gave him honest explanation . 
  to the provisional government . 
   why do they dislike latvia ? 
  the same discrimination as it was in estonia in the 90 's . 
  the same story with no passports for ethnic russians . 
  but with wider extent . 
  * + * prosecution of soviet war veterans , while glorifying latvian legion ss . 
  they even have official march for nazi veterans and supporters on march 16 . 
  that would make many people 's blood boil in russia . 
  then there is a snowballing effect too . 
  the vicious cycle of hatred keeps on turning . 
   i highly doubt they really care about that , since getting an estonian citizenship will make russia demand a visa from you for visiting . 
  i 'm talking about the 90 's . 
  then it snowballed . 
  also latvians , like 4/5 people that i met who do n't like estonians is because they do n't like balts in general , because of the latvians . 
  because after estonia became independent in the 90 's you did n't give the citizenship to all of the residents automatically . 
  leaving over 300 000 ethnic russians ( half of them ) as stateless people . 
   no thanks . 
  then why intervene in 2011 in first place . 
  it would still be boring secular dictatorship with gaddafi family in control right now . 
  libya is a special case because of the extra-limitation in the use of force during 2011 intervention . 
  nato countries have responsibilities because of that . 
  you can not just do half-measures and then stand aside trying to avoid waves of refugees . 
  also gaddafi by different estimates between 70 and 150 billions euros in western banking accounts . 
  that money was frozen and i 'm sure somebody is trying to snatch it , if it has n't been done already . 
  in any case it is also nato and secco countries responsibility to secure that the people of libya get the benefits and restoration . 
  at least in that quantity . 
   turkey actually has real opposition parties in parliament . 
  nobody takes cprf seriously anymore :( * i guess [ why ] ( http://i.imgur.com/od0vu9v.jpg ) ? 
  the best way to stop illegal immigration would be : 1 ) provide necessary funds to libya ( around 100bn euro ) to restore the country after a civil war ; 2 ) impose under un secco mandate a provisional government until fair elections can be done . 
  vote for chp plox . 
  because many other `` liberal '' sites already bashed and laughed about those processors . 
  by the way , meduza is quite wrong , because elbrus-4c is not 50gflops processor , at least not in the same way intel core i7-975 , because first gen. i7 is estimated over 50gflops in x64 , while 4c gets 50gflops in x32 . 
  when used for x64 architecture it 's measure is obviously 25gflops ( [ source ] ( http://www.mcst.ru/mikroprocessor-elbrus4s ) ) . 
  while there is no mention of elbrus-8c ( 28nm ) , which will be produced at the end of this year and will be more powerful that the previous generation of intel xeon ( will have version with over 1000gflops ) . 
   when there 's no shame in ` made in russia ' why russia 's ` homegrown ' laptop , flash drive , and other tech is n't half as bad as it seems meduza meduza not bashing something made in russia ? 
  strange . 
  you the role model for us all . 
  well you should try to understand . 
  i 'm not saying justify , but understand ... understanding is very important so you can later can convince people and propagate your own ideas . 
  i agree with you -- g20 is best format right now . 
  wow , spacex will be at their second or third iteration of reusable engines then . 
  it is very difficult to create vertical landing segment . 
  because : 1 . 
  it has been done and tested by nasa in the early 90 's but the development stopped for some reason . 
  so i suppose that spacex is making this tech from scratch . 
  slight change of conditions like strong wind or humidity can stop the continuity of the launches . 
  but the concept of continua launches like we see in the [ video that u5k0 posted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv29pevzvzw ) is also untrue/exagerated , because before consecutive start the engine has to undergo extensive tests ( weeks of work ) . 
  while the drone type of rocket with propelled horizontal landing is quite easy because : 1 . 
  drone tech ( with automated landings ) exists since the late 70 's and has been improved considerably since then . 
  unlike the title says it is not new tech ( from 2010 ) - esa and roscosmos has been developing returning boosters and engines at least [ since 2001 ] ( http://www.buran.ru/htm/strbaik.htm ) while the first modular rockets with returning engines ( using parachutes ) has been tested since soviet times . 
  i also do n't believe that it will take until 2030 to test the recovery technology . 
  since angara ( roscosmos ) has been first tested last year and we already see in the photos , that baikal modules are being built ( [ in the back ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w3wabej.jpg ) ) . 
  but it wo n't be until late 2016 at best , because [ plesetsk cosmodrome ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plesetsk_cosmodrome ) does n't have necessary landing strips . 
  but [ vostochny ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vostochny_cosmodrome ) will have all that is necessary elements for that ( including a strip for international airport ) . 
  so it is highly probably that if the system does n't get cancelled - it will be tested before 2020 . 
  and after that it will be transferred to the ~ ~ french ~ ~ esa under esa-roscosmos partnership . 
  but is n't there / r/polska live and well ? 
  wow , i also can into typemagic : r  \u042f n  \u0418 and for the grand finale : \u00d1  \u0419, 
  imagine russia recognizes transnistria tomorrow and makes military alliance with it , like it happened with south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  what then ? 
   oppressed bulgarian minority in budjak !, 
  first they take budjak , then they will demand a land bridge there . 
  also programmers from russia , belarus and ukraine will work for food and promise of eu work permission . 
   it 's almost impossible to distinguish russian , belarusian and ukrainian . 
  the accent . 
  also many ukrainians have larger noses , do n't know why . 
  i like that book . 
  also , bbiwy . 
  we love caucasus , but people on other hand ... 
  are you prepared for 2016 tourism season ? 
  how would you welcome your new orthodox overlords ? 
  like during soviet times ... a little soviet belarus in middle of europe < 3, 
  the exorcist -- russian pope version . 
   sure , violating a signed ratified treaty is not against the law . 
  memorandum is not a treaty . 
  if you not competent enough to pick up a book o international law and check it up , like i recommended before - there is nothing else to talk about . 
   were do you get your numbers from ? 
  you can read it in another [ wiki article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_prisoners-of-war_in_the_soviet_union_after_1939 ) . 
  total number of captives was around 600k , then some number was given to germany , around 200k instantly set free ( mostly farmers who were disarmed ) . 
  the rest transported into the soviet union for either temporal internship , labour camps or a trial . 
  it is estimated that around 15000 were trialled and executed ( but not in katyn ) . 
  others were mobilized for polish army under soviet control when nazi germany attacked . 
  part of them did n't want to serve under soviet leadership and was transferred to british forces through iran . 
   a little research in independant scientific channels will reveal that mortality did not increase during the great depression . 
  it is difficult extrapolate from that data , because the mortality rate started to fell drastically since the late xix because of medicine advancements ( first antibiotics ) , hygiene , better food rendering ... 
  the aggregate data can not show up , particular social groups slip through the cracks in methodology , so the loss of population is estimated in change in tendency -- this is the way how the victims of the 30 's famine were estimated in soviet union , and later the same methodology was applied to the famine in us . 
   clear whitewashing of stalin . 
  under stalin policies still more than 800 000 people were executed for political reasons and a dozen millions went through labour camps ( around 10 % died there ) . 
  no whitewash can undo that . 
   katyn is an open and shut case . 
  not for many russians , because for those who are interested in history - it is a very weird case and russian politicians were pressured to admit soviet union responsibility by their polish peers . 
  while there are some archive notes directing to start trials against polish captives , it does n't prove that nkvd just shot everyone in a specific camp , a camp that was taken over by nazi forces in 1941 and in 1943 when soviet union started to push back and recruit poles suddenly discovered piles of bodies . 
  as german press would describe it - around 10000 bodies in common graves . 
  after the recovery of smolensk - only less than 2000 bodies were recovered and the autopsy revealed the use of specific german ammo ( 7.65 mm ) in some cases . 
  so the opinion that is supported , that among over 600k polish captives - around 15000 were indeed trialled and executed ( therefore note presented ) , but it does n't refer to katyn massacre . 
   eastern europe tends to be different , since they suffered under soviet rule for a much longer time and much more recent . 
  this is what we see in those eastern european countries , even the communist parties get forbidden .
