  the town itself had important polish majority , but all the villages around it were ukrainian . 
   the border was stable since 1667 , and after you retook smolensk and conquered kiev you even signed the `` eternal peace '' with us . 
  the border never was stable . 
  is just in 1667 poland reached it maximum of russian lands conquered and after this point you just shrank . 
   for example the lw\u00f3w area was a part of poland since 1340 , and ussr conquered it in 1939 . 
  lvov was part of poland ( after you assassinated it 's heirs btw ) and stopped being in 1794 . 
  but that would be only truth for lvov . 
  in any case it is disputed land , you can not call this invasion . 
  ** edit : ** did you just rewrote all you original message ? 
   i do n't recal bulgaria invading russia even once , but i do recal our country declared war against , occupied and fucked for 45 years by moscow . 
  erm ... bulgaria was part of the axis coalition . 
  bulgaria intervened against communists during russian civil war . 
   same goes for most of eastern europe . 
  those are results of a war we did n't initiate . 
  and down with that victim complex of ` invasion ' -- you were ruled by your own elites , communists , but state economy is the most perfect system in existence . 
  your corrupt opportunists lied to you in 80 's that if you switch the system to open market you will instantly be rich . 
  then when after 5 years the situation has worsen the method became -- blame the communists . 
  10 after that -- the same . 
  20 -- the same . 
  in 30 years it will still be the same . 
  countries destroyed during the war recovered in 5-10 years , but the fault of eastern europe economical problems is the planned economy that ended almost 30 years ago . 
  ffs, 
   no , all the wars i have selected were primarily about destroying the existence of the polish state . 
  in 1919 polish newly reborn state was the aggressor -- taking in many cases lands that were historically : 1 ) russian/ukrainian/belarussian 2 ) had in many cases insignificant polish minorities such invasion and posterior mistreatment of the local non-polish population caused the creation of radical elements among the ukrainian nationalists and the unfortunate consequences after that . 
  in 1939 those territories were simply retaken . 
   conquering lands lost 600 years earlier by a country whose connection to russia was loose at best was somewhere between a convenient casus belli and an added bonus at most . 
  the border was swifting to one side or another since 1300 's to 1794 , not 600 . 
  initially 1300-1612 towards east , and 1654-1784 towards west again . 
  the 600 years talk is non-sense . 
   yeah , those 1792 , 1794 , 1919 and 1939 western invasions of russia ... oh , wait . 
  in all cases it was about western ukraine and belarus -- historically part of medieval rus . 
  you can not call invasion a war over historically disputed lands . 
   there 's no one europe has needed to defend itself from since 1944 more than russia . 
  curiously it was another way around , western europe invading russia at all historical points . 
   russia creating a shield around europe is like letting the wolf build the sheep-pen fence . 
  then they should openly say at first that the shield is mainly created against russia , not iran or any other bs . 
   uhm , about that missile shield : was n't it to destroy iranian rockets carrying nukes ? 
  there has been a treaty , you know ? 
  it never was . 
  the bs was detected once russia purposed to create common shield program for whole of europe and it was rejected . 
   in 2018 russia will have iskanders in kaliningrad aimed to our territory . 
  nobody spoke about iskanders in kaliningrad before the missile shield plans were revealed . 
  also that shield would not protect against tactical missiles such as iskanders . 
   all i hear about chechnya and chechens is really bad . 
  chechnya right now is the most fascist place of russia , for good or bad -- among many countless innocents also the worst people from there ( religious extermists , bandits , mass-murderers ) left as refugees to other countries . 
   the problem for russia is that the debt is owed in foreign currency ( generally dollars ) . 
  can you source % of our public debt owned in foreign currency ? 
   ( cant make meme arrows on ipad ) on the second screen of the special characters, 
  you can call a debt trap , when you have more than 100 % gdp size public debt . 
  how can bloomberg call a 4 % of the gdp regional debt ( which is third of all our public debt ) a trap ? 
  much has been written , but like goebbels once coined : * if you repeat a lie often enough , it becomes the truth * . 
  astroturfing agencies exist since the beginning of the internet . 
  there might or might not be such agency in olegino , there are for sure several in russia , those target russian speaking news commentaries sections . 
  but all the information pretending to be detailed - is a mere speculation . 
  in case of the link i provided is a ukrainian web site , in which they have a list of people they do n't like , they gank up and report their profiles in the social networks at once causing a sort of mass report making the algorithms ban or suspend said accounts . 
  and this is concrete . 
  similar to how when you go to / r/ukraina and read commentaries you can see that they sometimes brigade this subreddit . 
  it is not / r/europe , ukrainian internet patriots/activists have closed [ social groups ] ( http://brudno.com.ua ) in which they coordinate their action . 
  after unfortunate events like described in the topic they become quite active . 
  similar could be said about russian patriot activists , but i do n't think they coordinate much . 
  the logic of that article amuses me . 
   it 's just slaughtered out in the open and then eaten in public street , where children can see it . 
  also not always eaten , sometimes before the ban the remains ( or whole of it ) was just tossed in the streets . 
  i disagree , because many assume , that member of an ethnic group that is historically muslim - is a muslim . 
  but in reality only in northern caucasus islam is serious business , in tatarstan most part of the tartars are atheists or not-religious . 
  the number is much less , not even 5 % of all citizens . 
   do you know the reaction of non-muslim russians ? 
  i do n't , personally . 
  most of us think that they should hire a stadium , not close the main streets . 
  also blood sacrifices are not cool , luckily the ban on sacrificing livestock is enforced by the police . 
  i know that federal law was in work 3-4 years ago , not sure if it has passed . 
  but they are banned for minors in many regions by local laws . 
  following our glorious example , so proud , 
  to show their power from numbers . 
  they based it on the fact that the rebels had manpads , which maximum altitude is limited to 3-4km , so 5km is already playing safe . 
   ukraine chose to refuse calling out a no fly zone while still asserting its sovereignty over the region and therefore responsibility over the safety of its airspace . 
  if i 'm not mistaken ukrainian government decreed no-fly zone but only under 8km ( civilian airlines are around 10km mark ) . 
  which is not logical btw , because there are no soviet made aa missiles that can go over 5km but can not reach 10km . 
  it undermines criminal charges , but does not exclude them ( because there can be either determination or negligence ) . 
  it would be negligence in this case . 
  it does not exclude civil case for 900 million at all . 
  because you can claim monetary reparations for any wrong doing from the culprit . 
  in any case they wo n't prove that it is his social media account , because it is not . 
  girkin in several occasions indicated that he only has one account in the internet , on the antiques forum in which he posted , and from which the mentioned social media account reposted adding things from other sources . 
  except a judge from chechnya ruled it . 
  greece does n't need 100 billion right now , the payments are distributed in the payment plan during large period of time . 
  so even if it is 1 bn euros a year it could be big help . 
  rus was client state of byzantium for a while . 
  the funniest thing among eastern europeans is when you read ukrainian media and comments sections , the vastly predominant position is like : '' * they got x billions ? 
  fuck greece !, 
  they should give that money to us instead !, 
  * '' or '' * throw greece out of eu and make space for ukraine !, 
   we even loaned money for greece , they litterly did threw that money away and now demanding more . 
  that was the press is saying , forming public opinion . 
   since russians are such fucks to their neighbours what russia even has to do with greece current crisis and eastern europeans being assholes about it ? 
   some eastern europeans to come in and say `` greeks are lazy fucks '' those people 's idolize european union , so to protect that idea they blame greece for everything . 
  i 'm not saying that greeks are innocent in all of this , but they want eu to be something that is not yet . 
  and greece is in the way in their minds . 
   kubanian kek, 
  they stole if from the french , so ...
