  just like when you take lasik operation and do n't need any glasses after that . 
   russia is much more intolerant than western europe and russian government was n't to make sure that happens . 
  in western europe anyone who would say anything that can be interpreted as intolerant in public -- will most likely lose his face because of polite correctness . 
  but it manifests itself in private conversations ( not public ) and internet ( when person 's id is not visible to anyone to judge ) -- that people are more or less the same . 
  with perhaps the only differences that europeans who are now 40-50 years old are similar to russian generation of 25-35 year old in how they perceive the world . 
  that 's beside my point . 
  mikatom asked why russians are so intolerant ? 
  well russians are more or less intolerant than other people , the difference is that we are more open about it . 
   discriminating people without any valid reasons . 
  because in all countries significant part of the population is intolerant . 
  the difference between russians ( and some other countries in these parts of europe ) -- people can be vocal about it . 
  i personally do n't think that russians are less tolerant , it 's just we do n't have the concept of polite correctness . 
  23 october 2015 -- deputes from cprf purpose to `` ban public displays of affection between gay people '' . 
  15 january 2016 -- russian senate scraps the project-law . 
  16-17 january 2016 -- [ all western media ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hjyvvi2.gif ) . 
  it works -- but obviously not for free . 
  the chiniese are very smart , because they create alternative route to create competition and push down prices . 
  and they do it with not just their money ( kazakhstan , aerbaijan , georgia and others had to take credits and finance this project too ) . 
   it is ironic how government of russian federation does not have enough brains and will to utilize its unique ( and obvious ! ), 
  location between 3 major economic superpowers so china has to use ex-ussr territory to connect with eu . 
  so much non-sense and hate in one comment . 
  it 's ironic that you do n't have enough brain to google if what you are saying it 's true or not . 
  russia in the 90 's felt safer . 
  i do n't like this map for some reason . 
   lines are very rare in russia , swarms are more common . 
  aside from the general line of communist thinking , stalin wrote ... a lot . 
  from text it 's unknown if it refers to the trio or just truman and churchill , the most sure thing is the later . 
  also text very badly written , for sure thedailybeast.com can not be a source . 
  from that :  you can chose not to believe it but it will not prevent others from believing it . 
  many people overheard roosevelt telling stalin about a new weapon , and it was later confirmed stalin knew what it was and accelerated russia 's nuclear program . 
  to :  churchill and stalin both fully supported the bombing of japan , just fyi . 
  they both supported continued bombing until japan surrendered . 
  they were part of the talks and the decision making process . 
   great britain and other imperialist countries thought they were bringing civility to savages that 's what the propaganda said , but they all were motivated in bringing profits to themselves . 
  unless someone was stupid enough to believe it . 
   hitler in his mind thought he was making the world a better place for germans , he was n't insane . 
  he knew that what he was doing to jews and slavs was bad , it 's just he prioritized german national interests . 
   i think stalin knew quite well much of what he did was unjust . 
  yes , but he though that the means justify the end . 
  the differences are stalin wanted a just result , using unjust means , while hitler and the imperialists wanted both unjust result brought by unjust means . 
  there are tons of documentaries and texts i read about our nuclear project . 
  and by july 1945 stalin knew that americans have developed atomic bomb , but nor he was communicated such thing on official level , neither were our representatives until the very fact of destruction of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  obviously any discussions of use of this weapon were with soviet representatives present , since even the proposal on us nuclear project council to invite soviet representatives to witness the test - were rejected . 
  and that 's a crude real fact . 
  what you provide is just a mist of misquotes to reinforce something you made up an hour ago . 
   you claimed above he was trying to make the world a better place . 
  i did n't claim that . 
  i said that he '' * believed in better world and wanted all people on earth to live in a just society * '' . 
  that is different . 
  i 'm talking about his own motivation for his actions , as a communist . 
  to contrast it with the motivation for the actions of churchill and hitler . 
  and show this way , that the difference between the actions of hitler and churchill is almost non-existent when they commit their atrocities . 
  while when stalin committed his atrocities his motivation was quite different . 
  that at least for the atrocities that affected 99 % of the population . 
  when he eliminated his own adversaries , his motivation was his own ambition . 
  but that only against his adversaries , which resulted maybe in one thousand deaths . 
  deaths of people who in many cases were no better than him , see other revolutionaries . 
  when i read the first line , i though it will be something from * le reddit butthurt brigade * . 
  actually you did a good text . 
  not that i agree on everything , like i would n't call the great purge * just * a black page , for example . 
  but the essence is there , stalin is viewed mostly in russia as an historical figure , respected by many ( but not the majority ) . 
  for starters that 's a poorly source . 
  if it 's not in a joint declaration or in an official transcription -- you have to rely on his words , the main culprit of the atomic bombings . 
  second , you just misinterpret his words greatly . 
  from :  on july 24 i casually mentioned to stalin that we had a new weapon of unusual destructive force . 
  the russian premier showed no special interest . 
  all he said was he was glad to hear it and hoped we would make `` good use of it against the japanese . 
  you do n't drow conclusions that :  churchill and stalin both fully supported the bombing of japan , just fyi . 
  they both supported continued bombing until japan surrendered . 
  they were part of the talks and the decision making process . 
  because : a ) from the text it is not clear that stalin knew what the hell truman was talking about , as he himself has written : '' i casually mentioned to stalin that we had a new weapon '' . 
  b ) stalin did n't say `` bomb until they surrender '' as you put it . 
  c ) even if he knew that he was talking about a nuclear weapon , and knew it 's true power ( soviet union did n't have nuclear weapons by then yet , and it 's characteristics were known only theoretically ) -- he did n't say to bomb civilian population with it . 
  oh man , you are so cunning . 
  you make something up like : '' * churchill and stalin both fully supported the bombing of japan , just fyi . 
  they both supported continued bombing until japan surrendered . 
  they were part of the talks and the decision making process . 
  * '' , then when asked for source you just insert some random quote from memoirs that does n't give even 10 % of what you asserted . 
   the fact you 're under the illusion what stalin did was for the betterment of everyone i 'm not under that illusion . 
  you seem to misinterpret my words . 
   he was a tyrant that wanted to hold onto power and acted accordingly . 
  yes  people in the baltics and poland and elsewhere do not want statues of a murderous tyrant that ethnically cleansed their countries prominently displayed in their cities . 
  the memorial center the article is talking about is in russia , built with private money . 
  i understand why they under current historical paradigms do n't like stalin , but we do n't like many of the things they do . 
   getting russians to admit stalin was evil is like pulling teeth . 
  he was n't more evil than any mediocre man moved by ideology who managed to usurp power in his country . 
   russians still try to argue soviet policies were for everyone 's benefit the intent ( not necessary the result ) of soviet policies was to benefit everyone , while the intent of the western policies was either benefit a few , or maintain the status quo ( under which the few take the benefits themselves ) . 
   stalin was a mass murderer , end of story . 
  you mad ? 
  monument is a gift , not nice to break gifts given :(, 
   churchill and stalin both fully supported the bombing of japan , just fyi . 
  bombing with nuclear weapons ? 
  by the love of god i want to read it , give me the source . 
   but created food shortages deliberately in holodomor that 's untrue . 
   this is in direct contrast to what churchill did , since holodomor did not happen during a world war . 
  actually churchill did his policies knowing that people will starve to death , to the contrary of what stalin did . 
  during so called holodomor a drought has happened -- you can see it in the statistical documents tremendous decrease in the harvest , normally astonishing export numbers almost 0 from autumn harvest ( however food was exported in 1932 before the summer from the spring harvest ) . 
  people were to die from hunger , and it was everywhere even in areas not affected , because they had to ration and distribute food from there too . 
  the crime of the administration consisted in that in normal market conditions -- people from towns would starve to deaths ( while farmers would be the last to do so ) , but the system transmitted the hunger from towns to the villages , this way making it different compared to all the previous famines in russia . 
  compare that to the policies in bengal famine , which could be classified as a ` scorched earth ' policy , that caused millions die knowingly .
