   yes , and the poles which had the misfortune of remaining on the soviet side of the border after the riga treaty simply vanished into thin air one day . 
  so you just take data from 1926 census compare it to 1939 and the difference - all executed . 
  ignoring important migration processes outside soviet union ? 
  and also people changing their passport data for political reasons , like the jews did in many cases or ukrainians/russians ? 
   and coincidentally , those bodies were identified as belonging to missing since 1939 polish officers taken pow after the soviet invasion of poland . 
  i wonder what on earth could possibly happen to them !, 
  erm ... you are aware that only a handful of bodies were identified from almost 10 000 found . 
  and that there were labour camps with polish prisoners nearby . 
  it does n't mean that soviet army/government ordered to execute them . 
  more likely when they were left behind - germans did the job , and later on when they needed propaganda they ` discovered ' them 2 years later , maybe even added someone . 
  from there even the name ** katyn ** , while it was just a village there , but not the closest to the mass burials , name clearly chosen for polish readers from abroad . 
  also there is the case of the bullets , if you actually read about the case in detail , etc. . .  i 'm glad you at least admit that soviets were the most faithful ally of nazi germany before 1941 , small steps , i 'm positively surprised . 
  soviet union was n't ally , because there was no alliance . 
  non-aggressive pact is not an alliance - france had one with them , and so did poland and much more when czechoslovakia was invaded . 
   precisely , 200-300 thousands would approximately amount to a single wave of soviet deportations . 
  unfortunately , there were four of them . 
  from the documents it is estimated that there have been 80-100 thousands osadniks , they were deportated/exiled to siberia with their families ( also not everyone ) . 
  which would amount to 200-300 thousands i told you before . 
  this is a guess . 
  a million clearly does n't correspond with reality . 
  i do n't support such thing personally . 
  but taking in account posterior events i think that it was n't the worst possible scenario for those people . 
  yey for us !, 
  let 's do more deals like that one . 
   110,000 murdered during the polish operation in 1937-38 that number is invented by anti-communist dissidents . 
  in katyn , or more precisely in koziy gori - the german occupational forces ` suddenly ' discovered piles of bodies 2 years after they took smolensk , just when soviet union started to win the war and started forming polish squads from the prisoner soldiers they had from 1939 . 
  later polish government using economical and other pressure forced russian government admit and repent such act with no factual basis . 
  so called prove of it was an extract from archives that proved that there were executions of polish prisoners . 
  and of course there were out of 600 000 initial captives in 1939 part were given to nazi germany under their listed request , more than 200 000 were let go , other military personnel were subjected to trial ( 1920 invasion and posterior concentration camps for soviet soldiers ) , and it is estimated that around 10-15 thousands were executed , but not in ` katyn ' . 
  the rest are so called ` deported ' , because prison or camps was not the only punishment under those trials , also exile to siberia . 
  not a million obviously ( [ 200-300 thousands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/osadnik ) ) . 
  i see so now polish historiography method is multiply every real number by 10-50 and write it down as if it was like that . 
   and that 's cool , but do n't expect us to perceive you any better than nazi germany then yeah , since we planned to enslave and annihilate you all , like with plan ost . 
  you can perceive us the same / s, 
   belarusians and ukrainians are not russians . 
  and if it was right for russia to claim their land from poland , then so was right for poland had to claim their lands from russia . 
  russians used their shitty claims to fuel their imperialism at the end of 18th century , and poles used their similarly shitty claims at the beginning of 20th century . 
  that 's the point . 
  obviously poland also had claims to those lands . 
  as we did in 1939 , 
   except for this all `` succession line '' thingy . 
  by the line of succession russian dukes from rurik family had 100 better claim . 
  it 's like russian emperor during time of partition of poland would said - i have right to succession to this , cos i have some gediminid blood in me or whatever . 
  the laws of succession applies from the country or region to be succeed , not other way around . 
  and you can not succeed a rurik dynasty while there are 2 other branches around . 
   post-mongol-conquest-rus were n't even conquered by poland in the first place galicia , then union with litwa , then multiple invasions to the east from when jagailo became polish king in 1386 . 
  so those are polish-lithuanian invasions and carvings of russia from that to 1618 . 
  it is also weak argument . 
  because you are saying : * well we did n't carve russia from 1316 to 1386 . 
  however those are our lands now , thanks lithuanians for conquering them . 
  also from 1386 to 1618 does n't count . 
  and galicia does n't count either * . 
   whether those statelets deserve the name `` russia '' is another issue , though i respect your right to see it that way even if i personally find it really silly . 
  because you have been submerged in polish historian paradigm , in which polska is jesus christ of europe , who just suffered from bully russia all of it 's history . 
  while in reality it was xiv-xvii our time to be bullied around , from xvii-xx yours . 
  also we are nation of conquerors and warriors , we do n't lie ourselves about that . 
  is just we ( and me personally ) do n't like that whining about poland in 1920 having some ` historical ' right to take disputed lands from russians/ukrainians , then in 1939 from czechs , then whine how evil soviet union stabbed polska in the back years later . 
   you also ca n't deny that ( excluding wars during the 17th century ) poland itself never `` carved '' any russian , ruthenian , rusyn ( or whichever name you prefer ) territory . 
  what you call inherited -- it is the same . 
  polish kings had no claim to galicia , it was usurped after the assassination of the last descendant of daniil of galich . 
  when a rurik governed city was left without it 's dynasty it was always passed to rurik from another branch . 
  this is the law , galicia law , our law . 
  and polish invasion on russia begun already in 1013 and continued at all times until 17th century . 
  be it as polish kingdom or polish lithuanian union . 
   it was simply called `` rzeczpospolita polska '' since 1791 , and the federal type of government was abolished , so bad shot . 
  it doesnt matter , it the same level of absurd argument . 
  '' * poland never carved russia , because we do not recognize medieval russia and russia that in posterity carved out poland as same state . 
  * '' well i can do the same and do not recognized newly formed poland in the 1920 's as successor and same state with historical poland . 
  same level of argumentation . 
  not that i approve of it . 
   as you have n't mentioned my actual point at all - that the polish state itself did not carve `` russia '' at any point - i 'll assume the impossible happened and my time wasted on arguing with russians on the internet finally paid off by them realizing they were wrong all this time . 
  yes it did . 
  if you can deny the continuity of russian state from 860 's to 1917 , then i can do the same argument with poland . 
  say russia did n't partition poland in 1790 's , because it 's was not the same poland , it was called polish-lithuanian unia . 
  what then ? 
   well , russia itself was created in 1500s by one of the remaining provincional golden horde tributaries , so it would be rather hard for them to become conquered by anyone before they even existed . 
  that is just made up . 
  russia never was a province of golden horde . 
  it 's dynasty comes from rurik himself and is the same that governed russia since 860 's until the death of last male direct descendant in 1591 ( with polish involvement i must say ) . 
  and regarding the tributes . 
  poland also paid tributes -- first to golden horde ( after 2 successful and 1 unsuccessful invasions ) and later to the crimean kaganate , and until partitions of poland to the ottoman empire ( but that was on and off thing ) . 
  even so as you can see in the map northern part of russia was not affected by mongols ( novgorod , pskov , toropets ... ) and some barely affected ( smolensk , polotsk , lvov ... ) . 
  the name itself russia is the latin version of rus and it is used in all chronics and documents at it is . 
  the name kievan rus was used by the contemproraries to denominate the kievan region of rus ( similar to novgorod rus , vladimir rus , suzdal rus ... ) or by some historians to denominate the period that kiev was capital of russia ( 882-1169 ) . 
   duchy of ruthenia , which probably also falls under your megalomaniac definition of `` russia '' was inherited by poland due to simple medieval succession laws ( after the plan of local nobles to kill their ruler backfired on them ) . 
  they just killed all the successors and usurped the throne . 
  by all medieval laws of succession galicia-volyn should have gone to ryrik family in vladimir . 
   nah , unfortunately for you 1772-1795 is where the train stops . 
  the pre-partition poland never took any lands from russia ( alright , we did take some in 1618 ... but you have reconquered all of them by 1667 , and already took some more on top of that ) . 
  indeed poland and lithuania carved russia from 1300 's until 1618 . 
  but you are wrong here , extrapolate those two maps : [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/rus-1113-1194.png/800px-rus-1113-1194.png ) over [ this one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/58/ribbentrop-molotov-ru.svg/1052px-ribbentrop-molotov-ru.svg.png ) . 
  you can see that in medieval times the division between russia and poland was a line drown directly south from curonian lagoon ( lagoon between kaliningrad and lithuania now ) . 
  and that in 1939 slightly less was taken than that , but again those medieval maps are aproximate . 
   just like the russian empire invaded us about 110 years before the world war one started and annexed those exact same lands for itself . 
  we can go back and forth like that , if that counts as an argument now . 
  and those exact land were taken around 350 years before that from russia by poland and lithuania . 
  i already mentioned it [ above ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3fi50c/ukraine_court_permits_selfrule_for_prorussia/ctpqoxu ) , that does n't account even for 0,1 , maybe 0,2 % of all captives by ukrainian army . 
  if they are who they say they are . 
  you do understand the difference between supplying hardware , specialists and advisers , action which is at best could be called intervention . 
  with actual army being there which is called invasion ?
