  much easier and cheaper than using conventional means of laundering . 
  it is similar to how sometimes the lottery winners are offered cash for their winning tickets ( more than their worth ) . 
  so someone else can cash them out and put then in his tax declaration . 
  here is the same but more scalable and with almost astronomical quantities . 
  which could be compared to similar way of laundering to the one which uses stock exchange funds to do so . 
  but since stock exchange is unpredictable the true costs of laundering money could range , i 'd say between 20 % and 30 % ( costs ) to create a good investment record that would n't be suspicious . 
  and that what it would cost and it needs a legally explainable starting capital . 
  all this affair with bitcoin provided 0 % costs , which mean that the one 's who started all this bobble could offer real good rates for laundering . 
  baniking on other hand also in many cases is a nasty business , but that would be whole other topic that has very few to do this bitcoin scheme . 
  you are aware that criminal structures already washed hundreds of millions with the conversion rates fluctuation ( from < 1 $ to  300 $ ) . 
  not bitcoin can and is being used for also for non-transparent transactions , those in which the counter-transaction normally is not registered anywhere and can be from small business avoiding taxes to black market of drugs and other services ( see that portal that sold drugs for bitcoins in us and the owner was caught only because he was too stupid to know otherwise ) . 
  just give it back to them . 
  mid or feed, 
   there 's no mention of the amount of jews killed in this time-frame . 
  that said , the wikipedia entry might have specified the amount of jews who were killed . 
  they killed local jews to allocate the brought from other places . 
  the massacre at november 1943 it is estimated in 3500 victims . 
   taking all of the above into account , how did you come to a conclusion that latvian legion in its entirety is responsible for what happened in riga 's ghetto , that is unless their are guilty simply due to association ? 
  you can defend gestapo too . 
  because in the last days they lost many people and had to conscript new members . 
   if you associate the actions perpetrated by the minority as indication of a whole group , you ought to condemn the red army for their actions - small percentage committed mass rape of civilians . 
  do you honestly fail to the hypocrisy here ? 
  no , because in red army only ` offence ' for which there was no punishment , which was overlooked -- was trophies pillaging ( taking things from enemies you kill : weapons , cigarettes , watches ... ) . 
  for any other crime , like robbing , murdering or raping civilians one could get from decades in prison to the capital punishment . 
  while the wafen ss was complying to the orders of their superiors that can be traced all way back to berlin . 
  that included latvian legion , which core members indeed did some horrible things even before nazis arrived . 
  but most of their crimes were ` lawful ' if you can call it like that . 
  and because of such reasons all wafen ss organizations are branded as criminal bands by nuremberg tribunal . 
  that happened in russia . 
  baba yaga she is called in the media . 
   again , guilt by association . 
  i do n't see how the actions of a minority are indicative of the whole legion . 
  ** similar could be said about all axis troops ** . 
  let us celebrate wehrmacht because not of all of them committed crimes against humanity and many were conscripted against their will . 
  what a great idea !, 
  why do n't you write to angela merkel about it ? 
  and that is another fine example of someone so brainwashed that he chooses a nickname with name of a nazi collaborator organization and tries to whitewash it in public discussion . 
  because you know , * after the crimes against humanity the legion doubled in size , so you can not accuse of it all of the organization * . 
   exactly , before . 
  yet you 're still conflating the actions of latvian auxiliary police with the one 's of the legion . 
  latvian auxiliary police became core of the legion . 
   the wikipedia page only mentions the ss , arajs kommando and the latvian auxiliary police . 
  i just told you , above , by order of himmler of 24 march 1943 the latvian auxiliary police and arajs kommando became part and core of the legion . 
  in fact arajs kommando was doing the conscripting work for it . 
  and the massacre of riga ghetto happened after that , same year . 
  she rented her rooms to people , and then killed them and presumably are their flesh . 
  total 11 people . 
  all that is confirmed with the diary she wrote and other pieces of evidence ( like a video of her disposing of the body ) . 
  right now the investigation is searching for body fragments . 
  which is complicated , because they suppose that she hid them in the foundation of a building the was being constructed nearby . 
   only 15-20 % of the legion was actual volunteers similar could be said about all axis troops during ww2 . 
  should germans go and make a celebration day for them ? 
   you have simply talked about crimes commited by latvian auxiliary police or waffen-ss , but that does n't say anything about the latvian legion and it 's just a tool to derail the discussion . 
  the latvian auxiliary police was not just part but composed most of the latvian legion before they started conscripting civilians . 
  even if you open [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/latvian_legion ) , it says :  the initial core of the force was populated by latvian schutzmannschaft collaborationist auxiliary police battalions , which were formed several years earlier and had been previously engaged in anti-partisan duties . 
  many who had previously served in the notorious arajs kommando commando unit , responsible for atrocities committed against jews , roma , and civilians along latvia 's border with the soviet union were transferred to the latvian legion . 
  to this we can add order of himmler of 24 march 1943 that explains the term of `` latvian legion '' and of who it was composed . 
  but it is not just the case of hiding between conceptions so someone can ditch crimes of the members of the latvian legion prior it 's official creation ( like the ones of arajs kommando ) . 
  in november 1943 riga ghetto ( or what remained of it ) was massacred by the latvian legion . 
  that article does n't do justice to all what was done by them ( probably because being controversial topic - the wiki page is being monitored regularly ) . 
   nor has any latvian ever been accused of any war crime while a member of the latvian legion . 
  what the author meant , that they were n't accused outside ussr . 
  but you know except arajs kommando members . 
  who some latvians will insist ( for some strange reasons ) were n't part of latvian legion . 
  something about no true scotsman of a sorts . 
  there are plenty of books and articles about [ holocaust in latvia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_latvia ) and involvement of ss in it , including obviously latvian legion . 
  also latvian legion was used outside latvia ( similar to other ss groups , which mostly did wet work with local population ) : annihilation of slonim ghetto in belarus ( over 8000 jews ) , operation winterzauber in belarus ( over 11000 civilians ) , others operations in belarus , also in russia , poland and ukraine . 
  normally latvian apologists do n't deny crimes against humanity involvement of the latvian legion . 
  they just say that the members were conscripted forcibly ( which was true in some cases ) , but false in others , see arajs kommando , for example . 
  this one is just a marvellous case of what years of propaganda can do . 
   they did not participate in any of the atrocities that ss sorry , i can not discuss anything with somebody whose brain was washed so nicely . 
  it 's the remembrance day of the latvian legionnaires , which was part of waffen ss . 
  organization which exterminated innocent civilians , mostly jews . 
  you can read about holocaust in the baltics . 
  while 9th of may celebrates victory above nazi germany in ww2 . 
  and glorifies warriors who fought them . 
  nkvd was not military organization , it was a secret police and the same people that worked there could be part of other military groups . 
  so it is not celebrated . 
   there are no ss marches in latvia . 
  i think i know which march you mean ... and it 's not an ss march . 
  see russian minorities , ss marches , etc. . . 
  i know , latvia is the one toward which we have much feelings . 
  while lithuania is meh . 
  they can afford it , they just do n't want to , because of opportunity costs . 
  outside russia they 'll make more profit with it . 
  however that is more of what i initially stated , that the only was we will have fuel shortage is that if they start selling abroad against internal market interests , and they wo n't be able to do that , because the government will forbid it . 
   maybe they have to sell abroad to get a higher price because they arent as efficient as the foreign competition ? 
  i dont see logic in that . 
  if russian companies were n't economically eficient then they would n't be competitive abroad . 
  so they would have to concentrate on local markets and ask government for protective meassures . 
  but [ all suggests otherwise ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/17424454-f173-11e3-9fb0-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3idw98shj ) . 
  russian refined oil products are economically efficient , because they are cheap at comparable quality . 
  on other hand , if we talk about ecological efficiency and protection of the ambient , then our refineries could be ones of the worst in the world . 
  the reason why our companies try to export as much fuel as they can , is simple . 
  russian government regulate fuel prices , so fuel in russia is cheap , not as cheap as in usa , but cheaper than in most europan countries . 
  because of that selling it , say to eu would render higher profit margins , even after paying export taxes . 
   not really . 
  russian refining capacity have n't ever been great and reserves of products have been very low since 2006 ( about the same volume as finnish ) . 
  based on sources i provided below , it can be said that [ russia 's refining capacity ] ( https://www.fuelseurope.eu/uploads/modules/dataroom/graphs_fuels_europe-_2015_34.jpg ) ammounts to 6 % of the world 's , while it 's population is 2 % . 
  if we do similar comparation with the marked ` eurasia group ' from the provided image , that group has more than 6 times russian population , but only 3 times refining capacity .
