  it mostly contains factual information with exception of :  it is established beyond reasonable doubt that stalin intentionally starved to death soviet ukrainians in the winter of 1932-1933 . 
  soviet documents reveal a series of orders of october-december 1932 with evident malice and intention to kill . 
  by the end , more than three million inhabitants of soviet ukraine had died . 
  it forgets to mention : a ) that independent of the way of calculation of the victims ( statistics of deaths rarely use ` hunger ' as the cause ) . 
  twice as many ethnic russians died as ukrainians . 
  b ) the main reason for the hunger was bad harvest caused by drought . 
  c ) once it was known about the hunger - aid was supplied . 
  but in many cases too late ( the hunger started in autumn 1932 , but the aid started to arrive in spring 1933 ) . 
  how did hunger happen ? 
  the government took the quotas for land use ( which belonged to the state ) in kind . 
  the quotas were established based on the results of the cooperatives . 
  prior to the drought in summer 1932 already a strong black market for flour existed . 
  the individual farmers who did n't join the cooperatives were incentived to hide most part of their harvest so they can quern it later and sell the flour in the black markets . 
  the harvest of the cooperatives in 1932 was less affected by the drought because they had irrigation systems , pumps , tractors and other machinery . 
  so that caused local governments to set unrealistic quotas for the local farmers -- effectively taking away their food supply . 
  individual farmers starved causing soviet union population loss between 5 and 7 million people . 
  that fact led to investigation which finalized in 1939 , the culprits of the mass starvation were the leaders of the republics , among them ( in case of ukraine ) : [ stanislav kosior ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanislav_kosior ) , [ pavel postyshev ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pavel_postyshev ) and [ vlas chubar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vlas_chubar ) -- all executed . 
  was the soviet government responsible of the deaths of millions in this case ? 
  yes was it done on purpose to kill any specific group ? 
  no , at least there no facts that would sustain such affirmation . 
  i have read dozens of articles about that matter , the main argument i see in ukrainian internet , is that number of ukrainians in the census reduced , while number of russians increased very much . 
  which is while true forgets to mention , that many of those who were censed as ukrainians choose to be russians , because of the korenizatsiya program which imposed them to learn in ukrainian ( language that many of those who considered themselves ukrainians did n't know ) . 
  that is widely documented fact which is normally silenced in the modern ukrainian propaganda . 
  i also say that it is a propaganda peace , because it uses fact spinnings to place a sign of = between soviet regime and nazi germany . 
  which even tanking in consideration all the crimes against humanity during soviet union is not the case . 
   but the atomic bomb ended the war . 
  have you ever heard of [ manchurian operation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_manchuria ) ? 
  as you say :  did you know that the fire bombing of tokyo had more civillian casulties ? 
  the conventional bombing was just as powerful , as we can see in well documented bombings of dresden , for example . 
  the common opinion in russia , is that japanese army got crushed everywhere and the opinion about the nukes was done with no military but political purpose : 1 ) show the soviets ` new toys ' ; 2 ) ensure that rendition of japan will be to the us and not to soviet union , after our forces would have taken tokyo . 
  and that is to what i refer about trigger happy idiots . 
   that political agreement was n't formalized into memorandum . 
   i do not know of any formal memorandum . 
  do you have a source ? 
  there was no memorandum , the issue was supposed to be handled similar to how we retreated nuclear weapons from cuba , and then us did the same towards nukes in turkey . 
  as a source , read the [ words of gorbachev himself ] ( http://www.bild.de/politik/2009/bild-medienpreis/die-deutschen-waren-nicht-aufzuhalten-7864098.bild.html ) ( one of the last questions ) . 
   this is one view . 
  another view could be that russia is n't an adversary . 
   looking back with how the situation is now you may come to that conclusion . 
  putin certainly wants you to . 
  this is his interpretation . 
  but at the time , things were different . 
  russia was on it 's way to join nato , not towards a new cold war . 
  that view predominated in russia as well , until the colour revolutions and the missile shield with complete russian exclusion from talks . 
   to accuse foreign ngos of working against a country could be pure propaganda and would be in line of putin trying to accuse foreign countries of aggression , in order to justify his actions . 
  it could but imagine one of those environment organization that takes money from the outside at critical moment [ rises it 's head ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yevgeniya_chirikova ) and protests against putin regime . 
  so does some organization that helped children with cardiac problems . 
  and now under investigation is ` dynasty ' the most important russian science ngo , that secretly funded the non-system opposition . 
  in all cases it 's same scheme - us buys political capital through ngo 's by doing some activity good for pr . 
  later that political capital is used in us interests . 
  exactly the same situation i say happen in ukraine . 
  [ us gives money to ngo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dexrp27mmdu ) , that money is transformed in political capital ( through activities that are good for pr ) . 
  later that political capital is used to promote politicians , get people out in the streets , etc. 
  i 'm not saying that foreign involvement was the only factor that caused euromaidan , but it made it possible . 
  in bad faith . 
  for example , when yatsenuk says in agitation for aa with eu that [ wages and pensions will be 5 times higher ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azfc4cgihz4 ) - why no one stands and says that he is lying ( note : when he said the mean wage was around 500 euros in ukraine , which translates in promise a mean wage of 2500 euros ) . 
  another example , when yanukovich was overthrown , there was that [ document signed a day before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agreement_on_settlement_of_political_crisis_in_ukraine ) by frank-walter steinmeier , your foreign minister . 
  why nobody stood by his word and demanded the complacency to the document by the opposition ? 
  as i said before , russian propaganda bases it self mostly on true facts , but with far-fetched conclusions . 
  it means , that our media spins the facts ( which in 95 % of cases are true ) , silences others and give them their own interpretation . 
  but those facts which are true do n't come from nowhere . 
   this was always the pipe dream of dangerous sociopath generals . 
  take out the other side first . 
  then they ca n't retaliate . 
  are you really sure that a us president would take that gamble ? 
  maybe get a mirv warhead or three or five on major us cities , just to take out russia ? 
  we are talking about a billion possible victims of a first strike . 
  with unclear consequences for the rest of the earth 's population . 
  i 'm sure you have seen that sketch about ' [ salami tactics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ix_d_vmkswe ) ' . 
  if we do n't insist in maintaining the nuclear parity today , then tomorrow it will be something new , like laser aa-weapons in the orbit , ultrasonic drones with nukes , communications interference systems . 
  we miss one step and then we will be a dozen behind , like it happened with computers , it took russian labs 2 decades to reduce gap to 5 ( ! ), 
  years with intel . 
   we talked about that . 
  think of what a `` first strike '' would entail . 
  who would do that and why ? 
  the same trigger-happy idiots that bombed hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  the security policy matter is not take any chances . 
   but my points above stand . 
  with everything bad nato and the eu stand for , aggression towards russia is not on my list . 
  this is something putin came up with , to justify his aggression . 
  yes , putin found a mean to justify crimea and much more . 
  but it was n't on completely empty grounds , that 's my point . 
  and i stand by it , but i agree to disagree with you . 
   you think 15 years is enough to gain the trust of the west ? 
  if 15 years is not enough -- no amount of time will never be . 
  because interests of eu and russia in economic sense were , are and will be conflicting with each other , unless russia joins eu ( or eu -- russia , haha ... joke ) . 
  because in the first 15 years of russian federation existence as a country we had given up so much of our interests to the west and got nothing from it -- we wo n't try that again . 
  instead russia and eu will go their separate ways , conflicting that is . 
  and maybe , maybe in a couple of decades the world will become less hostile place and therefore common ground might be found . 
  or russia breaks on it 's way , or eu , or both . 
  never know . 
   your interests will be ignored as long as your country acts like a rogue state . 
  was russia rogue state through the 90 's to 2005 ? 
   everyone was . 
  9/11 was a game changer . 
  new york is home to the un . 
  many saw this as an attack on modern civilisation itself . 
  except russia was n't formal ally of usa , it had no duties or obligation to aid nato operation in afghanistan . 
  putin could have expressed his condolences and do nothing like china . 
  or even oppose invasion of afghanistan .
