  western media went for the story with fighting jets because those can not reach the altitude of a passenger aircraft . 
  and normally do n't carry air2air missiles . 
  which made the implied version ( implied , because russian ministry of defence never claimed versions , just presented their ` facts ' ) highly-highly improbable . 
  after that there was no mention about the claim about those ukrainian buk operating in the ato zone , yet as you can see in [ the first video i attached ] ( https://youtu.be/xoo-vwkezmo?t=55s ) we can see ukrainian buk system fully operational just one day before the tragic event . 
   you have to be careful with this . 
  this has been identified as a narrative by the current russian government . 
  `` all facts are up for interpretation . '', 
  `` you can trust no one . '', 
  `` no source can be reliable . '', 
  by making up a large number of explanations for events such as the downing of the airliner , people are made to believe a definite answer ca n't be found . 
  this is some sort of straw-man , not what i really said . 
  what i said is - we must assume that everyone has agenda and will lie to fulfil it . 
  the difference between highly reputable source ( like reuters or bbc ) and fake-generators ( like russian lifenews or ukrainian censor ) is only in how cautious they are . 
  for example , if a reputable source is following an agenda and fabricating things , it 's editor will never let anything that can be proven false or seem falsified to be published . 
  as simple as that . 
   this simply is n't true . 
  while no proof can exist as such , the stories about a fighter airplane have clearly been made up to support the narrative mentioned above . 
  while we are n't 100 % certain we can currently conclude with almost that certainty that a buk system was used to shoot down the airliner . 
  since the rebels do not have an airforce , there is simply no reason to use anti airforce for ukrainian government forces . 
  this is n't mythical . 
  these are facts . 
  the facts are : 1 . 
  ukrainian forces did have buk on the ground , not because they fear rebels to use airforce . 
  but because they were anticipating russian invasion . 
  there are videos ^ [ 1 ] ( https://youtu.be/xoo-vwkezmo?t=55s ) , [ 2 ] ( https://youtu.be/q3momxnhnua?t=4m47s ) of ukrainian forces on official youtube channel of ukrainian army with buk systems present there . 
  there are also videos taken from ukrainian tv channels showing ukrainian army columns with buk systems present . 
  russian military claimed that : 3 buk systems were active and in range to shoot down mh17 and as well jets present on the radar . 
  it 's just the western media went for the story with jet . 
   you have to trust it . 
  that what most russians do , but with our homemade news sources . 
  and because of that there cant be a dialogue on these matters between us . 
  we assume our media tells the truth , you assume that your media tells the truth . 
  unless proven false in both cases . 
  the only way we can speak about those matters is if we assume that all media reports are initially biased and forged to follow some agenda . 
  after that we take all the ` facts ' and arrange them in a list from more plausible to less . 
  and then try to find common ground to draw common conclusions about factual information , even if we agree to disagree . 
  that on one side , on other side there are people who are russians ( as myself ) but who take our news-media reports with grain of salt . 
  does it mean that we trust western media reports in all aspects ? 
  there are who do ( so called non-system liberal opposition ) . 
  but most of russians who can think * and * have internets -- trust only reports supported by solid facts . 
  in case of the presence of russian troops in ukraine - there different claims that should be separated for better analyses :  1 ) russian government supports the insurgents in the eastern ukraine by providing them with provisions clearly true , since the ` white convoys ' that transport goods to dnr/lnr are a solid fact . 
   2 ) russian government supports the insurgents in the eastern ukraine by providing them with ammunition could be true , could be not true ( since luhansk has one of the biggest ammo factories in europe ) . 
  no solid evidence presented . 
   3 ) russian government supports the insurgents by not persecuting the ` volunteers ' who are subjected to a punishment for such activity under russian penal code true , such persecution could be done under our penal code , at least for the recruiters who came from eastern ukraine and are operating in every big city . 
  and it has n't been done . 
   4 ) russian government supports the insurgents by not persecuting the mercenaries who are subjected to a punishment for such activity under russian penal code true , no mercenary has been prosecuted so far . 
  not even a case initiated . 
   5 ) russian government support the insurgents by providing them small weapons could be true , but not conclusive , since even if rebels had small weapons exclusive to russian army -- those could have been bought from black markets , which are a thing in that part of the world . 
  no solid evidence was or can be presented . 
  point irrelevant for discussion . 
   6 ) russian government support the insurgents by providing them with heavy weapons and machinery . 
  could be true . 
  impossible to determine most of the evidence , because of gigantic number was tainted by ukrainian government claims . 
  examples : * t-72 affair . 
  any t-72 caught on camera is presented as russian tank in western media . 
  the fact that ukraine had over 1000 tanks t-72 after 1991 in silenced in western and ukrainian media . 
  around of 500-700 of those tanks were sold to african and asian countries . 
  which makes at least 250 remaining . 
  * t-72 modifications affair . 
  there are only three models of tank t-72 : t-72 , t-72m and t-72b all created during soviet period . 
  such modifications only can be determined by examining the tank very up close and measuring the parts . 
  all lesser modifications are just accessories installed either during the manufacturing process or post factum , for example , to prepare the tank for export . 
  the most mentioned example of that is era ( explosive-reactive armour ) which are brick-sized modules that are installed on welded mount on any tank or other vehicle . 
  those modules are not exclusive of russia and in fact are manufactured on ukrainian factory microtec , including the ` knife ' ( \u043d\u043e\u0436 ) variety which is angular and installed on the tank tower corners . 
  similar is the case of other accessories . 
  while could be true - the evidence presented as solid by ukrainian ( and later republished by western ) media resulted to be tainted . 
  * btr-80 and modifications affair . 
  idem situation as with t-72 with exception of btr-82a which has not just different accessories , but very specific tower . 
  but no visual material of the later was presented in such claims . 
  could be very emotional discussion . 
  there are videos but not a single one conclusive ( with proper geo and time location ) , and the evidence is also tainted just like in t-72 affair . 
  sbu ( ukrainian security services ) presented a video with buk number 312 being transported and claimed it was russian buk . 
  but later [ it resulted ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmi2kcot_sa ) that it was one of 70-100 buks ukraine has . 
  there is even an [ interview with the operator ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htacbmx4ffq ) of the machine telling the story about how they were ordered to evacuate from the base before it was taken by the insurgents . 
  are there at all geo and time located russian tech in ukraine ? 
  yes there is , there is one [ single video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsc3u9hp5e0 ) in which is located luhansk and russian not-exclusive ( but ukraine does n't have any of them ) pantsir-s1 . 
  no one has proven the video as false and there was not even a commentary from russian ministry of defence . 
  which means that the video is with very high probability is genuine , which leads us to conclude that russia did in fact supplied the insurgents with pantsir-s1 . 
  and if they supplied them with that , what else have they given them ? 
  well , will have to await for more information input . 
   7 ) russian government support the insurgents by providing them with specialists , advisers and instructors . 
  since we already concluded that pantsir-s1 was provided , then it is obvious that rf indeed provide specialists and advisers . 
  there are also 2 servicemen who claim that they are spies/reconnaissance agents captured recently by ukrainian forces . 
  which means that rf has reconnaissance groups on the ground , maybe even special forces . 
  there are also rumours of russian special forces being killed in training/accidents recently , while not sustained in proper manner -- it sums to the rest of the evidence and leads us to conclude that there are indeed special forces on the ground in donbass region . 
   8 ) russian government support the insurgents by providing them with ground personnel , not just specialists and advisers . 
  the presence of main russian ground forces is not confirmed . 
  and is even denied by the possible estimates . 
  for example , there have been over 2000 insurgents captures , 3000 ukrainian forces or more or less 10 % of each active group . 
  so if we extrapolate those 10 % to the hypothetical presence of russian forces if there have been 10000 russian soldiers , then there should have been 1000 captives , if 1000 , then 100 , if 100 then 10 ... and so on . 
   9 ) there is no civil war in ukraine , because it 's ukrainian army fighting russian invaders in base of stated above and other details , like ukrainian government reactions : no state of war declared , no trade broken with russia , no closure of borders ... 
  among with almost non-existent advancement insurgent of troops lead me to conclude : there is civil war in eastern ukraine , russian federation aids the insurgent side officially with provisions and unofficially by sending advisers and specialists there . 
  if your conclusions are different , and you can discuss without emotions , please comment . 
  could be good assertion if the news was about anglophone country ( and even more if us ) . 
  but we have n't used feet for measurement since 1917 . 
  we need more posts about russia , there is no bad pr , not really . 
   dou have proofs ??!? 
  of course , here is a photo of a military convoy somewhere . 
  probably remains of the ship scattered in 125m area . 
  if i may ...
