that 's offensive to lonely people, 
  that does n't work ... it 's pretty easy to assemble ikea stuff by yourself . 
  never heard it called that . 
  salmond has clearly been playing eu4, 
  * people 's, 
  i say both . 
  also , i think people on other continents probably do the same , not just people in europe . 
  united in diversity !, 
  tell that to all the people who just commemorated the centenary of the first world war, 
  half the time it seems to be their allies though , which is generally frowned upon . 
  how can they hope to train them if they do n't know what they 're doing themselves ? 
  absolutely , this is what the republicans ca n't understand . 
  no deal . 
  ah just like all the irish people living in america then . 
  lockerbie, 
  so 10 helicopters , duh, 
  my bad , i guess iran 655 was alright then cause we had an empire . 
  wait , when did we shoot all those countries down ? 
  they do n't die . 
  they just wait . 
  good work , at least you tried . 
  no one seems to make the connection that that means the us team have the record worst defence of all time . 
  it 's a shame he asked it like that , but i do love him regardless . 
  no one can wriggle free of his questioning . 
  this chart shows that iceland is niceland . 
  well it will be with that attitude . 
  makes me proud . 
  type quietly, 
  `` i 'd love to see a map of this by us state '', 
  as my old biology teacher used to say , alcohol makes you drink in 12 pints and piss out 12 and a half , and that 's why you get hangovers . 
  no , people who really like eurovision are still social pariahs . 
  but it 's now fully acceptable to enjoy it ironically . 
  yeah france is definitely persecuted , definitely not one of the most respected and admired cultures on earth . 
  if he 's not already , he will be soon . 
  sochi is my favourite airfield in dcs world . 
  even hitler condensed the essence of belgium into the horrible actions of one perverted man ? 
  man i 'm always learning about that guy . 
  thanks man - admittedly i already know quite a bit about 303 squadron but great watch . 
  tw : daily mail, 
  not available in the uk . 
  how ironic, 
  what ? 
  poor guy only wants better roads for his village , no need to insult him . 
  we built the m25 to keep you savages out . 
  also adverts, 
  i say the eu puts its foot down now and cut off russia immediately !, 
  it 's a matter of principle !, 
  such a waste !, 
  hence the quotation marks . 
  yeah but if crimea `` votes '' by `` themselves '' to be a part of russia is wo n't count as annexing . 
  well that 's not really the fault of the picture . 
  wwii is seventy years old ... but the people in the picture are alive today . 
  it 's current , otherwise anything which references the past in some way might as well be banned . 
  a picture of the prime minster of israel casting a shadow over the chancellor of germany in a very `` compromising '' way is n't at all worthy of posting ? 
  i utterly disagree , and it 's certainly a useful prompt for very serious discussion about serious topics . 
  fair point , wwii is essentially irrelevant to the modern day . 
  hell , let 's stop teaching it to kids as well , why do we need to fill their heads with stuff that only happened in the past ? 
  there just * long horses *, 
  think he only made it to debate captain unfortunately . 
  not for black people . 
  it 's only better than england ( uk ? 
  what about the other three countries ? 
  well , if i were black , france . 
  both are right, 
  we 'd miss 'em if they were gone . 
  pretty sure there are tiny tribes in the amazon basin as-yet-untouched by civilisation telling that joke to each other . 
  that looks remarkably similar to dpm . 
  when i saw that picture my first thought was that it was a prison . 
  makes me want to watch dredd . 
  that first building is terrifying, 
  i never said it was good . 
  but it 's not american . 
  try / r/rulebritannia for one that 's actually in touch with british culture . 
  up the 303 sqn, 
  what makes you think * we 'd * be the ones to change ? 
  you lot would finally come to terms that our side is the best side !, 
  there 's always hope, 
  i think we won the battle of britain . 
  their sacrifice will be remembered . 
  exactly , there 'd be loads of shipwrecks and stuff, 
  in face of invasion , we 'd have to destroy the dams, 
  not to mention thinking that * only * men think pictures of naked women are acceptable . 
  maybe `` alive '' , then ? 
  as a better metric ? 
  it 's like facebook but with much better porn . 
  highly recommend it . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's the same dimensions and image name . 
  they know . 
  the fear of people fearing immigration and terrorism is right up there though . 
  it was n't worth the effort you put in . 
  yes , that seems likely, 
  yeah i 've seen challengers on lorries on the motorway here in the uk too . 
  i think the point is that it is actually 100 % coincidental . 
  i see some bmps in there too . 
  i guess s/he thinks the ads ought to have gone on about the high level of education among romanian women , since finding women attractive is morally wrong ? 
  this guy 's a massive troll who is known for doing this . 
  ignore him . 
  damnit luxembourg pull your finger out . 
  careful they do n't arrest you for felony edginess .
