  to soften the blow ? 
  it 's astonishing how much of finnish history , culture and identity is derived from 20th century brands of spirits . 
  that was n't even close to the `` goals '' of the war . 
  given that it was started by the americans invading canada . 
  to be fair , to the british as well , it just sounds like someone speaking english with a head trauma , so it 's possible to muddle through . 
  do n't worry america , one day you 'll have been around long enough to have a real relationship with a country . 
  remove pizza remove pizza, 
  exactly , what a ridiculous statement . 
  italy has a pretty advanced air force too . 
  and you 're * making * f-35s . 
  do you not learn about the romanian massacre of the native falklanders in romania ? 
  true but i 'd rather they were known as us than us known as them . 
  makes my skin crawl . 
  why ca n't americans just be known as uneducated brits ? 
  yep . 
  this is correct . 
  winner winner chicken dinner . 
  i 'm asking for a friend of mine , you understand . 
  hell no !, 
  welsh accents are hot !, 
  some of them anyway . 
  i can think of quite a few that are n't in english ... 
  for attractive women ? 
  how convenient ... by the way i 've heard from a reliable source that russian spoken with an english accent is a major turn on ... can you confirm ? 
  then why is it being reported in the siberia times ? 
  check mate bureaucrats . 
  i 'm off to moscow next month . 
  i 'll see how genuine these claims are . 
  yep , the greeks were aware of britain and even ireland too . 
  i think it means annoyed ? 
  it 's amazing that all those maps were made which included , so faithfully , an island that simply does n't exist . 
  it really does look like they spent years on the mediterranean , then got to the british isles and scandinavia and gave up . 
  what a poor effort . 
  coastlines are all wrong . 
  why does everyone say salty now as well ? 
  i 've heard that the russian ballistic missile technology is widely accepted as being way ahead of western technology too . 
  i like how that 's unrelated to what i said . 
  it 's because lies are much better at backing up the right-wing 's message than reality often is . 
  shh !, 
  what exactly am i looking at here ? 
  excoriate , lambast , denounce , castigate , vituperate ... take your pick . 
  not really satire . 
  just sarcasm . 
  you say that but hungary and the czech republic , both nato members , have purchased the gripen in the last two years . 
  it 's clearly still an option . 
  the rafale has hardly turned up too late , it just could n't compete with the typhoon in nato , among other reasons . 
  the point of the capabilities is it does n't need to be the best , it needs to be satisfactory for what the country needs . 
  not every country is looking to buy the ultra-best mega-plane out there . 
  they want something affordable . 
  now , granted , norway does n't need to worry about that . 
  yes , more nations may be getting the f-35 ( not sure about that , would need to check ) . 
  more countries have the gripen already . 
  the f-35 is still in testing , so it 's not pretty much already here . 
  it 's not here , full stop , and it has had decades of marketing and nations locked into the programme for decades , so that does n't really work as an argument . 
  it 's not if the 5th generation plane is delayed and incredibly expensive ... 
  i also much prefer the gripen over the f-35 . 
  not necessarily for british forces but for smaller air arms it 's ideal . 
  sounds like you 've been having your fair share already . 
  what does `` on the books '' mean ? 
  also , by the way , owning explosives , automatic rifles and surface-to-air missiles is illegal to the public , do you take issue with the army doing that too ? 
  in what way ? 
  for the future ? 
  because that 's not now . 
  italy has n't had conscription for about ten years . 
  apparently it has come within their scope since they started this program . 
  and are volunteers, 
  italy does n't have compulsory service . 
  they are participating in the profits by taking home a wage packet . 
  these are lovely , thank you !, 
  no , he was . 
  it 's pretty clear , he even said `` axis '' and all . 
  i believe it 's better than eu4 , i honestly ca n't put my finger on why . 
  but ck2 wins for me due to the roleplaying aspects . 
  work ... * with * the french , you say ? 
  nope , best looking plane . 
  definitely something to be proud of . 
  the single best looking plane of all time . 
  makes me tear up every time . 
  sorry , nigel , i 've edited it . 
  for what it 's worth , i have this guy tagged as `` ukip moron '' so i would n't take what he says as standard . 
  pretty sure he 's just `` differently tolerant '' . 
  woah woah woah , hang on a minute . 
  really ? 
  you genuinely do n't believe there should be a punishment for skipping red lights even though it puts so many lives at risk ? 
  should drivers have the freedom of choice to ignore red traffic lights ? 
  not true at all . 
  for quite a few years we ruled over most of the world 's culture . 
  norwewho ? 
  there are also much older aircraft still merrily flying around daily . 
  both of you guys missed the joke here . 
  edit : want to point out i 'm not sure it 's an altogether appropriate joke . 
  chewing is nasty cardio . 
  man really , we need to step up our game . 
  does it put landmines in your desk or something ? 
  man , you too ? 
  it 's blocked here too you numpty . 
  ... where does ukip come into it ? 
  self-critical means you look at yourself and say `` hmm , yes , there is something wrong with me . 
  i am not perfect , there is lots to fix about myself . '', 
  it does n't really mean disagreeing with other people .
