  hey you had your chance . 
  ~ ~ i 'm not sure where you get off informing us what the most common terms in the british isles are when you 're from america , but here in the uk when people say ireland they mean ireland the country , and when they 're talking about northern ireland its almost always called `` northern ireland . '', 
  no one calls it southern ireland . 
  did you check your sources ? 
  that one is from something from * 1906 * , before ireland was a separate country . ~ ~ disregard , it 's a troll . 
  yes ? 
  i still never said all americans . 
  you 're missing my point * entirely *, 
  this is n't something i 've ever seen on tv , i do n't know where you 're getting that from . 
  also i clearly never said this was all of america saying this , did i ? 
  i said americans think this . 
  i 'll tell you where this smug self-satisfaction comes from . 
  many americans still refuse to acknowledge the part that americans played in the terrorist activity in the uk . 
  the money they supplied , the weapons they shipped over . 
  terrorism that killed innocent british * and * irish lives . 
  but now that the tables have turned , now that america has been attacked , oh , no , is n't terrorism terrible , is n't it awful , are n't we unfortunate us americans to be the victims of terror . 
  you other countries just would n't understand what it 's like , america is under attack here , we 're living under threat of terror all the time , how can you possibly relate you other countries ? 
  suddenly america is the only country that 's suffered by terrorism . 
  such a victim , that once funded terrorism itself . 
  and there are * still * people ... sorry , i 'll qualify that , americans , who do n't view the ira as terrorists , who view their actions as `` freedom fighting '' against the tyrannical british ... because , after all , if they were 200 years ago they must still be , right ? 
  does n't matter if it was a very small minority , it was still * americans * funding lethal terrorism in the uk . 
  imagine if we 'd been doing it to you , imagine how crowy the sentiment would have been after the 7/7 bombing ? 
  hell , we can see how people were going on about fucking * pearl harbour * after japan was struck by that tsunami . 
  * that * is why there 's this smug self-satisfaction , because in the face of all that it 's hard * not * to see a sort of horrible justice at play , even if they wo n't realise it themselves . 
  so bostonians then ? 
  plus , they ... [ erm ... ] ( http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/condor-head.jpg ), 
  pfft i wish . 
  big up classics . 
  i really , * really * want to work for airbus but my degree is basically useless in the aviation field :(, 
  you 've never been to devon . 
  you can just git aht . 
  swedish police authorities save money by moving officer lockers directly into evidence rooms, 
  having someone who is famously in the news for an international controversy win the lottery is , however , unusual, 
  how unusual . 
  edit : sorry , i forgot that every famous and controversial figure that 's in the news ends up changing their gender . 
  my mistake, 
  and they say germans ca n't tell jokes ... 
  what ? 
  i 'm glad that snowden ( pbuh ) and manning ( hallowed be his name ) are finally getting the street recognition they deserve . 
  i even saw lots of union flags waling around paris this year too . 
  of all the flags to see in paris ... 
  backstabbers, 
  hands down my favourite . 
  takes a while to tell , bit its worth it, 
  yeah , awful tune . 
  why ? 
  who needs porn when you 're sleeping with everyone you see ? 
  i 'm seeing a theme running through all of them . 
  yes , the latter . 
  british mp michael foot was the chairman of a nuclear arms panel , newspaper ran that headline and it 's pretty famous . 
  i was intrigued by the salutes in that video , so i google imaged `` danish salute . '', 
  i then did the same for `` norwegian salute . '', 
  do n't google image `` norwegian salute '' . 
  brb , gon na go keep some slaves . 
  nope , lost me . 
  you 're thinking of android . 
  andorra is the term for someone who looks neither male nor female . 
  it reminds me a lot of ancient roman upper class society . 
  when i went to china i did hear chinese students saying `` oh my lady gaga '' , and yes , it 's hilarious . 
  blue aliens , stalks on their heads , were once enemies of vulcan . 
  cheers . 
  what 're you saying about tea ? 
  has he ? 
  the comments on those videos are just hilarious, 
  normally i can understand ignorant american comments getting downvoted on this subreddit but your comment is far from that , i think you 're getting downvoted just for being american . 
  it 's a shame , you make good points . 
  yeah it did n't work . 
  swiss miss ? 
  gloster gladiators and st john, 
  i know estonia has a tiny air force and they 're sending approximately half of it to the royal international air tattoo in july . 
  one of the two planes is even flying !, 
  `` and , as all over france , heterosexual marriages shatter and crumble instantaneously ... '', 
  ... i live here . 
  oh man it 's the animals one as well . 
  of * all * of the memorials to vandalise , why the one for the * animals * ? 
  some muslim kids are also british kids . 
  i think cliff richards would like a word, 
  i think weeing is allowed ? 
  a genuine thread of comments which culminates in actually being pleased that these politicians are on the political scene in europe . 
  this sub has become * so * unpleasant now . 
  / r/europe , everybody . 
  this is what it 's become . 
  there 's no debating with these people , seriously . 
  they 're afraid of change and scary foreigners they make up , no amount of logic can change their minds . 
  i think if you think * that * then you know absolutely * nothing * about middle eastern culture . 
  or have never met someone from that part of the world . 
  or are just lying . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  brown skin duh . 
  it 's like this whole thread is being written by a piece of software designed for parody . 
  but real people are actually typing comments out like this . 
  phenomenal stuff . 
  would make a cracking dj, 
  so depressing . 
  the difference in quality even at immigration was phenomenal . 
  i need to go back to that country man , oh my god . 
  update : jesus lord in heaven were you not wrong . 
  haha i meant to come and find this and all . 
  jesus god yes they were genuine . 
  oh my christ yes .
