  unions have a better position to negotiate standard wages because they represent a large group . 
  as a collective they have more bargaining power . 
  they 're also able to organize strikes more efficiently . 
  joining a union is up each individual . 
  in certain areas of work there is a minimum pay which was negotiated by a union . 
  if you work in that area and are not part of the union you could feel a bit deceived , since they negiotated for you , but you never asked them to . 
  that 's just one reason why some people are against labor unions . 
  you can check wikipedia for a more extensive answer . 
  the ` lazy ' trope is such a shameful overused trope stemming from the colonization era , and yet populists still use it to rile up the masses . 
  back then it was lazy black africans who needed to learn to work . 
  now it 's lazy southerners . 
  yes ... french women just ooze elegance and class . 
  and their accent is so sexy , it 's only second to flemish for me . 
  there have been lots of myths spread about what 's happened since the bank collapsed in iceland , especially here on reddit it 's being made out to be a progressive wonderland . 
  read [ this blog ] ( http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ ) to learn about what has actually happened , supported by sources and facts ( gasp ), 
  unfortunately these  `` in accordance with law '' and `` necessary in a democratic society '' are pretty stretchable terms and still allow for many limitations of your right to privacy . 
  cheers, 
  do you have a link ? 
  i really wonder if it 's even worth it to host these gigantic events . 
  the cost is insane , and they can hardly be profitable . 
  sure it 's nice as a country to be in the center of attention for a few weeks but is it worth it though ? 
  it 's possible they mean they did n't have time to substantiate the claims themselves at the time of publishing . 
  they corrected it later apparently because in the 2012 report he is mentioned by name in the chapter on violent right-wing extremism . 
  trouw first broke that story, 
  yes there are . 
  [ a union of peace love and bass !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zhprfer0p4 ), 
  i work in hospitality and our biggest spenders are russians by far . 
  to be fair / r/hailcorporate is very tinfoil-hatty . 
  i think the idea is nice and pressing a like button only takes 1 second of my time . 
  sounds good . 
  hope this will be better than the spiral , that was very disappointing . 
  `` the total under negotiation was 16 billion marks of debts from the 1920s which had defaulted in the 1930s , but which germany decided to repay to restore its reputation . '', 
  did you miss this part op ? 
  not really sure what point you 're trying to make here . 
  actually i do know and it 's very different from the current crisis . 
  germany defaulted after coming out of wwi , when the deutsche mark had hyperinflated . 
  a different large part of the debt were reperations for wwii , which , realistically , germany was never going to be able to repay anyway . 
  especially combined with the debts acquired after wwi . 
  germany was already bankrupt , war torn and broke when this deal was made , unlike the states you mention . 
  in all likelihood though the money lent to greece ( and other countries in a lesser degree ) will never have to be repaid either . 
  the u.s. has always had a bad record respecting other country 's sovereignty , overthrowing governments and putting dictators into place . 
  or like how they do n't recognize the international court of justice . 
  i do n't see how some drone strike now in pakistan or where ever suddenly makes that worse . 
  this is / r/europe though and they had better respect our authoriteh . 
  or else we 'll charge them for our cars or something . 
  here you go http://www.consilium.europa.eu/uedocs/cms_data/docs/pressdata/en/ec/135344.pdf, 
  you 're singing it in the first person , do n't argue semantics, 
  u mad , republican ? 
  well we 're still singing we 're of german blood in our national anthem , so i guess that sorta makes up for it ? 
  how old are you ? 
  the last one was in 2009 and it was a pretty big deal . 
  actually most of the terrible reality shows originate from the netherlands , like idol , big brother , x factor , dancing with the stars etc. 
  we have endemol to thank for that . 
  there is some quality dutch tv though , like lijn 32 , feuten , van god los , jisekefet and van kooten & de bie . 
  the last two are comedy and might be a bit hard to understand to for people who do n't speak dutch , still very funny though . 
  the very act of trolling by definition adds nothing to discussion . 
   we could try , but people would fuck it up because there are lots of people here who do n't like freedom of speech and do n't like offensive things being said and do n't want to have to argue their point because they 're not very good at it and they 're not very bright , and so would seek to have a lot of viewpoints banned in order to turn this place into their own little shitty circlejerk those sure are a lot of assumptions . 
  do you feel that discussion on reddit should n't be moderated at all ? 
  maybe i should clarify , i do n't think that user should be banned because his statements offend me , he should be banned because his statements do not add anything to discussion , only detract from it . 
  i do n't think it 's such an arbitrary standard to be honest , if your opinion is so extreme as the example i gave , you should make a little effort to convince people this is actually what you believe . 
  we as a community could set this standard . 
  i think it 's fine to have a controversial or offensive opinion . 
  but when you are only trolling people or posting something like `` all roma should be sent to gas chambers '' that is not in anyway discussion , that 's just begging for attention . 
  the entire purpose of freedom of speech is to promote discussion , hatespeech does nothing to promote discussion at all . 
  i never said it 's a right . 
  i just do n't like being offended ( no shit ) and see no reason why we should allow a few users to offend a majority of the userbase just because we can , while they only detract from discussion with hateful comments . 
  this user was actually posting about sending people to gas chambers , that is highly offensive to me personally and i see no reason why it should be tolerated . 
  just because we can allow people to act like retards does n't mean we should . 
  you can check out anytime you like . 
  but you can never leave . 
  yeah you are correct most of them are 4 years . 
  i was making an assumption because i remember reading about us students working their ass off and then go on spring break and get completely hammered . 
  where i live it 's very accepted to take an extra year or two to finish your studies . 
  it 's like how once you join the working force over there you get much less vacation days than here in europe . 
  i reckon it 's similar for students . 
  the workload for american students is a bit higher than in europe on average , because the costs are so high everyone tries to finish as soon as possible . 
  drugs can help you stay focused when you 're cramming for the sixth week straight . 
  here in the netherlands i know of a few people who use these performance enhancing drugs , but they are the kind of people who also take recreational drugs . 
  i do n't think they are very rerepresentative for the entire student demographic though . 
  most people do n't really openly talk about drug use ( yes even here ) so it 's hard to say . 
  i never even disputed that . 
  however i do disagree with that notion , but it 's pointless to argue that here . 
  i 'm just saying you do n't have to be an immigrant to become invisible , which is apparently very hard for you to understand . 
  there are millions of european expats who do n't speak the language of the country the reside in . 
  plus his argument was about going off the grid , no one said anything about walking around . 
   i think i 'd struggle a bit more given that i do n't have a mass of tens of thousands of people who look similar to me to disappear into  i , a white european seriously ? 
  goddamn lazy foreigners, 
  then why not just say that . 
  your comment makes it sound like more like a threat . 
  you are trivializing the burning of buildings by saying it 's not much and things will get worse if the evil immugrants keep coming . 
  and yes poor you , always being called a racist or nazi in / r/europe threads even though every thread here is a huge anti-immigration circlejerk . 
  but yes fuck the big bad evil boogeymen stifling all discourse by calling you a racist immediately . 
  but this is not an ` either-or ' situation . 
  you can still do something to protect the gay pride parade and try to stop the influx of immigrants . 
  arsonist apoligism . 
  / r/europe everyone . 
  then you 're not a very smart man . 
  one of these things is a once-a-year thing where more police presence has direct provable results , the other is an ongoing process where more police does not necessarily produce better results . 
  same here in the netherlands .
