i do n't think he was equating those two things . 
  just that there is a large amount of people who are against israeli politics and think that they have to support everything anti-israel because of it . 
  and a lot of those things are really not ok . 
  he 's not saying they 're the same group , just that they tend to overlap . 
  filthy commoners , ruining spatial planning since the 18th century . 
  that 's a little disingenuous . 
  war reparations are way more complicated and require more negotiations than state liability . 
  besides they wo n't get very much from the dutch state either . 
  municipalities can charge taxes for garbage disposal , water , etc ( gecombineerde aanslag ) . 
  it 's filled with lower middle class young families , aka extremely boring . 
  the good old ` nothing to hide ' argument . 
  you do n't see the benefit of attending a demonstration anonymously ? 
  i can say that for the netherlands these numbers are inflated because a lot of drugs are manufactured here . 
  also consumed , but definitely manufactured a lot more than in other european countries . 
  with a single market for free trade and free movement of goods/capital you need a governing entity that makes rules for that single market and a judiciary that enforces these rules . 
  that is how we got the eu . 
  without one the other is useless . 
  this reminds me a lot of when i was travelling in china , people there would defend the communist regime because china was too big for democracy . 
  do you want to stay in the eu ? 
  then you have no option . 
  lol if they get a permit in any eu country you are still fucked friend , free movement of persons , asylum and immigration dumbass . 
  apparently some politicians were angry that the pandas did n't get a police escort ? 
  you really could n't make this stuff up . 
  nice golf course in the back yard, 
  oh yeah there are actually only 22 parties to this convention . 
  i guess it would be a bit of a controversial issue , no major western state has signed it . 
  seems kind of redundant then . 
  you are correct , this is all established in the [ vienna convention on succession of states in respect of treaties ] ( http://legal.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/3_2_1978.pdf ) ( pdf ) . 
  section 2 . 
  multilateral treaties article 17 participation in treaties in force at the date of the succession of states 1 . subject to paragraphs 2 and 3 , a newly independent state may , by a notification of succession , establish its status as a party to any multilateral treaty which at the date of the succession of states was in force in respect of the territory to which the succession of states relates . 
  2 . paragraph 1 does not apply if it appears from the treaty or is otherwise established that the application of the treaty in respect of the newly independent state would be incompatible with the object and purpose of the treaty or would radically change the conditions for its operation . 
  3 . when , under the terms of the treaty or by reason of the limited number of the negotiating states and the object and purpose of the treaty , the participation of any other state in the treaty must be considered as requiring the consent of all the parties , the newly independent state may establish its status as a party to the treaty only with such consent . 
  parapgraph 1 is pretty interesting , i did not know that new states could establish themselves as a party just by notification . 
  sure , let me think up some more categories and i 'll get back to you, 
  i actually sent a mod mail the other day with this idea , however i did n't get any response ( yet ) . 
  but obviously i think this is a great idea , but like i said in my mail it might be better to also include other forms of media because with just films we might get a bit short on subject matter . 
  so consider including literature , music or even comics . 
  a bit offtopic but i do n't think i 've ever seen a bloomberg article that was positive about the eurozone . 
  an attack on any eu member is considered an attack on the eu itself . 
  so , pretty sure something would happen . 
  feel free to suggest some belgian stuff too , you guys are way better than us at this genre . 
  i 'll throw some dutch stuff in the mix . 
  [ spinvis - ik wil alleen maar zwemmen ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyl-ho_3jp0 ) [ roosbeef - te heet gewassen ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p72i7g-rxpg ) [ go back to the zoo - electric ( english language , also not very indie but still fun ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gn-ycobxz0 ) we also have a pretty vibrant hip-hop scene , but since you did n't ask about that i wo n't bother you with it . 
  unless someone else cares . 
  if i think of annything else i might edit it in . 
  video is private ? 
  well deserved though . 
  the part op wants us to watch is at 2h 51mins and 42s into the video, 
  sophie in ' t veld is great , always fighting the good fight . 
  she 's definitely getting my vote in 2014, 
  i loved the old settler video games myself . 
  come to think of it there 's also another hugely popular german game about settlers !, 
  say what ? 
  most western european countries ' media has been very anti-israel ever since floatilla and possibly even before that . 
  good points . 
  i still think you 're giving them a bit too much credit for their war effort but i 'll admit it was probably a smart move to move to london . 
  they were never in direct threat of being killed . 
  plenty of other monarchs did not flee from their respective countries . 
  they were being there for us from all the way across the north sea ... 
  i think it 's more likely because of the huge tax pressure in the netherlands . 
  that 's why you come to these things prepared ? 
  not really sure what the point of this is . 
  i think people in traffic are always bigger assholes than normal , whether they 're on a bike or in a car . 
  i agree though some of the paths need updating to fit current size of the city . 
  but i do n't think it 's as big of a problem that you make it out to be . 
  preparation of a crime has been punishable by law in our country for a long while . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this particular case though . 
  how is it different from foreigners fighting against franco in the spanish civil war ? 
  i think the fact that they 're muslims plays a big role in this decision . 
  wow you 're a cynical one . 
  what exactly did you expect to happen ? 
  the us government is n't going to admit guilt for spying . 
  that defeats the entire purpose of spying . 
  nor will they suddenly apologize for things that ` never happened ' according to them . 
  the bureaucratic behemoth has been set in motion though . 
  questions are finally being asked and research committees have started investigating . 
  still even if we all know it 's true there 's not much that can be done . 
  trade sanctions ? 
  yeah right . 
  the best that will happen is ask them to pretty please with sugar on top of it to not do it again . 
  the guy speaks like 7 different languages fluently iirc, 
  the cheapest in the country is holger beer which sells for $ 4,40 for a crate . 
  it \u00b4 s not great but you get what you pay for . 
  the worst in my opinion though is maximator beer which is 8 % and tastes like absolute vomit . 
  atlas beer is also pretty disgusting, 
  it is however still illegal and punishable to insult the head of state . 
  it will be interesting to see how the echr responds . 
  unfortunately it will take 4 years for an actual verdict and by then this thing will have pretty much blown over, 
  the irony is palpable . 
  one of their policies was bumping up the pension funds because the state had to cut them a bit due to the crisis , and apparently fraudulent employers as well . 
  20 billion euro in cash ? 
  what the fuck, 
  just mention the word gypsy and european redditors will shit their pants, 
  most of those people you mentioned do not have the resources to move all the way to sweden . 
  plus most people , believe it or not , will prefer to stay in their own country when the war is done , a country where they have lived their entire lives . 
  to be honest i think this is a nice gesture but in practice wo n't mean much . 
  i loved the guy as a fighter , how is he as a politician ? 
  we get canvas and \u00e9\u00e9n so i just watch it on there . 
  you ca n't blame their entire financial crisis solely on adaptation of the euro , there were multiple causes for that . 
  the euro might not have helped but to say the crisis would n't exist without it is shortsighted at best .
