  i have recently been enjoying rino gaetano . 
  can you recommend some similar stuff ? 
  i presented these aguments only as an eaqually one-sided view as the poster above me . 
  of course they are debatable . 
  just trying to show it 's not that black and white . 
  i will humor you though . 
  people from southern europe are already free to come and work in germany as they please and it 's still not enough . 
   `` czech society is united in its defiance of the immigrants , '' said zeman . 
  90-95 per cent people are against the immigrants while only chronic complainers , i.e. 
  prague journalists , hold the opposite view . 
  sounds legit, 
  mods can still manually approve posts from shadowbanned users , they just land in the spam filter ( iirc ), 
  that 's a very cynical way of looking at it . 
  how about : - a larger workforce to cover the ageing population 's current welfair system - raises the dreadfully low birth rates in eu - a ( debatable ) humanitarian obligation, 
  every eu member state is also signee to the echr which grants that right to every person ( among many other conventions ) , not just citizens and residents . 
  i have recently been enjoying [ rino gaetano ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35cvs0zijzk&amp;index=2&amp;list=llfjqpa5l7aqrkk4cdai3dja ) tremendously . 
  can any italians suggest similar stuff ? 
  sure , but we are not at that point yet . 
  and noone can know for sure when we will get there . 
  there will always be jobs like garbagemen or janitors that are too expensive to automate efficiently and that locals look down on . 
  those kind of jobs could be done by immigrants imo . 
  germany does n't thrive on highly skilled work though , most of it 's gdp comes from a really high participation in factory work and other low skill jobs . 
  they ` banned ' it from their freshmen expo , i can kind of imagine not allowing some super edgy magazine on an expo where you 're trying to get freshmen to join your union . 
  offending them right away seems like a bad plan then . 
  final and binding judgement : storm in a glass of water, 
  nothing but the sharpest edge since the gilette fusion, 
  you consider that heavily upvoted ? 
  editorialized anti-immigration posts receive way more upvotes than this , even though this is a far higher quality submission than some hungarian local newspaper . 
  nothing unites a people more than a common enemy , so we 'll see i guess . 
  at least we live in interesting times . 
  not disagreeing with your overall post , but that document is dated february 2016 . 
  we do n't know what language about isds in any further provisions is . 
  edit ( [ taken from here ] ( http://atlanticsentinel.com/2016/10/what-did-walloons-get-from-resisting-canada-trade-pact/ ) ) : the amendment includes a request to the european court of justice to rule if investor-state tribunals created by the pact are compatible with eu law . 
  other concessions include an evaluation of the treaty 's environmental impact and the provision that wallonia is allowed to opt out of its more liberal agricultural trade regime if its domestic market is flooded by cheap canadian imports . 
  the four extra pages also reiterate belgium 's opposition to genetically modified food products . 
  deconstructing a text is critically looking at how and why a text holds certain meaning , from what notions that meaning is derived and how it came to be . 
  basically it 's just really deeply analyzing a text/work/concept . 
  because that would be wrong ? 
  the staten-generaal is both first and 2nd chamber combined . 
  i do agree that it sounds badass though , it was what i wanted to become when i was a kid . 
  preventive action ? 
  these people have not even done anything wrong and yet you label them all as criminals . 
  that 's sure to help with integration , treating them not even as citizens , but as intruders even before you 've even judged their actual asylum application . 
  lol get a grip , do you wet yourself at night worrying about the evil intruders coming to take you from your home ? 
  i 'll bite : if you have valid reasons to think certain customers would disrupt your place of business ( such as hobos , who have poor hygiene and can be disruptive ) you can refuse them entry . 
  however we as a society have decided that to prevent discrimination , no , it 's not ok to refuse people * based * on their gender , religion or the color of their skin . 
  if you apply this principle to your examples i 'm sure you 'll be able to piece things together . 
  probably been watching too much breaking bad . 
  already forgot about breivik ? 
  he promised the referendum during the last election to win support of euroskeptic voters . 
  he never wanted uk to actually exit . 
  i suggest you read the linked framework because it goes into far more detail than my , admittedly badly , summarization . 
  for example it also says member states can choose to only sanction those manner of conducts that are likely to disturb public order . 
  then they did n't let me drink water out of the toilet , and i did n't speak out but i did n't drown because i could still get it from any running tap, 
  from the hate speech code of conduct :  llegal hate speech , as defined by the framework decision 2008/913/jha of 28 november 2008 [ this framework ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2008:328:0055:0058:en:pdf ) is basically just saying member states need to enact rules that make it illegal to either incite people to racism , or condoning , denying or grossly trivialising crimes against humanity , genocide or war crimes . 
  so these companies will take a look at what national laws exist , and draw a line in the sand somewhere in the middle of all these laws . 
  so basically they will take laws * that already exist * and compare them with their own regulations and community guidelines - the latter of which is probably already way more strict than that which is sanctioned by law . 
  so , the world is not ending , calm your beards , you can still share racist memes on facebook . 
  i would like to end this post which most likely will not be read at all with the following quote which is ** straight out of the actual code of conduct which obviously noone bothered to read ** :  the it companies and the european commission also stress the need to defend the right to freedom of expression , which , as the european court of human rights has stated , `` is applicable not only to `` information '' or `` ideas '' that are favourably received or regarded as inoffensive or as a matter of indifference , but also to those that offend , shock or disturb the state or any sector of the population . 
   of course they are going to only block hateful comments and will surely leave comments that are well researched and have facts to prove their point i mean ... we are talking about youtube twitter and facebook comments here . 
  not really a bastion of rational thought . 
  thought this was about shevchenko . 
  that 's too bad . 
  how can hotels compete when they have to adhere to strict ( safety ) regulations and pay tourist tax while anyone can put his house on airbnb ? 
  even if that were true , which it 's not , you do n't see anything wrong with government mandated courses ? 
  you might not like what those type of courses teach but it 's only a small part of the university , gender studies just represents 1 out of 19 different faculties that exist there . 
  still seem like such a waste of talent and knowledge in a country already struggling with a huge brain drain . 
  that 's a neil armstrong leap in logic right there . 
  [ no , they 're not left-wing at all . 
  ] ( https://decorrespondent.nl/6208/de-pvv-is-economisch-helemaal-niet-links-integendeel/373481344192-92be8b24 ), 
  it 's actually quite amazing how people can be so critical of the so-called msm when their side is actually in bed with journalists who support their agenda . 
  it seems like the people crying about fake news are the people who benefit most from it . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't think not wanting refugees makes you far-right , however crying about cultural marxism is a huge red flag . 
  i guess we all feel as if our own view is understated . 
  you left cause it 's too left ? 
  just read this comment thread mate . 
  but like i said refugee threads really bring out the stormfront brigade . 
  well when drivel like ` cultural marxism has destroyed europe ' gets upvoted to +20 that 's a pretty good indication it 's far right . 
  i must say most of these basement dwellers only come out of the woodworks for refugee threads , overall it 's pretty well balanced though . 
  quality recipe and very easy , great when you forgot to do groceries . 
  i got it from this channel which also has some other great recipes : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjuiwdm__qw, 
  that 's only one part of his argument , the other one is that 71 % of immigrants are from outside of the eu . 
  i 'm not sure how reliable that number is but i 'm pretty sure eu has never said that you have to allow non-eu immigrants ( yet ) . 
  also just because brits regret them does n't necessarily mean the policies are bad . 
  that seems like an unfair comparison , france has aa status unlike argentina at the time which was running a huge defecit and unlikely to pay back even after restructuring, 
  that 's a pretty outrageous claim , what creditor would refuse repayment in a different currency just because they can ? 
  then they risk getting nothing . 
  . . he unironically says while linking to the express, 
  it is not if those laws predate the guideline . 
  however i highly doubt that is the case in a lot of areas . 
  is n't that kind of the point though ? 
  eu mandates new regulation , however it is up to member-states to write it themselves , as long as the minimum criteria set by the eu is upheld . 
  unless i 'm understanding you incorrectly . 
  apparently it was the security who was doing the shooting . 
  i 'm actually amazed at how each sentence you wrote is even more ignorant than the previous one . 
  said the russian shill !, 
  well germany and russia have been meddling in each others internal politics for over a 100 years so it would be a shame if they gave up such a beautiful tradition . 
  the echr has struck down a similar data retention law in the netherlands . 
  however there has been talk of u lot quitting that too .
