  but it 's a lot easier to blame a population group for failing/not wanting to integrate instead of looking at where the integration process failed . 
  because / r/europe is now your echo chamber and people who would like to see other discussion are no longer allowed ? 
  nice . 
  damn mods , we could have another a quality discussion on the pros and cons of immigration !, 
  since only 75 % of the frontpage is about this topic , i for one still have lots to say about it . 
  right wing news source : the news is controlled by leftists !, 
  what kind of shitty spy carries his spying assignments with him on a mission ? 
  good idea for immigration megathread x, 
  what now eu fanstraights ? 
  4head elegiggle, 
  lol nice wall of text buddy . 
  how about you summarize it or do you honestly expect people to read to 20 blogs . 
  just because you disagree with him does n't mean he 's a shill . 
  that was dissapointing , they were not very good at all . 
  the echr is a separate institution from the eu though , they would have to leave the council of europe which is frankly ridiculous . 
  nah , netherlands will forever be butthurt about wc2006 and ec2012 ( slightly less ) . 
  plus they have ronaldo so at least half of the world population hate them for it . 
  fair enough . 
  it does seem like a lot of trouble for something that is ultimately not very fulfilling . 
  why did n't you apply cvt ? 
  i think you would make an excellent mod . 
  looks pretty awesome tbh, 
  hahaha those finnish guys were great . 
  probably my favorite so far . 
  try arabier , oerbier , brugse zot , tempelier and straffe hendrik . 
  that was an awesome weekend in bruge . 
  nice , might have to check that out, 
  can you ski there ? 
  just reddit in general i suppose, 
  i was gon na make a joke comment about savannajeff shilling for ttip again but someone already made that comment . 
  next you 're gon na tell me that isds is actually completely standard in trade agreements ? 
  first of all you 're the one who said ` even if they did use firebombs ' so i stuck with that . 
  secondly you do n't think burning stuff to ` protest ' is going a bit far ? 
  like what if they burn wooden crosses you think that would be fine ? 
  saying stuff like ` well , no wonder they got mad ' is excusing their actions . 
  i 'm also pretty sure we had freedom of movement before 2015 . 
  just because you 're scared or mad does n't mean you should fucking firebomb a place of worship . 
  also we do n't even know yet if the brussels terrorists came here with the refugee influx , the perpetrators of the in paris attacks at least did not . 
  this is exactly the kind of rhetoric which has left the us unable to ban guns , and look how that 's working out for them . 
  also if something is legal there will be a much bigger supply than when it 's illegal . 
  stop denying the truth dude . 
  this guy knows what 's * really * happening in our country . 
  based on this one editorialized article . 
  no , based on precedent set by uk judges . 
  i suggest you read some of the other comments in this thread to educate yourself on international law . 
  what fines ? 
  this is a ruling by a uk judge ... 
  is n't that the same principle of soldarity that we use in all welfare states ? 
  why should i pay more than anyone who earns less than me ? 
  would n't that also make it virtually impossible to ever get out of the hole ? 
  also seems like it would deter people to get a job as they could possibly earn less than while on welfare , but obviously i do n't know the exact numbers . 
  no , just tired . 
  do we really need to make every topic a disccusion about left vs. right ? 
  unfortunately the ` will of the people ' is not as streamlined as you make it out to be , although populist rhetoric might make you think so . 
  therefore there will be compromises and that is what you should judge your politicians on . 
  if we remove politicians as soon we do not agree with their policy no democratic progress will ever be made . 
  he 's not being called venomous for his anti-immigration stance , but for his anti-democratic policies . 
  that 's not it at all , it 's just that prefacing posts with ` as a part of group x ' does not really give you authority to speak on behalf of that group . 
  no need to get so snarky , i did n't mean offense . 
   proof of their identity should be a condition sine qua non in order to submit an application . 
  how exactly do you imagine that ? 
  it can be quite hard to get a state issued passport in a war-torn country . 
  that way only rich asylum seekers would be able to apply for asylum . 
  it 's actually an interesting battle between reddit 's false rape claim hysteria and it 's outright racism towards arabs . 
  amnesty international , what a sham organization . 
  how dare they fight for human rights * everywhere * . 
  you should be grateful the uk is being held to a higher standard than saudi arabia . 
  i mean , did you read the article ? 
  it calls out the relevant acts in no uncertain terms - it really does n't leave much open to interpretation . 
  are we still propagating this nonsense ? 
  only extremists will call you a neo nazi if you are against immigration . 
  just like some extremists against immigration will call everyone who does n't mind immigration as much a bleeding heart liberal who wants open borders . 
  saying stuff like this is only polarizing the debate even more and as such somewhat of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  how about ' i hate western society , western decadence is the root of all evil '' and other polemic that certain imams preach ? 
   this mission creep can not be justified by the `` ever closer union '' statement , because no one thought that meant federal europe at the time . 
  it meant a union in a more general sense : a solidarity between peoples , a common european identity to supplement national identities . 
  does it not still mean that ? 
  the prembule talks of an ever closer union between the people of europe . 
  indeed , certain member states rally for a more federalized form of the eu but i do n't recall that being based on some meaningless words in a preamble . 
  as for a two speed single market , that will be problematic . 
  being a part of the single market means you will always have to respect the judiciary and regulative aspects of that market , otherwise the single market will fail . 
  i do n't think being able to cherrypick legislation is going to work . 
  in my opinion , being able to influence the eu into restricting itself to legislate only on aspects relevant to the single market is more important . 
  i think that will only be realizable from the inside . 
  therefore i hope the uk will stay in the eu . 
  been listening to some [ kraftklub ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhlfix7t46o ) . 
  pretty good stuff kinda like the german strokes but a bit less serious . 
  any recommendations for similar stuff ? 
   it 's also funny how in the most migrant-accepting country in europe , sweden , has majority of it 's anti-migrant population voting for an anti-migrant party , the sd , are in areas with highest concentration of immigrants . 
  i doubt that . 
  here in the netherlands wilders ' freedom party is by far most popular in regions where there are barely any immigrants . 
  but also todd terje !, 
  if you consider this critical thinking or satire then you have really really low standards . 
  what 's the threshold currently in poland ? 
  i believe turkey got sued in the echr for having a 7 % threshold which was deemed undemocratic . 
  if one person calls you an asshole , fuck him . 
  if two persons call you an asshole , screw them both . 
  if three persons call you an idiot , maybe you should you should check if you are not brown and full of shit . 
  what 's so bad about it ? 
  i mean i have no clue what he 's singing about but it sounds nice .
