  one thing ukip gets right is the whole `` westminster elite '' rhetoric . 
  our greedy , self-serving politicians would be the ones that lose out in the transition to a federated europe , so it 's essential for them , and their cronies in the media , to distract people from the fact that the biggest negative influence on this country comes from within its borders . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.facebook.com/britiainfurst?fref=ts ) makes an excellent antidote . 
  except for those of us who do share the rest of the continent 's views . 
  still , i do n't feel any great connection with the country so if it ever came to it i guess i 'd just leave . 
  nothing to do with economic class . 
  i myself am most definitely from a low-income background . 
  it 's a question of whether people believe everything they read in the papers , or whether they can be bothered to form informed opinions based on actual facts . 
  because it might remind the great british unwashed that political union has brought peace and stability to europe , and that does n't fit in with the media 's and the politicians ' narrative of the eu as a corrupt evil empire that 's out to take their jarrrbs . 
  pathetic i know , but i do n't expect anything better of our country anymore . 
  holy crap , russia actually pays people to do this ? 
  is that just a result of aging/poorly maintained infrastructure , or is the line through difficult terrain ? 
  murdoch has his hands in * everything * . 
  it 's his papers that push the anti-eu agenda so heavily . 
  again , there does n't seem to be an obvious reason why he would do this , but there must be money standing to be made somewhere . 
  well good for you . 
  but you 're one person out of seven hundred million , united by geography and economic and political union . 
  if a majority of them desire federalism then that ** is ** democratic . 
  democracy has to be about give and take - you ca n't say you want out as soon as a decision is made that you do n't like - it would be like my town deciding they did n't like the result of the general election and demanding to leave the uk . 
  and what is it that makes your goals and heritage so different from other europeans ? 
  we have all been through many of the same experiences . 
  we all want broadly similar things . 
  sure , there may be differences , but again democracy is a give and take . 
  if we are n't willing to accept that things wo n't always go our way , then yes , we should turn our back on the benefits that membership of the common market ( and perhaps an eventual federal europe ) bring . 
  but that is a terribly petulant , childish attitude to take . 
  forming a formal declaration of rights would be a symbolic gesture , just as it was when the us did it . 
  the informal nature of the british constitution does n't decrease it 's potency . 
  there is little support for a formal constitution for the same reason gay marriage was a relatively minor issue . 
  gay couples were n't being denied privileges afforded to married couples , and our rights are no worse protected than in other countries . 
  so change simply for change 's sake is deemed unnecessary . 
  or for a third option , we could grow up and accept that , like it or not , globally the future is a post national one . 
  we can choose to embrace that fact and be a part of creating something new , and work towards a federal europe that works for all its citizens . 
  or we can sit on the sidelines and watch . 
  if that happens , whether europe succeeds or fails becomes irrelevant . 
  as an isolated nation state , shrunken from the likely independence of scotland , the remainder of the uk simply would n't have the bargaining power to deal with economic powers on fair terms . 
  they 're also spread all over the bloody world , as opposed to on our doorstep , connected by an underwater high speed railway . 
  how do you get class to be state mandated ? 
  literally the only difference between republic and monarchy is that in a monarchy , one family out of millions gets to be the royal family . 
  no one else gets to , yes , but they do n't either in a republic so people are no worse off . 
  what in my mind makes the bbc special is that while they may display a bias , it tends to be toward that of the * viewers * as opposed to many news outlets in this country , which swing heavily toward the bias of rupert murdoch . 
  unfortunately of late more and more people are being corrupted by the misinformation and outright lies his papers tell and public opinion is shifting , so we 've seen the disappointing recent ( and ongoing ) rise in xenophobia and racism . 
  as native speakers of english your and my countries are incredibly lucky in that we learn the world 's de facto universal language from birth . 
  for us , learning other languages is , more or less , a courtesy . 
  for those in other countries , it 's a necessity to take part in the modern global economy . 
  not that this excuses the poor language literacy of most brits and americans , it 's just a that we do n't have the same pressures that other countries do . 
  `` foreign '' people ( ie . 
  non-native speakers ) often tell me that english is much easier to learn than their languages . 
  i always think this is wrong , because compared to most languages , english is hilariously irregular , inconsistent , and generally nonsensical . 
  it 's the rest of europe 's fault though , because you 've been invading us pretty much nonstop for the last 2000 years , english is just this crazy patchwork of bits of most languages ever spoken in europe . 
  it 's idiomatic , but the english equivalent is a caveat or a downside . 
  an aside , but wow that 's expensive . 
  i can get that quantity of spices for less than a quid ( < $ 1.60 ish ) here in england . 
  it seems to be a fairly trendy producer though so perhaps that 's why . 
  this . 
  as a result of friendly cooperation between nations europe has been at peace ( in the west at least ) for longer than at any other time in its history . 
  which is yet another reason why it 's bonkers to try and undo what 's been achieved . 
   loss of sovereignty out of all the bullshit arguments used by eurosceptics , this has to be the worst . 
  i have yet to be given a straight answer as to exactly what sovereignty is being lost , what magical powers our country must take back from brussels . 
  right now , the ep is doing a better job of representing its citizens than any national government , especially ours . 
  as it 's topical currently , lets take net neutrality as an example : the ep is trying to ensure unfettered internet access for all eu citizens , while our own government is actively practising censorship . 
  wow , who invited the mail online commenters ? 
  why is that such a bad thing ? 
  in a future where china and one day africa are set to become the dominant world powers what hope does a small isolated nation state have of remaining relevant ? 
  a united europe is far more likely to remain politically and economically relevant , and hence ensure prosperity and stability for its citizens in the years to come . 
  perhaps it 's a generational thing , but the whole concept of patriotism is totally alien to me . 
  it boils down to an irrational reverence for a set of lines on a map , and another way of classing people as ` different ' . 
  i 'd have thought as europeans , we should be only too aware of the bad places that can lead . 
  and from the same experiences , we ought also to remember that we are far stronger together than apart . 
  i see this as the first step towards reform . 
  that 's why it 's so laughable that our government is trying to derail it . 
  then why should we exit the eu ? 
  if we are constrained by the same standards but no longer have a say in them , then other than the fake patriotism of ` bringing powers back to westminster ' what is the benefit of leaving ? 
  no , i think most people can see where he 's coming from . 
  there are at least some immigrants who do n't integrate at all . 
  in the uk it 's pakistani muslim communities ( apparently they 're due to the eu ) . 
  i 'll stress : i have absolutely no problem with people immigrating as long as there are jobs for them to fill and places for them to stay . 
  but somewhere along the line it does need to be made clear that immigration makes you part of a new country and it 's not ok to refuse to accept new laws and cultures in favour of those from your place of origin . 
  otherwise immigrants are being as xenophobic as the far-right-wing types who advocate their immediate deportation . 
  and net neutrality . 
  they vote against * everything * no matter how beneficial it might be for the country . 
  it 's disproportionately the older generations that hold these views : younger people have grown up with the children of immigrants and understand they are no different from anyone else . 
  to put it bluntly , until the baby boomers ' generation have died off , progressivism will be held back here in europe just as in america . 
  what is worrying is that , certainly in my country but i suspect across europe , is that there is a growing class of poorly-educated people who , largely fuelled by a hateful , dishonest gutter press , are developing racist and xenophobic views of their own . 
  how often do you guys mix up each others ' flags ? 
  if we 're playing that game : the * educated * british public have had enough of your backwards views . 
  i voted green because they are the only party standing in clear opposition to ukip 's most definitely regressive views . 
  i 've yet to be given a proper explanation of exactly what `` powers '' we have given up to the eu , nor why it 's such a big deal if we have . 
  albeit with import/export duties applied . 
  or maybe we 'll be in the same boat as norway : access to the open market , but constrained to adopt eu laws without any say in their making . 
  the eu wo n't simply pretend nothing is different and carry on trading with us as if nothing has changed . 
  and i really do n't understand why people care so much about where our laws are made . 
  as long as we 've had a say in voting for them , why does it matter if the bill is signed in brussels rather than westminster ? 
  a common argument is that ` we did n't vote for them ' . 
  well so what ? 
  if the uk does leave the eu i certainly wo n't have voted for that , but do i get a choice in that ? 
  democracy is about give and take , and people need to grow up and realise that . 
  when they have some decent ideas they 'll get my respect . 
  at the moment they are a populist party that promotes policies actively harmful to the country . 
  why should i be anything less than disparaging ? 
  i do n't know where you were that crimes like that seemed common .
