  so i do n't think it simply is an ideological argument - the people in the northern parts of the uk have a clearly different idea for their futures and want the freedom to be able to pursue that . 
  perhaps racist is not the right word , i did n't choose it . 
  a better one would be nationalist : ukip thinks that british people are somehow better and more deserving than other europeans . 
  which is an odd stance for an ostensibly libertarian party to have : surely all should be given equal footing in an open and fair competition ? 
  we am . 
  first thing that comes to mind , the candidate from a constituency a few miles down the road from me : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-lancashire-32555535 41 other candidates have been suspended for outbursts or irregularities of some kind . 
  that the party attracts these kinds of people is a indicator of how poor a job it would do of reasonable and effective government . 
  not to mention the fact that they are still fundamentally a single-issue party with no credible policy to bring to the table , other than pulling up the drawbridge and keeping the immigrants out . 
  my constituency was ultra-marginal in 2010 with the conservatives coming out on top . 
  this time round , the labour candidate is polling to win comfortably - we 're a university city so the lib dems have haemorrhaged votes particularly badly - so i do n't have to worry about voting tactically . 
  as such i 'm voting green , more for the candidate 's promises for the local area than anything else . 
  it 's definitely an interesting election for those on the left - a labour-led government seems likely enough that people feel able to vote for anti-austerity parties , but at the same time there 's a nagging fear that if everyone does so , things could misfire completely . 
  you can go for `` racist scum '' or `` economically illiterate morons '' . 
  the latter describes all the parties though , so in the interest of clarity it 's best to stick with `` racist scum '' . 
  it is n't freedom unless we 've repatriated it from the unelected eurocrats !, 
  ( i hope poe 's law does n't need to be invoked here ), 
  the eu is * literally hitler * . 
  any better ? 
  i 've got eight chrome tabs , three adobe documents , and an excel sheet open right now , which i would n't call a particularly power-usery workload , and am sitting at 4.1 gb used . 
  there 's been two solar magnetic events in succession . 
  the first one disrupted the earth 's magnetic field , which has meant the second one has had an unusually large effect . 
  in theory a single , massive storm could have the same effect but one big enough is very rare . 
  europe 's population is roughly double the us ' . 
  i understand little of the american attitude to guns , but this is the biggest mystery to me . 
  why is the right to shoot at things inalienable and absolute , but other things that have long been recognised as rights elsewhere , like universal medical care , decent employment laws and ( for women ) control over their own bodies , are hugely politically controversial ? 
  from a european point of view it seems a very odd set of priorities . 
  not really , because each phase is still only carrying 120v so you still need thick ( expensive , heavy ) cables to deliver a large amount of power . 
  sounds strangely familiar ... 
   when it is said out loud , you are shouted down ( or minused  because you are implying that gay people are not normal . 
  which , while technically true in that they are a minority , has unpleasant discriminatory overtones . 
  it must be so depressing to have such a pessimistic view of the future . 
  at least `` we younger generations '' are trying to fix the previous generations ' messes and make the world a better place . 
  and perhaps we will turn out to be as misguided as you think , but we 'll be able to say we made a go of it , rather than gave up at the first hurdle and retreated to backwards isolationism . 
  what makes it any more odd than being patriotic for a set of lines on a map ? 
  sixty years ago europe was ravaged by war ; since then , the evolution toward cooperation of which the eu is the culmination has led to peace , prosperity , comparative economic stability , and the freedom to travel and live anywhere on the continent . 
  as such , i think there 's actually an argument that in living memory the eu represents more that one could be proud of than an individual country does - although evidently , here in the uk that is something of a minority opinion . 
  so when boris makes his claims that we 'll have single market access without free movement , he 's bullshitting completely ( again ) and the uk has no say on the conditions of exit ? 
  haha we 're so fucked ... especially after ol' nige insulted the entire ep today . 
  well , they change their minds , or they end up on the streets . 
  hate the xenophobic ones , but remember that many of us are just caught up in this horrific mess . 
  incorrect , the [ police are investigating ] ( http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/reports-of-no-more-polish-vermin-signs-distributed-in-huntingdon/story-29443411-detail/story.html ) . 
  [ from the other link ] ( http://www.londonspovertyprofile.org.uk/indicators/1_6.gif ) . 
  so both links have white british as the largest ethnic group , and have london as being majority white overall . 
  the reason you 're a racist is because none of this matters to normal people , who do n't judge the right of each londoner to live in the city by their ethnic background . 
  but go on insulting me if it makes you feel better , and for the record i 'm neither a kid nor do i work in a cafe . 
  from the link : ethnic group | number | % age -- | -- | -- white : english/welsh/scottish / northern irish/british | 3,669,284 | 44.9 white : total | 4,887,435 | 59.8 mixed/multiple ethnic group : total | 405,279 | 5.0 asian/asian british : total | 1,511,546 | 18.4 black/african/caribbean / black british : total | 1,088,640 | 13.3 other ethnic group : total | 281,041 | 3.4 so do n't worry , your little racist head can sleep quietly . 
  the scary black people have n't taken over yet . 
  it 's entirely possible to be left wing and still accept the existence of market forces . 
  if someone is willing and able to work for less than you are , your employer will probably look to replace you . 
  representation by trade unions and legislation on working conditions and the minimum wage exist to prevent abuse of this . 
  the left 's solution should be to provide funding and support for people who are displaced by cheap migrant labour to retrain ; also required is a bit of aspiration on their part . 
  the fact is that the days of a guaranteed job for life are over , whatever your background or career . 
  the causes for this are far more complex than immigration in isolation , so all we can do is adapt to make the best of it . 
   traditionally english-looking woman never heard of the ` english rose ' ? 
  it 's the arrival of mcd 's and spray tan that 's derailed things somewhat . 
  they 're full of fat old englishmen ( disclaimer : am fit-ish young englishman ), 
  i 'll try and talk about both sides ; i will be voting to remain so obviously that does affect my opinions . 
   free trade many economists are in agreement . 
  maybe every single one of them are acting out of vested interests , but i think that 's difficult to believe . 
   free movement i agree ; my career is one that benefits from free access to europe . 
  it 's not surprising that those disadvantaged by the converse are anti-eu . 
  while a successful economy will always be a pull factor for immigrants , there 's no reason that a government that was serious about helping displaced native workers develop new skills , encouraging the integration of immigrants , and crucially building new houses ( we need them regardless of immigration ) could n't deal with this . 
   subsidies there 's also the fact that the eu is unaffected by the national governments ' london-centric bias on spending : look at the number of projects with eu finance in south wales and northern england ( incidentally , areas that have suffered deprivation largely due to the actions of national government ) . 
   ttip this is a genuine concern . 
  the tories are pro-ttip , so even in the event of a leave vote we could still end up signing . 
  i do n't know in which scenario its passage is more likely , but at least within the eu there are other anti-ttip voices ( we have labour but as an opposition party there 's not much they could do ) . 
   quite often the eu is described as one of the most undemocratic systems in the world . 
  by people pushing a particular political agenda . 
  it 's just as easy to argue that the eu is * more * democratic than our own parliament - for example , it uses proportional representation . 
  it has members who are not directly elected by the people , but many democracies do - again comparing to our own government : the lords , and if you 're a tory supporter or a labour supporter that is n't a member of the party , the leader of your own party - they 're elected as an mp but you do n't get to choose them as leader . 
   uk influence as above , as one of the most populous countries in the eu we have among the highest levels of representation . 
  we also have the ability to veto any law ( as does every member ) . 
  unfortunately we somewhat shoot ourselves in the foot by electing lots of ukip meps who have chronically poor attendance records . 
   reform many across europe agree , including for example giving individual states more leeway , alleviating the situation you describe where smaller states get overruled by a consensus that might be bad for them . 
  reforms are gradually happening already : for example , farage 's recent cause c\u00e9l\u00e8bre of the fishing industry . 
  within the last few years , arbitrary quotas were replaced by ones based on what are believed to be sustainable levels by marine biologists . 
  the policy of discarding excess catches was also ended . 
   the leaders of the leave campaign do n't underestimate their populist appeal . 
  a leave vote will be implicit support for bojo and gove as challengers to cameron 's leadership , while the opposite will give him a ( probably lesser ) degree of support . 
  i do n't vote tory so this is n't really important to me , but for someone who prefers one kind of conservative over the other this could be a valid concern . 
   uncertainty bang on imo . 
  change is unavoidable in all circumstances , but leaving the eu would be a sudden shock , with such a wide area of effect that it 's difficult to imagine it `` all coming out in the wash '' , at least in the short to medium term . 
  ___ so there 's an even more massive response , but hopefully one that also helps . 
  so many people are going to be voting purely on emotions in this referendum that every extra person that comes to a thoughtful decision is a success , whichever way they decide . 
  the left once opposed the eec for it 's support of globalisation ( as it should continue to do e.g over ttip ) , but the eu has also acted to protect worker 's rights and the environment . 
  so i think there 's an element of `` damned if they do , damned if they do n't '' if labour takes a side - especially given corbyn 's provenance . 
  that said , i think it 's mostly just that the tories ' infighting has been so dominant that none of the other parties have had much of a look in . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  this might be a nice ideal , but it 'll likely never be feasible . 
  the vast majority of people will never be well-informed enough to make sensible , informed decisions about every single aspect of government . 
  ( of course , the same could probably be said of most politicians ... ), 
  they 're horrifically mercenary when it comes to facebook . 
  they drum up support with ` likes for this veteran/this girl with cancer ' type posts and slip the right wing fanaticism in between those . 
  an odd set of priorities , given that the eu parliament is much more forward-thinking in its method of operation than our national one . 
   a stable currency because the economic crisis was such a non-event in britain ... 
   it would be stupid for a country like germany to harm their own economy out of sheer spite for the uk . 
  the point is that the harm to the rest of the eu is comparatively small . 
  so the eu will take as hardline a stance as it needs to adequately show that leaving the eu will have consequences . 
  resulting economic impact in the eu will be a very secondary concern . 
  germany loses one out of 27 possible trading partners .
