we 're not great but i think ` most ' is probably a little unfair . 
  i 'm at uni ~ 100km south of carlisle and i there are far fewer fat people here than in the london overspill town i grew up in . 
  that was also the home of the highest teenage pregnancy rates in * europe * so this may not be that surprising . 
  sf is one of the few cities in america i 'd visit for reasons other than they 're where the airport is . 
  i ( apparently mistakenly ! ), 
  assumed the chart was referring to electricity generation in power stations . 
  i 'm surprised so much oil is used actually - in the uk oil-fuelled power plants are a last resort used only in winter shortages , because they 're just not economical to run . 
  the western parts are lovely , lots of traditional architecture , wonderful scenery , and no drunk germans ( or brits ) !, 
  east anglia is geographically very similar too : much of the land there has been reclaimed from the sea just like in the netherlands . 
  alex salmond ( i want to break free ) , leader of the snp ; and alistair darling ( rick roll ) , who 's a scottish mp and held various ministerial positions in the labour governments . 
  gordon brown ( the previous pm ) makes a brief appearance as well . 
  he 's normal sized ; just has tiny legs . 
  [ hokusai would disagree with you there . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/tako_to_ama_retouched.jpg ) the japanese have had a somewhat odd relationship with tentacles for a long time . 
  following scottish independence , the tories made the redistribution of wealth illegal leaving robin no choice but to migrate across the border , only to find that the collapse of the scottish pound means no one has any money anyway . 
  he was last seen auditioning for the scottish edition of * benefits street . 
  i know , i am one !, 
  and the same could be said for every person that 's been shafted by the welfare ` reforms ' , especially the most vulnerable among them such as the disabled . 
  there are probably some other affected groups as well . 
  but there are many more middle-income people who wo n't have felt much impact from the current government 's policies . 
  example : my parents , who are actually better off than they were in 2010 , neither in spite or because of the government 's policies but independent of them ; for them life has just gone on and will continue to do so after the next election . 
  they do vote and are politically active but they do n't necessarily have to in order to maintain their livelihood . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:the_british_empire.png#mediaviewer/file:the_british_empire.png ), 
  i put it that way to try and emphasise that it was n't ` foretold ' that english would become a global language - otherwise it might appear as if i was using imperialist `` english is better than other languages so of course it became the global tongue '' thinking . 
  that said , i think english makes a good candidate for a common language - especially in europe - since it 's such a hodgepodge of different european languages . 
  nevertheless it amazes me how well people can learn english as a non-native language . 
  i was living with a german last ( academic ) year , and even though i studied german for five years at school , i still make clumsy errors all over the place whereas her english was pretty much perfect . 
  thankfully the language barrier is rapidly disappearing - which was bound to happen eventually , we 're just lucky that english was ` chosen ' as the global language . 
  i always start by asking people `` imagine that overnight the uk has become part of a federalised europe . 
  what is different about your life ? '', 
  and the fact is that , just as many people go from one domestic government to the next without really noticing , the vast majority would n't notice much fundamental changes . 
  the only people that definitely lose out are our national politicians , and i suspect that they , through the manipulative power of mass media , are behind promoting euroscepticism to protect their power . 
  i do n't know if that makes me sound like a foil hat wearer , but to be honest it 's exactly the kind of thing i 'd expect from our governments . 
  we could call them ... boats !, 
  think you 're a little confused : [ surrey ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/surrey,+uk/@51.2715146,-0.3953564,10z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x47df555ad5122581:0xd55283445c034277?hl=en ) is a county , not a city . 
  it 's located immediately to the southwest of london - parts even lie within the m25 so could be categorised as part of the greater london conurbation - and is notable for being the most expensive place to live in the uk outside of the city . 
  so unless you 're a millionaire , probably not the best part of the country to consider moving to ( from the us ? ) . 
  but as regards public transport , with the exceptions of remote parts of scotland , wales or northern england , there will be decent bus and rail services anywhere . 
  depending on where you want to go , there 's [ tons of trains too !, 
  ] ( http://new.surreycc.gov.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0020/7922/surrey_rail_map_web.pdf ), 
  the buses are yeah , and the card readers are for the similarly coloured [ oyster card ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oyster_card ) . 
  * especially  also , `` good ideas are worth being copied '' is better . 
  get ready to dodge angrily thrown empty bottles of whiskey . 
  this is true everywhere in the uk and western europe , and much of eastern europe too . 
  where are you from that that comes as a surprise ? 
  because it never is . 
  privatisation of services is never in the interest of the general public , only the prospective shareholders . 
  so the lhc accelerates particles up to 99 . alotofnines % of the speed of light . 
  if we wanted to add another nine on to the end of that figure , the collider we 'd have to build would have a diameter about equal to that of neptune 's orbit around the sun . 
  oh dear , i 'm bad at flags . 
  i guess i mentally swapped out blue for black and thought you were from belgium haha . 
  so ignore all of that , that 's what i get for trying to write comments at 1am !, 
  it 's campus accomodation , they 're `` townhouses '' and have the living area across the whole ground floor and three floors of four bedrooms above , with a bathroom shared between two bedrooms . 
  i should add that i 'm not paying for this out of pocket , my student loan/grant covers the rent with a couple hundred # left over . 
  next year i 'll be renting a place privately which will be about # 90 a week . 
  all these figures are inclusive of bills , insurance etc. 
  too . 
  -- deleted since i 'm an idiot --, 
  i 'm in the nw of england and pay about # 430 a month . 
  if it 's been a while since you were at uni , campus rents have gone up a ridiculous amount over the past few years . 
  $ 30/month ? 
  christ that 's cheap , even though you 're sharing . 
  moving out for the summer at the end of this week , but been paying ~ # 110 ( ~ $ 125 ) * a week * for the past year . 
   europe is n't that multicultural heh heh heh . 
  i agree that more context is needed . 
  from the ons release , the growth rate is actually slightly below the decade average . 
  the technology is actually more advanced than you think . 
  i spent a few days at the predecessor to iter , the joint european torus in oxfordshire . 
  the break-even point ( as much energy liberated as is supplied ) has actually been reached multiple times there and current research is in fact into making the reaction stable enough to last for more than a minute or two . 
  if your politicians do n't listen then that is because you elected bad politicians , nothing to do with the eu . 
  compared to my national parliament , the ep is actually more democratic since it uses proportional representation . 
  also , they 've been united with a common currency and , more importantly , language . 
  the eu actually has a comparable or slightly greater gdp than the states although our population is more than double that of america so per capita we definitely have some catching up to do . 
  the opinion is largely generated by politicians and their allies in the media though . 
  for the average person i think very little would change if the uk were to become part of a federal europe , much as those who are n't politically active go from one government to the next and notice little difference . 
  instead , the big losers are our national politicians , so they have a clear motivation to prevent the public from warming to the idea . 
  at the end of the day the opinion of the british public is the only reason that will count for anything . 
  but you are correct in saying that that opinion is not a particularly well-infomed one at present . 
  yes it is . 
  as brits , trust us , our manufacturing sector is shite . 
  we export much less than germany does and our economy is heavily dependent on the financial services sector ( this is the main reason why there 's such a severe wealth disparity between london and the rest of the country ) . 
  i think it 's unfair to blame the euro entirely for spain 's problems . 
  it 's economy would be in a poor state regardless of the currency used , the euro does n't magically cause unemployment . 
  if you 're a federalist you would n't see anything wrong with that though . 
  personally i do n't have much confidence in or respect for our national parliament . 
  i do n't really care whether the laws that affect us are made in westminster or brussels as long as we have a better say in making them . 
  if we had a federal europe with an elected parliament in control then i would n't mind that . 
  despite the sensationalism of the media , the actual impact in most people 's day to day lives would be pretty insignificant . 
  * the eu is controlled by the leaders of european countries , and by meps . 
  meps are chosen by voting in the european elections , and obviously our leader is chosen as the result of a general election . 
  we have representation proportional to our population , and demanding more would be undemocratic . 
  * the government pays a sum towards eu membership . 
  this figure takes no account of how much money uk individuals and businesses receive as a result of eu trade . 
  * mass immigration only occurs if there are jobs available . 
  the uk is hardly a socialist paradise so if immigrants really did just want to freeload they 'd be stupid to come here . 
  in fact , immigrants are much more likely to be in work than native citizens . 
  the ukip vote is offensive because they trump out these tired old arguments every time as valid , whereas in fact ukip has failed to produce anything supporting them being a legitimate political party . 
  they do n't even have an official manifesto . 
  most of that is because they 're told it would be a bad thing .
