  i 've been here all my life in various parts of the country and have never seen anything like that happen . 
  a few drunken punchups , including one where the police did separate the fighters , but i would n't exactly call that a crime . 
  and there are pickpockets in london , manchester , glasgow etc. , just as in any big city , but i do n't have any experience of it happening to me or someone i know . 
  i am none of those and i support a more federated europe , and see it as the only future europe has . 
  as small separate nations we will gradually fade into obscurity as asia and eventually africa gain power . 
  as a federation with radically progressive , accountable leadership , however , europe could become a world power once again . 
  learn from some of america 's mistakes over the last 300 years and europe could be great . 
  i admit it 's perhaps a vain hope , but what is life without hope ? 
  you 're overestimating how much power the european institutions have over member states . 
  all these problems are things that must be dealt with by national governments , european intervention is limited solely to the financial stimulus provided by the ecb . 
  personally , i 'd like to see a more federated europe so that a coordinated approach to solving the problems could be made . 
  but that is a fairly rarely held view , especially in the uk . 
  it makes me sad that people think this . 
  i 'm realising that i 'm moving more and more in the opposite direction . 
  especially if , as seems likely at the moment , * that * party gets some power here , i 'm coming to think i have less in common with an average fellow briton , in terms of principles , values and ideals , as i do with someone living on the continent . 
  with strong leadership i think that europeans could be reminded of the founding principles of the eu , that we are far stronger together than apart , and hope that my country wo n't have gone so far down the short-sighted path we 're currently following for it to be too late to turn back . 
  i think a lot of people take a postal vote here . 
  the polling stations stay open till 10pm as well , so there is time after work . 
  what is n't ? 
  they 're racist , isolationist , less progressive than a lump of concrete , whenever they pretend to be anything other than a single issue party their policies either make no sense ( a tax policy that does n't even add up ) or are downright harmful ( privatise public services , cut funding for science and alternative energy sources ) , and their leader is a fucking * moron * . 
  oh , and they claim to oppose the `` brussels gravy train '' but when they get meps elected , are quite happy to take the expenses while doing nothing or even being wilfully obstructive . 
  some of them make a point of voting against every piece of eu legislation , * even when it would be beneficial to this country * . 
  hopefully it 's obvious i did n't vote ukip today . 
  only when you believe the newspapers and the politicians over the actual facts . 
  as are most poorly politically educated people who believe what they read in the papers . 
  in my ignorance i 'd actually assumed bavaria would be one of the poorer regions of germany . 
  oh well , you learn something new every day !, 
  but as a result of where you were born , do you think it 's reasonable to compete with those from other countries for jobs ? 
  or do you have some special right to remain there just because of your birthplace ? 
  this is away from your ( perfectly valid ) point , but it 's the main reason eurosceptics tend to use for opposing free movement of labour , and why they are often associated with racism . 
  our lot will probably spin that as the cause of all your economic problems and a reason why the uk should leave the eu . 
  i think some people might be misunderstanding me here . 
  i was n't making a homophobic remark or anything , just a light hearted joke about the fact that , lets be honest , if it had been a `` normal '' man or woman singing , austria probably would n't have won . 
  also i was somewhat not sober so i apologise if that clouded my judgement of good and bad taste . 
  peace , freedom and love to all regardless of their race , beardedness or species , 
  to one up the whole transvestite thing , i reckon next years winner will in fact not be a human . 
  twelve points go to ... gertie the goat !, 
  taking the piss out of americans is a perfectly serious thing to be doing . 
  hopefully this indicates the ignorance ( or wilful stupidity ) the rest of us are up against in stopping the rise of ukip . 
  seriously eu parliament , come up with a way to run our press industry into the ground . 
  at this point i do n't even care about freedom of the press , they 've shown time and time again that they do n't deserve it . 
  taxes , prison sentences , assassins , open warfare . 
  whatever it takes , just do it before it destroys this country and quite possibly others . 
  thank you , daily * fucking * mail !, 
  squirrel is just universally difficult though - eichhoernchen always gives me trouble . 
  1 , but without the ignorance of the people winning out here . 
  yet it did . 
  everyone remembers communism as the aged , inflexible system of the 70s and 80s , but remember that after the revolution , russia went from a feudal backwater to a massive industrial power in no more than a decade . 
  no we 're not . 
  we 're # 140 billion worse off than we would 've been otherwise , and unless the banking sector decides to pay double tax for a couple of years that loss is n't ever coming back . 
  that 's capitalism for you . 
  if the public did n't demand low-priced goods businesses would n't have to turn to migrant labour . 
  would just mean i 'd move a few hours north !, 
  the banks were bailed out to the tune of # 140 billion , or 70 years of eu membership even using ukip 's overinflated figures . 
  i do n't see why the people of this country should be willing to put up with greed on that stupendous scale . 
  * and they are still doing it . 
  * they are continuing to live the high-flying lifestyle and awarding themselves massive salaries and bonuses when , frankly , * they should be in jail . 
  all jingoism aside , there is no arguing whatsoever about britain 's position as the world 's first superpower . 
  the british empire was the largest the world has ever seen and that will probably always be the case . 
  what 's new is the us ' export of cultural rather than military ( excepting the middle east ) imperialism . 
  please do n't , if we all ignore them they might just go away . 
  bacon, 
  given that there are only ~ 700million people in the eu , we now appear to have an employment rate of -1.3 billion or less !, 
  how 's the immigration policy in bosnia ? 
  if we do leave the eu i 'll be looking for a new country !, 
  i just looked up the figures , and we get back more than # 6 million of that in farming subsidies alone . 
  i think a really thorough analysis of where the money ends up should be done : yes the government might be paying 20 or 60 or whatever million a day , but i suspect much of that finds its way back to individuals and businesses one way or another - and probably does a lot more to help than if central government distributed it . 
  we have a minimum wage so that is only partly true . 
  it operates as a vicious circle : people ( especially those on lower incomes ) demand cheap food and goods , so businesses have to cut their costs ( or they do so anyway to get better profits ) . 
  one of the easiest ways to do this is to cut wages , so british workers then either refuse to or are unable to work for the lower salaries . 
  immigrants who are less likely to have families in the country , and might still be able to earn more than in their original countries , are perfectly willing to take these jobs . 
  thus in the mind of the displaced british worker , the immigrant has stolen their job , conveniently forgetting that it was their demand for cheap stuff that caused it in the first place . 
  it 's a classic case of people liking capitalism until it screws them over - the only real solution is that of ensuring all workers earn a living wage . 
  then competition between natives and immigrants can be done on the basis of suitedness to the role as it should be . 
  as an example : i live in the heavily agricultural area of east anglia and several relatives are in the business . 
  there 's a large migrant labour force , primarily from eastern europe , that comes every autumn to help with the harvest . 
  without them there 's no way that we could economically produce food , short of large subsidies from the government . 
  so losing the right of free movement of labour would either cause us to become much more dependent on imported food from europe , or massively increase government spending to subsidise british farms . 
  this is particularly ironic since when ukip is masquerading as anything other than a single-issue party , they present themselves as a ` small-government ' neoliberal affair . 
  unfortunately , the average ukip voter is either a middle-englander who believes only what they read in the daily mail , or lives in bradford and conflates immigration from southeast asia ( which is something that i tend to feel does need discussing , across the eu ) with that from within europe . 
  unfortunately these are the people that will take these posters as gospel truth , and sadly , that 's how they 're going to end up in power . 
  going by the tone of this comment , the reason you get downvoted is because you 've already decided you 're right and are n't actually interested in others opinions , only changing them to agree with your own . 
  i 'm not going to deny that the issues you raise might be worthy of discussion , but stating your opinion as the only viewpoint on those issues is n't going to foster any creative discussions . 
  it 's actually not covered in school at all . 
  or at least that was the case for me , with gove 's new unreservedly nationalistic curricula that will probably all change ... also i do n't think he was being serious ... 
  it 's not a case of ` the rich and the rest ' . 
  there are well-off people that will still vote ukip , and plenty of educated but not particularly rich people ( such as my family ) who would n't touch them with a bargepole . 
  the only unifying aspect of ukip voters is their collective idiocy . 
  it 's true that much of the anti-eu sentiment comes from the tabloids ( quite what mr murdoch stands to gain from the uk leaving the eu i do n't know ) and so people will likely flock to the party in the ep elections . 
  but the fact remains that , despite their claims to the contrary , they are a single issue party with no meaningful policies on anything other than leaving the eu . 
  hopefully when it comes to the general election enough people will realise this to prevent them gaining many seats . 
  if not , i guess i 'll be looking to emigrate sharpish before the borders close . 
  well it will mean farage 's secret police wo n't be able to defend us from anti-british conspirators !, 
  upgrading to ertms is n't mandatory by any means . 
  in the uk the plan is just to upgrade lines when their signals get old and need replacing anyway . 
  i think the most likely outcome is going to be full devolution . 
  giving scotland full fiscal and legal autonomy will allow it to diverge from westminster - ending austerity measures , preventing cuts to benefits and the privatisation of the nhs , etc. 
  do not understimate the depth of the divide between london and the rest of the uk . 
  i grew up in the southeast and moved north for university , so from firsthand experience i can say that the difference in values , provision of public services and the distribution of wealth is great enough that the two areas do feel like separate countries . 
  go north of the border and that only becomes even more true .
