  lmb would be a boosted melee attack and rmb would be throwing your axe ( but i mean it would hit characters doing a lot of damage and then get stuck in the ground/wall , you would have to go grab it again , until then you would attack with your bare fists , doing normal melee damage ) . 
  one of his skill would be a self-immolation , dealing damage to him and close enemy , the second skill would be a way to heal himself ( maybe a buff that would grant him heal on hit ) . 
  an ultimate as a berserker mode , getting speed boost and damage boost proportional to health lost . 
  like roadhog , tons of health , but no armor . 
  i know what i have become ... 
  i am the inside of this world ... 
  i taste the gore , and i smell the crying ... and i want more !, 
  i want to bathe in your flesh , i want to savor your fear . 
  i wan na live inside a castle built of your agony , and i want to crumble it with an axe to your carotid artery !, 
  lorewise , yes , she should climb walls like hanzo . 
  gameplaywise , no , because she got really nice skills ( i have n't played on the ptr , but her kit screams `` op '' to me ) and i think with her range she would be a bit too overpowered if she could hide at high places . 
  i give my life, 
  not for medals , but for yooooooooooou ( sniper healer ), 
  in this game there 'll be no one else, 
  tank , it 's the way i win with yoooooou ( sniper healer ), 
  you 're still a dream , sniper healer, 
  i do n't care how old she is , when you 're an augmented badass overwatch agent back from the dead and that you 're basically a legendary sniper , you climb the fucking wall . 
  was harambe immune to sleep dart ? 
  i do n't agree , i think the zarya 's skins that make her look like a russian soldier are really nice ones . 
  however , speaking about worst skins , i think winston skins are really boring , i do n't like mercy legendary skins a lot and i hate s76 legendary skins , especially the `` stuntman '' ones . 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  i rel8 , str8 appreci8 , and congratul8 . 
  i r8 this b8 an 8/8 . 
  plz no h8 . 
  yeah , give these 21:9 gamers some support , so we can complain than they have a bigger field of view . 
  whatever blizzard chose , there is going to be an imbalance . 
  wait , are you telling me than in the game like overwatch , where there 's a lot of tactics working around flankers , having a larger fov is not an unfaire advantage ? 
  that 's not how you play a sniper !, 
  if you do n't want to use the scope , then you have to do the traditional jump and 360 \u00b0 spin before shooting . 
  vive acrimed !, 
  tant de questions qui restent en suspens . 
  chirp chirp motherfuckers . 
  i understand your point of view and i used to share it . 
  i thought that blizzard should put a limit of 2 . 
  but then , i watched some competitive and high ranked play , and i understand that most of the times , the `` pick abuse '' was simply picking twice the same heroes ... three times , like 2 lucio , 2 tracer and 2 winston for example . 
  so , even if it 's sad , blizzard is right when limiting at one . 
  but i feel the game has enough diversity to make this interesting . 
  bravo . 
  thanks :d, 
  now i want a parody of this scene with slipstream tracer . 
  being an inhabitant of rouen and a proud norman , i should first congratulate you on your choice of cities which are all really nice . 
  rouen is well known for its churches and especially its cathedral , which , at the time of its building , was the highest building in the world . 
  it 's still one of the biggest cathedral of france . 
  some churches have more of a modern architecture , like the saint joan of arc church , which has really beautiful stained glasses and an interior that resembles a viking ship . 
  overall , the city center and what you would call the `` old town '' is really nice and typical of what were norman cities , with a lot of narrow streets and timbered houses . 
  it 's really a nice city to visit , even if it 's a bit dirty ( but you 'll see , most cities in france are ) . 
  anyway , if you have any question on the town or if you want to find a good restaurant , feel free to ask . 
  anticonstitutionnel et contraire \u00e0 l'article 6 de la convention edh . 
  la aussi , anticonstitutionnel et contraire \u00e0 la convention edh . 
  c'est possible ? 
  there is . 
  you can find everything , in this other , magnificent , topic : https://www.reddit.com/r/evolvegame/comments/4t19hs/perks_leveling_through_character_progression/, 
  that 's not very nice ... or is it ? 
  you 're welcome , enjoy the game :d, 
  when i play tech hank , there 's nothing more satisfying than seeing the monster health being destroyed by an orbital drill while your griffin is harpooning him . 
  yup , i definitely love the laser smell in the morning . 
  you 're goddamn right . 
  i feel like every support is really different from another ( except hank and tech hank who are not that much different but still a bit different ) and you have so many way to help !, 
  ( or you can screw your team , playing kala and watching them use the teleporter ) . 
  you could also learn to use the search function . 
  * on the road * by jack kerouac . 
  i really hated the style of the author and i gave up because i was fed up with reading a monolith . 
  however , i 've never had any problem with philosophical books with difficult concepts like kant 's or nietzsche 's . 
  the fact that i just answered this question twice today and that , when sorted by newest , the topic just below this one is also a list of perks by characters and the fact that the linked topic is easily found by searching , kind of make me salty . 
  wow , take some pills and calm down , i commented because i wanted to give him an answer , i just told him there was also the search function that could also help everybody so they do n't post useless topics with questions that are already answered , at least twice a day . 
  no need to be this aggressive . 
  no , what i mean is that basically being a porn actor means that you 're at least an actor , and what does an actor do ? 
  he plays a role . 
  so every porn is roleplay porn . 
  and even when in amateur porn , the fact that you 're on camera make you an actor , and may ( most of the time ) change your behavior . 
  and even if it would n't , you would be roleplaying an actor , only by the fact that you 're recorded . 
  l'inquisition du pain au chocolat vaincra !, 
  attention , j' entends robert m\u00e9nard au loin . 
  on vire tous les vilains musulmans de france ? 
  sur la charia et son application au monde musulman ? 
  personne n'attend l'inquisition pain-au-cholat-esque !, 
  c'pas une question de religion , c'est une question de contexte politique . 
  j' osais pas aller chercher le point staline ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) , le point rwanda ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%a9nocide_des_tutsis_au_rwanda ) et le point godwin ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/shoah ) , mais bon ... si on me force aussi ... 
  mais ca c'est un but central . 
  c'est une question de determination , madame la journaliste . 
  on dit race . 
  prend un laxatif . 
  ton orthographe m ' a donn\u00e9 le cancer . 
  be careful , he or she wants prepaid mobile packages . 
  et on ne peut pas r\u00e9soudre , \u00e0 mon avis , la question de l'existence , ou non , d'un dieu , par la simple science . 
  si on se retrouve avec un sarkozy-hollande-le pen , l'abstention va crever le plafond . 
  * le roquefort . 
  hum ... 
  disons que en france on reprend un triangle institutionnel . 
  sinon , on s ' entre-tue tous . 
  merci . 
  la religion . 
  walker , d\u00e9bile ranger . 
  well , looks like we found the mix between adolf hitler and a nerdy father christmas 's elf . 
  nice one , made me laugh . 
  i 've been actually told this kind of line by a teacher in class , like `` with a nose like his , absandreux ca n't miss anything '' . 
  man , i 'm sorry to tell you this , but your face is so ugly your hair is apparently retreating from it . 
  his face is cleary not safe for work content . 
  calm down , donald trump is n't elected yet . 
  that 's not very nice .
