  and we even use french when people do n't understand us , because we do n't care or because it pisses off people like you . 
  good luck doing that in swedish . 
  you see . 
  pride in our language , in our culture . 
  this is our difference . 
  nobody in france thinks french is shit . 
  i want regular ranked turf war . 
  because apparently my teammates are dumb enough not to know to play any other mode as they play any ranked like turf war , do n't care about the objective or do n't even know the god damn rules . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr2buuuczqc ), 
  mais bon , du point de vue du droit international et des relations internationales c'est tr\u00e8s critiquable . 
  jean monnet , robert schuman , simone veil , konrad adenauer , paul-henri spaa , joseph bech , johan willem beyen , alcide de gasperi ... 
  broke my ankle and my leg at multiple places while rollerblading . 
  the fractures were really bad , so i had to stay in bed a few weeks , because the doctor said that i should n't move my leg or even take the risk of setting my foot on the floor , even with the cast . 
  then i stayed a few months with crutches . 
  my parents never let me go rollerblading again . 
  i 've got mawcasins . 
  no do n't worry , i already have the stuff i want , i just need to farm for chunks now . 
  i know but with the splatfest i had n't the time to !, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/mv6ap ) is my current outfit and i really like it . 
  [ best op ever . 
  ^ i 'm ^ poor ^ sorry ... 
  too much wine . 
  nice survey !, 
  any plan for data releasing ? 
  l'article que tu cites . 
  i 'm coming back to hs , which i have n't played for month ( like ... last time was in 2015 ) . 
  and i have a few questions . 
  i see that everybody 's playing standard and i think it was the idea to give the game a `` new life '' ( and it 's really more beginner-friendly than when i left ) . 
  so with this new format , should i dust naxx cards for sweet dust ? 
  i still miss important legendary ( sylvanas , ragnaros , leeroy ) , should i buy classic packs or wotog and craft the missing leg ? 
  thanks for your answers , see you at the inn :d, 
  hey peeps !, 
  sorry for my english , i 'm not a native speaker . 
  anyway , now that evolve stage 2 has gone live for a moment , i wonder what role do you like to play the most . 
  so i made a small poll , that you can find here : http://www.strawpoll.me/10776091 ( no sound spikes , i promise :3 ), 
  so please vote as much as you want ( well not too much , because if you change your ip and just click on everything , it wo n't be really useful ) and do not hesitate to add a comment to tell me more about your favorite role and why you like to play it the most !, 
  ( and if you just comment to go full `` hurr durr , i have two favorites '' mode , well , that 's too bad , you 've got to chose a first favorite in the game ) . 
  thanks dear hunters and dear monsters , see you in game . 
  edit : i 'll leave this poll until friday and then i 'll try to analyze the data if it 's interesting and make another post . 
  i think already a few things are quite ... surprising ( medic most chosen role , 1/5th of people prefering monster ) . 
  [ removed ], 
  hello r/the _ donald ,, 
  as my flair shows it , i 'm french and i totally support trump and deeply believe that he 's going to be the next potus and that is not only a great thing for the usa but also the best thing that could happen to the american people . 
  he 's a very charismatic leader , with a strong personnality and is n't crooked like this salty clinton . 
  being a night worker , here in france , i wo n't be able to ask my question on the ama ( and , you 're so lucky to have the next president doing an ama here , on this sub , good job mods ) , so , i would be glad if somebody could ask what will his stance be on foreign policy towards france and europe and tag me on it . 
  thanks peeps , and do not forget . 
  #no brakes, 
  i 'm kind of a newbie in mh , started with generations and really like it so far . 
  at the moment i 'm rank 4 village/rank 2 guild and i love playing the hunting horn ( guild style ) , in solo and in multiplayer . 
  i already looked at both of gaijin hunter videos on hh for monster hunter generations , and i like the fact that there 's a lot of diversity in horns that you can chose because they all provide interesting buffs . 
  i 'm using malfestio armor and horn because at rank 4 best hunter is fashion hunter , but i would really like to know what armors should i aim at , as a hh player ? 
  obviously if you have any other hints , please do share them , i would be glade to learn a few things . 
  thanks !, 
  ( oh by the way , now that i 'm thinking about it , is there a way to change your hunter 's name or to use a username when you play in multiplayer . 
  i see all those hunters with nice names , whereas my hunter 's name is just ... well my first name because i do that on video games since my first pokemon ... ), 
  i do n't fucking care if your hunter is name after a fucking anime or/and if you play aerial greatsword like a one-handed paraplegic . 
  but why would you even steal my fucking starting potions and food . 
  there are 4 , we are 4 hunters , are you so stupid you ca n't count to 4 ? 
  or were you this annoying douche kids who 'd eat half of the cake at birthday parties ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you asshole would steal ammunition even if you play double blades !, 
  i 'm sure you 'd fucking stole my map if you were able to , you fucking douchemonger !, 
  one !, 
  two !, 
  three !, 
  four hunters !, 
  one !, 
  two !, 
  three !, 
  four first aid !, 
  one !, 
  two !, 
  three !, 
  four foods !, 
  now please go back to first fucking grade , you asshat , and try solving this fucking math problem until you come back playing this game because nature did n't gave me enough middle fingers to tell you how i feel about you and even if it did i would surely shove them up your ass . 
  edit : and if you take the paintballs and do n't mark the monster you can shove them up your ass as well you fucking fuckface . 
  hey everyone !, 
  i 've got two questions and thought you may help me !, 
  first one : i 'm sometimes looking on kiranico for quests/loots/stuff and i noticed that weapons have three `` gauge of sharpness '' for each level ( [ exemple ] ( http://mhgen.kiranico.com/insectglaive/petrified-rod ) ) . 
  why is that and could somebody explain how do you get the second and third sharpness gauge . 
  second one : is my kinsect linked to my insect glaive ? 
  if i make a balanced kinsect on my petrified glaive , i 'll have to update it again if i use another glaive ? 
  what if i upgrade my petrified glaive into a obsidian one for example , will my kinsect remain the same ( a balanced one ) or go back to its first form ? 
  thanks !, 
  hey !, 
  i 'm kind of new in mh . 
  i love the design of shagaru magala weapons and i already made the ig , which i saw in gaijin top 5 . 
  are some other weapons from this awesome beast any good later ? 
  thanks , 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm sorry if the phrasing seems offensive , i am not an english native speaker . 
  i entirely believe that all humans are equally reasonable and intelligent . 
  but i was wondering what factors made the native americans less technologically developed than the europeans during the colonisation of america at the 15th/16th centuries . 
  also why do n't we hear more about natives philosophers as we do about greek or eastern philosophers ? 
  thanks reddit . 
  this is the tale of the two hunters and troll . 
  coming back to mhgeneration , i created a new character to play with my girlfriend . 
  anyway , i 'm playing hammer and i think a rathalos lr set could be really nice in my collection . 
  picking my new charater , hr3 ( my main is hr168 ) , i 'm trying to find a rathalos room . 
  the game feels a bit empty , so i decide to open my own . 
  after waiting a dozen of minutes , a first guy join , hr1 , full bernha gear and petrified greatsword lvl 1 .
