  i might just be biased though , so you are welcome to provide counterexamples . 
  presumably , those grom deployments and cia black ops sites do count for something . 
  my understanding is that us relations are still better with poland than just about any other central european country though . 
  the missile shield is a definite `` no '' though ? 
  last i heard it was planned for somewhere vaguely around gdansk . 
  i bet you would have gotten a radically different answer if you had asked even a week or two ago . 
  why ? 
  nato has nothing to do with ukraine at all , and a direct eu link is a bit tenuous as well . 
  i think that public opinion started out strongly pro-british to begin and turned increasingly in favor of actual military intervention even before pearl harbor . 
  regardless , us contributions of material were somewhat important in keeping the uk in the fight until then in spite of the german naval pressures . 
  the us was de facto with the allies from not that long after the start . 
  us-polish relations are actually pretty good ( except for the visas last i heard ) . 
  those cia black ops centers and grom deployments count for something i would imagine . 
  besides , not to be a dick , but you are n't exactly blessed with neighbors i would count on militarily . 
  russia is still rational though . 
  they know that the massive combined economic and population advantage of nato will cause them to lose in the long run . 
  even if they were somehow winning , i would n't take a nato nuclear response off the table ( certainly attacking civilians targets or invading the uk , us , or france might incite such a response ) . 
  what would the endgame for them be ? 
  even if they could reunite the ussr and vassalize eastern europe , why would they want to ? 
  it would absolutely be a quagmire like iraq , not mention strongly uniting all of remaining europe against them and i would guess making the chinese a bit anxious as well . 
  nato is different . 
  upon any aggression against one member state ( technically it has to occur in a certain geographic area ) , that member can call for all the other members to intervene under article 5 . 
  essentially , it would * require * a military response from every other member if an actual invasion occurred . 
  i ca n't see russia invading any of those countries ; it would be 100 % guaranteed to start wwiii . 
  is n't that the point of an all-volunteer military though ? 
  that some citizens should be willing to die in defense of abstract concepts like national self-determination or liberty . 
  except nato is a defensive treaty which does n't include the ukraine . 
  it is possible that individual member states may intervene militarily , but i do n't see how nato itself would be involved ( short of russia going off the deep end and continuing on to lublin or vilnius or something ) . 
  the us outspends russia by a huge margin , has a much better geopolitical position , and has much more actual combat experience . 
  the fact that we would be fighting so close to russia is the only thing that keeps this a pretty even fight ( and is also the reason i do n't think the us will intervene ) . 
  send some advisors or support units and spread them out to contain further russian advances . 
  russia likely would n't risk escalation by attacking them , russia is prevented any deeper movement into ukraine , and the status quo is preserved until a deal can be reached . 
  it is basically the same as the us presence in germany during the cold war . 
  the us forces had no hope of holding back a soviet offensive , but their mere presence prevented the soviets from simply occupying more territory , unless they wanted to start a major war of course . 
  i think the context is more important than the actual actions , unprecedented or not . 
  a better analogy would be if the us shifted all of its military personnel in germany to karlsruhe overnight in response to the vocal french opposition to the war with iraq . 
  except the two-sides were pretty even back then so both sides were willing to go to war because each thought they had a good chance of winning . 
  a war now would be incredibly one sided if it occurred . 
  russia would only take military action in ukraine if they were very convinced that the eu would do nothing . 
  you are probably just digging yourself a hole here . 
  with the protests in the ukraine drawing all the hardliners to this subreddit , anything you post that is critical of the eu will just be immediately downvoted regardless of its actual content . 
  the loan portion of the marshall plan obviously , it still played an important role in reconstruction though . 
  that is not counting aid immediately after the war and prior to the marshall plan or lend-lease to allied countries during the war ( a lot of which was just written off entirely ) . 
  i will admit that most of the growth in germany was probably endogenous , but the aid still helped there and made a bigger difference elsewhere . 
  get a sense of perspective . 
  it 's not like they were storming the beaches of normandy , fighting in * la r\u00e9sistance * , or dying like the members of the white rose . 
  not literally of course , but some european countries have a long tradition of support for democracy and liberalism . 
  the eu is the most recent embodiment of these principles and has grown to encompass most of europe , but surely you would agree that these principles do not begin or end with the eu . 
  there is no need for the `` eu flag to be legitimized '' because people have been making sacrifices in defense of it 's principles over the last century , well before the eu even existed . 
  honest question : how has the us been exploiting europe over the last 70 years ? 
  to the best of my knowledge , we have been pretty hands-off in most western european countries after donating a lot of resources to kick-start your economies after wwii and then encouraging the trade agreements that would eventually evolve into the eu . 
  yep , large parts of the continent were ruined from the war , but the us needed help opposing the ussr so * poof * billions of dollars in economic aid and a series of expanding trade agreements later and here the eu is . 
  i think it is dishonest to compare a protester who was unlucky enough to get shot loitering at a vaguely pro-eu rally to someone who deliberately laid down his life fighting for freedom in say wwii . 
  it dishonors the memory of all those who made real sacrifices to conflate the two for propaganda purpose like this article does . 
  this is so laughably pretentious : `` from this day on , the eu flag is legitimized by blood and valor . 
  from this day on , it lives . '', 
  people have died for freedom in europe well before this , and in much more meaningful ways . 
  look at all of the allied soliders and partisans of wwii who did so or the various activists in soviet satellite states . 
  in poland for instance , there is a long history of sacrifice to have reached where they are today . 
  looking at the ukraine protest 's , it is not even clear to me that it is a revolution towards the eu rather than just against the status quo . 
  have you ever seen someone in a burn ward ? 
  even relatively mild burns to the face are not `` ten points down the ladder of escalation '' ( the very expression showing you are making this shit up anyways ) . 
  depending on how the molotov cocktail is made , it can permanently disfigure or blind someone quite easily . 
  it is ridiculous to see you bending over backwards trying to make it look like the government is the only side being violent . 
  compared to some of the middle east protests where dictators were literally using military weapons on peaceful crowds and then eventually shelling the whole area , i just do n't understand why everyone is so disgusted at this when they were so indifferent before . 
  it 's not like the protesters are completely innocent either . 
  a segment of them has been violently provoking the police for weeks now , and there are deaths on both sides . 
  it 's a complicated political situation and this subreddit 's attempts to frame it entirely as `` the freedom-loving people of ukraine vs. the evil pro-russian despots '' does not lead to meaningful discussion . 
  have n't some of the protesters already been doing this since the begginning ? 
  i remember seeing pictures of the police lit on fire from molotov cocktails well before hearing about any deaths among the protesters . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's not like the government is shelling the city . 
  most of the fires are the protesters setting things on fire . 
  get a sense of perspective . 
  how does the us differ from any european country in that regard ? 
  it 's not like any other country is ever willing to step up for humanitarian reasons out of the goodness of their hearts either . 
  there were widespread atrocities in the yugoslav wars which were ignored for an embarrassingly long time , not to mention that africa is much closer to europe than north america . 
  complete indifference when the situation does n't directly benefit them is as much a european problem as an american one . 
  i do n't consider the ukraine to have reached `` violent oppression '' yet . 
  there are a dozen deaths , many of which are police . 
  given the violent nature of the protests ( regardless if you believe their casus belli is legitimate or not ) , i do not believe the government response has been disproportionate as of yet . 
  honestly , i do n't think that the us has any particular loyalty to any country in that region ( except , as i mentioned , poland ) . 
  that said , i do n't think any country can get away with ignoring its treaty obligations ; if they do , no one will deal with them in the future . 
  the us refusing to act would instantly dissolve the entire alliance as well as jeopardize any number of other us security agreements across the globe . 
  i do n't think we would be likely to intervene even if there were no popular support for the government and there were hundreds of deaths of unarmed protesters who were simply peacefully stating their cause . 
  there is no fucking way we would get involved when the country is so divided . 
  watching the protesters throw molotov cocktails at police who are just standing there is not likely to engender much support either . 
  there is , a far as i can tell , literally zero chance of us military intervention in the ukraine . 
  if the russians hypothetically invaded lithuania or romania , it would be an entirely different situation . 
  both are nato members ; aggression against them would demand that the us intervened , and i have no doubt that we would . 
  nato member countries are a line in the sand ; attacking one is the same as declaring war on the us for all intents and purposes because failure to act would instantly cause the whole alliance to collapse as well . 
  i would also like to think that us-polish relations are in particular pretty good , and we would probably intercede on their behalf even if not required by treaty . 
  i am not sure i would say the same about any other new member country , but it is a non-issue because of nato anyways . 
  all the more room for the eu to play `` good cop '' to america 's `` bad cop '' then . 
  in the words of one american who did know something about diplomacy , `` in any moment of decision , the best thing you can do is the right thing , the next best thing is the wrong thing , and the worst thing you can do is nothing . '', 
  i just do n't even understand what the point of this article is . 
  the author seems to bounce around to different topics as the whim strikes him . 
  i personally enjoy both , but i understand how someone who does n't watch much football could find it equally boring as american football . 
  for instance , i think teams playing to maximize possession is incredibly boring ( even if it is generally a good strategy ) . 
  or when teams in the champions league explicitly play defensively the whole game and hope to get a lucky counterattack against a clearly superior team .
