  or when one player is unfairly red carded early on and his team plays for the draw for the remainder of the match because they know they are unlikely to win . 
  obviously , a fan of football could still find things to enjoy in all of those scenarios , but casual watchers will find the lack of scoring uninteresting . 
  you are right . 
  i guess technically they have a single mandate to control inflation unlike the fed 's dual mandate , but i thought in practice , they also concerned themselves with growth . 
  certainly the fact that european interest rates have gone way down since 2009 would seem to indicate that the ecb does take at least some interest in recession management . 
  it is hard to say for sure either way as inflation and growth tend to be correlated . . 
  i see this as a good thing in the long-run ( kind of at least ) . 
  part of the problem is that the eurozone has unified monetary policy so when some states are doing well and others are in recession , it is not possible to help both simultaneously . 
  if most of the countries had their business cycles sync up , it would be much easier for central bankers to plan and encourage growth . 
  it would also probably make further integration efforts more likely to succeed if there was less of sense of us vs. them . 
  nope , check back up a few posts , one of your countrymen said that an american not knowing where portugal or germany is was more embarrassing than a european not knowing the same of virginia or ohio . 
  not that this is super relevant as you have n't rebutted any of my points anyways . 
  brazil is large ; it is not a prosperous country . 
  its gdp per person adjusted for purchasing power is only 1/3 of the eu average . 
  it is about 1/2 the level of new member states or portugal . 
  so i am not forgetting brazil , if anything it supports my point of portugal 's colonies not doing particularly well . 
  i just do n't understand why making the biggest footprint is the criterion by which all countries are judged . 
  you can have a very big effect on the world which is also extremely negative . 
  so frankly i think my analogy is apt , and i think you took a cop out because you do n't have a legitimate counterargument . 
  i am not beating a dead horse . 
  you keep pointing out the enormous influence of `` some european countries '' and then only referencing the four or five european countries that colonized a large portion of the world . 
  if we are to conclude that it is worth knowing these few countries and the rest are as irrelevant as us states then i guess we agree . 
  no , for the most part , i think / r/europe is pretty levelheaded and is not chauvinistic . 
  however , having studied in europe for a year and met many erasmus students , i find that many europeans consider europe to be the center of the world in much the same way that many americans think the same of america . 
  no one is denying the obvious importance of certain european countries . 
  i do resent the implication prevalent through the entire creation of this thread that americans are uncultured and uneducated because we can not , on average , place even the majority of european countries on a map . 
  i simply do not believe that the majority of european countries have ever been particularly relevant to my life . 
  furthermore , you talk of european languages and european law practices as if it were a single thing . 
  in truth , a few countries have spread their customs across the world , and the vast majority have not . 
  there are what 27 countries in the eu ? 
  how many of those have ever been world powers ? 
  how many are currently world powers ? 
  europe was collectively the most important continent for a portion of recorded history , from about the renaissance until the end of wwii i would say . 
  before that , it lagged well behind the islamic world in culture , influence , and scientific advancement . 
  i would say it currently loses to the us in military and economic might as well as cultural influence . 
  in a few hundred years , both may well be subordinate to the brics . 
  the point is , i do n't think that a few hundred years of domination by a handful of european countries is sufficient reason to expect that people across the world should continue to hold a special interest in every single european country or the continent as a whole . 
  maybe this is just my perspective as an american , but i do n't see europe as an entity that exists in anything other than a geographic sense . 
  sure there are some european countries that every american should be familiar with . 
  however , i think it is a mistake to think that a countries like bulgaria , lithuania , belgium , portugal , the ukraine , denmark , etc. 
  suddenly become relevant on a global level simply because they are vaguely associated with countries that were once very influential . 
  this is not to say that some of these are not great countries with rich histories or that i consider them all inferior to the us , but overall , they have very little influence on world events and most americans can safely go their entire lives without needing to know where they are on a map . 
  it was n't one man though . 
  virginia had a culture of liberty when few other places in the world did . 
  these traditions were pivotal in founding the us on similar principles , and these principles have come to define western civilization . 
  most of europe lived under monarchies or dictatorships until fairly recently in the big scheme of things . 
  throughout most of the 20th century , the eventual adoption of democracy by most european states was by no means certain or even likely . 
  i do n't think it is hyperbole to attribute the widespread prevalence of democracy in europe to a very few countries which have encouraged it and fought for it . 
  the us is certainly one of these countries , and virginia was certainly important in the development of the democratic tradition in the us . 
  i think that is a fairly clear way in which virginia has impacted the majority of the readers of / r/europe . 
  i am unaware of how portugal 's empire has had any real impact on my life in the long run , but admittedly , that is not a specialty of mine and maybe you can enlighten me . 
  that is a fair point , but at school , we mostly learn about countries that the us has interacted with during our own history . 
  think of which modern european countries even existed as sovereign countries for the majority of years between 1776 and the present . 
  then list the countries that had any significant interaction with us or a significant global presence during the same time period . 
  it is a very small list : by my estimation france , gb , spain , russia , maybe also portugal , the netherlands , belgium . 
  out of the 30 + european countries ( depending on how you define europe of course ) certainly less than 10 were covered in any detail at all during a standard high school , america-centered history course . 
  sure , some european countries were very important in world history . 
  i am not denying this , and lo and behold these are the countries that most americans are familiar with and got correct on the map . 
  however , as a percentage , these countries are a very small part of europe hence the inability of a lot of otherwise educated americans to locate them . 
  it simply is n't that relevant in our day to day lives , and the global historical role of most european countries except for the major colonial powers was not that big . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  it is a stupid comparison either way . 
  virginia has existed for a much shorter period of time . 
  as i said before , portugal clearly does n't have any obvious modern benefits from being a world power in the past . 
  it is a second-rate country even within the eu , and no one expects it to be an actor on the global scale in our lifetimes . 
  furthermore , i am not entirely sure why `` a bigger footprint '' is the sole criterion of a culture worth being aware of . 
  surely nazi germany was creating a `` bigger footprint '' than modern germany , but you would n't argue that the world would be better if germany slides back into fascism . 
  how is the world any better off because of portugal 's past actions ? 
  their former colonies are not exactly beacons of prosperity , nor is portugal itself to be blunt . 
  what legacy did portugal leave that warrants someone a quarter of the way around the world learning about it ? 
  i am aware ; i actually lived in poznan for a year . 
  sorry if i was n't clear . 
  i meant to contrast poland and lithuania , which had clear and recent preceding nation states that were partitioned/annexed , vs. a country like the czech republic or parts of the balkans , which had been a territory of some larger empire for hundreds of years and became an independent nation-state only relatively recently . 
  my history of each individual country is n't great , but i think finland is another example . 
  it has been an independent and autonomous region for less than 200 years , right ? 
  american history mostly covers countries that we have had significant interaction with . 
  as such , a country like poland which was partitioned , occupied , or a satellite of an enemy for most of american history is not really covered except for the role of polish immigrants and a few polish generals who came to help during the war of independence . 
  for another example , portugal was very much in decline for the period that most us high school history courses cover in detail . 
  there were only a handful of european world powers from 1776 to the present , and as a result , out of the huge number of modern european countries , there are relatively few that the average american will be familiar with . 
  you are missing the point . 
  why should the need to be able to locate a country today be based upon its importance 400 years ago ? 
  can you give me one concrete reason it would be more beneficial to know where portugal is on a map than virginia ? 
  i would argue that virginia has more relevance in international politics because of the presence of numerous government agencies and virginia 's important role in us presidential elections as a state that could go to either party . 
  and as noted for business , virginia has a larger gdp . 
  portugal 's large empire in the past is irrelevant ; it clearly does n't give modern portugal any special economic or political clout . 
  arguably portugal 's empire was part of the monarchy , portugal as democratic nation-state is a recent occurrence anyways . 
  i would argue that virginia is at least as important as portugal . 
  for one , it had an incredibly important role in the american revolution . 
  without such visionaries as jefferson and washington , the colonies may not have been able to break away at all . 
  as far as world influence , i literally can not even imagine what the world would now look like if great britain had retained its american colonies . 
  similarly , another virginian , woodrow wilson , was the us president during wwi . 
  though unsuccessful at the time , his efforts at creating the league of nations can still be felt today through the eventual creation of the un . 
  second , early virginians are often credited with having advanced western political thought . 
  while democracy is a quintessential characteristic of western civilization today , it is easy to forget that most of europe was under some form of despotism until the 20th century and most of the continent slide back into it in the middle of the century as well . 
  the virginia declaration of rights was a groundbreaking document that influenced the us bill of rights through its guarantee of basic rights for all men regardless of class . 
  similarly , the constitution and declaration of independence were both strongly influenced by virginian delegates . 
  actually , quite a few of the cornerstones of western political thought such as freedom of religion , freedom of speech , equality under the law , and a government representative of and working for the common man were espoused by virginian writers such as jefferson and adams . 
  i am not attempting to glaze over the obvious negative parts of virginia 's past nor denigrate the obvious importance of portugal in world events . 
  my point was that virginia has very significantly contributed to western philosophy , and its influence in world events is definitely still felt today . 
  as i consider democracy and liberalism the most important tenets of western thought , i think the influence of virginia on western culture has been quite profound , certainly comparable to all but the biggest european states .
