i was so annoyed with the trips the polish students chose during erasmus in poland . 
  we did krakow with the salt mines and death camps . 
  and then warsaw to see ministry of culture building and uprising museum . 
  not the most upbeat impression of the country they could have left me with . 
  that is only relevant if you last long enough . 
  think of all of the allied countries in ww2 that were knocked out of the war before they could even organize a coherent defense , much less shift the economy towards war production . 
  warsaw is my favorite polish city ; contrary to popular opinion , i find it much more attractive than krakow or gdansk . 
  on the ground , it is nothing that special ; there are n't many breathtaking views or hidden treasures like in many of the other capitals . 
  when you are able to take in the whole city at once though , it is just so powerful to see the pictures of how desolate it was at the end of ww2 and then look at how much progress they have made in the last twenty years . 
  seriously . 
  in a list of countries considered historically impossible to occupy and yielding little or no strategic benefit in doing so , russia is right up there with afghanistan . 
  except the precedent is that now that invading your neighbors and fucking with global oil markets is a good way to get arbitrarily squashed by the us on trumped up pretenses at some point in the future . 
  and that neither a large army nor international law will save you . 
  how many multi-state wars have there been since iraq ? 
  and it was nothing worse than the people of germany deserved at that point . 
  given how incredibly low the minimum wage already is , any increase that is none negligible in real terms will be a very significant percentage . 
  an increase of .30 euros would be 20 % , and even doubling it would only be a paltry three and a half euros per hour . 
  having spent time in poland , i think that lithuania is probably similar in that many of the older unskilled workers are legitimately not productive enough to warrant an increase in wages . 
  they would likely become permanently unemployable if the minimum wage is increased too high too fast . 
  depends on the industry , but for some that are heavy in labor , if labor costs doubled over night , there is no way that revenue would do the same . 
  restaurants for example typically already have razor thin margins ( at least in the us ) . 
  completely stupid and arbitrary methodology . 
  penalizes countries for military preparedness as well as a whole slew of unrelated economic and social variables . 
  the only way to do really well is to essentially be a client state of some other country and therefore have no standing army of your own . 
  right , so czechoslovakia was a soviet satellite . 
  the czech republic and slovakia are technically not because they came after the ussr , no ? 
  i have been to both by the way . 
  in all fairness , the french in particular get called out for that all of the time though . 
  i do n't understand the comment about czechoslovakia . 
  what is the preferred terminology ? 
  in the us , we normally call poland , czechoslovakia , hungary , etc. 
  former soviet satellites . 
  source ? 
  the us played a larger indirect role in the conflict than most people give us credit for . 
  lend-lease was important to both the uk and ussr before the us had even entered the war . 
  us strategic bombing of military targets had a noticeable negative effect on german capacity to keep armies in the field , and allied bombing of civilian targets certainly had a major impact on morale . 
  operations in north africa and italy helped to disrupt supply chains and diverted troops . 
  the ussr suffered and inflicted the most casualties , but the uk , us , commonwealth , and resistance forces all played a more vital role than casualty numbers alone would suggest . 
  honestly , i would attribute it more to newer generations everywhere not being very knowledgeable about world history . 
  if you were well read on the war , it is clear that the ussr had a massive army , did the majority of the fighting on the ground , and suffered the bulk of the casualties . 
  however , if you did not have very much information about wwii and looked only at the modern world , you would likely guess that the us had been the dominant army and done most of the work . 
  right now , the us military is categorically the most powerful and elements of our culture are very obvious in most european cities . 
  almost all of europe is us allied , and there are us troops still stationed all over the place . 
  it would be an easy mistake to assume that the us was this dominant a mere 70 years ago as well or that this dominance was a result of its major role in defeating germany . 
  though admittedly anglo-american films about the war typically do a lot to perpetuate this view of the war as well . 
  i studied with a bunch of slovenians for a year . 
  along with the portuguese , they were the country that noticeably exceeded my expectations in terms of speaking english . 
  compared to croatia , the difference was massive . 
  i ca n't imagine that is true , especially given the recession ; my guess is that this graph does n't account for inflation . 
  the growth is still probably massive , but in real terms ( constant dollars ) , there is no way it is 4 times as large . 
  edit : really . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=gdp_production_constant_2000_us&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:est&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ) is why i believe i am correct . 
  does anyone have a counter argument or did you all just want to keep circlejerking ? 
  jesus christ , i like to think i have pretty thick skin , but i can not stand the stereotype some europeans have of the us as a technophobic theocracy on the verge of economic collapse because of government incompetence . 
  the us is doing okay ; [ you may wish to hold off critiquing our public policy for a bit longer . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_pcap_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:usa:est:deu&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ), 
  that 's not entirely fair . 
  when europe decided to allow genocide in the balkans to go unchecked for an embarrassingly long time , we did have to bomb some white people as well . 
  and this sentiment is exactly the reason us involvement in europe is still necessary . 
  yes , because one is chronically underdeveloped and known for crime and corruption , and the other is the complete opposite . 
  compared to the `` blue banana , '' they are more similar than people from either place would like to admit . 
  people use western europe here at least . 
  generally , i think west vs. east is a political definition rather than a geographic one in the us . 
  countries that were nato aligned vs. soviet aligned vs. some flavor of neutral . 
  deal with it . 
  i understand that you consider it central europe , but a. ), 
  poland is on the eastern border of the eu b. ), 
  it is historically not `` western '' is the context of politics during the cold war for anyone who does n't live there , eastern europe is a catchall term for all of the baltic , slavic , or balkan countries . 
  besides to hear you europeans tell it , no country is in eastern europe . 
  last time i was there , even the ukrainians claimed to be from central europe , based on a geographic definition of europe that included most of russia . 
  not to be a dick , but have you seen the us navy ? 
  it is essentially as large as everyone else 's put together currently , and this does n't even include any technological differences . 
  even accounting for the fact that eu gdp and population are higher than the us 's , you would still need to spend something ridiculous like 4 % to match us military spending . 
  i did n't confuse the countries , nor was i deliberately belittling denmark . 
  i am however confident that religious leaders in these countries do n't preach against denmark for the moral decay of the youth nor do politicians routinely blame danish leaders for their own economic backwardness . 
  the us is the current scapegoat for every perceived negative effect of westernism in general , and gets the overwhelming majority of the blame . 
  edit : my point was that i doubt most of the people who were interviewed in jordan or pakistan have even heard of denmark or could place it on a map . 
  [ til that the world consists solely of leftist european politicians and the ignorant masses in the middle east . 
  ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/news/other/u-s-soars-world-popularity-charts-post-iraq-will-it-f6c10878886 ) i am not going to take it personally though . 
  if denmark were more active on the world stage , i am confident most of those countries would hate you as well . 
  the best example of this is canada . 
  it is sad and scary how quickly things went bad there when resources were discovered, 
  that 's fine in theory , but in practice , it is incredibly annoying for both parties to have you stumble through whatever language you are studying when they are already competent in english . 
  unless you are close , it might also be perceived as something of an insult unless their english is perfect ; `` your english is so poor that i believe it will be faster for me to repeat the few words i know and gesture until you get my point . '', 
  if their english is much better than you speak their language , forcing them to switch stops being a casual conversation and becomes you demanding language lessons . 
  i have only met 4 of you in my exchange program so take this with a grain of salt . 
  i generally liked the bulgarians i met . 
  i did n't really come in with any specific stereotypes of the country other than it is poor by european standards and `` eastern european . '', 
  i found most of you speak english pretty well ( due to the lack of subtitles on pirated media i heard ) which always instantly helps my opinion of people . 
  the people i met were friendly , unpretentious , and reasonably hard-working . 
  the only real negative i can think of was that not all of them were particularly politically correct . 
  there were a few occasions where i found some of their very vocal opinions towards germans , gypsies , jews , etc. 
  fairly offensive . 
  this always blows my mind . 
  i have literally never met anyone who claims to be from eastern europe . 
  even the ukrainians i have met generally use technicalities to label ukraine as `` central '' europe . 
  having visited most of the capitals in that region , if i did n't know in advance that bratislava was a capital city , i do n't think i would have guessed it . 
  it 's charming but not quite as viscerally beautiful or interesting as the others . 
  i expected to not like or get along with the french students i met , but i honestly found that i liked the overwhelming majority . 
  a lot of the parisians i met were not so much arrogant as just kind of oblivious about their wealth ( talking about $ 500 jackets while hanging out with students whose parents make that much in a month struck me as somewhat gauche ) .
