  other than that and the fact most of you are atrocious at english , i really have only positive things to say . 
  the students from northern and south-western france were literally some of the nicest people i have ever met , and almost all of the french students came across as well educated , cultured , and reasonably hard-working . 
  i disagree . 
  the baltics and other ee countries did not join nato * that * recently . 
  my understanding was that ukraine and georgia were more recently de facto denied membership in nato as well because it would have been too provocative to russia . 
  unless it spectacularly imploded somehow , the us would never join the eu as a new member state . 
  if there were major external threats , i could see the two federations merging into a new entity , but i think pride on both sides would require entirely new laws , a new constitution , a new flag , new symbols , etc. 
  even then i have no doubts the us would demand some pretty significant concessions ( as the uk did ) . 
  i have never really understood this argument . 
  it 's like some europeans think america might just decide to reinvade normandy next year and stay this time unless they start conscripting troops to fight them off . 
  having lived in the eu for a year , i can honestly say that i did not notice any huge cultural differences with students from any eu country . 
  compared to the other billions of people in the world , europe and north america are extraordinarily similar . 
  besides the eu is already an economic superpower , and the us , canada , and virtually all eu countries are already allied militarily . 
  thanks . 
  i thought of that when i saw your flair actually . 
  i remember that photo and that it was the danish pm , but i could n't remember her name . 
  this is just my popular perception as a foreigner , but i only ever hear about france and the uk being active on the world stage . 
  even germany does not seem to make world headlines very often ( except for the nsa scandal of course and pointed comments to russia occasionally ) . 
  out of the 28 countries , only a handful are ever mentioned in news here other than in business reports or fluff pieces . 
  i am reasonably well informed on current events , and i ca n't think of any current leaders other than cameron , hollande , merkel , tusk , barroso , and draghi off the top of my head . 
  that seems to only be an argument for learning about large , internationally active countries . 
  having lived in poland , i obviously know where ukraine is , but i still do n't see any reason that knowledge is useful now that i am back in the us . 
  most countries do not take actions that have any relevance at all on a global scale , and a rational person will not spend time or effort learning about something that has no impact on his life . 
  for proof of this , how many europeans can perfectly complete a map of africa ? 
  i could not possibly care less which currency lesotho has , which languages they use , how they vote in the un , who they go to war with , how well they do in the olympics , it 's immigration policies , or whether they are involved in any crises at the moment . 
  the entire country could disappear tomorrow and i very much doubt my life would be any different . 
  the same is true for ukraine . 
  except for the us 's historical animosity and jostling for power with russia , there are virtually no connections between anything happening in ukraine and my day to day life . 
  correctly me if i am mistaken , but eu members cede some of their international power simply by joining , right ? 
  at least economically , it was my understanding that eu countries all have the same external tariffs for instance and have certain industrial standards they are required to follow . 
  i am not sure it is possible for one eu country to unilaterally embargo an external country for instance . 
  except for representation in the un and something ridiculous like declaring war , what international powers does say lithuania have that louisiana does n't ? 
  i understand what you are saying about culture and language , but solely in terms of politics , i think they are fairly similar . 
  us states have a decent amount of autonomy . 
  except for the specific powers given to the central government , all other powers are theoretically reserved for individual states . 
  this is the reason colorado is able to unilaterally legalize marijuana or gun laws vary so dramatically between states . 
  compared to the eu , the us central government is bigger and stronger ( because it takes in a lot more tax revenue ) so i will agree that individual eu countries have more autonomy than us states . 
  at the same time , there are clearly some constraints placed on individual member countries by eu mandates , and over time , i expect that the eu central government will grow more powerful and slowly strip powers from member states ( as the us national gov ' t has done historically ) . 
  many us states are larger than european countries in gdp , population , and geographic size . 
  the netherlands is not a small country ( by european standards ) and there are 4 us states larger than it by both gdp and population . 
  i understand the argument that people should have some knowledge of the major european states based on world history alone , but i really do not understand the distinction some people make between state and country ( especially given most eu countries play little or no international role independent of their eu involvement ) . 
  jefi\u0146\u0161 sounds a like `` oaf , '' `` a stupid , uncultured , or clumsy person . '', 
  is it similar to `` sisu '' from finnish ? 
  i think `` grit '' is a pretty similar concept . 
  you are a braver man than i am . 
  as many things as are wrong with ukraine , i ca n't help but think the situation is not as completely hopeless as parts of africa for instance . 
  i think ukraine joining the eu would slowly bring their culture and institutions in line with the west , even if it takes a generation or two . 
  i think you are right . 
  it is common to use specific french culinary terms like puree or bisque depending on what is in it , but i ca n't think of a term for all types of `` thick soup '' like that . 
  i would take that over a recession at least . 
  also , looking at gdp fails to take into account population growth among other things . 
  i bet there is more immigration and higher birthrates in the uk or us than most euro countries . 
  if the population grows 3 % and gdp grows 3 % , no one is better off . 
  if the population stays constant and the economy grows 1.5 % then people are 1.5 % more productive and have 1.5 % more income . 
  as a final note , i think this is nominal gdp anyways . 
  eurozone inflation is dangerously low 0 % ; the bright side of this being virtually all nominal growth is real growth as a consequence . 
  i was always taught just to treat `` ustedes '' like any other 3rd person plural , so spain has 6 conjugations for each tense and latin america only has 5 that are actually used . 
  that was my point , but you are obviously correct . 
  i 'm from the mid-atlantic ; i use `` you all '' when i am referring to a group and do not want to be mistaken for specifying a single person in that group . 
  it is kind of ironic that we created a second person plural . 
  the opposite happened with spanish . 
  my understanding is that continental spanish has this ( vosotros ) , but it is super rare in most parts of latin america . 
  i could be wrong , but i do n't believe the budapest memorandum * requires * a us military response like nato treaties do ; it is n't really comparable . 
  russia invading and the us doing nothing would break up nato for sure and probably the eu as well . 
  geopolitically and economically , the us would be fucked if that happened , ergo ( in the incredibly unlikely event of war ) , i expect the us would intervene . 
  besides , the us is much stronger than russia and defending europe would go a long way towards restoring the us 's reputation overseas . 
  essentially yes , that is what a lot of central banks have already been doing since the recession in 2008 . 
  i admittedly have no idea what instruments the ecb is actually empowered to use ; my understanding is that they really have n't done `` quantitative easing '' like the fed or boe though . 
  given that interest rates in europe ca n't go any lower either , some kind of direct injection of cash would appear to be one of the only options left . 
  on the other hand , even the worst-hit ez countries have been getting slightly better , no ? 
  i ca n't see the germans risking inflation by pumping a huge amount of money into a system about to start expanding anyways . 
  paying that much in cash would be a bitch , and i bet they would n't even throw in a free grocery bag when you buy a multi-million dollar tank . 
  i am not so sure . 
  one , it sets a bad precedent that the us does n't honor treaty obligations ( and thus invites further aggression , from say china against taiwan or japan ) . 
  two , `` new '' europe tends to be relatively pro-american politically . 
  i am not sure about slovakia , but poland has been very supportive of the us during the war on terror . 
  the baltic states as well i believe . 
  the us is pretty war-weary , but definitely not enough to turn our back on allies in a defensive war against one of our historical enemies . 
  i doubt it . 
  certainly at the moment , every western country has bigger things they would like to working on ( e.g. 
  the economy , which is still shaky in parts of both the us and eu ) . 
  everyone is treating this like the unwanted sideshow that it is , so i think it is safe to assume they were n't clamoring for it . 
  i am really stretching for how this is related to europe other than extremely tangentially ... 
  i honestly think the opposite . 
  most americans if anything probably overestimate how important the uk is . 
  along with france and germany , the uk is one of the only recognizable and memorable eu members to the average american . 
  for a lot of people , there are probably only about 5 countries in europe , of which we learned the most about the uk and consequently assume is the most important . 
  by military spending and cultural exports , the uk is objectively still a powerhouse as well . 
  we have the stereotype of the italian military just being spectacularly incompetent ( but not necessarily surrender prone ) . 
  i do n't think that goes far enough . 
  socks are a fundamental human right and thus should be provided , free of charge of course , by the government . 
  it took me longer than i care to admit , but then i remembered that germany and ukraine do not share a border . 
  it was similar during the cold war . 
  the day the us forces in berlin got wiped out would have been the same day reagan launched the missiles . 
  my dad was an officer there at the time , and basically everyone was convinced they were there only as a nuclear tripwire . 
  i think it works much better in some geographic areas than others . 
  i imagine a militia works okay in very mountainous or snowy terrain repelling primarily infantry , but i ca n't see how it could possibly do anything at all against an armor column on the plains of poland or ukraine for instance . 
  honest question : when has the us ever betrayed or gone to war with a former ally ? 
  we are coming up on 200 years of peace with both the uk and canada , and surely even our former enemies of japan and germany would admit they were generally treated fairly after the war . 
  admittedly , the whole nsa thing is a bit of a black mark , but other than that , the us is pretty consistent with its allies ( particularly the european ones arguably ) .
