  in barnsley , the official labour remain campaign cancelled a scheduled street stall in the town centre on the day before the vote . 
  it was felt to be too dangerous . 
  jonny walker , a pro-remain busker and labour activist who defied warnings to stay away from barnsley on the same day , said he was advised by organisers that `` people 's safety could n't be guaranteed '' . 
  `` the day before , an elderly man had been punched while handing out remain literature . 
  i thought we should n't let fear win , so i turned up with my busking gear , a lot of leaflets and a big ` labour in for britain ' poster . 
  the atmosphere was really hostile . 
  `` people told me i had a nerve , coming to their town . 
  they started talking to street wardens , trying to move me on . 
  one angry woman in her 40s came up , took the poster , tore it up and threw it in the bin . 
  another woman told me to f *** off . 
  she said i was n't welcome . '' might ukip mirror the snp 's conquest of labour in scotland by persuading the party 's northern strongholds to desert en masse , lured by a simplistic but seductive mantra of anti-elitism and anti-immigration ? 
  steven woolfe , odd-on favourites to become the party 's next leader , called last week on the party to `` go ruthlessly after labour seats in the north and the midlands '' . 
  in grimethorpe , opinion among lifelong labour voters was divided . 
  mr wood thought that the referendum result was a one-off howl of outrage from people who would probably return to the labour fold at a general election , though he admitted that he was a lot less certain of such tribal loyalties than he would have been 20 years ago . 
  a 68-year-old man who would not give his name , but who said he worked at the colliery for 23 years and has lived in the village since the days `` when no one locked their front doors '' , was far more doubtful . 
  `` there 's an old saying in yorkshire , cock . 
  tha ' can put a donkey up for labour and they 'll get in . 
  we 've always been staunch labour here , but nigel farage was right . 
  we do n't want any more immigrants . 
  that 's what swung the referendum . 
  `` jeremy corbyn will never lead labour into power . 
  we 've got lads and lasses finishing college who end up flipping burgers ' cos there 's no work for them , while poles come over here and walk straight into a job . 
  why do n't labour and ukip put themselves together and form a proper party ? '' a cry from the heartland of labour the scale of northern england 's rebellion seems to have come as little surprise to labour politicians in yorkshire , where tens of thousands of people who no longer vote at general elections had their say in the referendum ( andrew norfolk writes ) . 
  emphatically they voted for brexit . 
  dan jarvis , the barnsley central mp , believes that , for many , a poll that was ostensibly about the uk 's membership of the european union became `` a referendum on their lives '' . 
  mr jarvis , regarded by some as labour 's future saviour , represents a seat that was among the 50 english constituencies with the lowest turnout in last year 's election . 
  of those , 48 were won by labour , all but eight of them in the north or the midlands . 
  thirteen were in yorkshire and the humber ; all but two in local authorities where the vote for leave was at least 66.3 per cent . 
  the out vote nationally was 51.9 per cent . 
  in south yorkshire 's brexit heartland of barnsley , doncaster and rotherham , where 68.4 per cent voted leave , labour mps in seats with a low 2015 turnout include the party 's former leader , ed miliband , and its chief whip , rosie winterton . 
  across three adjoining councils , the number of voters soared from 343,887 to 411,692 . 
  most did not re-engage with the democratic process in order to pledge allegiance to the eu . 
  jeremy corbyn this week defended eu freedom of movement rules and dismissed any suggestion that his displays of solidarity with communist cuba might not be the most pressing priority for labour voters in the north . 
  sir steve houghton , leader of barnsley council for 20 years , said mr corbyn 's understanding of working people was `` very limited '' . 
  `` it 's what he 's learned in metropolitan london . 
  we may all live in the same country but we do n't all live in the same world . '', 
  ** 1/2 ** he barely raises his head to explain , almost apologetically , that `` you just feel let down by how things have happened around here '' . 
  asked why he voted leave , there is a brief glance up to make eye contact . 
  the gaze is one of defiance , tinged with a hint of despair . 
  `` why not ? 
  we 've tried everything else . '' the former miner lives in a south yorkshire village that our nation left behind . 
  in the eu referendum , it hit back . 
  to spend a day in grimethorpe was to begin to understand why so many people in labour 's northern heartlands chose brexit . 
  and why ukip is licking its lips . 
  johnny wood , a former miner , said that he intended to vote remain but changed his mind at the last minute andrew mccaren for the times a few locals said that they voted out to kick the tories ; to stick a finger up to `` the rich and the elite '' . 
  others wanted to `` take back our island '' . 
  some seemingly yearned to rewind history , to return to a past that no longer exists . 
  overwhelmingly , however , the voters of grimethorpe went to their local polling stations -- in numbers unprecedented in recent years -- to signal anger , confusion , bitterness and fear about a single , dominant issue . 
  in this almost all-white village of 4,500 people , five miles from barnsley , last month 's referendum was all about immigration . 
  more specifically , although residents young and old tended to put it rather more bluntly , their votes were their verdict on the impact of eu freedom of movement rules on english communities where , according to one labour mp , `` a lot of my people have never even been to london '' . 
  for an explanation , one need look no further than the former site of grimethorpe colliery . 
  on its grave stands a giant industrial park whose two biggest companies employ hundreds of recent arrivals from eastern europe . 
  they came to the uk because jobs in grimethorpe were advertised in poland and romania . 
  many villagers feel cast aside in favour of unskilled , low-wage migrant workers who speak no english . 
  they do not think that is fair . 
  big northern cities such as leeds , manchester and liverpool , which all voted remain , have found it easier to absorb much larger numbers of eu migrants . 
  in the region 's post-industrial towns and villages , small changes have had a much bigger impact . 
  many in grimethorpe feel betrayed by a system that they claim gives immigrants priority for jobs and school places , despite # 165 million of investment in the village andrew mccaren for the times the three most pro-brexit areas of yorkshire were the adjoining local authorities of barnsley , doncaster and rotherham , where the combined leave vote was 68.4 per cent . 
  while the referendum turnout nationally was six percentage points higher than in last year 's general election , across those three councils it jumped by 11 points . 
  all nine westminster seats are held by labour mps who backed remain . 
  in seven of them , ukip came second in 2015 . 
  in barnsley alone , more than 20,600 people who did not vote for any party at the general election chose to have their say in the eu referendum . 
  in the council ward that includes grimethorpe and a couple of neighbouring villages , turnout rose from 5,679 to 6,858 . 
  here , they say their children 's nursery school places are being handed to polish children . 
  they want to know why the labels of so many products in the local convenience store are in a language they can not understand . 
  if this is progress , they do n't want a bar of it . 
  brassed off , starring ewan mcgregor , was all-too accurate alamy november will bring the 20th anniversary of the release of brassed off , the widely acclaimed film about a brass band from a loosely-fictionalised village , grimley , whose coal mine has been earmarked for closure . 
  it was grimethorpe 's story , with a soundtrack courtesy of the grimethorpe colliery band . 
  andy , the band member played by ewan mcgregor , remarks at one point : `` the only reason i get up in the morning is to see if my luck 's changed . 
  and it never bloody has . '' in this part of south yorkshire , that sounds about right . 
  grimethorpe 's reason to exist was its colliery , which began producing coal in 1894 . 
  the village was built to serve the pit . 
  in 99 years , 155 people died underground . 
  when it closed in 1993 , a community lost its soul . 
  mass unemployment triggered an exodus of those capable of finding work elsewhere . 
  houses were abandoned ; shops and pubs closed . 
  cue boarded-up and vandalised properties , soaring crimes levels and a surge in the use of hard drugs by teenagers denied a future . 
  the village was dying . 
  what ensued was a remarkable regeneration programme that from 1997 to 2010 pumped # 165 million of public and private-sector investment into one fractured community . 
  the contribution from local and national government , plus significant eu funding , totalled # 67 million . 
  contaminated land was reclaimed and a new link road built . 
  derelict houses were demolished and replaced by 600 new homes . 
  grimethorpe 's colliery closed in 1993 despite local protests . 
  the regeneration that followed brought polish workers steve eason/getty images at the heart of the project was the new industrial estate . 
  its biggest companies are asos , the uk 's biggest independent online fashion retailer , and symphony group , britain 's largest privately-owned manufacturer of fitted kitchen and bedroom furniture . 
  locals claim that most employees at both companies are foreign nationals . 
  asos has a giant distribution warehouse the size of six football pitches . 
  its management is outsourced to a global logistics company , xpo , that employs 4,000 people at the site . 
  symphony has 800 production workers at its grimethorpe factory , less than half of whom are uk nationals . 
  an estimated 430 employees are eu migrants , 96 per cent of them from poland . 
  asos declined to provide a nationality breakdown for its 4,000 warehouse workers , many of whom are thought to be polish or romanian . 
  both companies admitted using agencies that recruit overseas . 
  symphony said that jobs were advertised in poland to meet vacancies it was `` unable to fill from the local area '' . 
  an xpo spokesperson said that it selected `` the best talent for our organisation irrespective of background , race or any other factor '' . 
  asos said that it focused on `` providing jobs for the people of grimethorpe and the wider barnsley community but it was `` not always possible to fill all our roles locally '' . 
  none of which batters many haddocks at grimethorpe 's white city chippy , where chelsea priestley told of the day she went for a job interview at asos . 
  `` me and my mam went and there was a load of polish people there , talking all jibber-jabber . 
  we turned up , had an interview , then they took us to one side and said they did n't want us . 
  they gave the jobs to the foreigners . 
  it 's not fair .
