  mr corbyn is not expected to occupy 10 downing street . 
  ms le pen may make it into the second round of the presidential election -- only to be beaten heavily in the final vote , just as her father was in 2002 . 
  german chancellor angela merkel 's government still commands the centre , right and left . 
  but the new normal is not likely to be a return to settled party rule . 
  political elites have neither vigorously enough renewed their offerings to the electors nor shared their disillusionment . 
  the moderates in the uk labour party , for example , have failed to produce a vision for a new relationship between social democracy and a much changed capitalism and globalisation since the third way debates under tony blair in the 1990s . 
  in europe , the future of the euro is threatened by eu ambivalence about where sovereignty should lie and the failure of the single currency to be either stable or a mechanism for closer union . 
  this is a fearful time , with popular authoritarian leaders to europe 's east probing for advantage . 
  liberals of left or right can not emulate the populists but their leaders have no choice but to work harder at shaping a politics of freedom that does not feel like in-difference to left-behinders on the part of out-in-fronters . 
  the writer is an ft contributing editor, 
  exactly this - it 's liberal leavers ( hannan etc ) and remain who 'd be ok with eea . 
  that 's probably over 50 %, 
  considered that - i guess it makes sense - less likely to cost them 2020, 
  getting rather close to the next ge first concern with that is that they 'll ( try ) rush trade agreements to show look at what we 're doing/done, 
  not necessarily impossible , unpopular with 40 % ( or so ) probably . 
  it will happen - but nobody knows how - eea style single market seems to be the rational and least damaging option, 
  if i recall , italian domestic demand was poor . 
  makes it more challenging for their banks to deal with the non performing loans . 
  i do n't think the various economists called them those terms . 
   and remain voters voting remain because they perceive leave voters as racist would be responsible ? 
  because half of the remain voters on my facebook seemed to vote based on `` look how not racist i am '' your fb feed is n't a great poll, 
  do n't see how they 've been ` insulted ' ? 
  it 's hard talking to people who do n't want to listen, 
  na m8 we fakin ' tired of experts and elites, 
  yeah looking painful for european banks still ubs seems largely done with their restructuring , but the vast majority still seem to need cost cutting to increase capitalisation . 
  you 're right totally . 
  i used the very literal basic micro definition in interest of simplicity . 
  the niesr paper/link used tfp for its analysis . 
   you said the reasons for low wages ( low productivity + public freezes ) were the reasons behind low unemployment ... and that is stupid . 
  wage * growth * is linked to productivity . 
  poor productivity is linked to labour hoarding . 
  labour hoarding is linked to low unemployment . 
  they 're connected . 
  and as the blanchflower/bell paper states - lower pay and reduced hours also have had an impact . 
  productivity = output divided by worker = output/worker output ( declining ) - due to less demand workers ( decline less than output ) - due to labour hoarding means output per worker decreased . 
  your formula would be the metric ( s ) gdp per employed and gdp per capita , respectively . 
  it was n't intentional - it just sort of happened . 
  uk labour market is fairly flexible to begin with . 
  financial crisis happened , but firms did n't lay off workers that much . 
  declines in demand meant output fell but workers did n't fall proportionately . 
  so productivity fell . 
  that contributed to little/no wage growth ( among other things ) . 
  see : http://www.niesr.ac.uk/blog/can-we-solve-uk%e2%80%99s-productivity-puzzle#.v6j3xdsrkuk  whatever the cause , this real wage decline may have encouraged employers to retain labour at a time when , if their price relative to capital had been higher , workers would have been laid off . 
  many employers were therefore able to pay those wages and were minded to do so , rather than lay workers off , partly because many came into the recession after a period of good profits -- unlike in the recession of the early 1990s -- and because some wished to avoid the heavy costs involved in firing high-skilled labour only to have to re-employ it in the inevitable upturn . 
  also see : https://www.ft.com/content/a82be370-23f9-11e6-9d4d-c11776a5124d and : http://www.dartmouth.edu/~blnchflr/papers/bell-blanchflower.pdf , p. 1  however , the increase in unemployment has been less than some commentators , including the authors of this paper , initially expected . 
  in part this has been because firms have hoarded labour , cut hours and lowered pay . 
  so lower productivity is perhaps more a symptom - of labour hoarding - which can contribute to anemic wage growth . 
  i do n't know much about the german labour market post financial crisis so i ca n't really offer much comment . 
  also , just recalled , you mentioned services , if i recall that was part of the reason firms were keen to hoard labour - as training and rehiring would be costly when demand did pick up again . 
  there was a phenomenon of labour hoarding post financial crisis . 
  this was noticed by the boe and became a big debate . 
  productivity = output/worker . 
  but , there was less demand so output fell but firms did n't cut workers accordingly . 
  hence , productivity fell . 
  but , unemployment did n't creep up that much . 
  see : http://www.dartmouth.edu/~blnchflr/papers/bell-blanchflower.pdf , p. 1  however , the increase in unemployment has been less  than some commentators , including the authors of this  paper , initially expected . 
  in part this has been because  firms have hoarded labour , cut hours and lowered pay . 
  so yeah , it 's not a `` stupid '' thing to suggest . 
  also see : uk productivity puzzle . 
  but the price change should be included - this measure is real wages . 
  not really/depends how you look at it . 
  wage growth was poor , but unemployment was low . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  i guess it could basically be split into eurozone and eea states . 
  seems reasonable and compatible as eurozone states probably do need greater levels fiscal union . 
  * public sector pay freeze * low productivity but , we had low unemployment . 
  it 's a tradeoff . 
  also dismal productivity . 
  all eyes are on britain and the uncharted political landscape it must navigate to exit europe . 
  but the eu , as the other party in the negotiation , should face scrutiny , too . 
  supporters of the union seem actually to hope britain will suffer as a result of its democratic decision . 
  certainly they appear to take delight in any news confirming their pessimistic predictions . 
  many are still calling for a firm hand to be used against the uk -- which is naive since britain represents a significant proportion of eu gross domestic product ( about 16 per cent in 2014 , says eurostat ) and it will continue to be a leading trading partner and staunch political ally in a challenging world . 
  their argument seems to centre on the logic that britain must not be allowed to escape too easily for fear of encouraging others to follow . 
  why so little faith in the appeal of their own union ? 
  i suspect that they fear it is actually the dysfunctional euro , rather than brexit , that poses the biggest risk to the eu . 
  when the euro was introduced , it was hailed as a highly liquid currency union , rivalled only by the dollar market , which would attract investments from all over the world and deliver economic growth . 
  the hope was that it would come to represent an irresistible gravitational force , tempting even its strongest critics into its orbit . 
  none of this has come to pass . 
  for a start , neighbouring countries are not exactly queueing up to join , thanks to persistently low rates of economic growth across the eurozone as a whole . 
  furthermore , it is mainly the european central bank , with its ever growing balance sheet and negative interest rates , that keeps the eurozone liquid -- much to the dismay of financial institutions . 
  there is no real confidence in the future of the euro . 
  the brexit vote merely reflects existing difficulties about which the eu is in denial . 
  unlike the eu , the currency union can not be left by any member without widespread economic and political fallout . 
  yet for the euro to survive , a solid banking union and some sort of system of pan-eurozone guarantees will be required at a minimum . 
  germany can and will agree to this only if members of the single currency relinquish aspects of their fiscal autonomy . 
  to put it bluntly , the eurozone has to integrate further -- whether or not member states like it -- if the collapse of the euro , and with it that of the eu , is to be avoided . 
  this is where the brexit vote provides a unique opportunity to fix what can no longer be ignored . 
  the eu as a whole can not function within the constraints of a rigid one-size-fits-all corset : it needs to create a diverse range of models for national participation . 
  the single market can provide the critical link between these models , allowing europe to thrive and the eurozone to exist as one of the models but not the only one . 
  it is economically silly and politically wrong to use the single market as a form of strong-arming . 
  reducing the choice to either staying in , adopting the semi-detached norwegian model ( full taxation without representation ) or an `` out means out '' edict can not be the answer if europe is really all about joint peace and prosperity . 
  in light of this , the brexit vote offers an opportunity to start afresh with a blank canvas . 
  europeans should not waste time on hurt feelings and blame games . 
  the focus should be twofold . 
  first , the single currency zone would have to offer attractive rates of growth so that nations are willing to sacrifice some sovereignty in order to join . 
  second , for nations that choose to be outside the single currency , the principle should be that they adopt as many eu standards as necessary while retaining the maximum national sovereignty , using the mechanism of the single market as the hub that holds together the new models of europe . 
  if we achieve this , the people of the uk might have made the right choice in june , albeit for the wrong reason . 
  the writer was until april chief executive at bhf kleinwort benson group, 
  not really .
