  victorian ladies did not suddenly emerge from bathing machines in thongs . 
  and even now what we choose to reveal depends on our age , shape , mood and climate . 
  western notions of the body are not without flaws . 
  france prides itself in its female figurehead , marianne , whose bare-breasted image stands in every town hall . 
  but sculpted as the likeness of the hottie du jour , whether brigitte bardot or catherine deneuve , she is a male ideal , not an everywoman . 
  in germany and scandinavia nudity is a liberator , a force for breaking down social divisions ; the unclothed body is wholesome not sexual . 
  which accounts for the horrific collision of values when some muslim migrant men schooled in awrah have entered german swimming pools . 
  france has around five million muslims . 
  it can not deport them all so , as a proxy , it drives them off the promenade des anglais there is a correlation between a society 's ease with nudity and its level of gender equality . 
  but banning burkinis , demanding muslim women expose their flesh , is not going to bring instant liberation . 
  while britain prides itself on tolerance , france 's actions will have repercussions here . 
  the hijab has become a statement of identity and defiance for muslims living in the west : the burkini could become one too . 
  already manufacturers report an increase in orders . 
  worse still , by using secularism as the justification for humiliating women , france defames an ideology which is the best hope for liberal muslims seeking freedom . 
  secular principles protect girls from being compelled into niqabs at school , mean sharia courts have no formal jurisdiction , and public spaces -- universities , meetings , transport -- can not be gender-segregated . 
  it is the guiding light for muslim feminists like egyptian mona eltahawy , author of headscarves and hymens , who believes the muslim world needs a sexual revolution , including the end of awrah . 
  secularism should mean freedom , not compulsion . 
  france is traumatised by recent terrorist atrocities but , thanks to its colonial legacy , it has around five million muslims . 
  it can not deport them all so , as a proxy , it drives them off the promenade des anglais . 
  but it needs the loyalty and cooperation of its many peaceful , patriotic muslim citizens , especially women , who abhor their children being dragged into a death cult . 
  true cultural integration happens through female back channels : letting children play together , school-gate friendships , the informal ties that bind a community . 
  france should realise muslim women are allies , part of a solution to its broken society . 
  it must stop fighting them on the beaches . 
  they have limited service coverage under their efta and bilateral agreements . 
  hence why ubs and cs have fairly big offices in london . 
  globalisation is in trouble . 
  the expansion of global markets is not a popular cause and is suffering a severe political backlash . 
  brexit and the emergence of anti-trade sentiment in the us presidential race are testament to that revolt . 
  critics maintain that the integration of global commerce is n't working ; people are being left behind . 
  some of the grievances expressed by figures as diverse as donald trump , bernie sanders and nigel farage reflect reality . 
  international trade agreements and investment flows do erode national sovereignty . 
  globalisation does put at risk some domestic industries and the jobs of their workforce . 
  but there 's another side to the ledger , and the remedies proposed by economic nationalists will entrench the bad side-effects . 
  economic openness and free trade have huge welfare gains . 
  one of the reasons that this message is not getting out to voters is that international trade was badly damaged by the financial crisis and ensuing recession . 
  no one has yet found a convincing explanation but world trade volumes have grown by an average of only 3 per cent annually since 2009 . 
  that compares with an annual average growth rate of 6 per cent between 1980 and 2008 . 
  throughout the postwar era , with the brief exception of the early 1970s , trade has expanded faster than global gdp . 
  the disappointing performance of trade since the financial crash is reflected in the painfully sluggish recovery throughout the advanced industrial economies . 
  weak growth and declining real incomes understandably make voters discontented . 
  but globalisation is not the culprit and exiting the european single market or abandoning the two main trade agreements negotiated by the obama administration is no route to prosperity . 
  this is n't the first time that globalisation has fallen into disfavour . 
  in periods of economic stress , bad policies gain superficial plausibility . 
  economic nationalism , in the form of tariff barriers , was not the cause of the great depression in the 1930s ( historians blame instead the policy of the gold standard ) but it had damaging effects . 
  world trade volumes contracted by more than 50 per cent in only three years after the stock market crash of 1929 . 
  one much more recent example of economic stress is the decline of the british steel industry . 
  a collapse in world prices has caused thousands of job losses and closures at sites in south wales and the north of england . 
  much of the reason for the price weakness , and hence big losses racked up in british steel , is a glut of supply from chinese manufacturers . 
  steel workers ' livelihoods are threatened , which is doubtless why the allied causes of brexit and ukip have proved popular in previous labour strongholds in south wales . 
  it 's tragically misguided to withdraw from foreign trade and investment flows , even so . 
  the political case for globalisation may be languishing but the economic case is strong . 
  world trade is not a zero-sum game , in which there are relative winners and relative losers . 
  almost all economists conclude that , when two countries trade , the real incomes of both are generally raised . 
  that 's because they can specialise in production ; even if one party is more efficient in absolute terms in all tradable sectors , it 's still beneficial to both countries to trade . 
  economic commentators have pointed apprehensively to britain 's wide current account deficit , amounting to nearly 7 per cent of gdp in the first quarter of 2016 . 
  that 's definitely a risk and a weakness , given that our external imbalance needs to be funded and britain 's future place in the international trading system is unknowable at present . 
  but it 's not at all the case that our external deficit shows that we 're uncompetitive or that we 're losing good-quality manufacturing jobs and replacing them with poorly paid service jobs . 
  britain has economic weaknesses but the idea that our industrial base is being hollowed out by unfair international competition is n't true . 
  it would be more accurate to say that advanced industrial economies such as the us and the uk have seen job losses in some import-sensitive manufacturing sectors but job gains in higher-paid , higher-value sectors . 
  it 's hard to see this at a disaggregated level , though . 
  a sector that has shrunk substantially in a generation is textiles ( my home city of leicester was once a world leader in it ) . 
  production has certainly shifted to other markets . 
  one study of the us textile and apparel sector concludes that it lost nearly one million jobs between 1990 and 2014 . 
  the loss of these jobs , partly through technology and partly through trade , has been more than made up for in other sectors but laid-off textile workers are unlikely to find work in them . 
  they wo n't have the necessary skills to work in , say , aerospace . 
  that will be a problem for steelworkers too . 
  joseph stiglitz , the nobel laureate , summarises the issue neatly : `` economic theory does not say that everyone will win from globalisation , but only that the net gains will be positive , and that the winners can therefore compensate the losers and still come out ahead . '' it 's the compensation that 's hard to agree on . 
  helping workers who are displaced is bedevilled by the problem of accurately measuring the effects of trade as opposed to , say , technological change or a permanent loss of industrial competitiveness . 
  but the problem is pressing . 
  minimum-wage legislation , a strong social safety net and government investment in reskilling are all needed . 
  otherwise voters will turn -- as some already have done -- to snake-oil remedies that threaten their living standards even more . 
  oliver kamm is a times leader writer and columnist . 
  why were they issuing usd denominated bonds ? 
  surprised at that . 
  did n't work out too well for the latam countries in the 80 's, 
  we voted to leave the eu . 
  nothing re . 
  actually , some of the leave campaigners wanted to be like switzerland or norway - e.g. 
  dan hannan and the brexit movie . 
  not raw materials - but the components/materials needed for high value manufacturing ( e.g. 
  aerospace ) - which the uk does do well in . 
  even by their own exacting standards , germans are experiencing a lot of angst this summer . 
  they are still jittery after aseries of terrorist attacks in july , including two by muslim refugees . 
  they are also newly nervous about the 3m german citizens and residents of turkish descent , many of whom have staged demonstrations since last month 's coup attempt in turkey in support of its president , recep tayyip erdogan . 
  most germans are wary of mr erdogan , who has been cracking down on opponents real and imagined at home and has requested the extradition of several suspects from germany ( see article ) . 
  between the attacks and the demonstrations , many germans feel civilisations are clashing on their own streets . 
  in response to the anxiety , politicians have come out with a burst of proposals claiming to get tough on terrorists , tough on security , tough on integrating refugees -- in short , tough on the whole confused range of identity-politics issues that are making germans nervous . 
  on august 18th the eight interior ministers of german federal states who belong to the christian democratic union , the centre-right party of chancellor angela merkel , met in berlin to issue a declaration summing up the proposals . 
  some of these , such as adding more police , are uncontroversial . 
  others that are politically explosive include restricting dual citizenship and banning the public wearing of burqas ( veils covering both body and face ) . 
  germany has already tightened asylum rules in the past year -- making it easier , for example , to deport refugees who commit crimes . 
  on august 11th thomas de maizi\u00e8re , the federal interior minister , offered his own ideas to get even tougher . 
  these range from increasing video surveillance to easing confidentiality requirements between doctors and patients , so that psychiatrists , say , can tell on people they deem dangerous ( though doctors are already obliged to report such cases ) . 
  a few worry that the new measures represent panic , not sound policy . 
  even mr de maizi\u00e8re , a christian democrat himself , rejects some of his party colleagues ' more extreme ideas . 
  he sees the burqa as a symbol of failed integration and the subordination of women , he says , but `` you ca n't prohibit everything you reject '' . 
  centre-left politicians , meanwhile , worry that the debate is veering off course . 
  it was a government of social democrats and greens that in 2000 liberalised citizenship laws , mainly so that the children of turkish guest-workers no longer had to choose between their native and inherited nationalities . 
  the premise was that they could then integrate better into society . 
  ( at the latest count , in 2011 , 4.3 m germans had another citizenship , 530,000 of them turkish . ),
