  across britain , europe and the us , there is a popular uprising against the entire governing and intellectual class . 
  people blame this elite for having left them stranded economically and having damaged their children 's life chances . 
  they view it as a kind of globalised political and financial cartel acting in accordance with a set of ideas that go against the interests of the people and the country . 
  it is resented for riding roughshod over the public 's desire to live in an independent nation with whose culture they identify and which they feel they share . 
  if americans want the predictable status quo , they 'll vote for hillary conservatively-minded americans feel abandoned by a republican party that seems to have junked conservative instincts and values . 
  it seems indifferent to the precarious job market , low incomes and family breakdown . 
  it joins the democrats in smearing concerns about high levels of immigration as racist . 
  it is hawkish for wars which seem to have more to do with reshaping the political landscape in unwilling lands than defending america . 
  just as in britain and europe , these attitudes are rooted in an attack on the very idea of the western nation itself . 
  a nation is formed from cultural attributes : history , language , religion , law , institutions . 
  western elites , however , have decided that their own national attributes are exclusive and imperialist , leading to nationalism and xenophobia . 
  legitimacy is deemed to rest instead in transnational institutions . 
  multiculturalism thus became sacrosanct . 
  immigration could n't be opposed . 
  putting the nation 's interests first became seen as an act of global selfishness . 
  in america , the downside of trump is obvious . 
  he is a crude populist demagogue . 
  he changes his position with bewildering frequency . 
  not only is he ignorant but he shows scant interest in educating himself . 
  despite all this , many americans believe his heart beats with theirs . 
  they do n't care that he does n't know about stuff . 
  they think he is principally a deal-maker and that he will make deals in america 's interests . 
  even his admiration for president putin does n't worry them . 
  general mike flynn , former director of the defense intelligence agency and a trump adviser , says : `` he respects people who are selfish about their country . '' this makes people think that trump will similarly champion his own country against its enemies . 
  they do n't believe hillary will see off america 's enemies . 
  they saw how she tried to evade the scandal of a murdered us diplomat in benghazi . 
  they think she and her husband constitute a vast money-making machine . 
  they think she has managed to suborn the constitution through dodging prosecution over her dodgy emails . 
  disillusioned by obama , they fear she will just be more of the same . 
  trump v hillary is , at root , the same as brexit v remain . 
  remainers swallowed their dislike of the eu because they did n't think britain could overturn the status quo and survive . 
  those who voted brexit did so because the continued loss of national self-government was so intolerable it made the risks of leaving the eu worth taking . 
  the choice facing americans is between , on the one hand , the known quantity of an experienced and savvy operator within an established cartel of political and financial interests and , on the other , an erratic governmental neophyte who stands for busting that cartel to put america first and make it again a power to be feared in an increasingly menacing world . 
  if americans value predictability and the status quo over everything , they 'll vote hillary , just as remainers did in britain . 
  if they decide that despite trump 's likely white-knuckle ride it 's overwhelmingly important to break a political order they see as corrupt and dysfunctional , they 'll vote for him in an echo of our brexiteers . 
  brexit was the moment when the western nation gathered its courage and started to fight back . 
  that 's why they 're so gripped in america by what their cousins have just done across the pond . 
  liam fox is bullish about britain 's future outside the european union . 
  since being appointed international trade secretary he has been , in his words , `` scoping about a dozen free-trade deals outside the eu to be ready for when we leave '' . 
  it 's not just the cynic in me that doubts his prospects for success . 
  he is going about his job in the wrong way . 
  if dr fox seriously wants to enhance britain 's position as an open trading economy , he needs to recognise how weak is the hand he 's playing with . 
  he must be brusque with cabinet colleagues who imagine that britain starts from a position of negotiating strength and must be obsequious with our present eu partners , who know perfectly well that it does n't . 
  dr fox says he wants britain to be `` a beacon for open trade '' and that is a noble aim . 
  open trade has big benefits . 
  where two countries buy and sell goods and services freely with each other , this generally raises the real incomes of both parties by allowing them to specialise . 
  trade protection , by quotas or tariffs or subsidies , tends to divert scarce resources , capital and labour to less efficient industries . 
  it 's admittedly not such a damaging policy in deflationary conditions such as those afflicting the advanced industrial economies now . 
  by putting upward pressure on prices , import controls might actually help to get companies investing and consumers spending . 
  but there are much better ways of accomplishing the same goal , such as easing fiscal policy . 
  the problem with dr fox 's strategy is this . 
  we are no longer in a world of multilateral trade liberalisation . 
  this was the policy of western governments in the postwar era and it was a success . 
  average tariffs were slashed during successive multilateral trade rounds conducted under the auspices of the general agreement on tariffs and trade and its successor the world trade organisation . 
  but then progress stalled . 
  since the mid-1990s , multilateral trade agreements have been out of fashion . 
  the trend has been instead for bilateral and regional trade agreements . 
  according to the wto , there were 124 such agreements signed from 1948 to 1994 , and then more than 400 in the next 20 years . 
  knowing this trend , dr fox has been looking around for parties to sign agreements with once britain is able to sign them . 
  the countries in the frame include australia and canada . 
  and this is just not the way you do things . 
  not at all . 
  why not ? 
  because bilateral agreements are not the same as open trade . 
  they are often referred to as preferential trade agreements because they discriminate between those countries that are inside and those that are outside ( the eu single market is an example , as it maintains a common external tariff against non-members ) . 
  a bilateral agreement , say between australia and britain , gives preference to the signatory countries ' goods and services in each other 's markets . 
  that does n't act merely to boost trade . 
  it also diverts trade flows . 
  it may increase commerce between , in this case , britain and australia but divert trade away from other markets . 
  it makes no sense for britain to sign preferential trade agreements with other countries just because it can . 
  the case for open trade is that it boosts efficiency and thereby raises living standards . 
  dr fox wo n't be pursuing that . 
  instead , he 'll be chasing what is possible for post-brexit britain . 
  trade will be stimulated for political reasons , not economic ones . 
  at the moment , britain has access to a huge single market close to its borders . 
  under dr fox 's schemes , it will trade with preferred partners enjoying preferential tax treatment . 
  he should stop this quixotic quest before it starts and do his utmost to keep britain in the single market . 
  that 's where britain 's trading future lies . 
  whitehall is trying to lure the city 's top talent to its brexit team to build a 300-strong army of trade experts by the end of the year . 
  in an admission of the government 's yawning skills gap , officials have turned to law firms and consultancies such as linklaters and mckinsey for talent to handle the complex task of leaving the eu and inking new deals . 
  ministers are also believed to be preparing a battery of measures to persuade business leaders not to scrap investment and to take advantage of sterling 's slump . 
  last week they descended en masse on farnborough air show to meet industry bosses . 
  the government is expected to promise a bonfire of red tape to lure new overseas investors and boost flagging economic growth . 
  ministers are also expected to offer more support for exporters , helped by government-to-government talks . 
  former waitrose boss mark price , who was yesterday reappointed trade minister , met executives from aerospace giants including airbus and gkn . 
  he is understood to have floated the idea of scrapping the apprenticeship levy . 
  however , a whitehall source last night insisted no decision has been made and the # 3bn-a-year tax is still scheduled to be introduced next april . 
  theresa may , the prime minister , is under pressure to sign off a series of blockbuster investments to shore up the economy after dropping former chancellor george osborne 's deficit-reduction targets . 
  tomorrow 's commons vote on renewing the trident nuclear deterrent is expected to commit britain to a # 31bn defence programme to build four nuclear-armed submarines , sustaining an estimated 35,000 jobs at its peak . 
  philip hammond , the chancellor , last week confirmed whitehall 's commitment to the # 18bn hinkley point c nuclear plant in somerset -- despite mounting concerns that it will saddle consumers with substantially higher energy bills . 
  he will visit china this week for a g20 meeting , where he is expected to sign urban regeneration deals worth # 200m , according to sky news . 
  ministers have also been urged to visit japan amid fears brexit could threaten plans for hitachi and toshiba to build nuclear reactors in north wales and cumbria . 
  amber rudd had been due in tokyo this month but has since been promoted from energy to home secretary . 
  the newly created department for exiting the european union has brought in two senior partners from law firm linklaters on secondment , with senior staff from management consultant mckinsey . 
  two of the big four accountancy firms , pwc and kpmg , have been contacted about staffing the new department . 
  liam fox , the international trade secretary , has already contacted a number of countries as a prelude to trade talks later this year . 
  the government aims to invoke the article 50 clause by the end of the year , triggering the formal process of withdrawing from the eu . 
  fox hopes to have trade deals in place with a dozen countries , to be signed as soon as britain quits the economic bloc . 
  britain lacks trade experts because trade talks have previously been conducted by eu officials . 
  a senior officer at the business department , gareth davies , last week told executives at farnborough that he plans to swell whitehall 's ranks of experts from 50 to about 300 by the end of the year , and is hunting overseas as well as trawling british law firms and consultancies .
