  `` as a result some publishers are creating more content that hit these buttons or even ramping these up . '' mr kassam dismisses the suggestion breitbart is just political click bait : `` my job is curation -- to choose stories that are important . 
  i do not get paid depending on the number of clicks i get . '' as a private company , breitbart refuses to release any revenue figures . 
  the uk operation is registered in the british virgin islands and lists only one director , larry solov , breitbart 's chief executive and president . 
  a person familiar with the financing of the business said much of the funding for the site comes from robert mercer , a wealthy conservative donor in the us . 
  the person added that all of breitbart 's revenues come from a mix of advertising revenue streams -- native advertising , display adverts , partnerships and video . 
  there is also a partnership with satellite radio station sirius xm and plans to sell breitbart merchandise . 
  breitbart has grown so far by tying itself closely to the global upsurge in popular nationalism that is reshaping western politics . 
  its bet now is that the same forces can help it transform the global media establishment . 
  yeah i was thinking what the labour heartlands think of this . 
  the yank was taking the piss btw - farage said the guy preceding tusk had the charisma of a `` damp rag '', 
  i am so glad about this . 
  points based systems are clunky and they probably would n't even make the leave side happy , if australia is anything to go by despite many of them referring to it . 
  we have taken back the country , now for the countryside !, 
  they can keep repeating all these tautologies but just by repeating them it does not clarify much , nor does it make it suddenly happen . 
  `` eu by back door '' means different things to different people . 
  just like brexit means brexit . 
  i 'd be hesitant to read too much into either . 
   the german proposal , designed to stop german taxpayers depositing their savings in luxembourg bank accounts to avoid paying tax in germany . 
  the specific one mentioned seems to be a german issue spilling over into the eu . 
  i 'm not so sure , he does n't seem to be playing victim - rather he just seems to be giving an example of where juncker put europe 's interests above luxembourg and thinking how hard that would be to do if it were him . 
  the problem was a german one . 
  secondly , this is ed balls writing - not the times - it 's an extract from his book . 
  the times are fairly balanced on most things in truth . 
  and tbf - this is just an extract from ed balls ' upcoming memoirs . 
  it 's the shit rags like the star , the express and the dm , the sun who like getting worked up into frenzies . 
  i 'd be hesitant to even call them ` newspapers ', 
  probably aldi . 
  the rest are n't doing too well in terms of profitability . 
   supermarkets are struggling yet they 're ** seeing record profits ** source ? 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-economy-idukkcn0yh0qw it was probably high in 2015 - end of 16 till the few months beforehand where it may have started dipping down . 
  but , by then the gains in 2015 may have been enough to be on track for the record . 
  investors may have thought something along the lines of `` hold on let 's wait and see '' as it loomed . 
  i had sensed this parting of the ways coming sixteen years previously in an encounter at a european summit -- not with some obscure brussels minion but with the man who would go on to become the president of the european commission by the time britain finally voted to leave . 
  i first met jean-claude juncker -- the man the uk tabloids dubbed `` the most dangerous man in europe '' -- back when he was the humble finance minister of luxembourg , although , given their constitution , it also made him that country 's less than humble prime minister . 
  we were in a small meeting room in portugal in the summer of 2000 , as the battle over germany 's proposal to introduce an eu-wide savings tax was reaching its climax . 
  in attendance were gordon , jean-claude , the german finance minister hans eichel , as well as myself and a few other key aides . 
  for at least the previous five years , an argument had raged among europe 's finance ministers over the german proposal , designed to stop german taxpayers depositing their savings in luxembourg bank accounts to avoid paying tax in germany . 
  so germany had a problem . 
  it wanted an eu-wide solution . 
  the `` solution '' it came up with was not actually going to solve the problem . 
  but it would allow germany to claim `` victory '' , and for them that 's ultimately what mattered . 
  if that does n't sum up how dysfunctional european decision making could sometimes be , i do n't know what does . 
  but when we arrived at the treasury in 1997 , the uk financial services community made it clear they were deeply opposed to an eu-wide withholding tax . 
  what we developed instead was an alternative plan for a free flow of information among member states . 
  luxembourg could tell germany about german citizens saving in luxembourg , and then the german tax authorities could decide what taxes they wanted to levy on those individuals . 
  every country could make their own decisions , without the need for a europe-wide tax . 
  by the time we got to the summit in june 2000 , we had pretty much everyone on our side , with the exception of luxembourg . 
  for luxembourg , the tax advantage it offered savers was not only one of its only industries , but one of its only attractions , so its tourist trade relied on it too . 
  so in that small anteroom , with all the other european finance ministers waiting outside in the large open - plan meeting room , brown and eichel tried to put the screws on juncker . 
  `` jean-claude , '' the german said , `` there is a consensus around the table that we should move forward not on our savings tax proposal , but on gordon 's exchange of information . '' juncker said : `` but , hans , this would be a terrible outcome for luxembourg , it would be hugely damaging to our economy . 
  it 's not something that i can accept . '' then eichel looked him in the eye and said : `` jean-claude , there is a consensus here , but we need your support for it to be agreed . 
  you must do it for europe . '' juncker paused for a moment , held eichel 's gaze and said : `` hans , you 're right , this is very difficult for our country , but we will do this for the good of europe . '' he then walked out the door , marched straight to the waiting international press , and issued a statement that luxembourg would support the exchange of information proposal . 
  it was a victory for germany who solved its tax problem . 
  and it was a big defeat for luxembourg , only delivered because its prime minister had put europe 's interests before his own country 's . 
  as i sat in the room watching that extraordinary episode unfold , i thought : `` no british prime minister or finance minister could ever do that . 
  and if they did , they would n't be in the job a week later . 
  they would n't even bother getting the plane home . '', 
  in fairness , mid office and back office roles have been moving to `` low cost centres '' ( or whatever ) e.g. 
  birmingham/bournemouth/manchester in the uk whilst other pieces have been moving abroad . 
  if i recall , ubs has a decent presence in poland . 
  poland has become the latest european country to woo some of britain 's biggest banks in the wake of the brexit vote with a charm offensive in london this week to lure city institutions to warsaw . 
  the polish deputy prime minister will arrive on thursday armed with a package of incentives to offer senior executives at some of the biggest banks in the city that have shown an interest in shifting jobs to the continent . 
  `` many of them have approached us , '' mateusz morawiecki said . 
  `` there is clearly increased interest in leaving london . '' he said talks had already begun with financial institutions in london about moving middle-office and back-office operations to poland . 
  mr morawiecki , a former santander banker , has scheduled meetings with senior executives at royal bank of scotland , ubs , barclays , bnp paribas , citibank , credit suisse and others during the visit , according to documents seen by the financial times . 
  meetings have also been set up with executives from investment fund managers at schroders , pimco and blackrock . 
  however , poland will have a hard job matching the credentials of rival eu countries as an attractive city for london bankers to move to . 
  since britain 's vote to leave the eu , countries such as paris , frankfurt , amsterdam and dublin have also been gearing up to woo london 's banking business . 
  they have argued that financial services groups need to think about a new base if the uk is to be stripped of the `` passporting '' rules that allow them to operate across borders without licences . 
  many of them have approached us . 
  there is clearly increased interest in leaving london mateusz morawiecki , polish deputy prime minister frankfurt has recently stepped up efforts to win over london business . 
  but despite local politicians visiting london to plead the german city 's case two weeks ago , bankers have urged germany 's top politicians to do more . 
  frankfurt 's mayor is due to visit the city next month . 
  france has made the most concerted effort to woo banks from london to paris with promises to `` roll out the red carpet '' while the paris europlace lobby group declared this was `` the moment '' for paris . 
  shortly after the brexit vote french prime minister manuel valls announced tax breaks for expatriates and told a room full of foreign bankers `` welcome to paris ! '' british prime minister theresa may has summoned ministers to an `` away day '' on wednesday at her country retreat where they will discuss the next steps in the process of britain leaving the eu . 
  the main tension between ministers is over how to retain access to the single market , particularly for financial services , without the eu reimposing the condition of free movement of labour on britain . 
  the city of london has been lobbying for a `` bespoke deal '' to allow different financial sectors to trade with europe , loosely modelled on switzerland 's arrangement . 
  ` continental partnership ' would see uk budget payments but control of immigration poland is offering banks and funds financial incentives to relocate there such as grants for training new employees , mr morawiecki said , as well as tailoring university degree programmes to the it and finance skills required by foreign banks . 
  more than 200,000 people are already employed in poland working in offshore operation centres , 50,000 of those for international banks , leveraging the country 's comparatively low wages , high level of university education and eu market access . 
  ubs employs 3,000 in the southern polish city of krakow , credit suisse employs 4,000 in the western city of wroclaw , citi 's warsaw operations employ 5,000 and 2,000 more work for royal bank of scotland . 
  mr morawiecki will also meet british chancellor philip hammond and international trade secretary liam fox during his visit to london . 
  additional reporting by james shotter in frankfurt , michael stothard in paris and jim pickard in london, 
  the revolving door extends more widely than the eu . 
  it is a fine line , not being so kind to the uk as to disincentivise other referendums/demands etc. 
  whilst not being so damaging it damages an already fragile ez/eu, 
   i have relatives in london and i know the language quite well . 
  cons are sky-high prices and the fact that while it is easier to immigrate to as an outsider , it 's also less connected to english culture , so you 'd preferably want to live a bit outside the city center . 
  live somewhere further out on the met line or the shires - some trains are like 20 mins into london . 
  well , atletico support seems excellent so it would be quite strange . 
  also , did n't the monaco owner stop ploughing as much money in ? 
  bummer . 
  that is a shame . 
  i guess my perception of it being reasonably full comes from the arsenal game : http://i.imgur.com/pxkvzwm.jpg, 
  oh yeah how the fuck did i forget dublin - that would be my second choice . 
  just read the sunday times article re . 
  bats - i guess it is n't a surprise given their situation . 
  maybe i will get to retire in monaco far down the line http://footballtripper.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/stade-louis-ii-guide.jpg as a football fan , this looks amazing . 
  marathon , a $ 13bn us hedge fund , is building a big brexit trade , increasing its investments in property across ireland , france , germany and the netherlands , in a bet that they will be among the big beneficiaries from companies leaving london in the next few years . 
  these countries `` have the most stable outlook and [ are the ] most likely to benefit from brexit , '' said bruce richards , co-founder and chief executive of the distressed debt and property specialist . 
  hedge funds were reluctant to put on trades ahead of britain 's referendum on eu membership in late june given the closeness of the polls .
