  there are now backstops in place but they will not stop member states drifting further apart . 
  the solution is at the very least a central authority in charge of banking and finance , a small budget and some joint debt instruments . 
  if politics does not allow this , you have to accept the adage that if something is not sustainable it will come to an end . 
  sustainability is what this is all about . 
  this is the main lesson from the brexit vote . 
  britain will leave the eu not because david cameron , the former prime minister , made a tactical error . 
  he did , of course . 
  but uk membership is ending because it was unsustainable . 
  the eu has always been a project of political integration . 
  the remain campaign was premised on the notion that this was not so . 
  for the eu you can define a sustainable solution as the opposite of a pragmatic one . 
  sustainable solutions are task-oriented ; pragmatic ones are often short-sighted . 
  the german refusal in 2008 to recapitalise the european banking system seemed pragmatic at the time . 
  chancellor angela merkel goaded the other leaders into the decision that every country rescues its own banking system . 
  eight years later , the italian banking system is still insolvent and awaiting an urgent recapitalisation . 
  we are still debating what toxic assets may be hidden in the balance sheet of deutsche bank . 
  ms merkel 's decision was the start of the eurozone crisis . 
  or take the equally pragmatic decision in 2010 not to allow a writedown of greek sovereign debt because german and french banks would otherwise have incurred unpleasant losses . 
  the halfhearted programmes for greece led to another crisis in 2012 and again in 2015 . 
  the latest news from greece is that the recession is accelerating again . 
  related article eurozone economy shows resilience despite brexit pmi figures show only slight slowdown in pace of recovery britain 's opt-outs are perhaps the most fateful example of misguided pragmatism . 
  the opt-out from the single currency and the schengen passport-free travel zone sounded sensible when agreed ; they allowed a conservative government to overcome its internal divisions for a short period . 
  but they did not fix the underlying problem of a country deeply divided over its engagement in europe . 
  britain 's opt-outs led to a progressive alienation between britain and the rest of the bloc . 
  so what non-pragmatic policies should eu leaders adopt ? 
  i would not categorise them in terms of the old `` federalism versus intergovernmentalism '' debates , but rather in terms of what is needed to make particular policy areas work . 
  the monetary union is the most important part of the eu , especially now the uk is leaving . 
  the eurozone will require a higher degree of political and market integration . 
  the eurozone , not the eu , is the only geographical unit for which a single market makes sense , especially in financial services . 
  the eurozone also requires further market integration , most importantly in labour . 
  it needs free movement as a macroeconomic stabiliser -- with people moving from countries with high unemployment to those with a shortage of labour ; eu countries not in the eurozone can happily live with less integration . 
  brexit countdown : divorce and beyondplay video the sustainable solution thus consists of a more integrated eurozone and a less integrated eu . 
  the latter needs a customs union , a limited single market for manufactured goods and some services , and other common policies . 
  there could be flexibility to accommodate the different needs of countries . 
  it may even allow britain to reconnect to the eu without becoming a `` core '' member . 
  i would not expect serious discussions on any of this before next year 's national elections in germany , france and the netherlands . 
  none of the above can be agreed in time to stop brexit . 
  but the importance of these talks can not be overstated . 
  they will decide whether brexit is the beginning of the end , or of a new era of european integration . 
  do n't like it either tbh - personally i 'd rather just keep things as they are - i.e. 
  free movement . 
  however , political reality beckons . 
  many leave voters are pissed off - this might be a way to placate their concerns whilst not damaging the uk and eu economies too much . 
  yet , still providing a deal that 's not too good that other countries try get it via referendums ( i.e. 
  free movement will go on one day ) . 
  thanks . 
  it started in 07 - that 's probably why i do n't recall it - too young . 
  i do n't think we used the control from poland - when blair was in power ( around 04 i think ) . 
  still , despite these costs the report found the emigration was on the whole beneficial . 
  source ? 
  i do n't recall this, 
  this came to mind actually . 
  a sort of delayed brake . 
  still , the other bits sound like eea . 
   the uk needs to preserve freedom of movement though . 
  i do n't see why this would be so unacceptable for the uk . 
  because : they turk muh jerb, 
  this sounds very much like an eea style deal . 
   any such agreement would , however , mean the uk would still have to pay a substantial contribution into the eu budget , although probably at a lower rate , and would lose its seat at the negotiating table when rules on the single market were determined , because it would not be a full member of the union . 
  single market , emergency brake , pay slightly less but no seat at the table . 
  eu is trying to phase out the messy swiss style deals . 
  seems it 's unlikely to be an option now . 
  i thought he was a real working class hero like nige !, 
   i even saw some guy here on reddit writing that the eu should have the swiss negotiate on its behalf , it has literally reached that level of retardation . 
  the fuck ? 
  where was this ? 
  it 's similar to the trump voters in virginia who want coal to come back . 
  it should be in other discussions . 
  one of the uk subs i did reply to it as well if that helps, 
  yeah , as someone in another thread pointed out , they 're basically the mouthpiece for his business interests at this point . 
  he 's not being fair/rational . 
  rather , just unreasonably optimistic . 
  kind of like a football fan when they won a big game unexpectedly but realises the challenge ahead next season will be tough , yet is talking the right stuff to keep the supporters calm . 
  also , i do n't even get what he meant by `` deep markets '' - sounds like he just said buzzwords . 
  i think he had a good trust rating during the campaign . 
  so maybe ? 
  he has n't gone back/watered down a promise a la farage , hannan etc. 
  also , it sort of placates the leave voters . 
  they ca n't say they did n't have any representation within the cabinet etc. 
  ** 2/2 ** both women voted proudly for brexit . 
  ms kearford spent referendum day telling `` everyone i saw , at least 50 family and friends , to make sure they got themselves down to that polling station to vote out '' . 
  perceived injustice breeds resentment and tension . 
  locals spoke of foreigners `` breeding like rabbits '' , living 30 to a house , `` walking around with no respect for others '' . 
  a 19-year-old man who voted leave gave a two-word explanation : `` the polish . '' one polish woman , 23 , said she could `` feel the hostility of english people whenever i pick up my son '' from his primary school . 
  four of the 42 children in his class are poles . 
  the young woman , too scared to give her name , lives in grimethorpe with her british boyfriend . 
  they have bought a house in the village . 
  her mother and sister live ten miles away in wakefield . 
  `` everyone thinks polish people come here to take their jobs , or that we 're all on benefits , but we work really hard for everything . 
  we pay tax here and spend money here , but now we 're all worried that we 're going to be sent back . 
  i earn the same here in one week , # 200 - # 300 , as i could earn in a month in poland . '' at the working men 's club , a five-minute downhill stroll from the chippy , the wake for a former num official was in full swing . 
  johnny wood , 58 , a former miner who is now a postman , said that displays of xenophobia were a regrettable consequence of `` the undermining of local communities '' . 
  `` when the pit closed , i saw grown men crying . 
  they did n't know where to turn or what to do . 
  when i come into the village today and see all those [ industrial ] units , i get a bit angry . 
  they 're bringing in people from other countries and actually going to those countries to recruit . 
  they know full well they 'll work for next to nothing . '' noting that the eastern european arrivals were as white as their grimethorpe-born neighbours , mr wood suggested that if the british locals were black `` you 'd all be holding up the race card and saying we were victims of discrimination , and rightly so '' . 
  until the last moment , he had intended to vote remain `` to protect union rights '' but finally decided that `` we 've got to vote out to control ' us own country '' . 
  of those he spoke to on his postal round during the referendum campaign , `` out of 70 or 80 there were only two people who said they were voting for remain '' . 
  anti-eu hostility was not confined to grimethorpe .
