  there will be a lot of initiatives that will go through . 
  but the political momentum might die down . '' sean tuffy , head of regulatory intelligence at brown brothers harriman , the us bank , said that with the uk sidelined on the cmu , countries with large fund industry operations , including ireland and luxembourg , have lost an important ally . 
  `` this could lead to less fund industry-friendly rules . 
  it 's important the fund industry continues to be engaged in the cmu dialogue , '' he said . 
  asset managers had hoped the cmu would allow them to play a bigger role in financing the european economy . 
  european companies traditionally receive about 80 per cent of their external funding from bank loans , but in the us , the majority get their financing from securities markets . 
  with banks retreating from lending to small companies in particular , opening up financing to non-banks , such as asset managers , was seen as a key way to drive growth in europe . 
  mr hughes said the uk pushed this approach and was seen as the main beneficiary of cmu because it has europe 's most developed capital markets . 
  in contrast , in countries such as germany and france , banks have not stepped back from lending to the same extent , leaving many in these nations questioning the need for deeper capital markets . 
  `` the stock position from some member states and meps is , yes , it is important to strengthen the capital markets but the banking system is also important and it is important to make sure it is supported as well , '' said mr hughes . 
  frank dornseifer , managing director of bvai , the german body for alternative fund managers , added : `` if you talk to people in germany , they ask : ` why do you need stronger market-based financing ? 
  there are banks to do that . ' `` the approach and momentum [ behind the cmu ] was to a large extent coming from the uk . 
  if this is stopped , who will bring the momentum ? '' raoul ruparel , co-director of open europe , a think-thank , said new plans for the cmu are likely to shift away from breaking down practical barriers that prevent capital markets from functioning efficiently to deepening eurozone financial integration . 
   unsure that a simple `` in or out '' referendum was the correct way to do this . 
  it was silly . 
  there 's too many options for either side but referendum allows for little granularity . 
  i think / u/ewannnn wrote a summary of that meeting btw . 
  see , sovereignty being pooled with the uk is acceptable to them ( less than 10 % want independence ) . 
  but hey , maybe they think the 23rd really was their ` independence ' day . 
  yeah they voted for a subsidy cut for their sovereignty and potentially less immigration . 
  they ca n't have their fucking cake and eat it, 
  outrageous yet , unsurprising, 
  a frequent sneer at the metropolitan uk elite -- heard during and since the eu referendum campaign -- is that they only interact with immigrants when giving instructions to the cleaner or ordering a crayfish and rocket sandwich at pret a manger . 
  what nonsense . 
  while it is true that many recent immigrants have gone into lower-skilled occupations such as food preparation and cleaning , incomers play a huge role in high-skill sectors and have for years . 
  look at the website of any uk-based technology start-up , management consultancy or university faculty and run down the list of nationalities : french , italian , spanish , dutch , greek , not to mention american , australian , indian and singaporean . 
  walk into any national health service hospital . 
  there are immigrant porters and cleaners -- but also doctors , nurses , physiotherapists and radiographers . 
  when i , a south african immigrant , arrived in the uk in 1984 , british friends told me i was crazy . 
  there were 3m people unemployed . 
  the miners were on strike . 
  the whole country was miserable . 
  i would never find a job . 
  it took a while , but i did find a job , writing for oil and coal trade journals . 
  london was a shabby place then but something was stirring . 
  britain was setting its entrepreneurial spirit free , opening itself to the world , and the world started flooding in . 
  what happened next was not great for everyone . 
  some of the mining towns i reported on during that strike struggled to recover . 
  but many other places boomed . 
  glasgow , manchester and leeds spruced themselves up . 
  cambridge became a leading technology centre . 
  and london , shabby old london , became the greatest city on earth , with galleries , start-ups , restaurants , law firms , theatres and banks that the whole world came either to ogle at or work in . 
  there were foreigners everywhere . 
  they challenged the locals , worked for them , employed them and became their colleagues . 
  the french talk about les trente glorieuses -- the 30 years after the second world war during which france thrived and grew . 
  has there ever been a more thrilling time to live in the uk than in the 30 years from the mid-1980s until now ? 
  many did not see it that way , as the eu referendum showed . 
  they did not like what had happened to their country , and they especially did not like all those immigrants . 
  taking in large numbers has put some strain on everyone else . 
  as ever , the poor have fewer resources to cope with that than the rich . 
  some immigrants abused the system . 
  all communities have their miscreant minorities -- even the long-settled british , several of whom have been scribbling abuse on immigrants ' property and telling them to go home . 
  but , like everyone else , most immigrants work , pay their taxes and obey the law . 
  and while you , our fellow uk residents , decide what to do with us after brexit , let us remind you what we have done . 
  we have run your companies , cleaned your offices , wheeled you into surgery , performed the surgery , sung lullabies to your children , taught physics to your children , designed your buildings , built your buildings , cooked your food , waited on your tables , stormed to olympic medals , won nobel prizes , designed your websites , picked your fruit and wiped your ageing parents ' bottoms . 
  many of those jobs you can do yourselves . 
  some you may not want to . 
  following the leave vote , theresa may , now prime minister , promised to bring immigrant arrivals down to `` sustainable '' levels . 
  she said that she could not guarantee the rights of eu citizens in the uk until negotiating reciprocal arrangements with their countries . 
  even hardened leave campaigners have been appalled by her apparent intention to use eu citizens as bargaining chips . 
  but there is great support in the conservative party for an `` australian-style '' points system that will allow britain to control its borders and decide who comes in . 
  there is already a points system for non-eu migrants , and mrs may , as home secretary , did not manage to bring their numbers down . 
  modern societies , especially ageing ones such as the uk , demand a flow of younger people to service them . 
  whatever your , and mrs may 's , views on immigrants , you will probably need more of us than you think . 
  believe it or not farage and juncker are apparently friends . 
  they actually goof around a lot like buddies . 
  it 's odd . 
  people voting for a potential cost to themselves for what they perceive to be an increase in control/freedom etc. 
  thanks for that article . 
  13 years old . 
  still holds true imo . 
  interesting, 
  i pasted it https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4s77ub/an_eeaminus_deal_for_the_uk_is_wishful_thinking/d5714yi, 
  how does nato rule over europe ? 
  i 'm pretty sure being part of nato is a voluntary agreement chosen by democratic and sovereign governments . 
  secondly , why should the general populace decide questions of national and arguably global security . 
  it does not make sense . 
  personally , i 'd still want a referendum if it 's something like voting reform . 
  because a change like that obviously has to be put to the voters . 
  i 'm struggling to see many other areas where they 'd be ok . was thinking social issues but i 'd still prefer those to be done in parliament . 
  god , please no more referendums . 
  that 's true . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/unternehmen/nach-dem-brexit-votum-deutsche-autoindustrie-warnt-die-briten-14313464.html this was the interview/article in question . 
  point being , even this interest group did not seem to be keen on giving a special deal . 
  well maybe . 
  a lot of people did vote for this go `` give the establishment a kicking '' it seems . 
  maybe some of the anger has been ventilated . 
  secondly , fptp makes the electoral viability of ukip much harder . 
   spot on . 
   `` hey , eastern europe . 
  we 'd like to expand our banking industry into your markets , without too many restrictions if possible . 
  but , please refrain from moving to our country . 
  we 're sure you 'll understand . 
  love , uk '' . 
   it 's moments like this where i 'm actually unconditionally glad there is such a thing as the eu : bargaining power . 
  quite a bit of it , actually . 
  all through the campaign it was stupid when leave said `` we 're the 5th biggest economy '' and `` germany will definitely want to sell their cars '' . 
  now , both claims may be true . 
  but , even the german car lobby seems to have prioritised keeping the eu together vs just merely selling their cars . 
  also , they kept implying germany is the eu .
