  whilst it 's probably the most important member they forgot about the other 26 states who have a say and their own interests . 
  i just found a paper on it which is actually readable . 
  here : https://www.ashurst.com/doc.aspx?id_content=12909 from p. 8 feeling i got was that it * could * be helpful . 
  but , it does n't seem like a magic bullet . 
    so a plausible outcome of brexit would be that uk-based firms lose their mifid passports and therefore can not deal with eu-based  clients ( at least in the short term , as it is unlikely the uk would receive a mifid equivalence assessment in time ) . 
  to continue to do  business , they would need to set up an eu subsidiary and transfer the eu business and staff to that eu location . 
  they would need to  start this process shortly after the referendum , and long before the outcome of the exit negotiations became clear . 
  key bit for me  i am sure the eu would offer britain an eea deal . 
  i think the uk should take it . 
  but there is a catch . 
  eea membership would respect only the letter of the referendum result , not the spirit . 
  it would not allow london to impose controls on immigration . 
  the idea behind eea-minus is for the uk to get the best of both worlds : keep undesirable eu aliens out -- and then offer them british financial services in their home country . 
  question is will the uk accept it ? 
  assuming theresa may is leader it 's more likely this will be accepted . 
  leadsom wants no single market . 
  he also puts it quite well , eea deal would respect the referendum question ( out of eu ) but not the spirit . 
  but then , is it up to the gov to try guess reasons for leaving ? 
  over the past three decades i have observed british negotiating tactics in europe fail and succeed . 
  one of the biggest failures was john major 's `` hard ecu '' , a scheme intended as a clever alternative to the euro . 
  if the former uk prime minister had only spoken to his german and french colleagues , he would not have made the proposal in the first place . 
  they wanted a single currency , not a common one . 
  today , i have a feeling of d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu when i hear british officials and commentators talk about `` eea-minus '' -- the hard ecu of our times . 
  this refers to the idea that britain will join the european economic area while simultaneously retaining some control over immigration . 
  the eea is an enlarged single market . 
  its non-eu members -- norway , iceland and liechtenstein -- have no say over the rules , but pay into the eu budget and accept free movement of labour . 
  i am sure the eu would offer britain an eea deal . 
  i think the uk should take it . 
  but there is a catch . 
  eea membership would respect only the letter of the referendum result , not the spirit . 
  it would not allow london to impose controls on immigration . 
  the idea behind eea-minus is for the uk to get the best of both worlds : keep undesirable eu aliens out -- and then offer them british financial services in their home country . 
  why should the eu offer britain a deal that would set incentives for other member states tempted to quit the bloc ? 
  while the exit agreement only requires a qualified majority vote , an eea-minus one would require unanimity . 
  the french and belgians have said non . 
  if the uk rejects an eea deal , it has only two further brexit options : a free-trade agreement or no deal at all . 
  there is a fundamental difference between a free-trade deal and membership of the single market . 
  access to the single market is an inalienable right for eu members ; an fta is an international agreement . 
  such an agreement can be constructed to produce a similar economic outcome as single market access . 
  sterling has devalued , and will devalue more if there is hard brexit a recent amendment to the eu 's financial services regulations makes it possible for third countries to access the bloc 's financial market if they have an equivalent regulatory regime . 
  this might preserve the city of london 's cherished rights for the passporting of financial services across the eu . 
  to assess the costs and benefits of the available options under an fta , we should ask two questions : what is the actual value of the single passport , and how much can be salvaged outside the single market ? 
  related article wall street analysts cut big banks ' profit forecasts expectations hit ahead of quarterly earnings season because of fears fed will hold off on rate rise my guess is that the uk will be unable to preserve all benefits , but more than people think . 
  many big financial services businesses are registered in more than one eu country . 
  they already have multiple passports . 
  with brexit , they have one less . 
  while the eu does not allow delaware-style `` letterbox '' companies to circumvent its domicile rules , there is leeway for uk companies to operate through eu subsidiaries . 
  no one could stop london trading in euro derivatives offshore . 
  there are reasons why the city has emerged as a global financial centre and why paris and frankfurt have not : know-how , language , education , tax regimes and , most important of all , professional networks . 
  so what about no deal at all , a hard brexit ? 
  british goods and services would become subject to tariffs but there would be compensating factors . 
  sterling has devalued , and will devalue more if there is hard brexit . 
  the uk 's proposed cut in the corporation tax rate would provide further compensation for companies . 
  since britain runs a very large current account deficit with the rest of the eu , expect others to suffer too . 
  the biggest problem brexit negotiators face is an expectation fuelled by the media in other eu member states that brexit may never happen . 
  i think it is a mistaken assumption . 
  if your counterparts think you are bluffing , they are not going to offer you a good deal . 
  i would go in to these negotiations with two clearly stated commitments : a self-imposed deadline and a steely determination to accept a hard brexit if a good deal is not on offer . 
  that 's kind of what we were/are though . 
  america 's voice inside europe/eu . 
  there are signs the us is tilting towards germany/france now though . 
  in some ways it is ( sadly ) kind of true . 
  wales , cornwall etc. 
  were all poor enough to get the same type of funding that parts of eastern europe did . 
  the thing with anti-globalisation is that globalisation seems unstoppable . 
  maybe they can try slow it . 
  ultimately , though there will have to be an embracing of it . 
  it 's not scandalous to hold a referendum but , it would be more responsible to let elected politicians ( via representative democracy ) to guide the destiny of a nation . 
  why ? 
  people do n't seem to answer the question on the ballot amongst various other things . 
  on the point of interests , maybe we ca n't see merkel on juncker being directly concerned about our interests . 
  but , there are cases where other nations interests may well have positive spillovers e.g. 
  if italy 's economic performance improves this may mean more exports from the uk . 
  similarly , there 's various common interests e.g. 
  stemming climate change or dealing with the refugee crisis . 
  his point re . 
  sovereignty is wrong , the uk 's referendum showed parliament was always sovereign . 
  it simply passed on powers to meet it 's objectives . 
  but , will probably no longer do so . 
  the protectionist policies - the alternative is probably more unemployment/jobs threatened in the eu . 
  i 'm sure voters would love more competition from africa . 
  i do agree the common currency has n't worked out . 
  for a mix of reasons . 
  the point re . 
  `` dumb working classes '' is a bit disingenuous . 
  various members of the ` working class ' for the party to continue . 
  it 's wrong to paint this as the ` middle class elite ' vs the ` working class ', 
  it is clear after the brexit vote and donald trump 's victory in the republican presidential primaries that voters are revolting against the relatively open economic policies that have been the norm in the us and britain since the second world war . 
  populist opposition to international integration is on the rise in much of continental europe and has always been the norm in latin america . 
  the question now is what should be the guiding principles of international economic policy ? 
  how should those of us -- who believe that the vastly better performance of the global system after the second world war than after the first world war is largely due to more enlightened economic policies -- make our case ? 
  the mainstream approach starts with a combination of rational argument and inflated rhetoric about the economic consequences of international integration . 
  studies are produced about the jobs created by trade agreements , the benefits of immigration and the costs of restrictions . 
  in most cases the overall economic merits are clear . 
  but there is a kind of gresham 's law of advocacy whereby bolder claims drive out more prudent ones . 
  over time this has caught up with the advocates of integration . 
  while there is a strong case that the us is better off than it would have been if the north american free trade agreement had been rejected , the most extravagant predicted benefits have not materialised . 
  and it is fair to say that claims that china 's accession to the world trade organisation would propel political liberalisation have not been borne out . 
  the willingness of people to be intimidated by experts into supporting cosmopolitan outcomes appears for the moment to have been exhausted . 
  the second plank of the mainstream approach is to push for stronger policies to resist inequality , cushion disruptions and support the poor and middle class , and then argue that if domestic policies are right , the pressure to resist globalisation will reduce .
