  with the volatility triggered by the vote long since vanished , hedge fund managers such as marathon , and private equity firms such as cvc , have been preparing for any opportunities created by the uk 's decision to leave . 
  marathon , which acquired a cluster of european real estate this year , including a portfolio of commercial properties in the netherlands from credit suisse , is planning to buy more in france , germany , the netherlands and ireland . 
  `` many bank service sector jobs will undoubtedly move to frankfurt and paris as eu rules will likely require bank employees to be domiciled within the eu when serving eu clients , '' mr richards said . 
  marathon believes london will remain the centre for finance in europe but predicts that many jobs will move elsewhere . 
  although uk economic data since the vote has been mixed , there are other signs that hedge fund investors still anticipate trouble for the economy . 
  bets among speculators on a decline in the pound touched a record last week , according to the commodity futures trading commission . 
  since the first quarter , marathon has acquired office buildings in amsterdam , multifamily residences in dublin , industrial warehouse properties or logistic centres in france and shopping centres in germany . 
  investors will be handed more up-to-date information on the uk economy this week , with a snapshot of the manufacturing sector in august and a survey of house prices for the same month both scheduled for release . 
  the uk will likely slide into a `` mild '' recession next year , according to marathon , so mark carney , bank of england governor , will probably continue on a path of easy monetary policy that the central bank began at the start of this month . 
  in the us , the credit cycle is unlikely to present opportunities for investors in distressed assets until 2018 , according to mr richards . 
  investors have been anticipating a rising tide of distress in credit and real estate markets . 
  marathon expects `` anaemic growth '' of 1 per cent in the coming year . 
  `` monetary policy has reached a point of diminishing returns , '' mr richards said , adding that `` lower rates are no longer simulative but rather oppressive . '' marathon , founded almost 20 years ago , in june sold a minority stake to blackstone group , as the world 's biggest alternative asset . 
  in 2011 , mr richards said europe presented `` the motherlode of distressed opportunities '' as the continent grappled with its sovereign debt crisis and growth sputtered . 
  additional reporting by robin wigglesworth, 
  france due to paris . 
  do not want to work in frankfurt . 
  savage, 
  sunday times said possibly end of 2017 . 
  why ? 
  what is ? 
  the growth rate ? 
  for comparison , the uk grew 0.6 % last quarter , the us was 1.1 % . 
  0.7 % - 0.8 % is reasonable . 
  comparing to china is rather questionable given that it 's at a different stage of development vs western countries . 
  even growth rates in ems has not been that great , only indian growth seems truly robust . 
  good article : http://www.economist.com/blogs/buttonwood/2014/11/secular-stagnation, 
  mer spending and exports have remained strong , but economists expect growth to slow in 2017 sunbathers crowd a barcelona beach on a recent day in august . 
  a record number of tourists visiting spain this year has helped to boost the country 's economic growth . 
  enlarge sunbathers crowd a barcelona beach on a recent day in august . 
  a record number of tourists visiting spain this year has helped to boost the country 's economic growth . 
  photo : european pressphoto agency by jeannette neumann aug. 25 , 2016 10:54 a.m. 
  et 15 comments madrid -- spain 's robust economic expansion is defying concerns that a political impasse , now in its ninth month with no end in sight , would tarnish one of europe 's economic bright spots . 
  but the pillars that have sustained spain 's recovery from recession are showing signs of strain , and economists expect growth to slow in 2017 -- in part because political uncertainty is putting a damper on some kinds of investment . 
  the spanish economy grew 0.8 % in the second quarter driven by consumer spending and exports , the country 's statistics agency said thursday . 
  the uptick is in line with first-quarter growth and better than the 0.7 % the agency had predicted in july . 
  the eurozone 's fourth-largest economy is on track to expand around 3 % this year , outpacing the international monetary fund 's projections for france , germany and the u.s. spain has been without a full-fledged government since december . 
  doubts about who will form the next one have persisted since the divided parliament elected that month failed to install a prime minister and was dissolved . 
  a new parliament , elected in june , is also deadlocked among four major parties , none close to a majority . 
  mariano rajoy , the conservative leader who was elected during the recession in 2011 and has overseen three years of recovery , remains in office as acting prime minister but with no power to propose legislation or spend on new projects . 
  parliament next week is expected to reject his bid for a second term , as head of a minority government , creating the possibility of yet another general election . 
  enlarge despite the uncertainty , spaniards are spending more this year than last , buoyed by growth in jobs and wages . 
  a global drop in oil prices has left the country 's consumers with some extra cash . 
  negative interest rates have pushed down the monthly cost of many borrowers ' mortgages in spain , where the majority of home loans are variable-rate , meaning they fluctuate with changes in benchmark rates . 
  yields on government bonds have fallen to less than 1 % as investors remain optimistic about spain 's economy and the european central bank buys sovereign debt to try to boost growth and lift inflation in the region . 
  parliament passed a 2016 budget that locked in government spending before last december 's inconclusive election . 
  `` spain is on autopilot from the fiscal standpoint , '' said daniele antonucci , a morgan stanley economist . 
  but in 2017 spain must trim spending to meet budget-deficit targets set by the european union . 
  once a government is in elected , `` spain will tighten the belt , '' mr. antonucci said . 
  `` the question mark is to what degree , and that also depends on the political situation . '' budget cuts would slow the economy in 2017 , said ignacio de la torre , chief economist at arcano group , a madrid-based investment bank . 
  so would other trends he expects in the coming year : higher oil prices , slower job growth at home , and a decline in exports to britain , whose currency has weakened since its decision to leave the european union . 
  `` we 've had a series of tailwinds this year , which we 're not going to have next year , '' mr. de la torre said . 
  the political stalemate has begun to take a toll on the economy : it chugs along , economists say , but could be growing even faster with a government in place . 
  miguel cardoso , chief spain economist at lender banco bilbao vizcaya argentaria sa , said the economy probably would be expanding by 3.5 % in 2016 were it not for political uncertainty . 
  some individuals and businesses are paring back purchases and delaying or canceling planned investments , he said . 
  bbva expects spain 's economy to grow 3.1 % this year . 
  the accumulation of stalled or scrapped investment plans will hit growth even harder next year , mr. cardoso said . 
  the bank projects 2.3 % growth in 2017 . 
  antonio del olmo , president of a company that designs and installs kitchens , said political uncertainty is hurting his business , the singular kitchen . 
  spaniards , he said , are wary of spending around $ 20,000 ( $ 22,500 ) to upgrade their kitchens when they do n't know whether a new government will hit them with higher taxes . 
  `` a lot of people are waiting to renovate their house '' until they see `` measures and rules of the game that will give them certainty , '' said mr. del olmo , who is based in valladolid . 
  there are broader signs of a pullback in investment . 
  with its authority to start new projects suspended , spain 's public works ministry and the state companies it oversees spent 19.8 % less on contracts in the first six months of this year than they did in 2015 . 
  spanish manufacturers in july reported the first monthly reduction in new orders from clients in nearly three years , according to a survey of purchasing managers at manufacturing companies compiled by data firm ihs markit . 
  `` if new orders are falling , that makes it very difficult to increase output or increase staff , '' said ihs markit economist andrew harker . 
  he said new-order growth had been slowing since february , in part because companies are reluctant to make investments in a climate of uncertainty . 
  spain 's service industry is proving more resilient , buoyed by a boom in tourism as visitors choose spain over mediterranean destinations hit by recent terror attacks . 
  hiring and business activity at companies such as hotels and restaurants was robust in july , the ihs markit survey showed . 
  a record 6 million foreign tourists stayed in spain 's hotels in july , the country 's statistics agency said . 
  the figure for the first seven months of the year is 28.3 million , an 11 % increase from 2015 . 
  hotels in tenerife , in spain 's canary islands , are `` completely full , '' said maky gonz\u00e1lez , director of travel agency alt\u00e1ntico excursiones . 
  `` occupancy ca n't get any higher . '' -- emese bartha in frankfurt contributed to this article . 
  after the women-only swim at my local pool , burkini-wearers sometimes take their outdoor clothes into the shower cubicles . 
  they wash and change , emerging eventually fully dressed . 
  a shivering queue forms of those , like me , just seeking a quick rinse . 
  why , i wonder crossly , in the female inner sanctum of a female session , patrolled by a female lifeguard , windows screened from male sight , are these women so buttoned up ? 
  i asked a young ex-muslim friend , once devout , now an atheist . 
  she laughed : `` i used to do that ! '' as a girl she was inculcated into the islamic modesty code of `` awrah '' which , under the now-dominant ( but by no means most severe ) interpretation , prohibits a woman from showing anything but her hands , feet and face . 
  under awrah , to reveal a shoulder or an arm is as shameful as cleavage or buttocks . 
  it can make women so hyper-aware of their bodies , she says , they hide them even in female changing rooms . 
  my friend , once fully veiled , has lately removed her hijab and with friends now wears a bikini . 
  but next week on the beach with her mother she will bathe in leggings and a baggy t-shirt : `` mum would be so uncomfortable if i wore a swimsuit . 
  so i compromise . '' in france , the burkini battle rages . 
  a growing number of riviera mayors have authorised armed police to fine and strip overdressed muslim women , while nicolas sarkozy , seeking to outflank the front national in his presidential bid , has promised a nationwide ban . 
  he calls the burkini `` a provocation '' , while the pm , manuel valls , says it represents `` the enslavement of women '' . 
  in fact , the burkini , like my friend 's beach leggings , is a compromise . 
  designed by an australian muslim so her hijab-wearing niece had a manageable but unrevealing outfit for playing sport , it is a pragmatic solution . 
  it does not challenge the awrah modesty code , it bypasses it . 
  to western eyes , a woman wading in an all-encompassing black one-piece -- especially when her husband is wearing trunks -- may look enslaved . 
  but at least she is here with her friends , splashing around , maybe learning to swim -- too many muslim women ca n't -- having fun . 
  she is defying the conservative imams -- and islamic state -- who 'd banish her from an unsegregated beach . 
  in saudi , the burkini is not permitted in public either , because it reveals too much of a woman 's shape . 
  the name of this garment -- intended to be playful -- has not helped . 
  the burka , which i detest , erases women entirely , to ensure only men are visible in the public sphere , to remove all possibility of female prominence or power . 
  whereas the burkini was created so muslim women can be part of the world . 
  it is undoubtedly appalling that they ca n't enjoy the sun on their backs , the delicious feeling of naked flesh in cool water . 
  or that muslim women olympic athletes , dragged down by baggy running gear , can never win . 
  the old patriarchal lies , that men 's lust is uncontrollable if they spy a well-turned ankle , that `` good girls '' are modest , once applied to christians too . 
  all body shame -- including the misery of not living up to a porn-bot western ideal -- is bad . 
  in france and britain , secular feminism slowly subverted religious prescripts , in a century of small shocks , from the flappers ' short skirts to the bikini .
