wow , i thought we had high vat at 20 % . 
  i imagine that sector is a large portion of their services exports . 
   most of the eu 's efforts go into enforcing business interests . 
  i 'm not sure sure . 
  they have fined businesses and taken action before . 
  examples off the top of my head : * intel and cpu 's * microsoft fine * google fine * airlines recently being fined for emissions * price capping on phone calls abroad i 'm sure there 's more examples , another might be german energy companies being forced to sell part of their business ( might be wrong about this , could be the german regulator ) . 
  either way , the eu seems to be quite mixed in terms of protecting consumers and business . 
  uk so we 're most like the us . 
  the danger to peace one is pretty funny . 
  subject to oil at $ 100 a barrel ... 
  seems like they are actually afraid of the express and daily mail, 
  yes because she is * british *, 
  it is entertaining from the inside now tbf - there was a lot of laughs at work when the court ruling came out and we discussed that the ecj would be the next court of appeal after the supreme court , presumably . 
  good - have to fight back against the tide of protectionism, 
  posted : july 17th 2016, 
  ah thanks good explanation, 
  wish i knew - i have n't been keeping up properly personally . 
  quite confused - things seemed to be resolved with romania earlier - but then there is this area ( wallonia ) which seems to disprove it - surely belgium parliament/or equivalent would have a greater say ? 
  bare in mind the cited sources are from around 3 odd years ago - however - the rationale remains similar . 
  i do think that the depreciation will help and have some impact ( e.g. 
  ey item club yesterday suggested export growth would be important in 2017 ) . 
  but , compared to depreciation ( s ) before e.g. 
  1992 - the impact may be more limited . 
  the survey is by deloitte - not the spectator, 
  europe is the biggest source of professional migrants to the uk and they are better educated than their british peers , according to an analysis by linkedin of its own members ' profiles . 
  the figures from linkedin , the professional social network with 450m members , raise questions about how britain 's decision to leave the eu will affect employers accustomed to tapping the continent for skilled staff . 
  linkedin analysed the profiles of those members who have moved to the uk over the past three years . 
  it found that 40 per cent of them came from elsewhere in the eu , while north america and asia supplied 17 per cent and 14 per cent respectively . 
  more than 60 per cent of members who moved to the uk from the eu had a masters or doctoral degree , compared with 34 per cent of uk members . 
  the data are imperfect : they offer only a snapshot of professional migration through the lens of people who use linkedin . 
  in addition , linkedin does not verify the qualifications people say they have , though it points out that `` as a public profile of your academic and professional achievements , on a professional site , and used by recruiters to identify candidates , it is in the interests of members to accurately represent themselves '' . 
  in spite of these caveats , the figures highlight the fact that -- while the majority of eu nationals working in the uk are in lower-skilled jobs earning less than # 20,000 a year -- brexit will affect the flow of highly-skilled professionals too . 
  linkedin members who have moved to the uk from the eu are 1.5 times more likely than the uk member base to be working in professional services , 1.3 times more likely to be working in technology and 1.2 times more likely to be working in finance . 
  `` there has already been a lot of debate about the impact of brexit on blue-collar workers , but british businesses also face a very real white-collar skills gap , '' said josh graff , linkedin 's uk country manager . 
  he said linkedin employed about 240 people in the uk , many of whom had come from overseas . 
  theresa may , the prime minister , has insisted that she will seek `` some control '' over european migrants as part of her brexit negotiations , but it is not yet clear what form this will take . 
  she has ruled out an australian-style points-based system , leading to speculation that she favours an allocation of work permits sector by sector . 
  madeleine sumption , director of the migration observatory at oxford university , said it was likely that many of the people in linkedin 's analysis would be eligible for work permits . 
  `` the question is : what are going to be the impacts of imposing a work permit system for the people who are eligible ? 
  what are the bureaucratic implications for employers of having to go through a sponsorship process to hire someone ? '' she said that , given the additional hassle for employers and employees of a permit system that ties a worker to a company , brexit 's impact on professional migration would depend on `` how attractive are the employees to the employers , and how attractive is the uk to the people who want to move ? 
  and we wo n't really know that until it happens . '' nonetheless , it is likely that the new immigration rules will still treat eu migrants differently from those from outside europe . 
  david cameron 's proposal for free movement of eu nationals who are in receipt of a job offer may even be resurrected . 
  mark harper , a former immigration minister who is close to mrs may , raised the prospect this week that new rules could differentiate between eu countries , giving some nationals preferential access to the uk . 
  he told a conference on tuesday that britain no longer needed to treat the whole of the eu as a `` single lump '' . 
  meanwhile , brexit minister david davis has promised a `` generous settlement '' for eu citizens currently in the uk , and those who have been here for at least five years will automatically qualify for permanent residence . 
  the status of those who have arrived more recently is still unclear . 
  ministers have acknowledged that they will have to set a cut-off for arrivals to prevent a pre-brexit rush of eu nationals , but have not agreed on whether this should be the referendum date , the point at which article 50 is triggered or the day of brexit itself . 
  the european union has always had an ambivalent attitude toward free trade . 
  the early days of the european project were characterized by tensions between those countries that believed a continent with few natural resources had no choice but to be open to the world and those that believed in a `` fortress europe '' protected by high tariff walls . 
  that battle looked to have been decisively won by the free traders in the early 1990s , when the eu simultaneously signed on to the uruguay round of the general agreement on tariffs and trade , which opened up vast swaths of european industry to global competition , and embraced radical internal free trade with its single-market project . 
  yet now the old tensions are resurfacing . 
  the eu today may be deeply integrated into the world economy , with one in every seven jobs dependent on exports . 
  but public opinion is increasingly wary of globalization . 
  both brexit and the rise of antiestablishment insurgent parties have been widely perceived as a howl of rage by `` left-behind '' voters , who blame globalization for rising inequality , growing job insecurity , stagnant wages and the erosion of democratic controls . 
  even so , europe 's free traders are n't giving in without a fight . 
  at an informal meeting last week , eu trade ministers took three important steps to signal their continued commitment to open markets . 
  the first was to signal their strong backing for the canada-eu comprehensive economic and trade agreement , or ceta . 
  this has become a totemic test of the eu 's commitment to free trade and whether it can continue to be taken seriously as a partner . 
  after all , this deal , which took seven years to hammer out , has been hailed by negotiators on both sides as a new kind of trade agreement , packed with safeguards for workers ' rights and the environment and respect for national sovereignty . 
  yet the deal still ran into opposition from some member states , amid concerns that the proposed investor protections and dispute-resolution mechanism would hand too much power to corporate interests . 
  trade ministers decided against reopening the talks , hoping instead to assuage those concerns via a legally binding joint declaration and by carving out the most contentious issues for separate ratification by national parliaments . 
  this should allow eu leaders to ratify the bulk of ceta at an oct. 27 summit , paving the way for its provisional application in early 2017 . 
  the second step was to refuse to pull the plug on the trans-atlantic trade and investment partnership with the u.s. 
  this move was largely symbolic since everyone accepts that there is no chance of a deal before the u.s. presidential election , leaving ttip 's fate in the hands of the next administration . 
  several eu member states would have liked to take this opportunity to kill ttip for good , or at least rip up the european commission 's mandate . 
  but by agreeing to stick with the current mandate and by choosing to participate in the next round of talks scheduled for early october , trade ministers have backed the commission , which was eager to preserve what has already been achieved in the talks and keep alive the possibility , however remote , that ttip might yet be revived . 
  the third step was potentially the most politically sensitive . 
  trade ministers agreed to back a commission proposal to overhaul the eu 's anti-dumping policies in a way that would allow the eu to recognize china as a market economy and thereby avoid a potentially damaging trade war . 
  this issue had threatened to become a major test of the eu 's commitment to the rules-based multilateral trading system . 
  under the terms of a deal struck in 2001 when it joined the world trade organization , china is currently treated as a nonmarket economy , allowing wto members to apply discriminatory trade defenses . 
  but this deal expires in december . 
  some eu member states had argued that since china still clearly is n't a market economy , the eu should simply refuse to change its policies rather than expose sensitive industrial sectors such as steel and solar panels to highly subsidized competition . 
  the commission plan , instead , would see the eu revamp its trade defenses in a way that maintains current levels of protection without discriminating against china . 
  can the eu hold the line against rising protectionism ? 
  eu leaders could still derail ceta or pull the plug on ttip in october . 
  and the commission 's china compromise may yet fall apart amid divisions over how tough the new anti-dumping rules need to be : some countries want the eu abolish its so-called lesser-duty rule , which caps retaliatory tariffs well below u.s. levels . 
  on the other hand , eu trade officials insist that there is no prospect of turning back the clock on free trade , since this is virtually impossible under the eu system , in which trade policy is an exclusive eu responsibility -- a deliberate decision to put the bloc beyond the reach of domestic political pressures . 
  the real danger for the eu is that as trade moves to center stage , those domestic political pressures risk undermining the legitimacy of the eu itself . 
  in short , fta = / = single market and not all ftas are equal great post btw . 
  germany is growing increasingly exasperated with britain 's bravado over brexit , prompting a rethink in berlin over how hard to push london during negotiations on leaving the eu . 
  top officials , ministers and diplomats in berlin are anxious that chancellor angela merkel 's desire to maintain good relations with britain should not be seen as a green light for unrealistic uk negotiating demands , or a licence for britain to abuse its eu rights while it is still a member . 
  the hardening mood is a warning that germany 's relative patience and equanimity with britain is not endless . 
  a top eu diplomat signalled that other eu states might retaliate if british politicians persisted with their rhetoric . 
  the irritation with britain was summed up on friday by wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , germany 's powerful finance minister , who publicly mocked boris johnson , britain 's foreign secretary and brexit campaigner . 
  to the annoyance of some in berlin , mr johnson had claimed it was `` baloney '' that the uk could not get a free trade deal if it ended free movement for eu workers . 
  `` we 'll happily send her majesty 's foreign minister a copy of the lisbon treaty , '' mr sch\u00e4uble joked at a news conference with michel sapin , his french counterpart . 
  `` he can then read about the fact that there 's a certain connection between the single market and the four freedoms . 
  at a pinch , i can talk about it in english . '' berlin accepts that it is mrs may that will set policy , not mr johnson or other cabinet ministers voicing hardline positions . 
  however , the german government is concerned that brexiters are poisoning the atmosphere with disparaging remarks about the eu . 
  london has long seen berlin as its most important champion in finding a mutually beneficial brexit settlement . 
  one particular worry in both brussels and berlin is over britain potentially exploiting its voting rights within the eu to sow division among member states or block policies that the eu-27 want to pursue . 
  one senior eu diplomat warned it could force the eu to hit back in areas such as financial services legislation . 
  meanwhile , to the frustration of uk officials , eu diplomats have flatly refused british overtures to start informal talks on the shape of a potential deal ; this has included rejecting offers to establish technical working groups on brexit . 
  these concerns extend to other eu states . 
  marco piantini , senior adviser to italian premier matteo renzi , questioned the uk 's emphasis on immigration controls in its new arrangements . 
  he said : `` if it 's about negotiation , building walls is not a great tactic . 
  and i wonder how much this would have to do with the logic of the free market . '' ms merkel 's officials say there is no change in germany 's position and there will be no preliminary talks before mrs may launches article 50 negotiations -- as the chancellor made clear in the summer . 
  michael fuchs , a senior mp in ms merkel 's ruling cdu party , was among those warning about the effects of mr johnson 's claims . 
  `` when boris johnson makes ambitious statements such as ` the eu would never dare to touch our banking passport ' , it suggests a lack of experience in diplomacy , '' he told the ft. `` ` in ' means ` in ' and ` out ' means ` out ' and there 's simply no free lunch . 
  without freedom of movement , i do expect the uk will lose the banking passport . '' he added : `` i 'm a fan of the uk , but the british must agree to meet us on an equal footing .
