  retail sales fell 1.8 per cent compared with october , according to federal statistical office , though the initial figure is a volatile one and is often subject to revision . 
  compared with the same time in the previous year , retail sales were 3.2 per cent higher . 
  separately , manufacturing orders fell by 2.5 per cent in the month , having jumped by 5 per cent in october , the finance ministry said . 
  manufacturing orders were also higher , by 3 per cent , compared with the same month last year . 
  great read . 
  very interesting, 
  they have n't lost in the uk , incomes have still grown a fair amount . 
  as did the us but to a lesser extent . 
  chinese incomes grew much faster of course . 
  see : http://www.resolutionfoundation.org/app/uploads/2016/09/examining-an-elephant.pdf , p. 8 and the whole section on the uk from p. 28, 
   but think about it , 1990 if you were a very smart , very diligent young indian you would pretty much be far poorer than anyone in western/northern europe no matter what you did ( unless you were part of the few rich families ) . 
  compare that to someone in the west that was rather stupid and lazy , that below average performing westerner still had a life style the poor indian could n't even dream of . 
  it was never fair , and it never made sense . 
  certainly with a bit of training the very smart and diligent indian could easily work in a standard western office job . 
  what we see now is just the rest of the world catching up and the world becoming fairer . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/03/magazine/its-a-flat-world-after-all.html?_r=0 i see you have probably read thomas friedmans book/article . 
  and if you have n't it reminded me of that piece . 
  access via : https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjbwfmt_9rqahxbsiykhqrpcgeqfggjmaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.wsj.com%2fgraphics%2ftightening-borders-interwoven-eu%2f&amp;usg=afqjcnfrjcb97x-tsep0x-l7n-l83i2_uq, 
  some revolutions could have been avoided if the old guard had only refrained from provocation . 
  there is no proof of a `` let them eat cake '' incident . 
  but this is the kind of thing marie antoinette could have said . 
  it rings true . 
  the bourbons were hard to beat as the quintessential out-of-touch establishment . 
  they have competition now . 
  our global liberal democratic establishment is behaving in much the same way . 
  at a time when britain has voted to leave the eu , when donald trump has been elected us president , and marine le pen is marching towards the elys\u00e9e palace , we -- the gatekeepers of the global liberal order -- keep on doubling down . 
  the campaign by tony blair , former uk prime minister , to undo brexit is probably the quaintest example of all . 
  a more serious incident was the forecast by the office for budget responsibility in the uk , which said last week that brexit would have severe economic consequences . 
  coming only a few months after the economics profession discredited itself with a doomy forecast about the consequences of brexit , this is an astonishing reminder of the inadequacy of economic forecasting models . 
  the truth about the impact of brexit is that it is uncertain , beyond the ability of any human being to forecast and almost entirely dependent on how the process will be managed . 
  `` do n't know '' is the technically correct answer . 
  before the referendum , project fear was merely a monumental tactical miscalculation . 
  today it is stupidity . 
  one of the debates was whether people should be listening to experts . 
  we have moved beyond that . 
  because of a tendency to exaggerate , macroeconomists are no longer considered experts on the macroeconomy . 
  out-of-touch former leaders and the economic establishment are not unique . 
  in italy , the political establishment is considering amending recently modified electoral law solely to keep beppe grillo 's rebellious five star movement from power . 
  this is intertwined in a complex way with next sunday 's referendum on constitutional reform . 
  the electoral law that came into force in july gives the strongest party quasi-dictatorial powers . 
  it was a stitch-up agreed in 2014 between prime minister matteo renzi 's democratic party and former prime minister silvio berlusconi 's forza italia . 
  neither man then believed the five star movement would ever be in a position to shake the cosy duopoly . 
  no matter how the referendum on constitutional reforms ends , expect to see one of the most glaring efforts of gerrymandering in modern politics . 
  but mr renzi 's problem is not the five star movement . 
  it is the voters . 
  the eu itself , too , is doubling down whenever it can . 
  the trade agreement with canada , and the yet to be concluded transatlantic trade and investment partnership , are about as popular today as the stationing of medium-range nuclear missiles in the 1980s . 
  a popular insurrection is under way against them because people fear a reduction in consumer protection and a power grab by multinationals . 
  why is this happening ? 
  macroeconomists thought no one would dare challenge their authority . 
  italian politicians have been playing power games forever . 
  and the job of eu civil servants is to find ingenious ways of spiriting politically tricky legislation and treaties past national legislatures . 
  even as the likes of ms le pen , mr grillo and geert wilders of the far-right dutch freedom party head towards power , the establishment keeps acting this way . 
  a bourbon regent , in an uncharacteristic moment of reflection , would have backed off . 
  our liberal capitalist order , with its competing institutions , is constitutionally incapable of doing that . 
  doubling down is what it is programmed to do . 
  the correct course of action would be to stop insulting voters and , more importantly , to solve the problems of an out-of-control financial sector , uncontrolled flows of people and capital , and unequal income distribution . 
  in the eurozone , political leaders found it expedient to muddle through the banking crisis and then a sovereign debt crisis -- only to find greek debt is unsustainable and the italian banking system is in serious trouble . 
  eight years on , there are still investors out there betting on a collapse of the eurozone as we know it . 
  mr renzi could have used his ample political capital to reform the italian economy instead of trying to cement his power . 
  and imagine what would have been possible if chancellor angela merkel had spent her even larger political capital on finding a solution to the eurozone 's multiple crises , or on reducing germany 's excessive current account surpluses . 
  if you want to fight extremism , solve the problem . 
  but it is not happening for the same reason it did not happen in revolutionary france . 
  the gatekeepers of western capitalism , like the bourbons before them , have learnt nothing and forgotten nothing . 
  checked their post history and frequenter to the donald . 
  figures . 
  they think deutsche will take down the eurozone : https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4s6vqd/can_rukpolitics_predict_whats_going_to_happen/ fucking batshit crazy sometimes, 
  britain has been pushed behind the european union in the queue to strike a free-trade deal with the united states , officials in washington have said . 
  president trump has softened his opposition to negotiating with the bloc as a whole after attempts by his officials to open talks with individual european nations were rebuffed . 
  during a private conversation last month , angela merkel , the german chancellor , convinced mr trump that talks on a us-eu deal would be simpler than he thought , sources close to both sides of the discussion told the times . 
  this led to a `` realisation '' in the trump administration that a trade deal with the eu -- allowing the tariff-free exchange of goods and services -- was more important to us interests than a post-brexit deal with britain , a source close to the white house said . 
  the transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) trade deal between the eu and us , shelved after mr trump 's election victory , could now be revived or a new deal proposed . 
  the eu is america 's biggest trading partner : us exports to the bloc last year were worth $ 270 billion ; it imported goods worth $ 417 billion . 
  in the same period the us exported $ 55 billion in goods to britain and imported $ 54 billion . 
  the development threatens to embarrass boris johnson , the foreign secretary , who after meeting mr trump 's advisers in january claimed that britain would be `` first in line '' for a deal . 
  a year ago barack obama warned that the uk would be at `` the back of the queue '' if it left the eu . 
  speaking alongside david cameron in london , he said : `` maybe at some point down the line there might be a uk-us trade agreement but it 's not going to happen any time soon . '' mr trump 's change of heart has been put down to mrs merkel 's intransigence . 
  after her trip to washington , she briefed cabinet colleagues on what she said were `` very basic misunder - standings '' by mr trump on the `` fundamentals '' of the eu and trade . 
  `` ten times trump asked her if he could negotiate a trade deal with germany . 
  every time she replied , ` you ca n't do a trade deal with germany , only the eu ' , '' a senior german politician said . 
  `` on the eleventh refusal , trump finally got the message , ` oh , we 'll do a deal with europe then . ' '' cecilia malmstr\u00f6m , the eu 's trade commissioner , will visit washington next week for informal talks with wilbur ross , the us commerce secretary , and other trump officials . 
  the eu and mrs malmstr\u00f6m are keen not to appear to plead for the reopening of ttip negotiations but will discuss the `` economic and strategic rationale '' for a deal if the american side does the same . 
  before last year 's presidential election , the eu and us had made progress with the ttip deal but mr trump 's threat to scrap multilateral agreements appeared to signal its demise . 
  however , six present and former trade officials from the us , uk and eu said separately that the white house had softened its position on striking a free-trade deal with the eu since mr trump took office . 
  of the six , one believed that ttip talks would resume while five were unsure whether the deal would be resurrected or a new one proposed . 
  eu rules prohibit britain from negotiating and entering into trade deals with other countries until it has left the bloc but the government wants to progress with informal talks until then . 
  there is disagreement in whitehall about how fast to proceed in seeking a uk-us trade deal . 
  senior foreign office figures are understood to be wary of rushing into a deal out of fear that the uk could be disadvantaged . 
  on a visit to britain this week , paul ryan , the republican house speaker , gave the biggest hint yet that ttip could be resurrected . 
  in a speech to the think tank policy exchange , he said : `` now that article 50 has been invoked , the uk and eu will determine the best path forward . 
  we want the parties to come together and strike a lasting agreement . 
  a strong uk-eu relationship is in all of our best interests . 
  in that same vein , the us will continue to work closely with our eu friends and chart a path forward on ttip negotiations . '' in an interview with the times in january mr trump said that he wanted to have a trade deal with britain done `` quickly and done properly '' because it was `` good for both sides '' . 
  q&a what is the ttip ? 
  the transatlantic trade and investment partnership is a proposed agreement to reduce us-eu tariffs and other barriers to trade . 
  talks have been under way since 2013 but met opposition on both sides of the atlantic . 
  why have the talks run into trouble ? 
  that is due to the sheer complexity of the issues and the need to align the economic priorities of the eu states and the us . 
  they have also been dogged by a powerful lobbying campaign across the eu by groups who argue that the treaty could lead to the privatisation of state healthcare provision . 
  labour previously warned that the nhs could be opened up to us private healthcare companies allowed to bid for any contract .
