  if germany now forces its turkish citizens to choose one loyalty , says sigmar gabriel , the social democrats ' boss , that `` would only help mr erdogan . 
  he 's happy when we split people again , into turks and germans '' . 
  nonetheless , the debate will stay hot for the coming year , ahead of the federal election in the autumn of 2017 . 
  the campaign has , in effect , started already : two of germany 's 16 regions , mecklenburg-west pomerania and berlin , will elect new assemblies next month . 
  in both contests a populist anti-immigrant party , the alternative for germany ( afd ) , is likely to enter state parliaments . 
  in north-eastern mecklenburg -- the only state legislature where the npd , a party considered to be neo-nazi , is currently represented -- the afd is even polling at 19 % , not far behind the social democrats and christian democrats , who govern the state jointly . 
  but the afd puts most pressure on the christian democrats , who view security as part of their brand . 
  this is why the interior ministers of mecklenburg and berlin , lorenz caffier and frank henkel , are the driving force behind the `` berlin declaration '' . 
  fears that migrants may commit terror are justified . 
  the domestic intelligence service knows of 340 cases in which islamic extremists have entered refugee centres in search of recruits . 
  but banning burqas and dual citizenship will not assist security or integration . 
  it would be disastrous , warns wolfgang kubicki of the free democrats , a liberal party , if politicians eager to translate angst into votes jeopardised `` all that makes us different from turkey under erdogan and russia under putin '' . 
  yeah , post 08 deprecation . 
  and yeah i agree , there wo n't be much of a boost from exports given the impact on imports and general uncertainty which will probably dilute some of the positive effects . 
   yes , if the devaluation is moderate it will increase exports and investments into manufacturing . 
  in theory uk exports should increase , but evidence post financial crisis suggested otherwise - the depreciation did not help that much . 
  similarly , its unlikely to provide that big a boost this time : https://www.ft.com/content/18048862-6519-3cbb-8c3a-149ce6d9a982, 
  the shock scenario is based on a50 being triggered and the uk achieving a bilateral agreement - as set out in another doc . 
  the eurozone showed little sign of suffering a post-brexit slump over the summer , with an influential poll of purchasing managers at the region 's companies hitting a seven-month high in august . 
  nevertheless , the flash purchasing managers ' index for the single currency area , compiled by data firm ihs markit , suggested growth could fade over the autumn . 
  the pmi , which is closely watched by economic policymakers in the single currency area , hit 53.3 this month -- up slightly from 53.2 in july . 
  the bright headline figure belied a slowing in the growth of manufacturers ' order books and a lower rate of new hires on the back of a drop in optimism in the region 's dominant services sector . 
  the publication of the index comes ahead of an important meeting of top european central bank officials in september , when its governing council could announce an extension to its bond-buying programme or other measures to boost growth and inflation . 
  `` the august flash pmi indicates that the eurozone remains on a steady growth path in the third quarter , with no signs of the recovery being derailed by ` brexit ' uncertainty , '' said chris williamson , chief business economist at ihs markit . 
  `` while the resilience ... will add to the belief that the ecb will see no need for any immediate further stimulus , the weakness of the overall pace of expansion and disappointing trends in hiring , order books , business optimism and prices all suggest that policymakers will keep the door open for more stimulus later in the year . '' a sub-index for price pressures suggested inflation remains muted , with selling prices falling again this month . 
  inflation in the region is now 0.2 per cent , much lower than the ecb 's target of just under 2 per cent . 
  `` clearly , the fact that the eurozone pmi has not fallen in the two months following the uk 's brexit vote will be welcome news for policymakers . 
  but growth remains too sluggish to push core inflation back to the ecb 's target , '' said stephen brown , european economist at capital economics , a research firm . 
  `` today 's release does little to alter our view that the ecb will increase the pace of its asset purchases and extend the programme at its next meeting on september 8 . '', 
  yeah that is right . 
  tbh sounds more like boris just saying `` we are keen '' and not much more . 
  some people certainly did - there was a documentary when a couple of ladies would be very angry if that 350m did not go to the nhs and they 'd hire a bus to westminster to protest ( they were from the north ) . 
  i guess the other group who did n't believe it just did not want anything to go to brussels ( regardless of the wider benefit it may have brought ) e.g. 
  comments like `` we did fine before the eu '' or `` it 'll be worth it '' . 
  yes , there was just disbelief at things like the treasury report of # 4k per household even though the analysis was n't that out of line with other estimates . 
  but yeah , i do hope if the consequences are felt those who wanted it will bear the brunt . 
   and even if they accept that there will be some loss , i think a great many do n't realise just how severe it will be . 
  polling data suggests people thought there would be an impact ( something like 80pc ) but only 18pc or so thought it would impact them directly . 
  basically , it 's all well and good - if i do n't have to pay for it . 
   the main reason for a falling pound is that the bank of england began a new round of quantitative easing and other accommodative monetary policy measures . 
  that 's one . 
  another is ( potentially ) less inflows of investment into the uk - investors need sterling to do so but demand for this has fallen so sterling falls . 
  additionally , general uncertainty re . 
  economic outlook , future trading relationships , politics etc. 
  not for some brexiters . 
  yeah , liechtenstein has the safeguards because its basically a tiny patch of land . 
  62sq miles and less than a 40k population . 
  single market aspect could . 
  but , there 's little case for watering down free movement with the regs liechtenstein has . 
  it 's not really . 
  it 's just a tax haven ultimately . 
  also , in reply to your other comment swiss banks ubs and cs are n't exactly doing that well . 
  ubs has largely restructured but cs may still need some capital raising and cost cutting . 
  the cayman islands , panama etc. 
  are more tax havens ( or offshore financial centres ) rather than places where most of banks services are offered . 
  some parts for sure . 
  where would you rather go ? 
   our people that lived in cities like london , paris , brussels said they are glad our cities are not multicultural . 
  how comes ? 
  - asking as a londoner, 
  copying my comment from / r/ukpolitics as same questions remain :  british reworking of canada 's eu free-trade deal , with - and this is the trickiest part - a bespoke add-on for our service sector . 
  they want access to services without free movement ? 
  why would we get this ? 
  this would incentivise other countries to kick up a fuss . 
  besides , services rely on people being able to move easily . 
  additionally , i presume this means no passporting for the city . 
   i am reliably told that brexit , for may ( and therefore for us ) , equals :   1 . discretionary control over immigration policy ;   1 . discretionary control over lawmaking ;  1 . no compulsory contributions to the eu budget . 
  it just seems unlikely to get a large amount of access without having to contribute a fee and accepting at least some of the obligations . 
  none would claim to be a populist . 
  he probably is , just from the left vs the right ( for le pen and trump ) . 
  i do n't know grillo admittedly . 
  the global poor as well . 
  on mobile so ca n't find the link but if i recall , the 70th and 80th percentiles globally ( western working/lower middle ) had seen the fewest gains in income . 
  the other percentiles globally had done well - including the bottom half edit . 
  see graph on this page https://hbr.org/2016/05/why-the-global-1-and-the-asian-middle-class-have-gained-the-most-from-globalization, 
  hardly . 
  most in the world have benefited . 
  the western working class and lower middle class has benefited least . 
  usually , it means those who have ` lost ' from globalisation or those whose values are n't represented by many ( if any ) mainstream politicians . 
  too much attention is being paid to how bad populist leaders such as donald trump , marine le pen and jeremy corbyn are , and to how their programmes , left or right , will ruin the countries they aspire to govern . 
  there is too little focus on the hope and optimism they give their many millions of followers . 
  it is true , for example , that mr corbyn , leader of the uk 's opposition labour party , cuts no figure as a prime minister-in-waiting , as most of his parliamentary colleagues have discovered . 
  but the minority support he attracts to labour -- and more importantly the signal sent by the brexiter majority in june -- speak clearly of frustration , resentment at being `` left behind '' . 
  it is the constituency to which hillary clinton spoke in her acceptance of the democratic nomination in the us presidential race : `` some of you are frustrated -- even furious . 
  and you know what ? 
  you 're right . '' other eu countries are not faced with frexit , itexit or deuxit but their political establishments also have `` left-behinders '' who refuse to support the mainstream parties . 
  the popularity of marine le pen , leader of the far-right national front , rose to 27 per cent last month , according to a bva opinion poll , surpassing both former president nicolas sarkozy of the republicans and the socialist president fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  in italy , prime minister matteo renzi 's democratic party lost the mayoralties of rome and turin in june to the five star movement , an inchoate populist party that demands a referendum on the euro and leads , narrowly , in several opinion polls . 
  the alternative for germany ( afd ) won seats in some state legislatures this year and is calling for a vote on eu membership . 
  the anti-immigrant swedish democrats have been challenging the social democrats , who lead the government , in opinion polls . 
  in austria , the re-run of april 's election in october may put norbert hofer of the far-right freedom party in the presidential palace . 
  too few critics recognise that for millions these are sketches of a better society in both the us and europe , rising inequality , wage stagnation and workplace insecurity merge with concern about fragmenting communities , exacerbated by fear of unregulated immigration . 
  the fusion of these forces produces a popular energy that in america went rightwards , to mr trump of the republicans , and left to bernie sanders , mrs clinton 's former rival for the democratic nomination . 
  in europe , it mainly goes to the right . 
  a large part of working class voters in the leading states of the democratic west favour rightwing politics as a bulwark against immigration , as a protest against the ending of secure work with steadily rising incomes and as a poke in the eye of their elites after the uk referendum , mainly working and lower middle-class people appeared in interviews lamenting the loss of community , the presence of immigrants who did not become part of it , and the threat of the eu displacing westminster as a sovereign power . 
  such talk is often dismissed as a search for better yesterdays but it also speaks to a wish to make the uk a better place than it has , for these respondents , become . 
  mr corbyn wants to make his country a better place through socialism ; mr trump favours america first ; ms le pen , national revival outside the eu . 
  too few critics recognise that for millions these are sketches of a better society . 
  ed luce the return of american exceptionalism clinton 's rhetoric and worldview are strikingly different to obama 's the established parties will probably prevail . 
  mrs clinton is probably the next us president .
