  the logic is right and certainly measures like government assurance of mortgages and the interstate highway system were part of the political package that permitted the us to underwrite an open global system . 
  but the last eight years have seen america at last adopt universal health insurance , expand a variety of support programmes for the poor and bring unemployment below 5 per cent with trade becoming ever less popular . 
  it is not that strong domestic policies are unnecessary to undergird global integration . 
  it is that they are insufficient . 
  a new approach has to start from the idea that the basic responsibility of government is to maximise the welfare of citizens , not to pursue some abstract concept of the global good . 
  people also want to feel that they are shaping the societies in which they live . 
  it may be inevitable that impersonal forces of technology and changing global economic circumstances have profound effects , but it adds insult to injury when governments reach agreements that further cede control to international tribunals . 
  this is especially the case when , for reasons of law or practicality , corporations have disproportionate influence in shaping global agreements . 
  after the referendum imf downgrades eurozone growth post-brexit impact depends on closeness of uk ties after leaving eu if italy 's banking system is badly undercapitalised and the country 's democratically elected government wants to use taxpayer money to recapitalise it , why should some international agreement prevent it from doing so ? 
  why should not countries that think that genetically modified crops are dangerous get to shield people from them ? 
  why should the international community seek to prevent countries that wish to limit capital inflows from doing so ? 
  the issue in all these cases is not the merits . 
  it is the principle that intrusions into sovereignty exact a high cost . 
  what is needed is a responsible nationalism -- an approach where it is understood that countries are expected to pursue their citizens ' economic welfare as a primary objective but where their ability to harm the interests of citizens elsewhere is circumscribed . 
  international agreements would be judged not by how much is harmonised or by how many barriers are torn down but whether citizens are empowered . 
  this does not mean less scope for international co-operation . 
  it may mean more . 
  for example , tax burdens on workers around the world are a trillion dollars or more greater than they would be if we had a proper system of international co-ordination that identified capital income and prevented a race to the bottom in its taxation . 
  taxes are only the most obvious area where races to the bottom interfere with the achievement of national objectives . 
  others include labour and financial regulation and environmental standards . 
  reflex internationalism needs to give way to responsible nationalism or else we will only see more distressing referendums and populist demagogues contending for high office . 
  the writer is charles w eliot university professor at harvard and a former us treasury secretary, 
  bit harsh imo . 
  this volcano was going to erupt at some point . 
  maybe not in this manner but something was going to give . 
  you 're right , parliament has always been sovereign ( as the referendum proved ) . 
  also , with eea there 's a bit more flexibility for some areas ( fishing and agriculture come to mind ) so in that sense there 's some element of control gained . 
  if not eea , then i guess it would have to be efta plus bilateral trade agreements ? 
  what do you think of that ? 
  also , i do still have to watch that committee session you posted ( maybe that 'll give some thoughts ) . 
  i should say by watered down i mean something small like emergency brake ( that some other countries have ) as well as the uk paying a higher fee for the privilege . 
  not saying it 's likely , it just feels like the best case conceivable scenario, 
  well , that would be quite something . 
  yeah seems my tongue in cheek comment was not really understood here, 
  http://www.livingwage.org.uk/employers/region thought they pay living wage in london ? 
  oh yeah read that on ben judah 's twitter . 
  iirc it was some limited passporting ? 
  either way , if it 's true it 's a masterstroke by hollande and co. 
  sounds like you want an eea style arrangement, 
  because we 're the 5th biggest economy . 
  ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ stupidity, 
  thing is no . 
  1 reason for leave was sovereignty rather than immigration . 
  so , my best hope would be some sort of eea style deal with watered down free movement , single market . 
  maybe pay more in terms of budget or something ? 
  it 's shit either way , have a bigger economic shock ( less single market ) or piss off those who wanted less migration ( single market and free movement ), 
  ah thanks for link . 
  finally i located the bcg survey source . 
  yeah , admittedly do n't really know much about that side of things . 
  but , seems france is really keen to push paris . 
  ft had an article with some financiers seeming a bit perplexed given their rapid change in sentiment . 
  either way , hollande and co. seem to think this is a really big opportunity , certainly enough to change their stance on the finance sector . 
  first guy also seemed discontented at london/finance and the lack of trickle down . 
  second guy was complaining about mp 's pay hike . 
  but mp 's broadly were n't keen on it from what i understand . 
  it was ipsa who raised it . 
  the young ukip activist also seemed to have dislike at mp 's salaries . 
  none of this was really the referendum question though . 
  all feels like one huge protest vote, 
  ah ok . what number were you expecting ( just out of interest ) ? 
  yeah , it 's conceivable that a lot of people may end up less happy at the outcome of all this . 
  that 's just one bank though , albeit one of the larger ones . 
  also , going by the bcg survey wo n't just be euro denominated derivs moving . 
   the research said the brexit vote would have a far-reaching impact on the square mile , with jobs being transferred from all banking business units , including international payment transactions , investment banking and trading businesses . 
  all of this is n't great news at all ( at least for us in london ) banks already wanting to cut costs to lower cost centres e.g. 
  see movement of jobs to b'ham for example . 
  i 'm pretty sure salaries in frankfurt and paris tend to be lower as well from what i understand . 
  loss of passporting might be the final straw . 
  not saying it 'll turn canary wharf into a craphole but it 's hardly good news . 
  lol zerohedge, 
  can see some teams/divisions moving . 
  well , depending on the deal that 's reached . 
  might learn french now just in case . 
  i posted this in / r/ukpolitics if anyone interested to see the reaction https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4rdqeg/the_uk_will_miss_unskilled_migrants_after_brexit/, 
  still here guys , well personally . 
  might even learn french as a hedge in case canary wharf migrates to france over the longer term . 
  you raise a lot of good points . 
  agree on the whole the u.k. seems to want it 's cake and eat it . 
  boris said so much . 
  they need to realise there 's trade offs . 
  and switzerland seems to have an actual plan and yeah the civil service is running very thinly currently . 
  many departments are very young in terms of experience too . 
  basically , i would n't be so worried/annoyed with brexit if there was a clear plan and an outline of the objectives we want to a achieve . 
  this is just a mess . 
  there 's a great book `` blunders of our governments '' it looks at various follies such as erm , the millennium dome and tube ppp . 
  maybe this will top them all . 
  this is the most worrying thing . 
  trying to push simple solutions to complex problems with trade offs . 
  and it 's not just in the uk, 
  this was like a month before the penny dropped , around may 31st . 
  their analysis was largely panned . 
  it also stated it would `` lead to the elimination of uk manufacturing '', 
  there was that . 
  and , in response to any danger you 're ** scaremongering **, 
  the guy could barely negotiate with tfl to make the night tube work . 
  ft ( nick clegg 's wife no less ) called it before the outcome . 
  https://next.ft.com/content/3c76e90a-270e-11e6-8ba3-cdd781d02d89   as one of the very few people living in this country who has been an international trade negotiator , i disagree . 
  since whitehall presently lacks the necessary know-how , renegotiating those deals any time soon after a leave vote will be nigh impossible . 
    because the european commission has taken the lead in trade negotiations since the 1970s , the uk simply does not have people with the right technical knowledge . 
  posted on r/ukpolitics , got criticised by a brexiteer for having no faith in the country etc.
