  he did law and worked at linklaters - he must surely understand . 
  instead , it feels like willful ignorance . 
  and yeah , i was looking back to the cameron renegotiation . 
  the eastern european countries were ( obviously ) hostile to curbs on free movement . 
  the tory right/ukip seem to ignore/misunderstand that all 27 states have a say . 
  right now , common trade policy . 
  in the medium term possibly . 
  hence , i 'm hoping for a soft brexit - eea agreement . 
  praying mrs may does n't cave in too much to tory backbenchers/hard right for the sake of economic sensibility . 
  thing is an fta ( basic ) would benefit the eu ( particularly germany ) more than than the uk ( if services e.g. 
  passporting is restricted ) . 
  also , there was some articles which gave the impression that the german car lobby was more keen to preserve the eu than prioritise uk trade . 
  seems like it has that vibe, 
  yeah i go for shiraz quite often and i 've never noticed any discernible price difference . 
  http://dfat.gov.au/trade/agreements/aeufta/submissions/documents/australian-grape-and-wine-authority-eufta-submission.pdf that paper also seems to agree with you . 
  he 's also sort of right re . 
  the tariff 's - there 's two rates - i think he 's taken an average . 
   the city will have the chance to sell more uk financial services worldwide in markets long neglected under eu trade deals . 
  maybe for a few select products where london specialises . 
  however , for the vast majority of stuff it makes sense for america/asia/me to go to ny , hk/singapore or dubai due to network effects , culture and specialist knowledge he ignores the passporting issue ( maybe willfully ) as well as little on regulatory equivalence/harmonisation . 
  it makes so much more sense for us to trade with europe in terms of financial services . 
  either way , it 's an insight into what some of the ` hard ' ( perhaps unpragmatic ) tory right brexiters think . 
  edit : oh yeah fucking time zone as well - is why it makes sense . 
  to deliver independence , nelson mandela quipped , his country had to break the `` vicious cycle of dependence imposed on us by . 
  those in command of immense market power '' . 
  as we negotiate brexit , we need to step out of the shadows of brussels ' more benign but still debilitating hold , and grasp the virtuous cycle that independence from the european union offers . 
  the referendum was won on the clear basis that britain would take back control of its borders , money and democracy . 
  when the prime minister says brexit means brexit , she is signalling that exit negotiations wo n't involve haggling on those issues . 
  they are non-negotiable . 
  ending free movement of people from the eu is a given , not a bargaining chip . 
  what is on the table is the extent to which we can retain maximum access to the single market for british companies . 
  it makes sense to secure terms before we leave because they could then be agreed by a qualified majority of eu governments , not dependent upon a unanimous vote . 
  the deal would be less vulnerable to being held hostage by any one country 's special interests , or isolated political spitefulness . 
  either way , going into any discussion you need to know your best alternative to a negotiated agreement ( batna ) . 
  the british batna is to leave the eu with no deal and rely on world trade organisation rules . 
  the average eu tariff for non-members is 3.6 per cent , rising to 10 per cent on cars and 22 per cent on agricultural goods . 
  of course , even inside the eu , barriers to trade in services are rife . 
  outside , we would continue to trade with our european friends at a strong clip . 
  but how can we minimise new trade barriers in the brexit negotiations ? 
  we 're not negotiating from scratch . 
  our starting point is strong . 
  we have tariff-free access , and eu businesses sell british consumers # 68 billion more each year in goods and services than our companies sell back . 
  new trade barriers would hit continental exporters disproportionately , costing them sales and jobs . 
  that 's why groups such as the german bdi , representing 100,000 businesses and eight million workers , oppose new tariffs on britain . 
  the more britain expands its global trade , the more competitive pressure we exert on our existing trade partners and the stronger the eu 's commercial interest in minimising trade barriers with the uk becomes . 
  to maximise that leverage requires a close partnership between the two big names on the british side of the negotiations -- david davis , who is leading talks with the eu , and liam fox , who is charged with reaching free trade agreements ( ftas ) beyond europe . 
  let 's buy wine from australia without the eu 's 32 per cent tariff dr fox ca n't bring any ftas into force until we leave the eu , but he can tee them up for the day after . 
  uk trade envoys can be dispatched immediately to australia and new zealand , the fourth and fifth biggest exporters of wine to the uk , to explain that we wish to sign ftas so we can drink far more of their chardonnay -- without the eu 's 32 per cent tariff . 
  good news for british consumers , a sobering message to the french who will face stiffer competition for their share of the uk wine market . 
  will they really want their politicians to squeeze them further by pressing , out of pique , for more barriers to trade with the uk ? 
  on their way home , those british trade emissaries might stop off in japan , the fifth biggest exporter of cars to the uk , to explain that we 'd like to buy more of their mazdas -- shorn of the eu 's 10 per cent tariff on cars . 
  continental carmakers , used to a protected slice of the uk market , will take note . 
  german manufacturers will have no truck with erecting trade barriers against britain , which would cost german jobs . 
  mr davis and his team should tour the continental business groups and trade fairs and meet union leaders to extol the virtues of european trade , explain britain 's global strategy and make the case against beggar-thy-neighbour tariffs that would hit their members hardest . 
  of course britain 's new global trade strategy is about more than buying cheaper goods from abroad . 
  it 's also a golden opportunity to sell more planes , cars and pharmaceuticals to the growth markets of the future . 
  the city will have the chance to sell more uk financial services worldwide in markets long neglected under eu trade deals . 
  scotland can build on its mercantilist tradition , selling more oil and whisky to markets from latin america to asia . 
  beefing up international trade will help to address low productivity , one of the systemic weaknesses of the british economy , by incentivising exports and strengthening competitiveness at home . 
  the dynamic linking britain 's openness to trade and our potential to boost exports is powerful . 
  the more we dismantle the barriers that the eu imposes on imports into the uk , the more nations around the world will lower their barriers to our trade . 
  that , in turn , will heap pressure on our eu partners to safeguard their businesses and jobs by resisting calls for tariffs on british goods . 
  this is brexit 's virtuous circle . 
  britain 's strategy must be to increase the international and domestic pressures on the eu politicians sitting across the negotiating table . 
  with elections in germany and france in 2017 , french farmers and the powerful german business lobby will have something to say about politicians threatening their livelihoods and workers with vindictive protectionist gestures aimed at britain . 
  dominic raab is the mp for esher & walton, 
  i ca n't believe this ( non ) issue dominated the campaign for a couple of weeks or so . 
  theresa may has had a combative start as prime minister . 
  first , she stamped her authority on the government with a cabinet shake-up far more radical than was expected . 
  then , in her first prime minister 's questions , she channelled her inner margaret thatcher to give jeremy corbyn , the labour leader , a lesson on what leadership looks like . 
  and on the eu , she has forcefully said `` brexit means brexit '' , while acknowledging that a dream deal will not be on the table . 
  but mrs may 's most important actions have been about holding the united kingdom together -- possibly her most perilous task . 
  by visiting scotland just two days into her premiership ( before the cabinet was fully formed ) , it confirmed that the union is one of her top priorities and ensured nationalists north of the border could not argue that they were being ignored . 
  this policy has continued with her first visit to ireland on monday , where mrs may agreed with taoiseach enda kenny that there should be no `` hard border '' between northern ireland and the republic of ireland after britain leaves the eu . 
  `` we will engage with all of northern ireland 's political parties as we prepare for that negotiation , '' she said . 
  as with her trip to scotland , she is laying the ground work for a consensual approach : reassuring language that folks across the uk want to hear . 
  this is the easy part . 
  the real challenge is when mrs may has to outline details of an achievable brexit plan . 
  team may expected to have the summer to formulate its plans for government during the leadership contest , so there is a certain amount of learning on the job . 
  but most of the brexit chat is a guessing game at this stage . 
  we can , however , conclude that mrs may is laying the groundwork for a more moderate brexit that will attempt to assuage leavers and remainers . 
  her opposition will be the eurosceptic true believers in the conservative party : those who preferred andrea leadsom for the top job and are already crowing about betrayal and the lack of `` hard brexit '' -- a full and instant withdrawal from the eu . 
  instead of this `` betrayal '' coming from downing street , mrs may would prefer for it to emerge from a consensus . 
  after visiting european leaders and different corners of the kingdom , her vision will evolve over the next few months . 
  it will hopefully be one that is acceptable to her fellow leaders and the majority of the country . 
  when it transpires this is the best deal for britain , she will aim to box out the ardent brexiters . 
  it may be early days , but mrs may appears to be successfully walking the tightrope as the first prime minister of brexit britain . 
  there is not much hard evidence yet but the indications are good . 
  the real challenge will be navigating those tricky compromises and whether she can carry her colleagues , party and the country down her chosen road to independence . 
  yeah for the western eu and to the eu as a whole . 
  the ease with which an observer spots an unsustainable development increases with distance . 
  the brexit vote and eurozone crises were both easier to spot from the other side of the english channel . 
  virtually all my continental european friends saw that uk membership of the eu was unsustainable . 
  how is it possible , they asked , to refuse to be part of the eurozone and the banking union , but also be a full member of the single market for financial services ? 
  few british people i know even understood the question : they said it was sensible to exploit opportunities the single market offered to all members . 
  they seemed unfazed by london acting as the financial centre for another currency zone . 
  i notice a similar gap in perceptions of the eurozone . 
  many of my british friends have long seen clearly that the eurozone is unsustainable on the basis of present policies and institutions . 
  but that view is not shared by policymakers and economists on the continent . 
  critics from britain rightly argue that the monetary union is failing because of a divergence of economic performance .
