  on average between 65 and 70 per cent of households in 25 high-income economies experienced this between 2005 and 2014 . 
  in the period between 1993 and 2005 , however , only 2 per cent of households suffered stagnant or declining real incomes . 
  this applies to market income . 
  because of fiscal redistribution , the proportion suffering from stagnant real disposable incomes was between 20 and 25 per cent . 
  ( see charts . ), 
  mckinsey has examined personal satisfaction through a survey of 6,000 french , british and americans . 
  the consultants found that satisfaction depended more on whether people were advancing relative to others like them in the past than whether they were improving relative to those better off than themselves today . 
  thus people preferred becoming better off , even if they were not catching up with contemporaries better off still . 
  stagnant incomes bother people more than rising inequality . 
  the main explanation for the prolonged stagnation in real incomes is the financial crises and subsequent weak recovery . 
  these experiences have destroyed popular confidence in the competence and probity of business , administrative and political elites . 
  but other shifts have also been adverse . 
  among these are ageing ( particularly important in italy ) and declining shares of wages in national income ( particularly important in the us , uk and netherlands ) . 
  real income stagnation over a far longer period than any since the second world war is a fundamental political fact . 
  but it can not be the only driver of discontent . 
  for many of those in the middle of the income distribution , cultural changes also appear threatening . 
  so , too , does immigration -- globalisation made flesh . 
  citizenship of their nations is the most valuable asset owned by most people in wealthy countries . 
  they will resent sharing this with outsiders . 
  britain 's vote to leave the eu was a warning . 
  so what is to be done ? 
  if mr trump were to become president of the us , it might already be too late . 
  but suppose that this does not happen or , if it does , that the result is not as dire as i fear . 
  what then might be done ? 
  first , understand that we depend on one another for our prosperity . 
  it is essential to balance assertions of sovereignty with the requirements of global co-operation . 
  global governance , while essential , must be oriented towards doing things countries can not do for themselves . 
  it must focus on providing the essential global public goods . 
  today this means climate change is a higher priority than further opening of world trade or capital flows . 
  second , reform capitalism . 
  the role of finance is excessive . 
  the stability of the financial system has improved . 
  but it remains riddled with perverse incentives . 
  the interests of shareholders are given excessive weight over those of other stakeholders in corporations . 
  third , focus international co-operation where it will help governments achieve significant domestic objectives . 
  perhaps the most important is taxation . 
  wealth owners , who depend on the security created by legitimate democracies , should not escape taxation . 
  fourth , accelerate economic growth and improve opportunities . 
  part of the answer is stronger support for aggregate demand , particularly in the eurozone . 
  but it is also essential to promote investment and innovation . 
  it may be impossible to transform economic prospects . 
  but higher minimum wages and generous tax credits for working people are effective tools for raising incomes at the bottom of the distribution . 
  fifth , fight the quacks . 
  it is impossible to resist pressure to control flows of unskilled workers into advanced economies . 
  but this will not transform wages . 
  equally , protection against imports is costly and will also fail to raise the share of manufacturing in employment significantly . 
  true , that share is far higher in germany than in the us or uk . 
  but germany runs a huge trade surplus and has a strong comparative advantage in manufactures . 
  this is not a generalisable state of affairs . 
  ( see chart . ), 
  above all , recognise the challenge . 
  prolonged stagnation , cultural upheavals and policy failures are combining to shake the balance between democratic legitimacy and global order . 
  the candidacy of mr trump is a result . 
  those who reject the chauvinist response must come forward with imaginative and ambitious ideas aimed at re-establishing that balance . 
  it is not going to be easy . 
  but failure must not be accepted . 
  our civilisation itself is at stake . 
  unfortunately , certain politicians have said we can `` have our cake , and eat it '', 
  the turnout is hard to say yet tbh . 
  sky said 30 % , others have said something like 70 % . 
  not so sure . 
  fptp will prevent that . 
  various reasons . 
  * have a high profile brexiter leading it ( he wanted it - let him lead it ) * balance the cabinet - i.e. 
  pro remain and brexiter mix * he has been in fairly senior positions - experience also worth reading : http://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/brexit-ministers-can-clear-up-their-own-mess-vfmzbcq30 https://next.ft.com/content/6d0d25da-49c2-11e6-8d68-72e9211e86ab https://next.ft.com/content/d64b2264-498a-11e6-b387-64ab0a67014c, 
  vaxxers - as in vaccination ? 
  fucking loonies if so, 
   they 're also one of the most misinformed bunch of people i 've ever witnessed . 
  we have those too, 
  the new head of the city watchdog has urged the government to maintain access to europe 's single market and cement wider trade agreements across the globe , arguing it underpins one of the financial conduct authority 's key objectives . 
  andrew bailey , who became the chief executive just a week after the uk 's historic decision to leave the eu , said that he welcomes a statement by the new chancellor , philip hammond , that the uk should seek access to the single market through the coming negotiations , writes caroline binham , financial regulation correspondent . 
  `` we will support the government 's work to put in place new arrangements , and i would include in that , alongside access to the single market , seeking to have in place trade agreements with other countries '' , mr bailey said in his first public comments since taking up his new role , at the fca 's annual meeting on tuesday . 
  he added : from an fca perspective , there is , for instance , no doubt that our objective of ensuring healthy competition in uk financial markets is supported by cross-border trade in financial services . 
  more so than for trade in goods , for internationally traded services of the type we regulate the key to sustained international trade is robust global standards of regulation . 
  these can operate simultaneously at both eu and global level . 
  until the beginning of the month , mr bailey was the head of the sister regulator at the bank of england 's prudential regulation authority . 
  he revealed that the fca has started up its own brexit team to grapple with the regulatory effects of the vote to leave the eu . 
  the fca has stressed a number of times that domestic regulations that derive from eu law will stay in place until the uk formally leaves the eu and after the government decides otherwise . 
  mr bailey repeated that he expects `` no great bonfire of regulation '' post-brexit , adding that many elements of european regulations that are coming into effect over the next year or so , known as mifid ii , include safeguards that the uk would want in its own system . 
  in response to a question over whether the uk would retain the eu 's bonus cap -- which limits banker bonuses to 100 per cent of salary , or 200 per cent with special shareholder approval -- mr bailey said that it remains in place for now , and going forward would depend on so-called equivalence standards . 
  despite the uk -- and mr bailey personally -- being opposed to the cap , bankers have lobbied the government to keep it so the uk can be deemed to have `` equivalent '' financial regulatory standards to the eu should uk financial firms lose the ability `` passport '' through the eu . 
  market volatility around the brexit vote caused a spike in transaction reports to the fca , mr bailey said . 
  it is now around 25m reports a day , up from its normal 19m . 
  the fca put firms on notice in the run-up to the vote that it would be on the look-out for misconduct sparked by volatility . 
  that , and we have a pm sooner than expected . 
  so more certainty, 
  flying out of aspen , colorado , before breakfast time a few days ago , i blearily presented my boarding pass to the security officer . 
  `` whaddya think about brexit ? '' he asked eagerly . 
  `` d\u2019ya think it 's gon na happen ? '' everywhere i have been in america in recent weeks , i have found colossal numbers of people gripped by what 's been going on in britain . 
  it 's not just an academic interest . 
  they all understand that the forces responsible for brexit are broadly similar to those fuelling support for donald trump who , at this week 's republican convention , will be anointed as the party 's presidential candidate . 
  among americans there is widespread sympathy with the perceived desire by the brits to `` get their country back '' . 
  they feel just the same . 
  many , however , find themselves on the horns of an electoral dilemma . 
  not all : dyed-in-the-wool liberals would vote for hillary clinton , the democratic candidate , even if she were caligula 's horse . 
  for others , the idea of not voting republican is equally unthinkable . 
  i 'm meeting people , however , who will `` never ever '' vote for hillary because they see her as irredeemably corrupt , compromised and ideological . 
  yet they are also alarmed and disgusted by trump , whom they view as uncouth , ignorant and a frightening loose cannon . 
  how on earth should we vote , they ask plaintively . 
  the way is to look beyond these two personalities at what they represent .
