  instead , they made it tougher to `` crack down '' on migration . 
  if free movement ends then it is perhaps more equal , but hardly more liberal . 
  also , there seems to be little desire for free movement in the ` anglosphere ' from countries like canada/aus . 
  liberal internationalists in britain have plenty of reasons to despair over the vote to leave the european union . 
  the economy will surely weaken , whether it dips into recession or just grows more slowly over the next few years . 
  the government will be so preoccupied with divorcing the eu that it will have little energy left for , say , reforming criminal justice or building new airport runways . 
  neither the government nor the labour party is led by a liberal . 
  but what really offends liberals -- particularly in london -- is the thought that britain is bound to become less tolerant , less international , less diverse and as a result less interesting . 
  in this respect the worriers are wrong . 
  the map below , produced by the centre for cities at the london school of economics , shows both why liberals are anxious and why they need not worry so much . 
  as a magnet for immigrants , london has no rival in europe . 
  not only does it contain many more foreigners than any other city ( which partly just reflects london 's size ) , it also has proportionately more immigrants than almost anywhere else . 
  next to london , famously cosmopolitan cities like paris and berlin are actually rather homogeneous . 
  london 's only competitors in the diversity stakes are smallish cities like lausanne in switzerland . 
  and many of switzerland 's immigrants are from neighbouring countries , especially germany . 
  london 's come from all over the place . 
  in this section britain 's unparalleled diversity is here to stay a british microchip maker attracts japanese investment , but other techies are nervous reprints if national diversity is the goal , britain 's capital has an enormous head start . 
  and it is unlikely that even mrs may , who detests mass immigration , could do much to hobble it . 
  true , some french and swiss bankers will probably push off when the eu moves to undermine london 's financial services ( as it surely will ) . 
  so will some other workers in footloose businesses that rely on skilled immigrants : do n't expect london to remain a fintech hub , for example . 
  that is a shame . 
  but these people are a tiny sliver of london 's immigrant population . 
  almost all the others will stay put . 
  they will remain partly because they have british children . 
  in 2014 , 27 % of babies born in england and wales had immigrant mothers , up from just 12 % in 1990 . 
  polish women had more babies than any other immigrant group : they accounted for 3.2 % of all births . 
  pakistanis were second , followed by indians , bangladeshis and nigerians . 
  many other babies who were born to british women had an immigrant father . 
  soon these babies will be in school and their parents will be pinned to britain . 
  even if immigration were suddenly to stop , britain would become more diverse . 
  immigrants have slightly more babies -- their fertility rate in england and wales is 2.1 , compared with 1.8 for the natives . 
  and diversity will spread . 
  immigrants tend to arrive in big cities and gradually move out , seeking bigger houses that they can afford . 
  between 2001 and 2011 ( the last two census years ) the proportion of black africans in england and wales who lived in london fell from 80 % to 58 % -- a staggering exodus . 
  provincial towns such as milton keynes are rapidly becoming more racially mixed . 
  and although immigration will surely slow down -- a consequence of economic weakness as much as government policy -- it will not stop . 
  no developed country can shut the door on all refugees , all foreign husbands and wives , and all skilled workers . 
  britain is highly unlikely even to keep out the unskilled . 
  though they have been largely forgotten , many foreign workers toiled in the fields of lincolnshire and the food-processing factories of the midlands even before britain opened its doors to east europeans in 2005 . 
  some of those workers came in under a programme known as the seasonal agricultural workers scheme , or saws . 
  if britain ends up leaving the european economic area and shutting down automatic free movement from the eu , farmers will lobby hard for a saws 2 . 
  they will undoubtedly get their way . 
  as immigrants and their children multiply and disperse , the britons who most dislike immigration will disappear . 
  old britons voted to leave the eu in far greater numbers than young ones ; the uneducated were much keener on exit than the educated . 
  britain is growing older , but this particular cohort of thinly educated old people ( call it the ukip cohort ) is ageing out of the population . 
  it will be replaced by successive cohorts that are more ethnically diverse and highly educated . 
  in the early 1960s only 15 % of school children got at least five good o-levels ; today more than two-thirds get at least five good gcses and almost half of young people go to university . 
  so britain will gradually change . 
  while you wait for that to happen , though , remember that it is not at present a racist or intolerant country . 
  britons ( including old , white , working-class britons ) might dislike immigration , but they tend also to dislike racism and discrimination . 
  eurobarometer , which obsessively polls europeans on their prejudices , consistently finds that britons are unusually relaxed about the idea of having a non-white political leader or non-white co-workers . 
  the most recent poll , in 2015 , found that only swedes were as calm as britons at the prospect of one of their children dating a muslim . 
  the vote to leave the eu was not a nativist revolution , as nativists fervently hope and liberals fear . 
  it was more a desperate lashing out against the inevitable transformation of british society -- the past kicking against the future . 
  the kick hurt a lot . 
  but the fight only ends one way . 
   i was reading the guardians todays , lots of people were talking in the comment about how they are stuck in 0 hours contract jobs in the uk ( a country that , indeed , has reform ) . 
  they can not plan anything for the future ( family , housing , cars , loans , travels ... ) , can be fire for no reasons with no warning . 
  because they can be fire so easily they are afraid to complain when their boss ask them to do more for nothing , harass them , ask them not to take breaks ...   but `` yeeeeeah '' like they like to say in the british parliament , unemployment figures are low . 
  it only costs them job security , something essencial for people to thrives outside work . 
  i wonder why they have so little kids per family unlike us . 
  well , the figures suggest that those in zero hours contracts are generally satisfied . 
  there are obviously exceptions . 
  secondly , there 's a trade off to be made here . 
  either one can have lots of full time jobs ( but greater unemployment ) or a more flexible/less secure/slightly more zero hours labour market ( like ours ) and less unemployment . 
  on the kids things , it 's hard to say whether there 's a correlation/relationship between the labour market and the number of children per family . 
  i 'd suspect there is n't that much of an effect . 
  should also add , i was so surprised when a friend at sg said french bankers have unions . 
  the supply/demand dynamics mean the price is going to probably get more expensive . 
  secondly , few economists think that free tuition/uni is a good idea . 
  thirdly , there are positives from the increase in fees . 
  uni 's are investing a lot more in facilities ( it , labs , accommodation ) . 
  although , in some cases vc pay has risen ( unjustifiably ) as well . 
  seems so , or they had little lose so thought fuck it . 
  yet , they 'll probably end up sticking it to themselves . 
  well , i ca n't see a majority of jobs going abroad or this being as bad as 2008 . 
  however , the concern is longer term . 
  firstly , there seems to be little chance of a `` bonfire of regulation '' ( as per the fca 's chief 's comments ) as well as other sources - that could have been one way to remain competitive . 
  secondly , the passporting rights as you pointed out . 
  thirdly , there 's the inability for the uk to now influence the regs ( which we will probably have to abide by ) . 
  previously , mr hill was the voice of the city . 
  also , bare in mind banks want to cut costs , salaries in frankfurt/paris/dublin ( generally ) seem lower so this could add to their reasons to relocate them . 
  the bcg report also suggested more than just trading roles could be at risk , which did surprise me a bit . 
  it 's true , if there 's a slowdown might mean people skip that daily coffee ( for example ) more often . 
  multiply that by hundreds of people ( to varying degrees ) and it obviously has knock on effects . 
  this was clear in the oil price slowdown , obviously bp took a hit , but some of the worst implications were on smallish businesses e.g. 
  one in cambridge springs to mind , they provide ( d ) aerial geological scanning or something . 
  quite simply , the effects add up and can have far reaching consequences . 
  ultimately , less business in london is likely to mean lower tax receipts . 
  that either means greater cuts or higher taxes . 
  guess the `` fuck you '' could end up simply being a middle finger in ones mirror . 
  london could lose its position as europe 's strongest financial centre if the uk does not remain a member of the european economic area when it leaves the eu , according to a report from pwc , the professional services firm . 
  pwc said `` passporting '' rights , which give uk-based financial institutions access to the rest of the single market , are a key factor in london 's success as an international financial centre , but warned that the uk is likely to lose this benefit if it leaves the eea . 
  eea members contribute to the eu budget and accept eu regulations and the free movement of labour , requirements which could make membership `` a difficult outcome to achieve politically , '' pwc added . 
  according to pwc 's financial services attractiveness indicator , the loss of passporting rights would see london fall into second place in the league table behind dublin , and narrow the gap with other eu cities such as paris and luxembourg . 
  the report added , however , that the indicator does not consider factors such as `` the appeal of different cities and regions as a place to live . '' richard boxshall , pwc senior economist , said : london 's position as an international financial centre is not by any means purely dependent on eu passporting . 
  other factors such as access to skills and a strong and stable legal system should see it remain as a leading global financial hub in the years ahead . 
  but the potential loss of eu market access poses a challenge for many financial services firms . 
  business leaders based in london should focus their efforts on lobbying uk government and eu politicians to retain as much eu access as possible , including retaining eu passporting rights the referendum result also encouraged pwc to cut its growth projections for the uk economy . 
  the firm cut forecasts for gdp growth from 1.9 per cent to 1.6 per cent for 2016 , and from 2.3 per cent to 0.6 per cent next year .
