  there 's something that people think makes legislation/regulation better simply because it 's * their * legislation/regulation, 
  nothing wrong with this . 
  the us has seemingly gone against the open skies treaty . 
  it 's merely trying to hold the us to account for a treaty it agreed to sign . 
  do n't have referendums on trade deals . 
  seriously , do n't things like this should be decided by elected representatives . 
  you 're right re . 
  state aid . 
  http://www.efta.int/eea/policy-areas/goods/competition-aid-procurement-ipr/state-aid i 'm not sure re . 
  ecj judgements tbf ( thought justice is one area norway 's eea agreement excludes ) but then there is the efta court . 
  they were told they can have their cake and eat it . 
  not really the eu by backdoor - but arguably single market by back door . 
  also , re . 
  eea - you can make your own trade deals . 
  on laws , it seems the uk will keep many of the eu regs in place to facilitate trade of goods and services . 
  she does n't really have a mandate to the tory membership . 
  it 's arguably more damaging electorally if a `` proper brexit '' occurs and ends up damaging their brand as the party of economic competence ( and perhaps pragmatism ) . 
  britain will have to accept eu rules including free movement `` without exception or nuance '' if it wants to retain full access to the single market , jean-claude juncker has said . 
  the european commission president 's comments are a setback to hopes that britain might be able to retain free trade with eu member states while imposing some restrictions on european immigration . 
  he said that his position remained the same as the day after the brexit vote : `` no access to the internal market if you do not accept the rules -- without exception or nuance -- that make up the internal market system . '' they echo comments by president hollande of france after talks with theresa may last week that britain has a choice : `` to remain in the single market and then assume the free movement that goes with it '' or to `` have another status '' . 
  no access to the internal market if you do not accept the rules -- without exception or nuance jean-claude juncker , european commission president mr juncker denied that he was taking a harsh stance . 
  `` it 's not a hard line , it 's common sense . 
  it reflects the philosophy of the european project itself , '' he told french television . 
  he conceded that mrs may 's government can decide when to begin the formal process of pulling out of the eu . 
  `` i would have liked the uk to present us with its resignation letter as soon as possible , because i would have expected that the british , especially those who wanted to leave the eu , would have prepared themselves for this possibility , '' he said . 
  `` well , that was n't the case . '' the two-year process of exiting the european union will begin when the uk government notifies the european council of its intention to leave under article 50 of the lisbon treaty . 
  mrs may has said that it will not happen this year , as the government agrees its negotiating position . 
  take . 
  back . 
  control . 
  out of interest , what 's the coverage been like in bulgaria ? 
  amongst many other things . 
  great vid . 
  fanatic is mild . 
  yeah agree , there also needs to be some element of pragmatism . 
  we 're so obviously not going to get everything that leave campaigned on . 
  some management of expectations is needed . 
  yeah kinda similar to raab 's article earlier . 
  more concerning for me is that i get the impression that she thinks this whole thing comes down to confidence . 
  as if it 's one big fucking game of poker where we be confident ( and perhaps ) bluff our way to decent terms . 
  `` brexit means brexit '' says the prime minister , theresa may -- but what , exactly does brexit mean to her ? 
  for those who voted brexit it means leaving the eu , resulting in the return of the uk 's sovereign powers of government and restored control of britain 's borders . 
  brexiteers alarmed that mrs may was a remainer , albeit a tepid one , initially took some comfort from her `` brexit is brexit '' declaration , which signalled that the vote to leave the eu was inviolable . 
  yet that still leaves much scope for mischief . 
  while unsustainable immigration levels are fuelled by global pressures , britain ca n't control immigration policy while subject to the eu rule giving citizens of one member state the right to live and work in any other . 
  the eu insists , however , there can be no access to the single market without accepting this free movement of people . 
  we can be pretty sure that the british and european establishment is bent on devising ways in which , while observing the letter of leave , the uk retains the supposed economic benefits of eu membership while masking the continued hobbling of british sovereignty . 
  this anxiety has been heightened by mrs may 's repeated claim that the british people want to see `` some controls '' on movement of individuals from the eu to the uk . 
  no , they most certainly do not . 
  those who voted brexit want complete british control over immigration . 
  `` some '' controls means only `` some '' democracy . 
  that means no democracy . 
  such concerns were further heightened by the proposal the eu is reportedly considering of a seven-year brake on free movement . 
  the response from leading brexiteers has been predictably savage . 
  just as you ca n't have `` some '' democracy , you ca n't have a mere seven-year holiday from embedded foreign control and call that the return of sovereign national government . 
  these and other similarly jesuitical formulations to square the migration/single market circle all amount to democracy-lite : a hollow fa\u00e7ade of independence without power . 
  remainers say there 's no alternative if britain is to stay within the single market . 
  the red line for brexit voters , however , is not the single market . 
  it is being able to rule ourselves and make our own policies . 
  remainers , though , start from the assumption that britain has a poor hand to play in negotiations with the eu . 
  on the contrary , its member states need us more than we need them . 
  they sell more to us than we do to them . 
  vindictive tariff wars would hit their own car makers , farmers and winemakers . 
  they are terrified of the competition for trade that an independent britain will pose . 
  so it 's excellent that liam fox is already lining up trade deals with australia , new zealand and the us . 
  such enthusiasm abroad will strengthen britain 's already strong hand in the eu negotiations . 
  a strong hand requires confidence . 
  yet remainers have no confidence in their country . 
  the imf , which previously warned brexit could devastate the british economy , now predicts uk growth next year will be stronger than in germany or france . 
  regardless of this , remainers still insist that brexit is already proving an economic disaster . 
  they are still disdaining brexit voters as being too stupid to have understood the issues . 
  if mrs may does n't show absolute confidence that britain can go it alone she will undermine britain 's otherwise strong negotiating position they simply find it impossible to accept there can be any reasonable argument against the liberal internationalist view of the world . 
  crucially , they ca n't acknowledge that the democratic argument is of overwhelming importance to brexiteers : remainers do n't rate democracy as that important . 
  they therefore ca n't grasp that the referendum was n't just an argument over narrow self-interest . 
  despite the inescapable uncertainties arising from the unprecedented nature of britain 's decision to leave the eu , both sides have been more deeply and passionately engaged in this than in any other issue in living memory . 
  it goes to the heart of their view of themselves in the world : the nature of the collective project with which they identify and what that says about their personal values . 
  remainers think of themselves as european rather than british . 
  they tend to be emphatic in their belief in british powerlessness and vituperative in their denunciations of brexiteers as bigoted and ignorant . 
  those who voted leave have a deep attachment to britain , whose history and culture defines their political identity , and a passionate desire to restore its independence as a nation over whose sovereign laws the people have their democratic say . 
  does mrs may really understand the significance of this great revolt against an entire political establishment ? 
  what she actually thinks is still shrouded in ambiguity . 
  we do n't know whether she will keep faith with those who voted brexit or seek somehow to undermine it . 
  if she does n't show absolute confidence that britain can go it alone , even outside the single market , she will undermine britain 's otherwise strong negotiating position . 
  however bullish messrs davis and fox may be in attempting to negotiate brexit terms and trade deals , they will be cut off at the knees if the prime minister suggests weakness though her willingness to compromise on brexit 's red lines . 
  she has already done so . 
  she must stop . 
  if she fails to respect the passionate desire for self-government expressed by more than 17 million citizens , she will not only damage british interests and harm her own reputation . 
  she may also end up destroying the conservative party she now so unexpectedly leads . 
  there was some polling on the economics . 
  people were ok with there being a cost - but did n't expect it to be on their own pocket/would be on other people . 
  basically , it 's cool so long as i do n't pay . 
  well , it 's more as the uk did n't exercise it during the blair years so it 's not even a new brake - rather an opportunity to exercise something we did n't previously . 
  because economic reality beckons . 
  the number one reason was ( supposedly ) `` sovereignty '' followed by immigration . 
  secondly , there 's rumours of a 7 yr brake on immigration . 
  that might be a start to placating some concerns . 
  mate , it 's been a painful 6 months . 
  truly bizarre to try join tpp . 
  was this article or random comment ? 
  thing is , he 's evidently not daft .
