  the head of the fca suggested there would be no bonfire of regulation . 
  secondly , many want to keep the bonus cap intact to achieve regulatory parity in order to facilitate trade of services . 
  thirdly , `` the city wants no rules '' - is n't really true ( anecdotally ) . 
  i work private side and some friends are on public side . 
  generally there 's an acceptance that there needs to be some regulations . 
  question is around where/to what extent . 
  they had one sensible article last week . 
  but seems they 've gone back to shitposting . 
  ireland too . 
  but yeah , netherlands is probably the most secretive and worst on the whole, 
  yeah they are having to cut costs and increase capital a lot ( like many other banks ) . 
  still , appreciate the link re . 
  the us tests . 
  did n't even know santander had around 10k employees in the us . 
  that 's us units . 
  i was referring to the eu stress tests released last friday to clarify . 
  equity value does n't necessarily imply the health of a bank . 
  it 's more an indicator of future earnings . 
  secondly , db did ok in the recent stress tests . 
  it 's hard to tell in uk subs these days, 
  there 's a lot of misinformation in this thread, 
  investment banks do n't really benefit that much . 
  might get fees for the work ( valuation/financing/dd ) . 
  pe buyers may benefit from buying these distressed assets . 
  in the case of the greek railways they seemed unsustainable , huge pensions , huge salaries . 
  going in to the hands of pe firm is probably not the worst thing for them . 
  later , from the safety of retirement , denis healey would call it a `` pyrrhic defeat '' . 
  the international monetary fund loan to britain in 1976 came with fiscal conditions that a labour chancellor of the exchequer could accept only with a grimace . 
  behind the hammy remonstrations , he relished the political cover for cuts he had tried to press on colleagues . 
  the retrenchment , and his commitment to monetary targets , put an ailing keynesian consensus out of its misery . 
  three years would pass before margaret thatcher became prime minister but thatcherism , in some of its essentials , had begun . 
  and so had a period of sound government that may still be with us . 
  in the 1980s , the state unclogged the economy and stopped co-governing with trade unions . 
  in the 1990s , inflation was lastingly tamed and the euro elegantly dodged . 
  in the noughties , investment closed the gap between private affluence and public squalor . 
  with its blend of looseness and generous in-work benefits , britain 's labour system , so dysfunctional in the 1970s as to raise questions of national governability , is now the surviving glory of a slandered third way . 
  when unemployment dropped below 5 per cent last month , ex-ministers spread across three political parties and five decades of service could be excused a cluck of self-satisfaction . 
  they should certainly not wait for praise . 
  the great coup of the anti-politics movement was the popular rejection of the eu in june . 
  the next most impressive feat is to make it feel like a sordid apostasy to say what is plain : britain has been governed reasonably well for 40 years now . 
  the fruits have not fallen to all citizens . 
  those in low-paid work or no work at all , in deindustrialised towns and stone-dead resorts , can not be begrudged their animus for the governing class and its liberal bromides . 
  politicians overrated what education and training could do to prime these communities for new and complex kinds of business . 
  they talked a better game about regional balancing than their policy levers , or even a passing acquaintance with british economic history , could ever warrant . 
  in these places , memories of the pre-healey world are romantic , not shiver-inducing . 
  failure in the particular does not , however , establish failure overall . 
  we know what that looks like : 20 per cent inflation , industrial pandemonium , and a per capita income substantially lower than the average of france , germany and italy . 
  the time to tar and feather our rulers was the 1970s , when many in the troika of government , big business and organised labour really were insouciant about national decline as long as it preserved them as the corporatist powers in the land . 
  since then , britain has seen a recovery in wealth and prestige that looks inevitable only in retrospect . 
  david smith 's book something will turn up , published last year , charts the change and shows how much it owed to provocative decisions and the hinge decade of the 1970s . 
  on rampant form , populists are currently having it both ways . 
  they credit elites with an omnipotence that makes them culpable for all failures : the financial bubble before 2008 , the underestimation of britain 's lure to workers from an expanded eu , the iraq war , the malaise in its coastal towns and rust belt . 
  but gradual overall enrichment , falling crime and industrial peace are all fatherless achievements somehow . 
  ask demagogues to account for the progress on these fronts , and the puppet masters they malign suddenly become ceremonial nonentities who merely sit atop the impersonal tide of history . 
  steady growth in national prosperity is spun as the natural way of things . 
  the elites are everywhere and nowhere , depending on argumentative convenience . 
  the double standard extends to the eu , which is simultaneously the source of all earthly nuisances and marginal to britain 's convalescence from old economic diseases since joining in 1973 . 
  many eurosceptics believe two things that can not be true at the same time : britain can thrive on its own , and the people who decide everything that goes on within it are semi-corrupt fools . 
  each dose of happy news is cheered as proof of this country 's qualities in the face of so much downer talk . 
  but it must also prove that the establishment either determines very little or is made up of competent people of good faith , after all . 
  both theories are plausible but logic does not allow for a third : the well-run country under lousy management . 
  politicians , bureaucrats , central bankers and their institutions have done a reasonable job during the lifetime of the median citizen , who was born in 1976 . 
  britons must face the truth about their elites , however pleasant it is . 
  in the days after the brexit vote , a favourite taunt of leavers was to tell those who were warning of the difficulties of brexit that such critics were `` in denial '' and were indulging in `` wishful thinking '' . 
  brexit meant brexit and it was now inevitable . 
  but it is now evident that it is the brexiteers who are denying the challenges of reality and wishfully thinking away the problems they now face . 
  the canadian diplomat jeremy kinsman has a scathing phrase for the predicament of the pro-brexit uk government . 
  the brexiteers , the former high commissioner to the uk and ambassador to the eu , observed , `` are the dog that caught the bus : they had n't thought what to do next '' . 
  the uk government does not know what to do about brexit . 
  this is not a rhetorical exaggeration , it is a statement of fact . 
  as the foreign affairs parliamentary select committee reported recently ( paragraph 19 ) : `` the previous government 's considered view not to instruct key departments including the [ foreign and commonwealth office ] to plan for the possibility that the electorate would vote to leave the eu amounted to gross negligence . 
  it has exacerbated post-referendum uncertainty both within the uk and amongst key international partners , and made the task now facing the new government substantially more difficult . '' ( the committee , at paragraph 17 , also generously adopted the view of this blog that it is not so much that the uk government does not have a plan for brexit -- it does not even know what is to go into a plan . ), 
  the scale of the brexit task ahead is becoming plain , even if there is still shapelessness in policy . 
  many would say the job is impossible , at least in the short to medium term . 
  take for example the need for an exit agreement with the eu . 
  in the memorable example of gus o\u2019donnell , former cabinet secretary and head of the civil service : greenland , population less than croydon , one issue -- fish , and it still took three years for it to leave what was then the eec . 
  there is no sensible reason to believe that the uk could extract itself from the eu ( a more complex entity than the eec ) in the two years envisaged by article 50 . 
  this is no surprise : article 50 was never intended to be a practical provision . 
  it was there just for decoration . 
  it was an ornament , not an instrument . 
  according to reuters , the former italian prime minister giuliano amato is quoted as saying : `` i wrote article 50 , so i know it well , '' amato told a conference in rome , saying he had inserted it specifically to prevent the british from complaining that there was no clear cut , official way for them to bail out of the union . 
  `` my intention was that it should be a classic safety valve that was there , but never used . 
  it is like having a fire extinguisher that should never have to be used . 
  instead , the fire happened . '' another person claiming credit for article 50 ( you would think no one would want to admit to authoring the provision ) is the british diplomat lord kerr . 
  he explains that it was inserted into the lisbon treaty as a sop to the eurosceptic media . 
  regardless of who wrote the provision , no one can say that it provides a feasible process : the departing member state may have the immense advantage of setting the timing of the notification ; but then the see-saw reverses dramatically , giving the remaining member states a near-absolute advantage in negotiating position . 
  any extension of the two-year period can not be taken for granted , and so unless an agreement can be reached in less than two years , the member state is ejected . 
  it would be a weird and unworkable way to deal with a complex negotiation of the nature required . 
  article 50 may have `` worked '' as a work-around negotiation ploy for amato and kerr but it does not work as a legal framework . 
  this is why any brexit may perhaps be by a new treaty rather than by the unfit-for-purpose article 50 . 
  but this would create new problems . 
  most notably , it could require a fresh referendum in the uk . 
  it would also need unanimity by the remaining member states . 
  then there are the international trade agreements that the brexiteers say the uk should enter with the rest of the world . 
  there are many difficulties here . 
  the uk has no trade negotiators ; the rest of the world will want to see what the uk-eu arrangement is before committing to a trade deal ; and britain has a weak and needy negotiating position . 
  such negotiation is as hard-headed an exercise as one can imagine , and the inexperienced uk ministers and officials will be lambs wandering into a slaughterhouse . 
  the competency of the british government to negotiate high-value complex commercial agreements on important matters at speed and under media pressure against unsentimental counter-parties can be summed up in three letters : pfi . 
  the deals are disasters waiting to happen . 
  it can not even be taken for granted that the uk will have an easy ride becoming a world trade organisation member in its own right .
