  `` the main focus is to build up our trade-negotiation capacity , '' he said . 
  `` i do n't want to understate the scale of what we need to do . '' last night a brexit department spokesman said : `` we are recruiting staff and will employ the best available to carry out the work . '' \u2022 jo johnson was reappointed minister for universities and science yesterday . 
  as of last night , a minister for small business , previously anna soubry , had not been appointed . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/4nmu3g/australian_senator_paterson_urges_britain_to_vote/d45f693 did say this would be an issue - they 've gone very quiet now, 
  before the referendum , economists were in near-unanimous agreement that a vote to leave would hit the economy . 
  and as predicted , the past three weeks have been torrid . 
  the pound has fallen by one-tenth against the dollar ; the ftse 250 , an index of domestically focused firms , is down . 
  alongside the now-familiar turmoil in financial markets , there is growing evidence that the real economy is slowing . 
  it is not easy to assess the economic impact of brexit , because official data are published with a long lag . 
  the first official estimate of gdp growth in the third quarter will not come out until late october . 
  in this section the irresistible rise of theresa may twist or split building the brexit team the nuclear option straws in the wind explaining the brexit vote travels in theresa may country reprints related topics theresa may london european economy financial markets the pound but there is a smorgasbord of other indicators of economic activity -- in particular , data `` scraped '' from the internet -- which occur at a higher frequency than official data are published . 
  none of the observations is robust on its own . 
  but together , they hint at how the british economy is doing after brexit . 
  it is not all doom . 
  consumer spending seems to be holding up . 
  opentable , a restaurant-booking website , showed a drop in reservations during the referendum , as people made time to vote or watch the coverage . 
  after the next weekend , however , reservations were back to normal . 
  shoppers have not been too affected , either . 
  sales at john lewis , a department store , which has published weekly figures to july 9th , are up on previous years . 
  the number of people entering shops , a decent proxy for retail spending , has not much changed since the referendum , according to data from footfall , a consultancy . 
  supermarkets are not aggressively discounting , finds mysupermarket , a price-comparison site . 
  tesco , britain 's biggest , had 23.7 % of products on promotion on july 8th , down from 24.8 % just before the referendum . 
  all this chimes with what economists predicted -- that consumer spending would hold up . 
  over half of voters plumped for brexit , after all , so they should be happy shoppers . 
  an economic slowdown does not immediately pinch people 's pockets . 
  instead , the assumption was that investment would be whacked . 
  companies would put off big decisions on capital spending or recruitment , given the uncertainty about the future of the economy . 
  it looks a fair prediction . 
  firms already seem more reluctant to take on new staff . 
  data from adzuna , a job-search website with over 1m listings , suggest that in the week to july 8th there were one-quarter fewer new jobs than in the first week of june . 
  part-time roles appear to have been particularly hit . 
  scotland , which was already near recession because of low oil prices , is suffering most . 
  while some britons struggle to find new jobs , others may be losing theirs . 
  a bank of england paper from 2011 analysed google as a window into the labour market . 
  searches for `` jobseekers '' ( as in jobseekers ' allowance , an unemployment benefit ) have historically been correlated with the unemployment rate . 
  in the first fortnight in july , britons searched for that word about 50 % more frequently than in may . 
  this suggests that unemployment is now 5.3 % , not the official rate of 5 % ( last recorded for the three months to april ) . 
  businesses are cutting investment , too . 
  on funding circle , a peer-to-peer loans website for small firms , the volume of lending is about 10 % lower so far in july than it was in the same month last year . 
  the number of planning applications -- for permission to expand premises , say -- is another decent proxy for investment spending . 
  though there is a lag in registrations , a tally of applications in london boroughs in the week after brexit currently stands at one-third below their level a year before . 
  the tail-off in planning may be linked to a slowdown in the housing market . 
  data scraped from zoopla , a property website , suggest that of about 6,000 london properties listed from june 24th to july 11th , roughly 1,000 have had their price cut since the referendum . 
  a survey by the royal institution of chartered surveyors published on july 14th , which accounts for the post-referendum period , shows a sharp fall in inquiries from homebuyers . 
  interactive : integration within the european union what of the export boom resulting from the weak pound , as brexiteers predict ? 
  there is some evidence that flight bookings into britain have risen . 
  and the headline on netease , a chinese web portal , is bullish : `` pound falls to 31-year low . 
  time to bargain-hunt for british homes ? '' . 
  but although it is difficult to assess the overall impact on exports , there is little to suggest a bonanza is on the way . 
  british export competitiveness has not improved as much as the fall in sterling implies , because one-quarter of the value of british exports contains imports -- which are getting pricier . 
  analysis by the economist of data provided by pricestats , a consultancy that scrapes prices from online retailers , suggests annualised inflation since the vote has been above the bank of england 's 2 % target . 
  in any case , research shows little evidence that currency depreciations lead to increased market share in exports , particularly for a country like britain which competes mainly on `` non-price '' factors such as quality and customer service . 
  now the slowdown is taking shape , the authorities must respond . 
  theresa may , the new prime minister , has made encouraging noises about a fiscal stimulus , though with the budget deficit already at about 4 % of gdp she does not have much room to manoeuvre . 
  on july 14th the bank of england surprised markets by holding interest rates at 0.5 % ; most analysts had expected a cut . 
  a future reduction can not be far away : as the economy slows , it will soon need all the help it can get . 
  supporters of the british decision to leave the european union sometimes speak of it as a revolution . 
  if so , will it turn out to be 1789 , when the french revolution overturned the european order , or 1848 , when the revolutionaries failed and europe 's old regimes reasserted themselves ? 
  if last month 's vote corresponded to the storming of the bastille in 1789 , the revolution still has a long way to run . 
  the referendum is only the beginning of a long , possibly difficult voyage to an uncertain destination . 
  and the parallels with revolution are n't necessarily comforting for the winning side . 
  whether they succeed or fail , revolutions often consume those who start them . 
  the `` successful '' revolution that began in 1789 destroyed not only the leaders of the old order , but also many of those supporting a new one . 
  less violently but still dramatically , prime minister david cameron has already pledged to step down . 
  the leaders of the leave campaign inside the conservative party -- justice secretary michael gove and former london mayor boris johnson -- have also seen their political fortunes seriously damaged . 
  and the process has hardly started . 
  there are some potentially very turbulent waters ahead for mr. cameron 's successors to navigate after a referendum won with the support of an uneasy coalition of voters . 
  a minority of brexit advocates , like messrs. gove and johnson , depicted the eu as an obstacle to a more freewheeling , buccaneering , open-market economy . 
  a majority appeared to be motivated by very different concerns : that the u.k. 's openness , particularly to immigration from elsewhere in the eu , was depressing wages , damaging job prospects and putting pressure on public services . 
  read more from stephen fidler u.k. ca n't bank on eu 's rationality in talks after vote , british exit could be faster than most think u.k. 's vote sets off shockwaves across europe the first group embraces free markets and economic disruption ; the latter are reacting in part to globalization and believe their lives have been disrupted enough already . 
  if the widespread prereferendum forecasts of an economic downturn prove right , the latter group may also be worst hit by reduced job prospects and cuts in public spending . 
  in these circumstances , there is a risk they become further disaffected . 
  particularly after a campaign in which the competence of the bank of england , treasury and other leading government departments were attacked , some british politicians and officials worry about permanent damage to british politics and trust in government institutions . 
  there are other pitfalls . 
  the smoothest exit from the eu -- and the one that would entail the least economic disruption , according to numerous economic models -- would be for the u.k. to join the european economic area , along with norway . 
  if that could be negotiated , it would leave the u.k. inside most of the single market in goods and services . 
  but there are well-known drawbacks to this : the u.k. would have to accept most eu rules without having any input into them , pay into the eu budget , and accept free movement of people from other eu countries , or at least a large measure of it . 
  it is hard to reconcile that arrangement with the sovereignty arguments for leaving and specifically the wishes of many conservative party supporters who voted leave because they `` want their country back . '' the implicit alternative to the eea , and the one that gives the british government most control over immigration , is to step away from the european single-market architecture altogether . 
  that would most likely involve trying to negotiate a free-trade deal with the eu and then , after exit , a series of trade deals with other countries . 
  but economists say that would entail a much more serious hit to the economy . 
  so there is a dilemma between reconciling the wishes and expectations of the pro-brexit voters with the outcomes that most economic analyses suggest would do the least damage to their economic well-being . 
  as the world waits for the vote of conservative party members that will decide the next prime minister , the british government and civil service will be laying out these options and gearing up for divorce with the eu . 
  the widespread assumption among u.k. officials is that it is unimaginable that the separation wo n't go ahead . 
  yet over more than 40 years of u.k. membership , the british economy has become intimately intertwined with the rest of the eu . 
  parting will be like separating conjoined twins , one senior european official says . 
  the enormous difficulty of divorce and the economic damage many expect to become increasingly apparent over time are reasons why some people still think or hope that the u.k. , in the final analysis , wo n't go ahead and do the deed . 
  that would suggest 1848 , rather than 1789 . 
  yet , in different ways , europe was transformed by the events of both years . 
  wherever the process begun by the referendum leads , the u.k. and europe will be deeply marked by it for many years to come . 
  it 's more implicit from many of the voters . 
  national sovereignty - harder to achieve in a globalised world where io 's and markets mean pooling of it or constraints on politicians b. ), 
  reduced migration - capital and people flows are quicker - borders are more porous . 
  c. ) protest vote - e.g. 
  against stagnation of wages or inequality, 
  i like that term , brexiters paradox, 
  the uk 's vote to leave the eu has sparked fears that asset managers will lose their voice during negotiations to redraw europe 's capital markets . 
  jonathan hill , the former european commissioner who was the driving force behind the project known as the capital markets union , stepped down from his role after the uk voted in favour of brexit . 
  his replacement , valdis dombrovskis , a latvian politician , has vowed to continue mr hill 's work on the cmu , which is aimed at reducing europe 's reliance on bank funding and removing obstacles for investors in europe 's capital markets . 
  however , there are concerns that with mr hill 's departure , the project could be delayed or altered , leaving asset managers sitting on the sidelines . 
  james hughes , brussels deputy head at cicero , the lobbying group , said : `` the cmu is n't going to die because jonathan hill is stepping down .
