  the firm said quarterly growth could fall to around zero in the last quarter of this year and start of next year , but expects the country to `` narrowly avoid a recession . '' pwc 's outlook for 2017 is even more negative than the imf , which also cut growth forecasts for the uk earlier this week . 
  also : link to graph : https://next-geebee.ft.com/image/v1/images/raw/https%3a%2f%2fimage.webservices.ft.com%2fv1%2fimages%2fraw%2fhttps%253a%252f%252femail-platform-ftcom-manual.s3.amazonaws.com%252f633511ce-4289-4b0a-96a5-437059a46526%3fsource%3dft-email-manual%26width%3d1024%26fit%3dscale-down?source=next&amp;fit=scale-down&amp;width=600, 
  twenty years ago i had lunch in london with a senior civil servant . 
  this was at the tail-end of the decadent london lunching era and , after a lot of wine , he asked me what i thought of the minister he worked for . 
  i said i 'd interviewed the minister and he seemed a nice bloke . 
  `` the man '' , said the civil servant , leaning across the table for emphasis , `` is an animal ! '' anyone who remembers the 1980s television comedy series yes minister and yes , prime minister knows that british civil servants and ministers are forever locked in a silent power struggle . 
  that struggle will shape the form that brexit ultimately takes . 
  british voters chose brexit ; theresa may 's new government has promised to implement it . 
  but , in practice , civil servants will mostly sort out how exactly it is done . 
  and these people are good at getting their way . 
  in the first episode of yes , prime minister , the new prime minister , jim hacker , egged on by the government 's chief scientific adviser , concocts a whizzo scheme for a conscription army . 
  hacker , delighted with himself , exclaims : `` why did n't i think of this before ? '' and the chief scientific adviser replies : `` because we only just met . '' that 's the relationship between civil servants and their minister in a nutshell : they know more than he does . 
  all of this is wonderfully explained in a surprise bestseller that appeared in germany this year , 18 years after the death of its author , the sociologist niklas luhmann . 
  der neue chef ( `` the new boss '' ) is a collection of some of luhmann 's 1960s writings on the art of what we would now call `` managing up '' . 
  the book is quietly , almost silently humorous . 
  luhmann starts with the scenario that now faces british civil servants : the arrival of a new boss . 
  this , says luhmann , is `` one of the few exciting events in everyday bureaucracy '' . 
  luhmann advises any underling feeling awed by his boss : `` it is helpful to imagine that one 's superior has no clothes on . '' then , he says , the underling should realise that leaders lack time and capacity to lead : `` their attention has its limits too , their day too has only 24 hours ... the superior would be lost if the underlings passed all problems on to the top . '' because underlings outnumber leaders , they have more decision-making capacity . 
  this is how british ministries traditionally function . 
  the typical minister takes office knowing almost nothing about his ministry 's actual work . 
  his main aim is to avoid getting into trouble either with the prime minister or -- more importantly -- with the tabloids . 
  the civil servants ' aim is to make the big decisions . 
  chris mullin , a labour minister under tony blair , described in his 2009 memoir a view from the foothills how this works . 
  every day mullin 's private secretary would place files in his in-tray , `` usually with a little handwritten note attached , boiling the issue down to a single sentence '' . 
  each file came with the civil servants ' recommendation . 
  `` all i have to do '' , wrote mullin , `` is signify agreement or disagreement by making my mark on the top of the page . '' usually , he signified agreement . 
  the new government will have to make bigger decisions than mullin ever did . 
  brexit is the british civil service 's largest ever peacetime project . 
  a bureaucracy shrunk by the tories will now have to unpick 40 years of european law and negotiate a new relationship with the eu , while also conducting trade talks with half the world . 
  the basic question for the uk is : what kind of brexit do you want ? 
  do you want to be like norway , with full access to the european single market but no limits on european immigration ? 
  or do you want to be more like moldova , shut off from the single market but also from immigration ? 
  the politicians do n't want to make this choice , because the moldova option would mean economic decline and the norway option would upset anti-immigrant voters . 
  nor does may want to call a general election to clarify the choice . 
  that means that for the next few years , the norway-or-moldova choice will likely be made on a messy case-by-case basis by civil servants . 
  usually , the minister will just signify agreement . 
  ... senior civil servants are educated people living in london , so they probably did n't vote for brexit . 
  indeed , whitehall 's most powerful department , the treasury , made a public case against it . 
  if civil servants are left to handle the negotiations , brexit will end up looking more like norway than moldova . 
  the civil servants ' boring decisions -- for instance , on the precise legal form of any british `` immigration brake '' -- probably wo n't get much attention from britain 's true rulers , the tabloids . 
  as the ft 's political editor george parker has remarked , these papers have almost no correspondents in brussels despite their insistence that britain is run from there . 
  nor is the british public very interested in granular technocratic detail , judging by the largely fact-free campaign for brexit . 
  in yes , prime minister , the all-powerful civil servant sir humphrey ensures that hacker 's whizzo conscription scheme never happens . 
  now , by executing brexit , sir humphrey can take back control of his country . 
  whoever is the client . 
  private sector eg . 
  ftse companies , private businesses , private equity firms . 
  nhs being commissioning units or trusts . 
  ultimately , the work we do has a positive effect on citizens eg . 
  helping to monitor ae wait times as well as other kpis - this helps focus nhs/taxpayer resources . 
  it 's not screwed up , the public sector has skill gaps and ca n't do some things such as the financing of infrastructure projects or needs advice on regs for pfi/ppps . 
  well , that 's your call . 
  can probably pm you some form of verification if you really want . 
  evidently , we seem to do a good enough job to keep us in business which usually means the client is satisfied . 
  also , i have personally worked on an nhs project , yes the fees are high but in my experience , if we were n't there things would end up taking longer and be more costly . 
  probably only if there 's a total break or something or we end up with some really limited poundland style arrangement, 
  how much would you pay ? 
  interested to hear - i work at one of the firms contacted by the gov to help out . 
  pretty much this . 
  this is a unique case that 'll probably require more work as well , as there 's little precedent . 
  guess not . 
  maybe they 'll realise they 're going to fish themselves out of a job . 
  who will they blame then ? 
  ha when was this published ? 
  the new brexit unit is hiring top lawyers at up to # 5,000 a day as ministers begin spending the half a billion pounds it is thought will be needed each year to get britain out of the european union . 
  whitehall officials believe that at least 5,000 extra civil servants will have to be recruited to deal with brexit , but extra lawyers and management consultants paid on a daily basis will push the costs up further . 
  the bill could reach # 5 billion over a decade . 
  two senior partners from linklaters have been seconded to the department for exiting the european union along with management consultants from mckinsey . 
  a legal expert who has worked with government said that the linklaters lawyers would be on at least # 5,000 a day , with management consultants charging closer to # 1,000 . 
  accountants such as pricewaterhousecoopers , kpmg and ernst & young have been approached to fill the skill gaps . 
  whitehall sources said that permanent skilled trade negotiators , economists and regulators would have to be recruited in the next few months on up to # 250,000 a year to help to unravel trade agreements , draw up new ones and extricate britain from complicated brussels legislation . 
  other less experienced staff would be needed to implement and monitor the new regulations . 
  a working assumption drawn up with management consultants ' help said that between 5,000 and 10,000 extra officials would be needed across the country . 
  staff would be required at border points , to take charge of fishing quotas and to oversee farming subsidies as brussels rules expire . 
  `` that is the likely number on a very average scenario , '' said one senior official . 
  `` it will cost hundreds of millions of pounds a year , '' he added . 
  he calculated the cost at # 500 million based on an average salary of # 50,000 with as much again in pension costs , national insurance , office space and it . 
  staff will be required for the two new ministries dealing with brexit and international trade and in `` hot '' departments such as environment , the foreign office , the home office , and the newly merged department for business , energy and industrial strategy . 
  dominic cook , associate fellow of the sa\u00efd business school , oxford , which trains civil service leaders , agreed that up to 10,000 staff could be needed , including several hundred trade negotiators . 
  `` all the top accountancy firms have offered their support , '' said mr cook , formerly with bird & bird , the international lawyers . 
  `` this is the biggest transformational project the uk has ever undertaken . 
  you would need a multidisciplinary set of skills from pure commercial , financial and legal experts to economists and regulatory experts , '' he added . 
  `` they are going to be expensive -- the better ones will be # 200,000 to # 250,000 . 
  it 's going to cost billions . '' the cabinet office declined to comment beyond saying that the civil service constantly reviewed its capabilities . 
  however , whitehall experts said that staff could be redeployed from other departments instead of new staff being hired . 
  `` we need to decide what should stop , '' said one . 
  `` it is not really about overall numbers , but the specialist expertise we will need , '' said julian mccrae , deputy director of the institute for government . 
  brexiteers also believe that the government will save hundreds of millions a year when britain leaves the eu . 
  the department for environment , food and rural affairs , headed by andrea leadsom , the former tory leadership candidate , is braced for brexit , which will require replacing eu rules , quotas and subsidies with uk versions . 
  farmers have blocked eu inspectors from their land , telling them they are no longer authorised to visit , the whitehall source said . 
  he also claimed that some fishermen had burnt eu logbooks and were no longer sticking to fishing quotas in the mistaken belief that they did not matter any more . 
  yeah , i actually thought he was one of the more sensible/experienced and non opportunist brexiteers . 
  then he came out with this . 
  also , they 're really obsessed with tariffs rather than harmonisation . 
  for the record , i was questioning how people may perceive the labour market to be . 
  as you suggest , there 's various other issues that mean people are n't able to compete for jobs e.g. 
  occupational/geographic mobility of labour . 
  but , obviously , migration/migrants are a simple scapegoat . 
  where will the road to brexit end ? 
  theresa may , britain 's prime minister , travels to berlin on wednesday to meet angela merkel , germany 's chancellor , in the first leg of a political journey whose final destination remains uncertain .
