  the forecasts for gdp growth have been revised upward more significantly for europe than for the u.s. europe may even be poised to cut its debilitating tax rates . 
  europe still has weaknesses -- a weak banking union ; the lack of a mechanism to share tax revenue across countries . 
  but none of these fault lines look ready to crack this year . 
  the continent is poised for at least a cyclical comeback , not doomed to permanent crisis . 
  * mr. sharma , the chief global strategist at morgan stanley investment management , is the author of `` the rise and fall of nations : forces of change in the post-crisis world '' ( norton , 2016 ) . 
  business activity in the eurozone rose at the fastest pace in nearly six years in february , accelerating across all major economies in the single currency bloc and leading to the fastest rate of job creation in nearly a decade . 
  the closely-watched purchasing managers ' index ( pmi ) showed growth in the eurozone reaching its best level since the sovereign debt crisis in april 2011 . 
  the balance jumped to a reading of 56 last month from 54.4 in january . 
  any figure above 50 indicates growth . 
  it comes as inflation starts to pick up in the eurozone after years of deflation , with the annual rate rising to 2 per cent last month , the highest rate since january 2013 . 
  the eurozone 's unemployment rate is at the lowest level since may 2009 at 9.6 per cent . 
  chris williamson , chief business economist at ihs markit , which compiles the survey , said the pmi figures were a further sign of a `` eurozone economy starting to fire on all cylinders . '' `` growth accelerated in all of the four largest member states in february to suggest an increasingly sustainable and robust-looking upturn , '' he said . 
  the survey measures purchasing intentions , hiring , output , new orders and expectations across the manufacturing , services and construction sectors and is seen as one of the most reliable indicators of private sector growth . 
  crucially , the report shows that companies are beginning to hire again , with the pmi for employment rising to 53.8 from 53.4 , its highest level since october 2007 . business expectations indexes for the services sector and for all industries also improved at the fastest rate in nearly six years . 
  policymakers at the european central bank will also be pleased to see that the pick-up in growth was recorded across all the `` big four '' service economies , rather than just germany . 
  ihs markit said that if this economic growth in the eurozone was sustained , then the bloc would record gdp growth of 0.6 per cent in the first quarter , up from 0.4 per cent in the final three months of 2016 . 
  with stronger growth and inflation picking up sharply , fresh questions are likely to be raised about when the ecb should start to scale back its aggressively stimulative monetary policy . 
  the pmi survey said businesses were passing on higher costs to their customers as inflation picks up , with selling prices rising at the fastest pace since 2011 . 
  sometimes a landscape 's contours dissolve into the detail . 
  this is happening now amid the fracturing of the west 's liberal order . 
  brexit , donald trump , angry nationalism and populist politics -- all are closely reported and rudely debated . 
  lost to the cacophony is clear sight of just how much is at stake . 
  for all its blemishes , the post-1945 settlement ushered in a remarkable period of relative peace and prosperity . 
  we can all list the mistakes -- whether hubris in washington , corrupt politicians in europe or greedy bankers everywhere . 
  but for the most part , the story has been one of rising living standards and a spreading politics of generosity . 
  freedom has advanced in step with the absence of war between the great powers . 
  we too easily forget that there is nothing inevitable about peace or the march of democracy . 
  we might have noticed also the synergy between a rules-based world order and flourishing open societies . 
  what unites peace abroad with democracy at home is the rule of law . 
  substitute arbitrary power and states fall to war and societies slide towards authoritarianism . 
  that is why we should shiver when mr trump , the president of the world 's most powerful democracy , casually challenges the right of us judges to uphold basic freedoms and disdains international co-operation in favour of america-first nationalism . 
  the system established after 1945 was built on us power . 
  but it endured and , after the end of the cold war , expanded because us leadership was embedded in multilateral rules and institutions . 
  everyone had a stake . 
  washington sometimes over-reached -- in vietnam or with the invasion of iraq . 
  by history 's standards , however , the pax americana was essentially benign , resting as much on the force of example as military might . 
  in europe , a legacy of war between states was replaced by a system that recognised their interdependence . 
  there are lots of things wrong with the eu , but nothing at all when set against what came before . 
  compare the peace and prosperity of the second half of the 20th century with the barbarism of the first . 
  it was no accident that , once the berlin wall had come down , the freedoms available in the west of the continent were grabbed with both hands by the formerly communist nations in the east . 
  this order , of course , was the creation of the west . 
  the redistribution of power within the global system was always going to impose stresses . 
  nations such as china have been among the biggest beneficiaries of the us-led open trading system . 
  but beijing was never going to sign up to liberal democracy or forever abide by rules and institutions of exclusively western design . 
  the challenge was whether the system could be revised to accommodate the aspirations of rising states and contain the resentments of a declining russia . 
  what was not predicted was that the rich democracies would turn against their own creation , and the question would become whether they could manage the insurrections within . 
  the textbooks tell us that at moments of global transition established powers such as the us defend the status quo , while rising states such as china seek to upend it . 
  history has been turned on its head . 
  with mr trump , the us has joined the ranks of revisionist powers , threatening to surrender us global leadership in the cause of economic nationalism . 
  britain has done something similar by repudiating the eu . 
  germany and japan are almost alone in seeking to hold on to the old multilateral order . 
  the charge sheet against western elites is by now familiar enough . 
  globalisation was rigged in favour of the one per cent . 
  politicians , mesmerised by markets , conspired in the theft . 
  the incomes of the majority stagnated even as they carried the burden of post-crash austerity . 
  bankers who should be in jail are still pocketing bonuses . 
  unchecked migration has heaped cultural dislocation on to the economic insecurities wrought by technological change . 
  these grievances can not be brushed aside . 
  mr trump 's xenophobia , the vote for brexit in the uk and rising populism across europe have been fed by the complacency of a political establishment in thrall to unfettered capitalism . 
  winning back public confidence requires mainstream politicians to deploy the tools of government -- taxation , education and welfare policies , and yes , redistribution -- to balance the excesses of globalisation . 
  no one should pretend , though , that the populists have the answer . 
  protectionism impoverishes everyone . 
  demonising muslims will not make anyone safer . 
  locking out mexicans or , for that matter , polish plumbers , will not raise the living standards of workers in the us or britain . 
  closed societies are meaner , poorer and more repressive . 
  rising nationalism most typically provides a backdrop to wars . 
  memories are short . 
  in britain , the brexit vote has stirred a fashion for rose-tinted spectacles . 
  the 1950s were tough , the story goes , but communities stuck together . 
  there were jobs and opportunities for the white working classes . 
  breadline wages and slum housing , hotel signs declaring `` no dogs , no blacks , no irish '' and cabinet ministers who denounced homosexuality as a `` contagious perversion '' as dangerous as heroin addiction go unmentioned . 
  opportunity ? 
  university was for a privileged five per cent . 
  the danger with nostalgia is that it can blind you to progress . 
  the eurozone bounced back to life at the end of last year on all the three economic measures that have bedevilled the single currency bloc . 
  growth surged at a pace not bettered since early 2015 , inflation caught up close to the central bank 's target rate and unemployment dropped to a seven-year low . 
  the news masked divergences between member states , but was widely welcomed as a sign that the stuttering recovery of recent years is gathering momentum . 
  `` the strong growth print is obviously a good sign , '' fabio balboni , european economist at hsbc , said . 
  eurostat , the european commission 's statistical office , said that growth for the final three months of 2016 was 0.5 per cent , up from 0.4 per cent the previous quarter and taking annual gdp growth to 1.7 per cent . 
  both results left the eurozone lagging behind the uk , on 0.6 per cent for the quarter and 2 per cent for the year . 
  separate data showed that annual inflation soared to 1.8 per cent in january from 1.1 per cent the previous month , leaving it just shy of the european central bank 's target of below but close to 2 per cent . 
  the 19-member bloc was in deflation as recently as may and last had prices rising this quickly four years ago . 
  rounding off the positive set of releases , unemployment edged down from 9.7 per cent 9.6 per cent to hit its lowest level since april 2009 , before the region 's sovereign debt crisis struck . 
  economists had expected the eurozone to end 2016 in good shape , but the pace of inflation came as a surprise . 
  traders briefly sold off government debt as they expected an early rate rise from the ecb in response . 
  government borrowing costs , which move inversely to prices , rose one or two basis points before reversing after it emerged that the price spike was largely energy-related , because of rising oil prices . 
  energy prices leapt by 8.1 per cent after a 2.6 per cent rise in december . 
  core inflation , which strips out oil and food , was unchanged at 0.9 per cent , suggesting that pricing power in the eurozone remains very weak . 
  `` with core inflation still weak , it seems unlikely that this will cause the ecb to change course , '' bert colijn , an economist at ing , said . 
  the central bank recently increased its quantitative easing programme to $ 1.74 trillion by extending it from march to december . 
  mario draghi , the bank 's president , has said that he will look past energy price fluctuations until there is a convincing rise in underlying inflation . 
  even so , the inflation data showed that prices have shot up . 
  spain 's inflation rate in january was 3 per cent but luis de guindos , spain 's economy minister , said that he expected it to ease back in the second quarter . 
  unemployment in spain remains uncomfortably high at 18.4 per cent , with two in five young people out of work . 
  by contrast , unemployment in germany is 3.9 per cent , the lowest since reunification in 1990 . 
  recent private sector activity surveys suggest that the recovery has continued . 
  economic resilience is likely to empower the hawks at the ecb , in particular the germans , to call for an end to the stimulus . 
  others say that rising inflation may slow growth by denting consumer spending and that the region faces a series of political risks from elections in france , the netherlands and possibly italy , as well as germany at the end of the year . 
  `` we suspect the eurozone may find it difficult to sustain this momentum amid appreciable political uncertainties during 2017 , '' howard archer , economist at ihs global insight , said . 
  graph : http://feeds.thetimes.co.uk/web/imageserver/imageserver/image/methode%2ftimes%2fprod%2fweb%2fbin%2f360f45a4-e7e7-11e6-a93a-4fa396e7e4ed.png?crop=1500,1000,-0,-0&amp;resize=685,
