  and what a terrible reason it was . 
  maybe the ( depreciated ) penny will drop, 
  what a folly, 
  acting like imperialists . 
  finally they show their true colours , ignorant , arrogant and foolish . 
  i do n't think you understand investment banking . 
  london has a vibrant services economy ( marketing , law , accounting , technology , consulting etc. 
  ) , services make up 70 % or so of uk gdp . 
  bankers do n't `` invest '' . 
  banks are sell side . 
  they sell their services . 
  they sell their services to hedge funds and companies . 
  in a bank 's front office you have m&a , sales and trading , equity research and capital markets . 
  `` regular '' londoners benefit . 
  someone needs to provide food for the companies , clean the offices , lawyers need clerks/receptionists etc. 
  the uk also benefits from tax receipts . 
  i think a mix of the daily mail/the sun , a lot of tories `` banging on about europe '' as well as broader trends ( globalisation and it 's effects e.g. 
  immigration , international competition in the labour market as well as concerns about national identity ) have all culminated in this . 
  this is right . 
  i think in cowley and kavanagh 's ` the british ge of 2015 ' they note how cameron was losing support to ukip over europe . 
  so his play was to offer a referendum as a manifesto pledge . 
  bare in mind this was 2013 so he expected a hung parliament or another coalition . 
  rationale being , he could sell the tories as they only way to get this referendum and win back some of the disgruntled tories . 
  yeah even the commonwealth do n't seem that keen to trade directly . 
  they 'd prefer to go via the eu . 
  https://next.ft.com/content/3c76e90a-270e-11e6-8ba3-cdd781d02d89   the only uk officials with the skills to negotiate trade deals at present are with the commission itself . 
  even if we repatriated them all , we would struggle to put together a team of more than 25 people with the practical experience needed . 
  hiring ( and then co-ordinating ) 475 negotiators of other nationalities will require more than good luck . 
    the uk would also need politicians who understand how trade talks work so that sticking points can be resolved at a higher level when needed . 
  as far as i know , no member of the government has led any international trade negotiations . 
  the fact that michael gove , the justice secretary , widely considered one of the brightest of the brexit camp , thinks the relationship between the eu and the uk can mirror the one between the eu and albania demonstrates the enormity of the challenge . 
  you 'll like this : https://next.ft.com/content/63de3610-07b0-11e6-9b51-0fb5e65703ce, 
  agree on the regulations , westminster has a tendency to `` gold plate '' eu regs . 
  also , as a lot of academic papers/ft/economist have argued , sovereignty probably is n't best defined in an absolute sense . 
  rather , sovereignty is a more malleable and fuzzy concept whereby nations cede a degree of control in order to achieve better objectives . 
  and secondly , no country is absolutely sovereign for various reasons e.g. 
  the uk agreed to abide by one of the international courts voluntarily whilst there are other constraints on government e.g. 
  the bond market . 
  and finally the brexit camp 's retorts against economists seem to be a. they never get it right or b. they were wrong about the euro . 
  but , hardly ever is there such a consensus . 
  secondly , the models used are conditional ( more reliable ) rather than unconditional . 
  finally , one of my favourite papers on britain and europe is this : https://europeanization.files.wordpress.com/2011/03/is-britain-european.pdf garton ash basically highlights the pervasiveness of american/angosphere culture in the uk . 
  also , your comments are very insightful . 
  are you studying this or just personal interest ? 
  the argument against some european federal state is due to the lack of a shared polity and the idea that there 's no sort of ` nationhood ' . 
  i guess a federal europe would be a sort of marriage of convenience ( in the eyes of anti federalists ) . 
  but then again , that arguably was the sort of arrangement of the uk when scotland and england entered a union . 
  yeah i suppose it 's too much to ask tbh . 
  as is reading the article obviously . 
  what 's this as % of gdp ? 
  also seems to be a cumulative of annual spend . 
  it is not an eu report - its a comment piece by an economist who works for morgan stanley and is the author of a book ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/rise-fall-nations-forces-post-crisis/dp/0393248895 ), 
  the times ( uk ) has been pretty fair about growth and higher inflation returning to the eurozone, 
  ** article ** : europe 's annual crisis may come earlier than usual this year , experts suggest . 
  everyone is eyeing wednesday 's election in the netherlands , fearing a populist revolt . 
  shortly thereafter comes the french presidential election , raising the specter of a victory by the nationalist marine le pen -- and then france 's exit from the european union . 
  if frexit follows brexit , some fear it will put paid to the project of uniting europe and shock the continent 's long-sputtering economy . 
  gloomy projections for europe reflect a classic forecasting mistake , which is to extrapolate from recent trends and miss the big shifts . 
  predictions of an impending takeover by destabilizing populists overstate their momentum . 
  suggestions of the economic trouble misread the probabilities : europe has already experienced two recessions in the past eight years , and it would be unlikely for lightning to strike thrice at the same spot . 
  start with the political argument . 
  yes , right-wing populism is on the rise . 
  yet in every major country holding elections this year -- including the netherlands , france and germany -- populists are reaching the limits of their appeal . 
  their parties still lack the critical mass necessary to obtain governing majorities . 
  this is by design . 
  most postwar european constitutions created multiparty systems , in part to block extremists . 
  in the netherlands , the far-right dutch freedom party , led by geert wilders , could win a plurality of seats in parliament . 
  but mainstream parties will probably block it from forming or even joining a government . 
  a similar fate awaits ms. 
  le pen in france : the april 23 presidential race will go to a may 7 runoff , and polls show her losing regardless of which mainstream contender she faces . 
  doubters counter that no one saw brexit or president trump coming . 
  but even they performed better in surveys than ms. 
  le pen . 
  even if she miraculously prevails , enacting frexit would require her party to win the even tougher legislative elections in june . 
  meanwhile , in germany , which votes in september , the populists are nowhere in contention . 
  the political chatter obscures the bigger story , which is that europe 's economy is no longer sputtering . 
  initial figures suggest that last year , for the first time since the global financial crisis ended , western europe grew at a slightly faster pace than america . 
  economic growth of 1.7 % might sound lousy , but keep in mind that europe 's potential is severely restrained by a shrinking working-age population in countries like italy and germany . 
  crises are also forcing european politicians to reform their welfare states . 
  largely unnoticed , many countries have started to whittle back the cushy government jobs and generous benefits that for decades had defined the continent 's increasingly uncompetitive way of life . 
  sweden and finland trimmed their welfare states in the early 1990s , and germany adopted labor-market reforms in the early 2000s . 
  the crises that erupted in 2010 created new urgency , as spain and portugal cut spending in the face of their exploding debt costs . 
  there is evidence that the european welfare state has peaked . 
  government spending in the 28 eu nations hit a high in 2009 at near 50 % of gross domestic product and has since fallen to 46 % . 
  germany led with a steep drop , followed closely by spain and italy . 
  the eurozone countries now run a collective budget deficit of 1.6 % of gdp and have government debt totaling 106 % of gdp . 
  compare that with america 's deficit of 3.3 % of gdp and debt totaling 104 % of gdp . 
  the nations of southern europe are often seen as islands of fierce resistance to reform , but that stereotype is fraying . 
  spain led the latest charge , cutting government spending and cleaning up its state savings banks , which were at the center of its bad-loan problem in 2010 . 
  even italy , a country traditionally so slow to change that it can feel like an open-air museum , has cut spending to put its primary government budget in surplus . 
  the banks at the center of the greek crisis look much healthier . 
  in the past five years , european banks have reduced their debts significantly and rebuilt capital reserves . 
  lately they have started to increase lending , which has helped spur the european economy . 
  all this has made a serious difference : unemployment in the eurozone as a whole has been falling by nearly a percentage point a year since 2013 . 
  it finally dipped below 10 % in august . 
  pent-up demand is being released . 
  after the eurozone crisis began in 2010 , europeans put off purchases of just about everything . 
  car sales and residential investment had been running at two-thirds the pace seen last decade , but they are already beginning to bounce back . 
  this has not gone unnoticed in markets . 
  although the global financial market rally is often attributed to mr. trump 's victory , it is also a response to signs that the world economy is picking up speed and that a european meltdown is increasingly unlikely .
