  they ca n't simply do what they wish and expect us to go along with them . '' ralph brinkhaus , a cdu colleague of mr fuchs , said : `` you can do a hard brexit and still negotiate reasonably . 
  it would be good to start by making clear what the uk wants and what the eu wants . '' j\u00f6rg asmussen , managing director in germany of lazard , the financial advisory firm , said that a hard brexit might be easier to achieve than a soft brexit because the aims would be clearer . 
  for business an early deal was important . 
  `` as long as uncertainty persists , it is bad for investments and jobs , '' he said . 
  additional reporting by james politi in rome and guy chazan in berlin, 
  this better not change pls . 
  he has never been that enthusiastic about the eu/single market . 
  he seems to think its a capitalist club and getting out of it will help bring his socialist nirvana . 
  yeah it was very interesting . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50aaj9/the_most_dangerous_man_in_europe_agreed_to_defeat/ worth a read . 
  kind of like the uk ( well the city of london ) , we are n't offshore financial centres which are blatant tax havens . 
  we are more subtle about it . 
  theresa may 's plans to turn away tens of thousands of economic migrants posing as refugees are probably `` unachievable '' , a leading lawyer has said . 
  philippe sands , qc , a professor of international law at university college london , said that the prime minister would need to press for wider reform of the 1951 un convention to achieve the changes . 
  that itself would be `` very difficult '' ; and without it , he said , her proposals are `` devilishly difficult if not impossible '' , professor sands said . 
  his comments came as the prime minister prepares to tell a un summit in new york that there should be a better distinction between refugees and those trying to enter a country for economic reasons . 
  mrs may will tell fellow politicians that refugees should claim asylum in the first safe country they reach . 
  she will emphasise that nations have a right to control their borders and a responsibility to prevent illegal and uncontrolled migration . 
  professor sands told the bbc radio 4 today programme , however , that any changes to the convention would be `` very , very time consuming '' and `` almost impossible to achieve '' . 
  `` i can see what the purpose is , '' he added , `` but the specifics of what she wants to do are very hard to see in practice . 
  `` it indicates the difficulties in practice of taking part of the post second world war settlement , and changing it . 
  `` this is part of a broader discussion , i suspect , about that whole array of rules that were put in place in the years after the ... war , which were probably fit for purpose right then , but now need review . 
  `` you ca n't tinker with one convention without playing with a whole set of other instruments . '' professor sands said now was time for firmer ideas on amending the convention - but such ideas were not there at the moment . 
  there were already clear principles around refugees staying in the first safe country in which they arrived , but this had fallen down in practice . 
  `` as we 've seen in europe over the past couple of years , '' he added , `` it 's very difficult to work out who actually has the particular responsibility at a particular moment . 
  `` she needs to come up with very specific , hard language that can actually be incorporated either in guidelines or an amended convention . 
  `` but if it 's an amended convention that 's going to be , again , a very , very difficult thing to do , because you need 150 or more states to sign off on that . 
  `` that , as we 've seen from the events in europe in the last couple of years , is going to be very difficult to achieve . 
  `` we 're now in 2016 . 
  we 're working with a system that was put in place in the period 1945 to 1951 , for a very different world in a very different situation in terms of travels , in terms of technology , in terms of movements of people . 
  `` what is actually in issue is the entire settlement . 
  you ca n't just take a single piece of that settlement , tinker around with it a little bit and expect it would magically produce a changed situation . '' the summit is the start of two years ' negotiations on a new global policy for migration and refugees at which the un is pushing for wealthier nations such as britain to create more routes for economic migrants . 
  yes yes , but we want more of our commonwealth friends !, 
  gisela stuart would probably say that makes you an expert - remember - the only expert that matters is ** you **, 
  we did it net migration will fall !, 
  even the aus trade minister said he wants to sort an eu aus deal first saying something like the closeness to the uk is more historical, 
  european officials have pushed back against british attempts to test secretly what terms are feasible in a brexit deal , raising fears in london that its opening divorce demands will be set without any realistic guidance from the bloc . 
  top british diplomats have been sounding out european allies since august on issues including the potential for post-brexit britain to curb eu migration while remaining part of the single market , according to several senior officials approached . 
  however the overtures were knocked back , with the eu side sticking to the mantra that there will be `` no negotiation without notification '' of formal article 50 divorce talks . 
  `` they are testing , testing , testing , '' said one senior eu diplomat . 
  `` and we are saying no . '' another said : `` we talk to the brits all the time , but we will not talk about [ free movement ] . 
  no way . '' the lack of dialogue -- even at informal level -- is frustrating the british , who had hoped eu leaders gathering in bratislava on friday would use the opportunity to discuss their goals for post-brexit relations . 
  at present brexit is only one of several discussion points at the leaders ' lunch , hosted on a danube riverboat . 
  `` when we set out our negotiating position at the start of the article 50 process , we need to do so having had some informal engagement with europeans on the key issues , '' said a senior british government figure . 
  `` it is in the eu 's interest , as well as our own , that the position we set out at the start of the negotiation is grounded in reality . 
  it should n't be one that we draw up without any sense of where eu governments stand . '' the economic price for britain gaining more control over eu migration is one of the most important factors in britain 's decision on what model of brexit to pursue . 
  the eu 's flexibility will also be a crucial factor in potential transition arrangements while any trade deal is being negotiated -- a big concern since a trade agreement might only be reached long after the article 50 divorce talks are concluded . 
  theresa may , britain 's prime minister , previously told colleagues that her predecessor david cameron could have secured more free movement concessions during his pre-referendum drive for a `` new settlement '' for britain . 
  on the eu side the fear is that starting informal talks will delay the article 50 notification , avoiding a process that helps the bloc 's bargaining power . 
  officials also say it would be misleading to offer guidance on specific negotiating points without a clear idea of how close a relationship it wants to pursue . 
  donald tusk , the european council president , told mrs may this month that `` the ball is now in your court '' . 
  one senior german official said : `` we 've been tough on this and will continue to be tough on this . 
  this is a job we can not do for them . 
  we ca n't give them guidelines . 
  they have to decide what they want . 
  we can only wait . '' some other european officials fear that the eu 's common front on brexit will not hold and see angela merkel , the german chancellor , as a possible weak link . 
  but ms merkel is aware that even in berlin there are concerns over mrs may making slow progress . 
  `` from a domestic party political point of view , i understand that theresa may wants to take her time , '' detlef seif , a conservative cdu member of the bundestag eu affairs committee , said . 
  `` but from the point of view of statesmanship , this is a catastrophe ... this damages economic development and the development of the eu . '' there is some informal dialogue between london and brussels , but this has largely been confined to setting ground rules for article 50 negotiations that would avoid misunderstandings or aggressive tactics . 
  yeah same - seemed the only downside is housing . 
  i guess that is the price of being a place people want to live . 
  interestingly even the better papers e.g. 
  the guardian and the telegraph fell too . 
  at least the express fell . 
  also , no times listed, 
  was ( trying ) to mock it honestly , even the gov do not seem to know at this stage, 
   the imperial pride will finally die with it . 
  it was interesting how national identity and a sort of nostalgic view played out in the debate e.g. 
  is it not abundantly clear ? 
   we can just talk up our tax money the talk up economy or talk down britain lines were just ludicrous . 
  tbf i did n't write it - just copy pasta . 
  its symbiotic relationship with donald trump has catapulted breitbart news to the centre of american politics . 
  now the news organisation wants similar standing in the uk and europe , encouraged by the growth of grassroots support for insurgent right-wing politics . 
  in the wake of brexit , islamic terror attacks and the european refugee crisis , breitbart 's uk site has grown its audience by 135 per cent , year-on-year , to 15m monthly page views in july , making it more widely read than the spectator and vice media . 
  recent articles include uk police plan to let muslim cops wear burkas on duty and migrant crisis could spark european war , slovenian pm suggests . 
  the news organisation , which was founded a decade ago by andrew breitbart , a us political blogger , already has a website in jerusalem and is now aiming to open french and german sites before the end of the year . 
  it is also eyeing a foothold in india . 
  breitbart 's london operation also has room to grow with only eight to 10 journalists compared to about 100 in america . 
  financed by private backers , breitbart is one of a number of digital start-ups threatening traditional media . 
  in the us , it is the 34th biggest news site , with 150m page views in july , according to rankings from similar web . 
  much of its growth has come from the careful cultivation of users on social media platforms , especially facebook , where it now has 2.2 m followers . 
  as facebook 's importance grows as a platform for online news , so too does breitbart 's reach and influence . 
  the website 's founder andrew breitbart speaks at a us tea party rally in 2010 . 
  the rightwing political blogger died in 2012 \u00a9 getty breitbart 's crowning moment came last month when its chairman , stephen bannon , was hired by mr trump to run his presidential campaign . 
  but it is not clear that its taste for culture wars and laser focus on immigration will find a similar home in the mainstream of british politics . 
  there have been claims that the site is racist or that it has fed the right of the alternative right , allegations firmly rejected by breitbart london 's editor-in-chief raheem kassam , a former adviser to the outgoing ukip leader nigel farage . 
  breitbart london 's editor in chief raheem kassam , right , with former ukip leader nigel farage in 2015 \u00a9 pa he said : `` yes , we come from a certain position ; yes , we are here to talk about a certain group of people who feel left behind . 
  but equally we do not want to cut anyone out . '' it is a view backed up by breitbart 's editor in chief in washington , alex marlow . 
  `` people who call us racist are not reading the website , '' he said . 
  `` the left is trying to categorise people into groups to exploit their votes . 
  there is zero evidence that breitbart is racist . '' he added that the professed neutrality of the us media is a myth . 
  `` the new york times and the washington post pretend they are objective , but they are n't . 
  the myth that the news media is objective is being busted before our eyes , '' he said . 
  breitbart 's flow of stories on immigration and the touchstone issue of the burka in western culture do appear to resonate . 
  popular support for a ban on burkas has dipped in the past five years , but remains high at 57 per cent , according to yougov , the pollsters . 
  `` the trend is gradually downward [ but ] it 's quite rare for us to have 60 per cent saying they are in favour of anything , '' said freddie sayers , yougov 's editor-in-chief . 
  but even among ukip voters , there is scepticism about whether to focus on religious issues . 
  `` if we go down that route , we will become an obscure splinter group -- bnp-light , '' said bill etheridge , an mep and leadership contender . 
  breitbart 's editor in chief in washington , alex marlow , says : ` people who call us racist are n't reading the website ' \u00a9 getty nic newman , from the reuters institute for the study of journalism , said facebook 's emergence as a hugely popular platform for news had helped tilt the media towards extremes . 
  `` the algorithms here reward sites where content is ` shareable ' , and that means content that creates an emotional reaction of some kind -- anger , outrage , amusement , '' he said .
