  as former wto staffer peter ungphakorn points out , there is nothing simple about the uk gaining wto status post-brexit . 
  in the face of these stark problems , what has marked the first month since the referendum result is a certain lack of seriousness by the brexit government . 
  the new international trade secretary , liam fox , is reduced to boasting of the opening of three one-person trade kiosks in the us , while his remarks about the uk leaving a customs union had to be `` clarified '' by the prime minister . 
  neither the us nor the canadians are in any hurry to commence negotiations before they can see what brexit looks like . 
  there is confusion in whitehall about the remits of the three brexit departments . 
  there are desperate ( and possibly unlawful ) demands that trade deals be tied to overseas aid . 
  in an important post , charles grant has detailed the six deals the uk government has to do . 
  serious issues such as the status of eu nationals in the uk and what will happen to `` acquired rights '' on brexit have still not been addressed . 
  no one in government has a clue . 
  pro-brexit supporters demand a sudden brexit without any regard to these problems : see this bernard jenkin piece in the ft , and the comments beneath are perhaps the most brutal you will see on this website . 
  in the meantime , the hurdles to brexit are accumulating . 
  theresa may , the new prime minister , has spoken of there being a need for a uk-wide approach , and she now also wants to consult british dependencies . 
  politicians in scotland and northern ireland ( majorities in both of which voted to remain in the eu ) are alert and agile in turning the fall-out from brexit to their benefit . 
  as with the ( now seemingly abandoned ) british bill of rights , the devolution settlements and the good friday agreement are not mere after-thoughts for westminster politicians , but things that shape what can and can not be done easily by the supposedly sovereign parliament . 
  none of this is to say brexit is impossible . 
  it can be conceivably brought about if there is sufficient political skill and will-power . 
  in its rewriting of domestic law and policy and its refiguration of foreign and trade policy , brexit will be the single biggest exercise by any uk government in peace time -- and all this on top of governing a country in a period of austerity with limited public spending and a small majority . 
  and it is for an objective that few in westminster and whitehall genuinely want . 
  the 52 per cent vote for leave in a non-binding referendum will increasingly seem flimsy against the sheer magnitude of the task ahead . 
  if leave politicians were candid and realistic about the years , sweat and tears ahead , you could believe they were up to it . 
  but they maintain it is easy , and unless their attitude changes , it is this complacency that will defeat them . 
  denialism and wishful thinking are not enough . 
  david allen green , a lawyer and journalist , writes the law and policy blog for ft.com . 
  do n't think concerns re . 
  crime is about rape . 
  probably more related to fraud if there is . 
  most of the ` hate ' seems to be related to employment and anxieties re . 
  identity . 
  that 's where zlatan ibrahimovic was born right ? 
  quite a different take on populism . 
  suggests in the uk and poland at least , people seem to be taking a bit of gamble - i.e. 
  we 're growing well so nothing can stop us . 
  the wave of populism in the western world which has given us brexit , and may carry donald trump and marine le pen to power in the us and france respectively , has been compared to the social forces which drove the politics of the 1930s . 
  increasing job insecurity or unemployment in europe and the failure of median wages to rise for many years in the us are cited as the `` root causes '' of the phenomenon . 
  this is a `` social-democratic '' explanation of the current western political crisis . 
  the suggested remedies that flow from it are also predictably social-democratic : reducing job insecurity and inequality , increasing social benefits , especially for those in work , and raising taxes . 
  if you have no choice , reduce immigration before the populists do it for you . 
  however , the parallel drawn with the politics of the 1930s is overblown . 
  fascism in germany and austria and revolutionary leftism in spain thrived as a result of truly extreme economic deprivation . 
  gross domestic product in germany fell by 30 per cent after the great crash in 1929 , and unemployment reached 6m . 
  in spain the civil war was preceded by widespread hunger in the south and artillery shelling of striking miners in the north . 
  today , by contrast , the economic performance of poland and britain , the two countries that have already succumbed to the present populist wave , is well above the average in europe . 
  poland has been the eu star performer , with gdp growth of 28 per cent between 2007 and 2015 . 
  contrary to the `` social democratic narrative '' , inequality in poland has fallen . 
  the real income of the middle 60 per cent of households has increased by more than 30 per cent and unemployment is at an all-time low of 6.3 per cent on the harmonised eu definition . 
  the uk has also done quite well , with german-style gdp growth and unemployment at 5 per cent , whereas the next country in line for a populist insurgency may be the us , which has performed far better since the crisis than europe . 
  at the other end of the scale , the countries that have suffered most are not necessarily electing populists . 
  three days after the brexit vote in the uk , spanish voters increased support for mariano rajoy 's centre-right popular party , in spite of a series of corruption scandals linked to it . 
  in an even greater surprise , they gave the leadership of the left to the moderate , social-democratic socialist party in preference to the far-left unidos podemos movement . 
  yet , contrary to britain , spain has seen its gdp fall by a cumulative 8 per cent since 2007 and is hampered by unemployment exceeding 20 per cent ( 50 per cent among the young ) . 
  italy , with a similarly poor record of economic achievement has also , so far , resisted the temptation of beppe grillo 's five star movement , opting instead for the moderate left-of-centre government of matteo renzi . 
  greece is , of course , the exception that proves the rule . 
  the 25 per cent decline in gdp it has suffered is truly on the scale of the 1930s , so maybe we should not be surprised that it elected the neo-marxist syriza . 
  related article german populist blames angela merkel for munich attack local leader of afd party criticises germany 's refugee policy so what is happening , if the present populism is not correlated with unbearable misery , as it was in 1930s europe ? 
  the alternative to the social-democratic explanation is a conservative one : populists are doing well in countries that are doing well , because voters there do not believe that anything really bad can truly happen . 
  why not `` give the populists a chance '' to fulfil their promises ? 
  after all , maybe they can deliver . 
  indeed , the leaders of the brexit campaign have been decidedly pollyanna-ish in their confidence that britain will thrive , trading with the world once it throws off the shackles of brussels . 
  the law and justice party in poland has beaten the same drum : its main slogan is a straight translation from barack obama 's sunny `` yes we can '' ( `` damy rad\u0119 '' ) . 
  hardly the stuff mein kampf is made of . 
  on the other hand , voters in countries that have suffered most from the crisis know that bad things can indeed happen . 
  as a result , they have -- so far -- behaved more responsibly . 
  even the greeks re-elected syriza after it pragmatically chose austerity and reform instead of grexit . 
  unfortunately this conservative explanation is not much more hopeful than the social-democratic one in its implications for the future . 
  we may not be reliving the dark 1930s . 
  but the wishful thinking and irresponsibility of those in comparatively well-performing countries bears a uncanny resemblance to the way the nations of europe , in the sunny early august of 1914 went off singing to war , convinced that `` it will all be over by christmas '' . 
  the writer is former deputy prime minister and finance minister of poland, 
  britain has reacted frostily to the naming of michel barnier , the former french foreign minister and scourge of the city of london , as the european commission 's chief brexit negotiator . 
  the surprise nomination places an architect of europe 's post-crisis financial regulation at the helm of the technical talks for britain to leave the eu . 
  jean-claude juncker , the commission president , said he wanted an `` experienced politician for this difficult job '' . 
  the uk government 's cool response to the decision reflected heightened concerns that the commission will be an awkward negotiating partner . 
  an official statement did not mention the frenchman by name and was drafted to suggest that the commission was the least important of three interlocutors in the brexit talks . 
  `` we look forward to working with representatives from the member states , the council and the commission to ensure an orderly departure of the uk from the eu , '' a uk spokesman said . 
  some city financiers were even more scathing about the appointment . 
  one chairman said : `` my initial reaction was ` oh , god . ' it 's clearly provocative . '' `` i ca n't see how it could be worse , '' said another senior banking industry figure , who has worked in brussels . 
  `` it 's incredibly provocative . 
  this is juncker 's revenge on britain . '' mr barnier has always insisted that he went to great lengths to avoid alienating britain or the city when he was the eu 's single market commissioner from 2009 to 2014 . 
  but his interventionist instincts and gaullist style at times made him the nemesis of the uk treasury . 
  britain was outvoted for the first time on a big eu financial services law in 2013 when it objected to a revamp of bank capital rules . 
  while the leaders of germany , france and other eu member states are determined to maintain a grip on the course of brexit negotiations , the commission 's technical expertise will be invaluable during the complex talks . 
  the precise balance of responsibilities in the negotiations has yet to be set . 
  mr barnier will oversee a commission task force , rather than a department , and be advised by the officials most relevant to the brexit talks . 
  his role will be to prepare for formal exit talks under article 50 of the eu treaty and conduct negotiations with the uk once the process is triggered . 
  he will report directly to mr juncker . 
  his experience spans the range of european politics : he was france 's minister of agriculture and then foreign affairs as well as a member of the european parliament . 
  he also served two stints as an eu commissioner , covering regional policy spending and then the single market amid a torrent of post-crisis financial regulation . 
  related article interview : michel barnier in 2014 , the outgoing commissioner advised his colleagues to give brits a chance mr barnier issued 40-odd proposals on financial services that rewrote europe 's rule book for banks , markets and insurance , as well as building a banking union for the eurozone . 
  although many in london remember him for imposing a cap on banker bonuses , this was an idea born in the european parliament that mr barnier later championed . 
  in a valedictory interview as eu commissioner with the financial times , mr barnier spoke of `` unfair and unjust '' headlines at the time of his appointment that described him as the `` most dangerous man in europe '' . 
  towards the end of his five-year term in 2014 , mr barnier 's relations with london were on a more even keel -- looking back , he recalled `` good spirited '' tussles with george osborne , then chancellor . 
  `` my line has been the middle line , '' he added in the interview . 
  `` there is no sense to build european financial regulation without the city , no sense , no credibility . 
  my first wish was to build a compromise . 
  it was never easy , it was sometimes impossible . 
  for the rest we reached agreement and it was never by chance . '' but nick clegg , the former deputy prime minister , said that mr barnier was `` no friend of the city of london '' and that `` alarm bells will be ringing '' . 
  prime minister theresa may said on wednesday that she had an open mind about britain 's future ties with the eu , adding that the uk may not copy any of the existing relationships between non-eu countries and the bloc . 
  `` i 'm looking at this with an open mind , '' mrs may said . 
  `` i think we should be developing the model that suits the united kingdom and the european union . 
  not adopting , necessarily , a model that is on the shelf already , '' she added at a news conference after meeting italian prime minister matteo renzi in rome . 
  it 's weird .
