  greece faces what is likely to be an `` explosive '' surge in its public debt levels that within decades will mean it will owe almost three times the country 's annual economic output unless given significant debt relief , the international monetary fund has warned in a confidential report . 
  the new report was prepared by imf staff ahead of a february 6 board meeting to discuss the fund 's participation in an eu-led $ 86bn bailout of greece and signals the continuing hard line the imf is taking on debt relief for athens . 
  it offers a bleaker view of greece 's economic dilemmas than an analysis prepared last year , warning that the debt load is `` highly unsustainable '' and would not improve even if it implemented further reforms recommended by the fund . 
  that assessment would , under the fund 's own rules , prohibit the imf from taking part financially in the current bailout , something countries such as germany have made a condition of their own support . 
  `` even with these ambitious polices in place , greece can not grow out of its debt problem , '' imf staff warned in the report , seen by the financial times and drafted as part of the fund 's annual review of member economies . 
  `` greece requires substantial debt relief from its european partners to restore debt sustainability . '' the imf declined to comment , citing a policy of not commenting on leaked material . 
  the fund calculated that greece 's debt load would reach 170 per cent of gross domestic product by 2020 and 164 per cent by 2022 , `` but become explosive thereafter '' and grow to 275 per cent of gdp by 2060 . 
  in its report the fund cites the heavy burden borne by the greek people as part of the economic crisis they have been battling since 2010 and repeats a call for a less aggressive fiscal adjustment than the eu has been pushing for . 
  it also calls for further reform of the greek pension system and improvements in tax collection , as well as the establishment of a more robust safety net to help those affected most by the crisis . 
  but the imf 's view on debt remains the most crucial and politically sensitive in europe and particularly germany , where angela merkel is battling for re-election this year . 
  jeroen dijsselbloem , the eurogroup president , said this week after a meeting of the group 's ministers that the desire to have the imf on board had not changed . 
  `` a number of member states are adamant on the imf 's involvement , '' he told reporters . 
  michel sapin , france 's finance minister , warned after that meeting that the `` window of opportunity '' for a deal on the next stages of greece 's bailout programme was closing due to the series of elections this year in europe . 
  those elections start in the netherlands in march , with voters in both france and germany also going to the polls . 
  it is widely feared that failure to resolve the greek debt issue could knock the bailout programme off course and destabilise greece . 
  but euro area ministers have also taken a more optimistic view than the imf of greece 's woes . 
  after a meeting in brussels on thursday a number stressed that athens was comfortably exceeding primary surplus targets set under the $ 86bn bailout programme . 
  mr dijsselbloem , who is also the dutch finance minister , said that greece was recovering faster than anyone expected . 
  in its report the imf said it expected greece 's gdp to grow 2.7 per cent this year after returning to growth last year . 
  a pay cheque arrives every month for 2,000 unemployed finns whether they decide to work or spend their days on the sofa . 
  at the start of the year finland became the first country in europe to pay an unconditional basic income in an experiment to see how it affected the lives of the recipients and whether the country could afford it . 
  with unemployment at 9 per cent -- about 237,000 people -- and the number of unfilled job vacancies at its highest since 2007 , the centre-right government wanted to see whether a universal wage encouraged people into work by helping them to avoid the `` benefits trap '' . 
  with finland 's generous welfare payments , many chose not to take part-time work for fear of losing handouts . 
  supporters of the income argue that society 's cohesion depends on everyone benefiting from the wealth increasingly created by machines to avoid the feelings of alienation and anger that gave rise to donald trump and arguably also brexit . 
  authorities in the netherlands , france , canada and the state of california are among those considering similar schemes . 
  under finland 's two-year pilot scheme , 2,000 unemployed citizens were chosen randomly to receive $ 560 a month . 
  `` the participants get this money no matter what , '' said marjukka turunen , from the social insurance institution of finland , which runs the programme . 
  recipients can top up the basic sum by taking part-time jobs or starting businesses . 
  critics say that it would be impossible to apply nationally because it would cost between $ 10 billion and $ 15 billion and require cash to be raised from the already highly taxed finns . 
  `` no matter what the results are , this model can not be applied to the whole of society , '' joona rasanen , a social democrat mp , said . 
  graph you link has debt to gdp increasing though , in the ttm from q3 2016, 
  http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/greece-government-debt-to-gdp.png?s=grcdebt2gdp&amp;v=201701041040s&amp;d1=20070101&amp;d2=20171231 it has actually stabilised over the last 5 years, 
  the eurozone 's total government debt edged down to the lowest level in four years at the end of the third quarter as steady growth chips away at the bloc 's more than 90 per cent debt-to-gdp ratio total government debt in the euro-area stood at 90.1 per cent in the quarter to $ 9.614 tn , down from 91.2 per cent at the end of the second quarter , according to the latest figures from eurostat . 
  however , the headline figure masks sharp divergences between eurozone member states . 
  greece still lumbers under the highest debt burden of any eurozone member at 176.9 per cent , followed by portugal ( 133.4 per cent ) and italy ( 132.7 per cent ) . 
  estonia on the other hand has debt of just 9.6 per cent of gdp . 
  in a sign that the bloc 's weakest economies still have a long way to go to reduce their debt mountains , greece 's debt ratio rose by 4.4 percentage points and portugal 's by 2.9 percentage points compared to the third quarter of 2015 . 
  ireland meanwhile -- the euro area 's fastest growing economy last year -- registered an 8.5 percentage point decline . 
  german debt stood at 69.4 per cent of gdp . 
  falling debt was coupled with an increase in the bloc 's deficit to 1.7 per cent of gdp from 1.5 per cent in the quarter . 
  this comes on the back of higher government expenditure which crept up to 48.2 per cent from 48.1 per cent as eurozone governments slowly ease up on the belt-tightening that has been a mark of the bloc 's economy since 2011 . 
  eu authorities are urging countries with low debt and healthy public finances to increase spending in a bid to support growth throughout the euro area . 
  the likes of greece , italy , and portugal meanwhile have been pushed towards carrying out bold economic reforms to revamp labour markets and tax laws to raise growth and productivity . 
  peter atmore has no doubt about it . 
  the sclerotic european economy is , at long last , picking up speed . 
  and he should know . 
  as sales and marketing director of fracino , a birmingham-based maker of commercial coffee-making appliances , mr atmore spends much of his time tramping the economies of the continent , seeking new buyers for his gleaming cappuccino and espresso machines . 
  `` there is definitely more confidence now , '' he says of the coffee shop owners and restaurateurs who buy the machines , which range in price from # 2,500 to # 7,500 . 
  the pick-up , he says , began last april and has been sustained . 
  it 's not across the board . 
  france and spain remain weak but germany , poland , sweden , denmark and austria are all showing strong growth in demand . 
  stripping out new markets , fracino 's like-for-like sales in europe grew by 16 per cent last year . 
  the drop in the pound undoubtedly has helped but it is not merely that , mr atmore says . 
  there is growing optimism among buyers , too . 
  christopher nieper , managing director of david nieper , a lingerie and womenswear manufacturer and mail order company , feels the same way . 
  he sends three million catalogues a year to over-50s women in france , germany and the netherlands . 
  sales growth to the eurozone , already a lively 7 per cent early last year , accelerated to 16 per cent in the final quarter . 
  `` we 've been going for 55 years and we have n't seen growth like this . 
  there 's no problem in france and no problem in germany . 
  the shoots are very green , indeed , '' says mr nieper , who employs 260 staff across five factories in derbyshire . 
  his average order from continental customers is now an outsize $ 200 . 
  the anecdotal experience of a couple of british exporters like fracino and david nieper is no way to judge the overall temperature in europe , but it supports the idea that the continent has begun to pick up speed . 
  according to official data , most european union countries began to deliver positive growth three years ago , but progress has been slow and patchy . 
  very recent indicators have shown a tiny bit more promise . 
  this week the pmi manufacturing data , an important barometer of sentiment and expectations in the factories of europe , showed its highest reading for six and a half years . 
  germany , the biggest economy in europe , reported new figures on thursday showing it is moving ahead at its fastest rate for five years , posting growth of 1.9 per cent last year thanks mostly to strong rises in consumption . 
  french industrial output in the last quarter of 2016 was better than feared while italian disposable income is rising at its fastest for 15 years . 
  the european commission 's economic sentiment indicator , another measure of confidence , picked up from 106.5 to 107.8 this month , its highest reading since march 2011 . 
  coupled with resilient recent retail sales figures , the conclusion is hard to avoid , according to capital economics : the eurozone `` enjoyed a much-needed growth spurt at the end of 2016 '' . 
  the harder question is whether this pick-up in activity can be sustained or will quickly be snuffed out . 
  huw pill , chief european economist at goldman sachs , is relatively sanguine , predicting growth of a little below 1.5 per cent this year , only fractionally down on the estimated 1.6 per cent achieved last year , thanks in part to easier fiscal policy as well as continued ultra-lax monetary policy from the european central bank . 
  andrew kenningham , senior global economist at capital economics , is significantly gloomier . 
  inflation is set to rise , he says , because of the recovery in the oil price . 
  `` this , in turn , will be a drag on real incomes and consumption . 
  and rising political risk ahead of the dutch , french and german elections may dent business sentiment . '' mr kenningham is forecasting a slowdown in gdp growth in the eurozone to only 1 per cent , well below consensus expectations of about 1.5 per cent . 
  simon wells , at hsbc , is also fairly bearish . 
  the two key tailwinds to eurozone growth over the past two years , energy price deflation and falling government borrowing costs , have gone into reverse recently . 
  `` we expect the eurozone to grow by just 1.2 per cent in 2017 , '' he says . 
  the ifo institute in germany believes that while inflation will pick up this year , so will wage growth and job security . 
  the euro area should get a further boost from increased business investment , it believes . 
  but there is no shortage of shocks that could put a stick in the spokes , including the precarious position of the italian banking sector . 
  a continued recovery in europe is important for jobs ( there are still 16 million people unemployed across the 19-nation eurozone alone ) , for the wider global economy and for britain , which relies on the eu for 45 per cent of its exports . 
  it also could determine the fate of the entire eu project . 
  support for the more populist anti-establishment parties in france , italy and germany tends to be in inverse proportion to feelings about economic wellbeing . 
  the economy may determine the mood of eu nations , as well as the identity of their leaders , as they start to negotiate the terms of brexit once article 50 is triggered in march . 
  more is at stake than demand for british-made coffee machines and nighties . 
  businesses and consumers in the eurozone have shrugged off political uncertainty to start 2017 with confidence at its highest level in more than five years . 
  the european commission 's monthly survey of economic sentiment in the 19 countries sharing the euro rose for the fourth month in december to 107.8 , boosted by rising optimism in france , germany and the netherlands . 
  this was up from 106.6 in november and well above the 106.8 reading expected by economists polled by reuters , as well as its long-term average of 100 . 
  bert colijn , ing 's senior economist for the eurozone , said : `` the italian referendum and subsequent concern about the italian banking sector has not impacted confidence in the eurozone and it caused a mere stagnation in sentiment in italy itself . 
  improving order books , strong employment expectations and strengthening assessments of production in recent months outweigh increased political volatility for the moment . '' last month the european central bank extended its stimulus measures for a further six months to underpin growth in the face of political uncertainties created by donald trump 's surprise election victory in the us and britain 's decision to leave the european union . 
  however , sentiment could be further affected when britain triggers article 50 this year and begains talks over its exit from the eu . 
  despite this , the commission 's business climate indicator , which points to the phase of the business cycle , rose to 0.79 , its highest level since june 2011 , when it was 1.03 . 
  `` managers ' assessments of the past production improved sharply , as did , to a lesser extent , their views on the future production , overall and export order books and the stocks of finished products , '' the commission said . 
  expectations for inflation among consumers also rose for a second month running in december . 
  a rising oil price and the strong dollar have put upward pressure on prices and businesses indicated that were passing on higher input prices to consumers . 
  samuel tombs , chief uk economist at pantheon macroeconomics , said that consumer confidence was likely to weaken further this year as real income growth slowed . 
  economic optimism could be tested by general elections in germany and france , the largest economies in the eurozone . 
  there is also a general election in the netherlands and possibly one in italy in the wake of the resignation by matteo renzi , the prime minister , who was defeated in a referendum on constitutional reform . 
  fresh woe for germany retail sales and factory orders in germany fell in november , according to official figures , in a fresh challenge to europe 's largest economy as it battles to restore growth ( miles costello writes ) .
