  this is our town . '' a convenience store in grimethorpe features many polish products - the owner was the only person in the town who told the times that he voted remain andrew mccaren for the times ms priestley , 26 , proceeded to conduct a guided tour of the small convenience store next door , which was indeed `` full of polish stuff '' including an impressive variety of sausages and 17 brands of polish beer . 
  `` all this bread 's polish as well . 
  we ca n't read the labels . 
  it 's disgusting and it needs sorting out . 
  if i went over to poland , d\u2019you think they 'd have a warburton 's loaf for me ? '' the store 's owner , who said that polish products amounted to 20 per cent of his sales , was the only person in grimethorpe who told the times that he voted remain . 
  it almost sounded like a confession . 
  his name was parimal odedara and he happened to be visiting for the day . 
  he lives in leicester . 
  ms priestley 's friend , 22-year-old jessica kearford , has a son aged four . 
  she was told that there was no available place for him at the nursery school 100 yards from her home , where there were `` lots of polish children '' . 
  ms kearford 's son was instead offered a nursery place in a neighbouring village . 
  she is awaiting the outcome of her appeal against the local authority 's decision . 
  `` why 's my son not allowed to go to that school ? 
  why are polish children getting places that british kids do n't get ? 
  it 's like they 've got more rights than us . 
  say something about it and you 're classed as racist , but we 're not . 
  it 's about equal rights . 
  they 're getting more than us . '', 
  well i think that 's why she 's put the three brexiteers in roles where they 'll have responsibility . 
  if it goes shit ( maybe she expects it to ) they can take the blame for the seeds they sowed . 
  uk-based banks and other financial companies should be able to maintain their `` passporting rights '' , which allow them to sell financial services across the eu , even after brexit takes place , boris johnson said on friday . 
  speaking in new york , the new uk foreign secretary said he `` expected '' that passporting would be maintained , because there was such a close relationship of mutual economic dependency between the uk and the eurozone that it was `` manifestly in the interests of our [ eu ] friends to continue with a good relationship '' , with the uk . 
  london would remain a major financial centre , he predicted , due to its deep capital markets . 
  he also argued that there was no sign yet that june 's referendum outcome had prompted global financial companies to leave the city ; on the contrary , he predicted that it could become even stronger after brexit . 
  `` the new york commercial scene regards this as an opportunity for the uk , '' he said after meetings with a series of senior american business , financial and political leaders . 
  `` if we get this right , this can be a fantastic thing . '' the comments are likely to be viewed with considerable scepticism in parts of europe -- and among some large financial firms -- since it is widely presumed that the rest of europe would only permit the uk to maintain its passporting rights if the principle of free movement of people is preserved as well . 
  this is highly controversial since one key factor that drove popular support for brexit was a desire to curb immigration . 
  many wall street financial leaders have also indicated in recent weeks that they remain extremely uncertain about the degree to which they will -- or will not -- be forced to relocate their operations . 
  before the brexit vote several large banks , such as jpmorgan chase , warned that they may need to move bankers out of london if the uk lost passporting rights , since this is crucial to maintain their european business ; however , since the referendum result became clear , they have rowed back from these threats , in part because of the uncertainty about the next steps . 
  the british have decided to leave . 
  it is like cricket -- when the umpire tells you you are out , you are out boris johnson another factor that has also caused american financial companies to refrain from any hasty action is a suspicion that the brexit vote might even be overturned in the coming months . 
  however , mr johnson insisted yesterday that there was no chance of the brexit vote being reversed . 
  `` the british have decided to leave . 
  it is like cricket -- when the umpire tells you you are out , you are out , '' he declared . 
  `` it is curious how effective that metaphor is . '' presenting quarterly earnings in the past week , executives at top us banks with chunky operations in london shed little light on how brexit would affect their businesses . 
  most declined to be drawn on the implications , despite being peppered with questions by wall street analysts . 
  harvey schwartz , chief financial officer of goldman sachs , gave a typical response . 
  `` this looks like this process is going to take a while , '' he said . 
  `` we 're hopeful , along with everyone else , that the parties that are engaged in these negotiations will be prudent and thoughtful . '' he added of the immediate implications of the vote : `` we all expected it to be a very , very unlikely outcome , but we were significantly prepared . '' related article one month after brexit : what we know about the economy the health of britain 's economy one month after the vote to leave the eu is highly uncertain . 
  marianne lake , his opposite number at jpmorgan , said that `` it 's really too early to hypothesise '' and that `` negotiations need to be given some time to unfold and take shape '' . 
  asked on thursday about what citigroup 's corporate clients made of the result , john gerspach , the bank 's cfo , said : `` everyone is still a bit uncertain as to exactly what that timeframe will be and what the ultimate implications are . 
  `` so there 's a lot of discussion about planning , but there 's very little tangible that 's being done at the present time . '' some bankers have downplayed the impact . 
  kelly king , chief executive of bb&t , the 10th biggest us bank by assets , said : `` it 's just not going to have a material impact on us and probably not going to have a material impact on the world once the dust settles . '', 
  thanks for this and the concrete examples of why harmonisation of regs is important ( and why tariffs are not such a huge deal ) . 
  kind of made me think back to brexit the movie when they were moaning at the 650 regs or whatever imposed on a car . 
  i bet a majority would apply in the us . 
  similarly , they looked at a pillow with 50/100 regs or something in disdain . 
  i could have sort of dealt with an orderly brexit where we 'd transition into the eea for example ( even though i think being in the eu would be better ) . 
  but , a referendum was never a good way to deal with something so important with so many options . 
  hopefully , it 's a lesson to try avoid stupid referendums now . 
  thing is , the uk parliament has always been sovereign ( as the vote showed ) . 
  it 's more a sharing of sovereignty . 
  the democratic deficit is certainly present though . 
  well , many wanted commonwealth migration ... 
   `` i wrote article 50 , so i know it well , '' amato told a conference in rome , ** saying he had inserted it specifically to prevent the british from complaining that there was no clear cut , official way for them to bail out of the union . 
  **   `` my intention was that it should be a classic safety valve that was there , but never used . 
  it is like having a fire extinguisher that should never have to be used . 
  instead , the fire happened . '', 
  well fuck , we had our own get out clause . 
  did say similar to them yesterday : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4twhn0/theresa_may_told_free_trade_with_the_eu_is_now/d5kyr4x seems they wo n't read/listen, 
  it 's more of a purgatory state . 
  norway has twice opted not to join the eu . 
  it voted no in 1972 and again in 1994 to becoming a member of the club that was set up to unite europe . 
  it has been left with an association to the eu , under the european economic area agreement , that was actually meant to be merely a temporary arrangement while everyone waited for norway and the other countries in the european free trade association ( iceland and liechtenstein ) to join the eu in the mid-1990s . 
  so far the agreement has lasted 22 years . 
  norway 's relationship with the eu is unusual and no country has followed its example . 
  given what we know about the eea agreement , it is surprising that it is now considered a possible model for the third-largest member state of the eu : the uk . 
  as a member of the eea , norway is part of the single market , which rests on the free movement of goods , services , people and capital , though it retains control of agriculture and fisheries policies . 
  it is , in essence , a three-quarters member of the eu as it has incorporated three-quarters of all european legislation into norwegian law . 
  the alternative to accepting this state of affairs would have been ever-shrinking market access . 
  norway is far more closely associated with the eu than most people -- inside norway , as well as outside -- realise . 
  but what it lacks , crucially , is influence . 
  eu regulation of the single market creates a level playing field for companies , workers and owners of capital in europe . 
  norway 's problem is that it has free access to that level playing field but is bound to adopt eu policies and rules on a broad range of issues , without being present at the table where those policies and rules are decided . 
  the eea agreement suffers from a significant democratic deficit , therefore : norway is not represented in decision-making processes that have direct consequences for it ; nor does it have any significant influence on them . 
  moreover , this dampens political engagement and debate , and makes it difficult to hold the government to account for its european policy . 
  norway keeps what some would say is an illusion of sovereignty and pays less into eu coffers than it would as a full member the democratic deficit is the price norway pays for enjoying the benefits of european integration without being a member of the organisation that drives it . 
  in return , it keeps what some would say is an illusion of sovereignty and pays less into eu coffers than it would as a full member . 
  saying that the eea agreement provides completely free access to the single market is also misleading . 
  as an eea member , norway is not part of the eu customs union and not part of the eu value added tax zone . 
  it means that norwegian companies face costly and time-consuming cross-border formalities as they sell their goods to europe and receive inputs from their european suppliers . 
  martin sandbu 's free lunch not so super models most people understand that many of the models on offer include immigration . 
  fewer realise that most also include compliance with eu regulations nevertheless , the consensus in norway is that the eea agreement has served the country well -- employers as well as employees . 
  when the country joined the eea , some were worried that the nordic model of equality and social cohesion might unravel . 
  that worry has proved to be unfounded . 
  norwegian governments have exploited the substantial freedom that eu regulation leaves in shaping labour market regulation and working conditions -- this is an important reason why the eea agreement , despite its shortcomings , commands close to unanimous support today . 
  the uk has followed a completely different route . 
  instead of using national policy and regulation to mitigate the impact of increased integration and globalisation , british politicians have consistently blamed the eu and brussels for the unwanted consequences of membership and they have said little about the benefits . 
  norway can cope perfectly well with the eea agreement despite the loss of self-determination . 
  following the eu referendum , the british can not . 
  negotiating in brussels may raise tensions ; taking orders from brussels is out of the question . 
  norwegians might be stubborn but we do not believe that the continent is isolated when there is fog in the north sea . 
  the writer is professor of economics at the university of oslo and was a member of the eea review committee , an independent committee appointed by the norwegian government , reporting in 2012, 
  sorry prats is slang for morons , did n't misspell parts !, 
  that was a good one . 
  who said germans do n't have a good sense of humour ? 
  a few prats have n't been nice . 
  this is no way representative of leave or remain voters or the nation as a whole . 
  yeah i agree , they could have made the system less rigid . 
  it was in their control .
