  poland was n't really considered eastern europe until cold war , that 's why poles get triggered . 
  i 'm not living in warsaw , just been there and saw the smoke from tenement 's stack that was similar to what i 've seen while i still lived in cracow or what i could see in gliwice or katowice . 
  i was really afraid to use city name because people will basically do some questioning making you to give address , date and answer the new question every 15 minutes even tough they know how situation in our country looks like . 
  every city has a poor families that still live in tenements with old stoves . 
  gliwice have communal heating everywhere yet you will see smoke , because they often kept their stoves and they still burn garbage while radiators are turned to 0 , it 's just cheaper . 
  when it comes to cars i was speaking in general about the pollution in polish cities . 
  it was always more about shitty heating the old buildings have and what people are burning . 
  a lot of this is caused by really old cars that people usually import from germany and the fact that a lot of poor folk are heating with garbage and not wood or coal . 
  when you are in cracow or warsaw you can often see wierd coloured smoke coming out of stacks . 
  they burn everything from paper to rubber and plastic . 
  not saying that coal is good but i see a lot of people forget about what i 've just mentioned . 
  i think it 's about khmelnitsky uprising but i would n't really call it an invasion . 
  i love this music it always wakes up my patriotism . 
  i 'd say that maybe not alcohol but definitely tobacco considering how extremely expensive cigarettes have become lately in poland . 
  when i was still in a dorm people brought whole trunks full of cigarette cartons and a lot of them said that if you want to have a smooth ride back and forth it 's almost impossible without paying something extra . 
  and i 'm talking about small scale here . 
  we all remember the press conference where she could n't answer any question , proved to be incompetent , she did n't know what her own employees were doing and ignored everyone when they tried to point out all the issues . 
  let 's not pretend it started when pis came to power . 
  for me it looks like she has voters support because they are afraid of pis getting too much power . 
  basically i agree with commenter a lot but he does seem like he is propaganda outlet . 
  however let 's not forget that these are the reasons that made pis win . 
  basically po had all the time and all the power to do good and they were just almost as pis is now but they 've done it backstage , it was all hidden with all the media support . 
  the problem is pis is so reckless in all it does and they are making poland look bad so we all lose , people are just confused as there are no good leaders right now . 
  i was thinking the same , and i also live in the marked area . 
  http://imgur.com/xxmaiur here is mine , a bit cold but there is a fireplace on the left that is hard to capture unless you obscure the view with a giant table . 
  ye , i do n't understand what racism has to do with the map posted . 
  italians may or may not be racist but it 's more about status of the countries used as a joke than about race . 
  would it be bettee if it showed some poor `` white '' country ? 
  sometimes i wonder if people still remember what racism means . 
  i was half expecting world famous czech porn . 
  let 's be honest , if we agree to take any refugees in , they would run to germany before the camp is completed and if we built first , take people in later , then we would have to literally chain them and put under guard so they wo n't go west as soon as they can . 
  well let 's be honest , the most known beers are usually the shittiest , mass produced diluted piss . 
  craft beers are life . 
  well we 've got field , how neat is that ? 
  not to mention 90 % of the population is of peasant or urban decent , which means they would have close to no rights in 1st rzeczpospolita , good old days would become nightmare compared to what we have now really fast . 
  i remember , it also looked similar in hogsfather movie . 
  sorry , i did n't notice , the double comment , not the smell . 
  well to be honest you kinda can see the smell . 
  this is how i 've imagined ankh-morpork . 
  first sentence about poles is pretty much true . 
  next part not so much . 
  neither our government nor common poles pretend to like czechs to be considered central european , that 's the silliest thing i 've ever heard . 
  we like czechs because they have quite similar culture to ours and we can easily understand them , it 's just natural . 
  it 's similar with slovakia . 
  also we have as reasonable claims as czechs have to be considered central european , damn , we were considered central european for centuries until post wwii division . 
  first , of all you we could have foreseen shitshow but not on this level and all other candidates seemed equally bad at the time of the 2015 elections . 
  second , there has n't been another election yet . 
  third , not everyone can participate in the protests and there was plenty already , not to mention a lot of people have little idea about the implications of proposed changes . 
  do n't expect a miner or a builder with a family to take care of to go and stand in a crowded warsaw after 8 hour ( or longer ) shift to protect courts he knows little of . 
  it does n't help that every pole knows one thing about our courts and judges , which is : they are shit so poles feel confused because they want fair courts but they do n't want to defend the elite group that proved its incompetence time and time again . 
  poland , as in people , do n't dismiss statements or actions of the eu more than any other eu member state does . 
  we are overall pro-eu , we wanted eu to act in case of bia\u0142owie\u017ca , and we sought support from the eu when the whole mess with courts and constitutional tribunal . 
  our options as citizens are limited if we want to act within the boundaries of law . 
  we can protest or write petitions but the government can ultimately ignore us if they do n't really feel threatened . 
  they ( i was n't participating in the protests ) did what they could , president vetoed and now we 're waiting . 
  what do you want us to do in the meantime ? 
  start riots ? 
  civil war maybe ? 
   barbara engelking in the interview she just talked about poles and jews , but it had this insulting vibe to it like pretty much her every quote about holocaust . 
  every time she opens her mouth she either belittles what good poles did or exaggerates the bad . 
  at the very least she will just show us as something less than a jew . 
  i realize that , but it is nonexistent in poland , even ivan is extremely rare if the person is not a foreigner from the countries you 've mentioned . 
  even if you did n't write that it would be hard to believe , even as a joke . 
  i 've never heard such name in my life before i 've heard about trump 's daughter . 
  to be fair it is a clique , maybe not nefarious , but it 's just getting replaced by a different clique , which this time may be nefarious indeed . 
  the only thing that ever fucked me up more than vodka was this weird mint spirit my friend made , which had around 70 % and i must say my head is pretty weak , my stomach even worse . 
  i think different alcohols just give you different kind of `` drunkiness '' where you may feel more sleepy or energetic . 
  if we look at taste then yes , poles do n't really like stouts overall . 
  older men still remember times when most of the dark beers , apart from stronger porters , were something that women drank and they often adamantly refuse to drink anything dark as they think it 's weaker . 
  stouts have this distinct taste that is way better when it 's cold outside and you drink it in a pub . 
  it tastes awful when you 're drinking it straight from the bottle or , god forbid , can and we often like to drink outdoors so in this case lighter beers taste more refreshing and do n't get disgusting as fast with the change of temperature . 
  if any stouts started gaining popularity it would be ris , still negligible though . 
  most poles would rather choose a stronger porter if they decided to drink dark beer . 
  on the other hand , if we were able to drink `` le\u015bny dzban '' i think we can adapt to drinking stouts easily . 
  what ? 
  it 's always about alcohol content , dark beers tend to be much stronger , but drink a 0,5 l bottle of dark beer and then try 0,5 l bottle of vodka . 
  different alcohols may be more nauseating or give you harder or lighter hangover but you wo n't magically get more drunk with less alcohol . 
  anyway , poland has roughly the same beer consumption per capita as ireland , it 's mostly lagers though . 
  however the trends are changing recently and a lot of dark beers become popular, 
  why do they always look like if they glued pubes to their faces ? 
  you are a pole asking a pole about drinking tolerance ? 
  there are diaries and books where you can find what both leaders and uprising participants thought about the idea and what was their motivation . 
  yes they did , but i think that after russian backstabbing and even earlier war with bolsheviks they had some kind of idea what russians are trying to achieve , which is why they started uprising before russians came . 
  they wanted to be in a position of power otherwise they could have just waited for russians to do everything on their own and end up the same . 
  i always assumed that poles knew that russians wo n't cooperate , like in joint military operation , but they hoped they would use the opportunity to take on german garrison and reinforcements involved in culling of the uprising . 
  what i meant was that they did n't count on direct support of red army but rather that it 'll push the offensive taking the pressure from poles . 
  i do n't think any of them had hope that russians would happily cooperate and fight along poles . 
  so they thought , if poles loyal to government in exile had completely overtaken warsaw it would be way more problematic for russians to stage everything because they would have to blatantly murder allies of their allies . 
  after uprising failed they just entered dead city , a country without any leaders was much easier to take over . 
  it was then or never , they did n't count on russian help but that they 'll be able to take warsaw before russians come . 
  they deliberately stopped their offensive to allow germans to counterattack . 
  i do n't think anybody who had to deal with russians ever trusted them at least not in politics or diplomacy . 
  because , the city was obliterated , russians forbid allied supplies to land on their strips so poles were left alone to fight a lost battle , because stalin wanted remnants of ak ( resistance forces ) to be wiped out completely . 
  hundreds of thousands died , civilians mostly , sounds pretty tragic to me . 
  oh , yes that is a bit weird . 
  i agree we may seem to be a little obsessed with dead and the past . 
  what is odd about anniversary of one of the most tragic event in the history of poland ? 
  and if you are conservative but do n't agree with what pis is doing then what ? 
  still vote for razem that have polar opposite stance on pretty much everything conservative ? 
  the problem is that it is not always only history but also present .
