  fear is leading to hatred and fuels us versus them attitude . 
  that 's how every toxic ideology came to be . 
  you can call them ignorant , you can call them names if you wish to reach the same bottom level , trolling is just this thing where you tell things you do n't really care about to make people angry to make people care then go your way and laugh . 
  these people wo n't laugh , they will kick you in the head . 
  i feel like we call everybody who acts like a dick , a troll and it 's starts to lose its meaning . 
  no , none of these things . 
  we are not ready from psychological point of view . 
  we are isolated society with sad history and we 've been free for relatively short time . 
  people here do n't like outsiders overall unless they are tourists . 
  even ukrainians are often looked down upon and they are culturally very close to us . 
  i do n't think they will blow themselves up or that they are dangerous . 
  if anything , i think they will be in danger if they come here against the wishes of majority of people , it 'll fuel hatred , further degrade our not so good image on international scene and cause all sorts of cultural problems even tough it 's a silly number of people , which actually does n't help italy or greece at all apart from making silly solidarity act where real solutions are needed . 
  and last but not least it gives pis support , which is probably the worst thing . 
  of course , that still does n't mean they 're trolling . 
  it seems like people genuinely believe what they are saying . 
  i just hate the idea of throwing people to the pot with a `` troll '' sign on it just to prove a point . 
  to dismiss fears and concerns of people , even if they are wrong , is what let pis get in power . 
  sometimes if they are not ready for something , it 's better to just let it go , otherwise you create problems where there were none before . 
  not everyone with different opinion is a troll , please learn what that word means before you use it . 
  people were angry long before that , it was just a final nail to the coffin . 
  their lack of activity in social areas was the problem people had with them . 
  youth working on shitty contracts with difficulties to get by on their own . 
  lack of help for local entrepreneurs , notorious problems with retirement funds and retirement age , problems with healthcare , a lot of corruption scandals all this in atmosphere of arrogance and elitism . 
  also , incredibly retarded , fear mongering campaign . 
  there was so much else but it 'd be too long to write , but generally the poorest and the least educated felt the most neglected . 
  not that pis is better , on the contrary , but it 's easy to sway people who are treated like their problems are in their own imagination . 
  i 'd rather have polish one to have white wings on a red background . 
  yeah , that 's whole other story , they seem to like to act as undiplomatic as you can towards both allies , enemies , opposition media and pretty much everybody , maybe except us . 
  i can not agree more . 
  there are so many things in poland that remain in this kind of limbo for so long , every government is so afraid to do anything that it 's insane . 
  however , it 's a little scary that the only people who are not afraid to change something are probably the people who will do it in the worst possible way . 
  i really hope i 'm wrong . 
  it ' has changed a lot over the last few years , the whole city center is totally different than it was 5 years ago . 
  there are poor or more industrial areas but a lot of poles who have never been in silesia think it all looks like one giant , dirty factory , because it looked like this maybe 30 years ago . 
  my family from greater poland was shocked how green some parts are when they first came here . 
  stereotypes are still strong . 
  i blame the opposition , as much as pis for this . 
  it was really easy to get support for judicial system reforms in poland when everybody was disgruntled by years of elitism , arrogance and incompetence of judges and prosecutors . 
  imagine you are shat upon for years . 
  ruling elites dismiss every concern you have . 
  then the new guys come and they do stuff after years of stagnation and status quo . 
  you are not really and expert on what they 're doing , they seem controversial , but you finally see things move . 
  then there are these guys from an old elite group who shat upon you and now they act like a defenders of downtrodden , the aegis of democracy . 
  who do you believe ? 
  this is basically situation right now . 
  most people are simple , they do n't know any better , they do n't read journals , they do n't understand political language , but they have a right to vote . 
  now we will get kicked in the ass by the negligence of previous governments , not only po , and pis will use it to take more control under disguise of reforms . 
  while i believe the first few elections might have been legit , i really doubt it is the case nowadays . 
  right now opposition is almost non-existent so i do n't think he even have to try anymore . 
  i have n't met even one young belorussian who supports him and i 'm not particularly stuck in my own bubble when it comes to people i talk to . 
  as i 've said , it 's all anecdotal but it does leave one thinking whether the data they release is really reliable . 
  not to mention the lack of statistics , which i already mentioned . 
  i knew few people from belarus and let 's just say they had completely opposite opinion of their country from what you 've just said , but it 's all anecdotal . 
  on the other hand we do n't really have much of reliable data to say anything more . 
  actually estonia 's airspace was violated several times . 
  yes most of the time they do stick to international airspace but since sanctions and war in ukraine these incidents seem to be more frequent than ever . 
  http://www.newsweek.com/nato-intercepted-110-russian-aircraft-around-baltic-2016-538444 quick google search will give you way more articles , i just picked a random from the first page . 
  in case of hel it depends , which side we are talking about . 
  bay side is always warmer and calmer , you can get 20 + way more often than you think if the summer is hot . 
  you can buy it in every shop . 
  i support the idea , because in a way it helps to introduce young people to other cultures , but i really ca n't shake off the feeling that it 's not nearly as bright of a future as the video claims to be . 
  it may spark some interest and lead some people to seek knowledge about different cultures but a conversation or even talking to natives for weeks wo n't give you a proper understanding of a life they lead . 
  it 's better than nothing i guess but i do n't think we can ever be a family , unless we completely eliminate the idea of countries within the eu . 
  otherwise it will always be a neighborhood , but it can certainly be more friendly . 
  the curious case of / u/edgyvirgin i was born old depressed and cynical too , but i 'm certainly not getting any younger . 
  i 'll have an attitude of grumpy 200 years old by the time i die . 
  stop nitpicking , what i mean is that some the things i mentioned happen everywhere to some degree . 
  the op made it seem that torture and abuse of power is something normal in poland and like it 's some second north korea . 
  it 's not the case, 
  what a load of bullshit , there are some negligence cases and some abuse of power , but it happens everywhere . 
  first , tv but it will be hard for me to find proper source for that , it was reported few days ago on several channels . 
  i do n't know if you know polish but there is more than enough if you google it . 
  p.s sorry i ca n't provide any english sources , cuba libre drained my strength . 
  edit : some weird wording , there is probably some more i did n't notice . 
  they do it has been reported several times already , they pretty much cut down everything no matter if it 's prone to attacks of bark beetle or not . 
  and that 's why they 're cutting very old oaks and pines ? 
  very often completely healthy ones ? 
  so you think that what ? 
  people will use condoms more often because a day after pill requires prescription ? 
  or that they 'll suddenly start contemplating possible future possibilities before having an intercourse ? 
  it does n't force people to think at all , it does n't even encourage thinking . 
  sex is very often not something you plan , it 's an act of passion . 
  to believe that there is gon na be a lot of thinking before or during the process is beyond naive . 
  polish government ca n't really do all that much apart from supporting polish companies , which unfortunately they do n't really do , and raising minimum wage . 
  if they were to change everything at a snap of fingers it would be a disaster . 
  you ca n't really raise consumption when people get fired left and right . 
  do n't get me wrong , i want change , i want it to be faster than it is right now , but not the level of fast macron wants to introduce . 
  i realize this is going to hurt no matter what but what he wants will murder almost the entire polish transportation sector and probably a lot of construction companies . 
  i 'm afraid we already gave too much of the control to foreign companies , that 's why we are keeping status quo . 
  there are really not that many polish companies around anymore , unless you think small businesses or state owned ones . 
  the companies that are still around are usually the ones that are only competitive because they can produce or provide services cheaper . 
  if you strip them of this single advantage they will have to compete against western companies that often have better technology , equipment , efficiency and capital . 
  what i 'd like to see is stronger support and good will for native enterprises , which right now get hammered by taxes and zus insurance costs . 
  some subsidies for being innovative , well , anything really . 
  right now being entrepreneur here feels like you are fighting the system all the time , and clerks often treat you like a persona non grata every time you have to deal with them . 
  unless you already have a lot of money to invest , there is little incentive to start your own business and very little place to thrive . 
  just one little example , entrepreneur has to pay twice as much minimum social insurance and still ends up with lower pension than standard worker , this for me seem like soviet legacy of treating businessmen . 
  it 's especially painful for small companies and acts like a very strong inhibitor . 
  maybe that 's because our economy is based on being cheap workforce and it takes time for some transition to take place ? 
  much of our industry was sold or unable to compete when the free market hit with full force .
