  communists lack of competence killed many more . 
  just think about great famines they caused , ukraine , china , nobody cares . 
  some commenters here seem like they want people from central and eastern europe to be happy about it , while a lot of them lost as many if not more of their family members to soviets . 
  i might be overreacting a bit but when pretty much every person around you have some war story in their family and that is not about fighting but genocide by either nazis or soviets then it gives you some perspective . 
  it 's not black and white like some want us to see this , it 's black and black . 
  when some of your relatives or friends gets murdered , starved or worked to death you do n't exactly contemplate if the person responsible did it because that relative was kulak or subhuman . 
  tell that to hundreds of thousands of eastern europeans who end up 2 meters underground after soviets came and many more who were killed under puppet regimes . 
  both were horrible . 
  philistine !, 
  sejm , pronounced like `` same '' and still has the same name . 
  she looks a bit like an evil crazy disney lady . 
  his look and that blink just says `` da faq is happening right now '' . 
  that is what i meant , they lived next to each other . 
  like european nations . 
  i gave a simplified overview , every rule has some exceptions . 
  in general you will share more with us than with most of the middle east or asia or america . 
  i 'm not against total isolation , but immigration needs some boundaries , integration needs plans if you just let everyone in without hesitation you will end up with a mess . 
  i was n't talking about france or algeria . 
  also , just as a reminder , there were 85k polish troops in france in 1940 and 50k took part in defense , and after the fall of france there were still few thousands left still fighting in the west . 
  thousands of poles fought along napoleon and a lot of our artists and scientists fled to france after partitions . 
  if not for iron curtain you would probably feel a lot closer to us than you do currently . 
  ok , why is homogeneity important ? 
  because it 's easier to understand each other , there are less tensions . 
  even though there are hundreds of different cultures in india they form a one group that lived in one place for a long time . 
  they understand each other , they tolerate each other and as a whole are a single cultural group . 
  just like europeans , yes we might be very different in some areas but overall we 've lived next to each other and understand each other better . 
  if you bring people from the outside with inherently different set of values and principles you might end up in political correctness hell , where you try to be tolerant towards newcomers but their culture stand against everything your own culture represents . 
  you ca n't say anything bad about them or you 'll seem intolerant and you 'll abuse their freedom of culture and religion , but you have to or it 'll stand against egalitarian laws and principles of your country . 
  it creates a loop that in the end leads only to problems , division and discrimination . 
  it 's very hard to create multi-cultural nation without parallel cultural groups that refuse to integrate . 
  you end up with ghettos that are root of crime and radicalism as it 's easy to sway disheartened and discriminated youth that feel no connection to their place of residence . 
  of course this is just an opinion , it might be a bit pessimistic and unprogressive , but this situation is very much observable on europe 's example . 
  but have n't these different groups lived along each other for hundreds or even thousands of years ? 
  it 's like tatar 's in poland , they do not entirely share our culture but they share history and they are culturally compatible , they are european by all standards . 
  you do n't import millions of people from different who may cause problems because a lot of the core principles of their culture stand against yours . 
  i thought i would at least need to understand french but damn , that was some elementary school levels of copying stuff . 
  i know , this is basically what i was trying to say from the beginning , blame the city authorities , not the police . 
  these kind of marches should never take place but unfortunately somebody allows that . 
  i do not know what they did or did not shout at that particular event . 
  they have been given permission , and a police force has been designated to keep peace . 
  i do n't think that the police has a right to stop any march unless there are straight up riots , they can probably arrest a person who publicly spread hate speech but declaring the whole march illegal is a bit too much . 
  i hate these marches , i really do , but blaming police when they are only doing what they are told by higher authorities is not fair . 
  also removing somebody who is obstructing the path is what they are there for , if they were n't there things could escalate really quickly . 
  it 's not united airlines levels of removing people . 
  police has nothing to do with it , these forces were there to prevent riots , the march has been sanctioned . 
  it 's the local authorites that should n't have allowed it in the first place . 
  what a bs , the fact that the scale of this was n't as devastating as in russia does n't mean it did n't happen . 
  selling companies for almost nothing without any public auctions to people who were connected to prl government was a common practice . 
  uk left the union because they went full `` muh sovereignty '' and `` polish vermin '' was only one of the arguments used by leave campaign that as we all know was full of fake news and disinformation , also it has nothing to do with tusk . 
  look , i 'm not saying he was great , he was pretty bad at handling internal affairs and it really felt like these were 8 wasted years in many areas , however what he was and still is good at is creating positive image of poland in europe . 
  he maybe should have taken stronger stance in some cases but he did n't . 
  yet he 's still pretty solid at making us look reasonable and we should use it for our advantage . 
  shit talking him does n't really help anyone , especially poland . 
  you wo n't be able to put him in jail , he did n't betray anyone , you can say he was incompetent , but so is szyd\u0142o and a lot of current gov 's politicians . 
  it looks like it is us versus world . 
  we are offending allies , rivals and our own representatives . 
  if that continues we will end up alone in the time of need . 
  i was talking in general , and you ca n't deny that `` dziadek z wermachtu '' was n't the narrative against him . 
  it was everywhere . 
  right wing here repeats it like some kind of mantra that tusk 's grandfather served in wermacht while forgetting that a lot of people were forced to do so during wwii like other kashubians . 
  they also fail to mention that he was a prisoner in stutthof and neuengamme and later on joined polish forces in the west . 
  as for a traitor there is too much to write but it 's overall german-polish politics during his rule which seemed too , i do n't know , weak ? 
  a lot of handshakes , smiles and award winning with mutti merkel while we had a few pretty huge scandals during that time . 
  also , not much really changed in terms of legislation for a common folk , and people felt like they were being sold to germans and big companies . 
  lots and lots of young people on shitty contracts , amber gold scandal , leaked tapes of prominent politics talking shit and tusk threw it all , left poland and became a president of the eu . 
  it made a lot of people angry . 
  this is a general overview . 
  i do n't even like him he 's not a saint but he is our representative for good or bad and europe likes him , so it really does n't matter if our right wing thinks he is devil incarnate . 
  he will represent us whether we want it or not and i think he 's doing a good job at that so why not stop the childish fingerpointing . 
  it only makes our country look divided and paranoid . 
  if you want something better look for anything from pinta or kormoran brewery , might be harder to get but these are like something between craft and mass production with pinta selling some of the highest rated polish beers . 
  i highly suggest to try their imperator ba\u0142tycki . 
  i 'm biased of course but it 's actually nice to hear something good about poles for once . 
  recently there are only shitty news everywhere i look . 
  also , are we here only to talk about statistics ? 
  do you really need raw data on everything ? 
  good or bad , it 's really nice to hear about experiences and opinions of other europeans , to understand what people from other countries think . 
  is n't it what this subreddit is all about ? 
  bringing europeans closer together ? 
  i 'm not saying we should end up with circlejerk , but i 've subbed here to be able to get news as much as hear out other europeans . 
  i do n't think that it would n't be able to defend itself , but the eastern flank and baltics would get wrecked before there is any counter offensive and an overall damage that kind of war would cause would be devastating . 
  i know that even tough my memory is a total bollocks i still remember plitvice lakes as one of the most beautiful places i 've ever seen . 
  they felt exotic yet familiar , like if you were on some tropical islands but at the same time the plants the language of nearby people and everything felt european . 
  i loved it . 
  now i have to google that ... 
  sabre all the way . 
  only polska and morze ba\u0142tyckie are in polish . 
  there are a lot of people who have problems with vegetable and fruit digestion . 
  me for example . 
  something like ratatouille keeps me from leaving toilet for three of four days . 
  it does n't help that i despise a lot of fruits and vegetables in taste and/or texture . 
  they also never seem to fill me up for long . 
  even when i 'm doing nothing and just sitting in front of pc i get hungry after and hour or two if i 've had some non-meat dinner . 
  if i was working physically i imagine it would have been a nightmare . 
  different people are different and where someone will have not problems with transition whatsoever it 'd be incredibly problematic for someone else . 
  also , cuisines of many countries are based on meat . 
  cuisine is very important part of regional or national culture and a lot of people have very strong feelings about it . 
  and last , plant based food can get pretty expensive in certain places if you want to keep your diet balanced . 
  getting good quality fruits or vegetable in poland in a winter can get very expensive and you 'll end up eating tasteless crap or cereal . 
  so no , meat is not going anywhere anytime soon .
