  no they are not liberal , their conservatism is not really related to religion . 
  families of some of them have not been religious for like three generations now . 
  religion might have planted these values long time ago but not many young people listens to what priests actually have to say today . 
  actually a lot of people hates priests here as they view them as hypocrites and parasites . 
  it 's really hard to say with poles , i do n't think statistics give it justice . 
  it really changes rapidly when nobody forces it but the moment somebody demands anything , like being progressive for example , it ends up in going back 30 years in time . 
  i 've been in many western countries , had a lot of friends from uk and germany and it 's really hard for me to see a major difference , at least i ca n't see it in younger generations , old people are completely different story . 
  there are differences of course , but when it comes to younger people it 's not really dictated by religion . 
  maybe somewhere down the line it originated from it but right now it 's just social pressure from right wing and nationalists that dominate public space . 
  they 'll try to convince others that west tries to impose their will on us and it goes back to the things i said earlier about people here being stubborn . 
  it also really depends on region of poland and development level . 
  had some friends from rural areas who were atheists but could not tell their parents if they wanted to have a place to come back to . 
  while almost all of my city friends never had any problems with that whatsoever . 
  i do n't think you understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  i 'm trying to make you understand what makes us conservative and that this is not the religion , at least not in the way the rest of europe thinks , not anymore . 
  i was n't talking about how religious ee countries are but how conservative they are . 
  it 's connected but not the same , czech republic is somewhat an exception , but there are historical reasons for it . 
  we will mostly share similar values while still having different degrees of devotion . 
  this is what i 'm talking about , it 's not the last 50 years . 
  i do n't deny that communism left some scars on our society but the fight for identity started more than thousand years ago , we were always in the middle , just like the rest of the ee . 
  it made us resilient but also quite resistant to change . 
  christianity was with us from the beginning and it was present in so many aspects of life that right now it is part of our more secular traditions . 
  it 's more of an origin of our values right now . 
  in some aspects poland is similar to japan , but where japan is admired for their culture , even tough they are way bigger xenophobic isolationists , poland and other conservative countries are bashed for being regressive right wing bigots . 
  you can wipe church from poland completely but the values will hold , at least for a while , they are part of our identity . 
  i do n't think you realize what people usually mean by saying that church rules here . 
  people here , usually the atheists or agnostics that think everybody should be like they are , really mean that church rules here . 
  not through christian values , but some illuminati bs . 
  yes we got more conservative values . 
  i have more conservative values , so do many of my friends , almost every single one is atheist . 
  a lot of it have to do with our history , being surrounded by enemies and our constant struggle to not lose our identity in spite of being repressed . 
  the thing is our tradition is very tightly related to christianity , so even if we reject our religion we will still do things that represent christian values in order to keep our culture and tradition . 
  it is true for many ee countries , it has been almost a millenium of constant war to be ourselves , it leaves a mark . 
  i do n't think there are any statistics for any country at least not very reliable . 
  i 've always perceived spain and portugal as even more religious than poland , it really depends on a region . 
  in statistics i would be probably seen as catholic while i do n't see myself as one , it 's kinda hard to check . 
  anyway , it 's not as bad as the rest of europe thinks . 
  i 've never been forced to any religious activity nobody shuns me for being atheist , nobody tells me how to live . 
  `` church rules poland '' is a fairy tale . 
  well out of something like 300 young people i knew through my life , maybe 10 went to church regularly , and less than a hundred would attend on holidays , i live in the city however . 
  still much higher is an overstatement , people treat religion here more like guidelines , picking and choosing a lot . 
  i did n't say we are not conservative but it has more to do with tradition and identity than religion itself . 
  we are incredibly stubborn so if somebody tells us to be progressive you can expect exactly opposite . 
  when priests started to be more preachy in place of being more shepherds like in communist era , we started attacking church more . 
  it does n't really say that more than half of these polish cities are in fact one industrial agglomeration . 
  they form one big city in the area which is also one of the most exploited coal sedimentation basins in europe . 
  that 's because people will tell you how incredibly conservative poland is because of religion , probably they 'll show you some statistics that 90 % of the country is catholic . 
  in reality people will say they are catholic , cause they 've been baptised . 
  something like half of these ( speaking from experience , it 's hard to find stats ) people go to church every sunday . 
  almost nobody read the bible and they only attend mass on holidays . 
  if you asked 10 young poles here i bet most wouldnt be able to tell more than two short prayers , probably not even that . 
  despite all this everybody will still say we are catholic hub of stuck up conservative dimwits , sadly it 's usually some other pole . 
  you mean satan ? 
  i do n't think he participates . 
  nobody really believes their bullshit , but people do n't believe po bullshit either . 
  right now i ca n't find any politician that deserves a vote , they are all silly and unreasonable , like monkeys throwing shit at each other when the tree which they are sitting on is crumbling . 
  also , romanian-moldovan commonwealth . 
  sorry , i meant this year 's contest . 
  song seemed better when there was still the national language rule . 
  i do n't deny that somebody may like them . 
  i liked austria 's performance because the girl was pretty , cant remember the song tough . 
  it 's just that for me a good song is the one i hear once and i ca n't get it out of my head , not the one that i have to listen few times to so maybe i 'll like it eventually . 
  to be fair , i ca n't remember any song from the eurovision only my reactions to them , all were mediocre at best , like some generic songs you hear on the radio while driving . 
  people here do n't really like this guy or rather you rarely hear about him , not very popular . 
  i would n't be surprised if he did n't know who wierd al is , he is just all over the place style-wise . 
  polish `` dresy '' do n't squat that much though if ever and they definitely dont ' t wear that silly hats that eastern squatters do . 
  these are more reserved for hipsters and old people , we call it `` kaszkiet '' . 
  also , they do n't really need you to be black or brown to beat you up , just look in their way when they are in group and there is a high chance of you in need of medical attention . 
  however , `` dresy '' are dying breed , restricted to the poorest neighbourhoods it 's actually quite lame to wear such clothes in public for most people in poland . 
  from what i 've seen it really depends , guys from the west tend to be more pc , in / r/europe there is a lot od right wing sentiment lately . 
  its hard to say , i 'd guess it changes a lot , depending on a thread and current situation around the world . 
  i 've seen both pc and anti immigration supporters get downvoted to hell . 
  i 'm on a mobile right now so its hard to give you specific link , however , there was the same post as this on frontpage today . 
  lots od comments there attacking people who support poland 's decision , calling others idiots , bigots , xenophobes , racists etc. 
  really not that hard to find , right now its 50:50 pc vs right wing ( i guess ? ), 
  and it makes comment section look like an utter cesspit . 
  we barely have any region scale players also it comes down to what do you consider a big enterprise . 
  most of them would be viewed as medium in the west . 
  yep this is sad that people only count eu cooperation based on money given - money recieved . 
  all these people that were educated for polish tax money and left without paying back a dime , all of our companies that got stomped as we entered eu because they could not compete with western corporations . 
  right now there are almost no big polish enterprises that are not funded by gov. 
  i 'm not against eu but saying that we get everything and we give nothing back is offensive . 
  i think he meant that you should n't be suprised with downvotes for being pc , as most pc people that commented here were assholes calling people names and accusing anybody opposing them of being bigot and racist . 
  you are just getting caught in crossfire . 
  i must say sraka is not the best name for a hero if he would come to poland, 
  just like many of the western politicians and media . 
  yes , i was just going to say the same . 
  yep , sometimes they try to conceal it in attempt to sell you vlad tepes picture . 
  it 's true for pretty much any inflected language , anything longer than few words changes into unintelligible mess . 
  to be fair you ca n't have a society where everyone is educated , has vision and works in high-skilled sector . 
  there will always be simple people , simple workers who just want to go to work earn enough to provide for their family and maybe go on vacation to a nice place from time to time . 
  when the upper class is telling them it 's their own fault , because they are too stupid to prevent it they will get angry and make even worse decisions , follow populists and so on . 
  you made our [ soups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mirepoix_ ( cuisine \\ ) #polish _ w.c5 .82 oszczyzna ) better so i think we owe you some gratitude . 
  i completely agree , maybe i just did n't word my previous post clearly enough , but you 've just said what i have on my mind . 
  i just used the regions like africa more as an example than anything else . 
  what i was also trying to say is that old eastern block countries such as poland or czech republic are already on the `` career chasing '' standard of living , however , we are now part of the eu and we are almost forced to catch up and at the pace that leaves little to no place for children . 
  we are behind and we are expected to get on western level a lot faster than it would normally occur . 
  it does n't help we are treated as cheap work force so wages are not great and even moving out and starting living on your own may prove troublesome to say the least . 
  i understand this and i 've watched it before , i was pointing out that standards of living in czech republic are pretty high compared to world average and especially poor developing countries . 
  yet the latter have extremely high fertility rates , which contradicts what the poster i was replying to says .
