  i do n't deny this is true for some places here and for some branches , but simple worker has a hell of time trying to make it work . 
  that is i think the biggest problem , not everyone can be a doctor , it guy or a manager . 
  just as many signed liberalization project . 
  there were polls not so long ago and more than 60 % of poles supported black protest , and some more remained undecided . 
  call me cynical but i would n't be surprised if some of people that signed abortion ban project were supporting black protest later . 
  people can be silly like that . 
  rethorics for abortion ban was to protect life of children and it 's really not that hard to get some less informed , usually elder people to sign anything you throw at them . 
  i do n't think anyone is still thinking that it has any support . 
  we 've all seen protests , we 've all seen outrage . 
  i do n't think people voted pis because they really share their values . 
  they were tired of stagnation , of nepotism , corruption and all that false smiles and handshakes and congratulations for doing nothing , especially for young people who were among the most disappointed . 
  what poland got when pis won is more of the same with quite a bit of crazy on top . 
  it 's actually pretty sad . 
  except even now doctors are reluctant , which led to some pretty nasty incidents no so long ago . 
  how eager do you think they 'll be if there is a chance they might lose medical licence or go to prison ? 
  if people and especially young people ca n't understand that others feel empathy and are afraid they 'll get hurt or die then maybe more pragmatic approach will do something . 
  individualism is everything these days , people will do all kinds of stupid stuff because it 's their life and nobody can tell them what to do with it . 
  they said it will work and all i get is name-calling , no bam i guess . 
  ps the earlier comment was a joke , literally direct quote from the clip ... 
  do you like sexual intercourses ? 
  apples to oranges , you consider conception to be the point where the life starts , but it 's only your opinion , even more conservative people will consider your sperm to be the origin of life , scientists would consider some stage of pregnancy , so please indulge me why you are more right than other people ? 
  are you murduring potential children through masturbation ? 
  should they also be trialed for murder ? 
  you are not all knowing , but you are forcing your self-righteous morality on others , you are no better than sharia law supporters . 
  you would make people suffer just to make yourself feel better , like you saved life , while you will never have to take care of the consequences it 's convinient , preacher , but not right . 
  following your logic we should deny people medication because it 's against nature , survival of the fittest all the way . 
  you are basically denying help to someone in need even though you know she 'll die . 
  abortion in case of rape can let the girl or a woman heal if she does n't want a baby , forcing her to give birth after she already was forced to have sex , can scar her even more , which can affect both baby and mother . 
  having miserable life and wishing for death every day , i do n't think you 've ever experienced how extreme deppresion can be . 
  it should n't be your nor mine or not even politicians choice . 
  coming from family that survived a lot of suffering recently and i mean a lot , i can only tell that you either do n't know what you are talking about or you have n't experienced what real pain , depression and suffering is . 
  i wish you well , but if you did it really might change your views . 
  life can sometimes be worse than death . 
  anyway i do n't think i can ever even make you question your believes and if this bill passes it will not make abortion go away it will only make women go have it elsewhere , probably in questionable conditions and causing even more pain to everyone involved . 
  yes you did , and there are hundreds of laws that laws that will directly or indirectly regulate your life . 
  full abortion ban will in some cases decide wether the mother lives or dies is that not playing god for you ? 
  is sentencing people to suffer just for the sake of your concience moral ? 
  because if they are to be banned , the cases of abortions we have right now will all involve physical or mental suffering for either mother or a child or both . 
  imagine the horror of raped woman who instead of being given care and help is again forced to do something against her will or otherwise she 's treated like a criminal . 
  doctors will be afraid to save mother 's life and will just refuse abortions in all cases , because new law will send them to jail too . 
  there is nothing natural about most of our laws . 
  there is nothing natural in keeping terminally ill or disabled alive , not one animal in nature does that . 
  yes they also do not perform abortion , they 'll just leave unwanted offspring to die of hunger . 
  is that the natural you want ? 
  i think we 've been above this for quite some time now . 
  because i want to show you it 's stupid to assume what god thinks and what is and what is not playing god . 
  this book shows that depending on what time in history it was bible could be more or less conservative . 
  in ancient times you could be stoned for what we now consider trivialities . 
  god was vengeful and his laws would make you a cast out just for being blind or disabled , so how is aborting fetus that is somehow damaged any different ? 
  anyway we are not middle east religion should have nothing to do with regulations , people 's feeling about god should have nothing to do with regulations , country is secular and it should act according to will of its people . 
  right now there is hardly any support for the new law , but it can still pass because there was enough nutjobs to present it in sejm . 
  there is nothing intelligent about abortion , it 's all about how people morally percieve it . 
  like for example what is more ok , letting a raped teenager give birth to a child she does n't want and scar her and possibly ruin newborn 's life or abort a fetus when it 's still just few cells . 
  or maybe forcing young parents to have a child that will live few days in agony and die ? 
  people do n't think about it unless its their problem . 
  i 'm actually not a supporter of full abortion , but there are cases when keeping baby makes more harm to both mother and a child . 
  currently people are conservative enough to not want abortion to be available at any case , but they still want current consensus that we have today . 
  in the last thread about this someone posted a poll and it really shows how people do not want this new law to be introduced . 
  16 and the lord spoke to moses , saying , 17 `` speak to aaron , saying , none of your offspring throughout their generations who has a blemish may approach to offer the bread of his god . 
  18 for no one who has a blemish shall draw near , a man blind or lame , or one who has a mutilated face or a limb too long , 19 or a man who has an injured foot or an injured hand , 20 or a hunchback or a dwarf or a man with a defect in his sight or an itching disease or scabs or crushed testicles . 
  actually you are not even a plant , complete brain death involves death of all organs unless they are on a life support . 
  anyway , all three scenarios mentioned by the op are legal right now . 
  it 's not the government that wants the ban , but some nutjobs and it wo n't pass like it did n't pass in the past . 
  we will have our status quo , because nobody really wants to mess it up , poland is too divided on the topic . 
  i 'm in the same 5 % though i 'm not really proud of it , actually i have no feelings about it i just am . 
  it 's like being proud of not believing in santa or that earth is flat . 
  on the other hand most of my friends said `` yes '' to two other questions but they are going to church only in case of funeral or would say they 're atheist but they would believe all sort of silly shit other than mentioned in two other questions . 
  also my mother sits in `` i believe there is some sort of spirit or life force '' group rather than `` i believe in god '' group because she believes half of what church says is proper bullshit , yet she still goes to sunday mass just because it 's a tradition . 
  things are always complicated with people . 
  i think you seek logic where there is none . 
  they just need reason to beat someones face to a pulp . 
  i bet they would barely understand half of what you wrote even if it was in polish . 
  the only thing i 've seen ultras being good at is anatomy because they need it for the workout and hitting where it hurts . 
  well maybe there are some , i 've just never heard of any . 
  the ones i 've met , and i 've been growing up in pretty nasty neighbourhood , were basically troglodytes with `` polska dla polak\u00f3w '' ( poland for poles ) mentality . 
  our ultras are usually xenophobes/right wing nuts . 
  ever seen leftist or liberal ultra ? 
  i certainly have n't . 
  i know i just wanted to highlight the part of the problem that i 've never seen being tackled . 
  violence feeds violence and the attacks on poles abroad might lead to stronger nationalistic movments here , attacks on foreigners , xenophobia and racism . 
  we have little to no immigrants living in poland , apart from our eastern neighbours , who are liked here so i fear tourists might become a target and it will hit the biggest tourist centers like cracow , tricity and wroc\u0142aw . 
  our current gov does n't help at all and it might lead poland into isolation . 
  i 'd like outsiders to think poland is beautiful and safe not some scary shithole where `` wpierdol '' is national sport . 
  you 'd be amazed how many brits come to cracow or tricity . 
  booze , hotels and food are dirt cheap for them . 
  unfortunately it usually brings the worst kind of tourists , loud and obnoxious . 
  i guess mixed race does n't help , being anything but white might be problematic , however it depends on a city and neighbourhood . 
  latest crisis did n't help . 
  i knew some black guys when i was still studying but it was few years ago before all this mess and they did n't have too much problems . 
  it changes though and all the agression against poles abroad will only make it worse . 
  i 'm a bit afraid that our ultras and such will hear more and more about poles getting beat up in uk to the point where they 'll start beating british tourists and it might scare off a lot of people coming here to have fun . 
  i can understand czechs and slovaks no problem , well not perfectly but it is always pretty understandable . 
  i had few ukrainian neighbours and could make sense of maybe 10 % of what they were saying . 
  russians even worse . 
  also south slavic were not that scary at least i could understand fair amount of what croats were saying to me . 
  it might however depend on a person e.g. 
  my sister ca n't understand a word when czechs are speaking . 
  maybe if they were known more widely but russian anthem shares melody with ussr one , is well known and is the symbol of oppression . 
  yeah , damn attention seekers , that vein cutting wo n't do . 
  be a man and jump under train or something .
