  some of the most influential or rich people in poland got their power because of some shady deals with previous establishment and partially thanks to wa\u0142\u0119sa we never had proper lustration so it 's easy to pull out `` you are a commie '' card . 
  because of the lack of closure after fall of communism nobody trusts anybody and it 's easy to manipulate people . 
  po 's lack of will to act in such cases made voters even more suspicious , as poles are quite allergic to elitism and patronizing stance , which po sometimes presented . 
  i sometimes feel like our opposition is so disconnected from the reality of common people that they are indirectly helping pis . 
  it also does n't help that our judges and prosecutors are so inept and the whole system is so flawed that even the most simple case can take years to close and very often does . 
  the shear thought of going to court makes common pole pale . 
  i 'd risk to say that it 's probably one of the most inefficient judicial systems in eu . 
  the biggest problem imo is the complete lack of responsibility in state institutions , they can do whatever , screw someone 's life and the worse they can get is getting dismissed just to find job on similar position somewhere else , still in a state institution . 
  i 've heard a lot of good , especially about lviv old town . 
  people have low expectations towards the entire ee like if there was no history before iron curtain . 
   oh come on , this problem is present everywhere where free markets are a thing and ist not exclusively ee related nor an excuse for this `` outcry '' . 
  yet you asked why is nobody producing cheaper in ee . 
  unless it 's something completely new you just can not compete . 
  almost everything in poland belonged to the state and it often got privatized for some silly amounts , usually people who bought these companies had some connection to new or old government . 
  then a lot of these companies got sold to western investors . 
  the ones that survived got decimated after free trade deals hit after poland joined the eu . 
  we 've been left with barely any native companies , the only competition is usually between western companies in poland and if they have monopoly well , tough luck . 
  lets be realistic here , consumer protection agencies would get sued to the ground if they started doing something like op 's posts . 
  also how should they inform ? 
  via tv ? 
  radio maybe ? 
  they would have to transmit for the whole day in many ee countries and their website would never be as popular as commercial and would look like spreadsheet , so their influence is limited at best . 
  they can only act if some company breaks the law and regional prices are not against the law afaik . 
  i do n't expect anything from germans but please stop pretending like it does n't matter . 
  you 've got established , strong economy and that took years mostly without the burden of communism ( i realize there was east germany ) and foreign companies wrecking everything . 
  last year when the new amd graphics cards hit the market it was in certain cases up to 30 % more expensive to buy it in poland than for example germany , and you got free shipping from german stores while you still had to pay in polish . 
  it stabilized after around 1-2 months depending on a store . 
  difficulty depends on what language you are already fluent in . 
  also , different languages different difficulties . 
  we have our wild endings and you can see foreigners living here for 20 + years constantly butchering them . 
  it will always make sense but they stick like sore thumb . 
  in english you have pronunciation that seems to follow no rules at all . 
  there are so many things that can be hard , from speaking through grammar to writing that i always find difficulty categories a bit bullshit . 
  additionally , each learner finds something else difficult as there are various types of intelligence and some people will learn a lot faster . 
  neither was sta\u0144czyk . 
  spooky https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghagfhngbo0, 
  do n't even get me started on sigsimund iii vasa ... 
  there is this `` wasted vote '' mentality , there is no chance in near future for smaller parties to win , they do n't have enough money , power or anything else to get enough media coverage , that 's why kukiz party was such a surprise and only because he is a known singer . 
  if you do n't want pis/po to win you vote for the biggest opposing party and end up in this vicious cycle where you practically have two party system and you end up seeing the same incompetent people change places for 20 years . 
  i would gladly join a party but i 'm as far from the leader/politician as you can get , i 've got anxiety problems and i 'm socially awkward . 
  however , i have a lot of contact with people , whether i like it or not , from very different environments and with very different opinions so most of what i 'm writing are insights and experience when people treat you like priest confession booth . 
  you think ordinary citizens seem to notice the subsidies they get from eu ? 
  most of them do n't even know how to apply for such aid , the best you can count for is they 'll notice the roads got better in most cases . 
  it 's not simple people who get these subsidies but companies and state institutions . 
  people know we get money , but they value the sense of security the eu gives and overall progress of our country , but a lot of people do n't really correlate it directly with subsidies themselves and more with free trade agreements and foreign investments . 
  they also notice that almost everything we buy is western and almost entirety of our industry is in your or french or some other rich country , which considering current nationalistic moods is making people a little bit bitter . 
  poland has been doing everything eu asked of it since it joined . 
  the sentiment is , the migrants are not european , therefore it should n't be considered eu problem . 
  the last government had no public support for this agreement , they in fact had no support whatsoever in any matter by this point , but they managed to sign this last piece of paper anyway against everybody else , so i would argue if it was `` poland '' that is not honoring it 's own word . 
  nobody wanted it , they did it anyway . 
  it actually sums up how they acted in years prior and why they lost . 
  now we just have different people doing the same shit and some more but they are much less subtle . 
  if it was my choice , i would honor the agreement , reluctantly , but still . 
  it 's an agreement after all , but it does n't solve anything , it would n't work at all , most of them would probably run away and even if not it would probably produce more hatred towards both eu and muslims while solidarity is an empty word and is worth jack shit if there are no real solutions . 
  borders are still not secure and us taking a handful of muslims would help neither greece nor italy , they would n't even feel we did anything , while at the same time the refugees would have to be constantly protected from being beaten here , i 'm being realistic here . 
  that 's pretty weird way of looking at that . 
  overall , if i remember correctly , poland was above eu average when it comes to public support . 
  picking up something that poles see as something self-destructive and using it as an argument seems out of place . 
  to simplify , for a lot of people here it 's a choice between willingly endangering their countrymen and eu . 
  whether it 's true or not remains debatable , i know , but this is how it is seen by a lot of people , call it ignorance , but that does n't exactly show support for eu . 
  somewhat ? 
  that 's the problem , i honestly do n't know who deserves my vote . 
  the `` mainstream '' parties are a big no no and smaller are usually not worth to vote for . 
  so if you are in opposition to current government you are pretty much forced to vote for either po or nowoczesna , both of which are incompetent or vote for some small party that is more in line with your way of thinking and end up giving power to people like pis as a result . 
  it 's a lose lose scenario for anyone who does n't like any of the three biggest parties . 
  i love how visible trans-european suture zone is in poland , denmark and sweden , my inner geologist is very happy about it . 
  i do n't think so , i feel like they were more apologetic at the beginning . 
  core supporters were always terrible , your standard `` moherowe berety '' will take any explanation as valid and will repeat it over and over . 
  but you do n't wind because of your core supporters , otherwise you would never lose , and people who got voted for them more reluctantly because they wanted po gone are now even more reserved and quite . 
  i realize people really like to roll with their choices , whatever they might be and learn to defend these choices over time , but i find it hard to believe anyone outside core supporters ring will find his work satisfactory . 
  it does n't help that anyone opposing pis is actually attacking or is being patronizing towards their voters , even those who only thought they are choosing lesser evil at that time . 
  instead of showing people what pis is doing wrong , opposition , as in people opposing pis overall not the parties , is creating a divide by name calling that makes these people believe pis rhetoric or stick more with their choice when otherwise they could join said opposition . 
  i know pis is doing the same but it is task of opposition to win people over , because otherwise government feels entitled to do whatever it wants . 
  teach and do n't attack , discussion instead of shouting and petty squabble . 
  even among pis supporters macierewicz is frowned upon , also they won last election because they actually distanced themselves from those two . 
  they did n't utter a word about them during campaing , gowin was supposed to be the minister of defence . 
  their biggest success was swaying young , angry people to their side , which they would n't be able to do while promoting macierewicz or rydzyk . 
  i was thinking more , keep it cool , as in keep it slow , organic . 
  let it flow and happen more naturally , you can educate , preach , whatever . 
  what i consider forceful is bringing people from different culture who do n't want to be come here , to come here anyway , to a place where they are not wanted . 
  this is unnatural , this leads to a problems and i do n't think current or future government can tackle . 
  it 's not keep it cool and let the monkeys flung shit at each other . 
  there are things you can speed up and some things which can be only sped up to a degree . 
  anyway good luck you too and have a nice evening . 
   so you 're saying we should isolate ourselves and that is going to make this situation just solve itself ? 
  no , i just think it 's not a smart thing in current political and cultural environment . 
  if something like this is forced , it might have a completely different effect to what you want to achieve . 
  it gives populist political bullets to shoot and do whatever the hell they want . 
  realistically speaking , populists are not going anywhere anytime soon . 
  if you want poles to be more tolerant you have to keep it cool and well , just wait . 
  it 's not something that you can force upon people , this actually allows nationalists to gain power and popularity , which fuels hatred and isolation even more . 
  thing is , the western world had a lot of time to adapt , to be more tolerant , we are lily white , pole only enclave with populism and xenophobia on the rise . 
  you may say what we should do , and it 's all good but it wo n't happen . 
  most people wo n't go out of their way to learn other cultures against mainstream propaganda , like everywhere else they 'll read or hear the ones who shout the loudest , often lies or half-truths . 
  you want tolerance ? 
  you have to stop giving parties like pis ammo for their populist gatling gun . 
  if nobody is forcing anything on us they wo n't have anything to scare people with , they 'll lose support , someone else will win and in time poles will become more open . 
  it might be a bit twisted logic , but poles are stubborn , the more you push the more they push back . 
  then again , i 'm ridiculously patient so my way of thinking is always somewhere around 20 years ahead . 
  people will say a lot of bad things if they feel strongly about something .
