  https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-12/documents/electricgeneration.pdf this is a bit old as i no longer work on this topic , but it might give you some insight on how different combustion chambers can be . 
  it 's not only about how the chemical process of burning pure carbon goes . 
  coal is often impure with additional sulfur and ash content , the lower the amount of impurities the more environment friendly it is , the more efficient the combustion process the less solid parts , sulfur and nitrogen compounds will go through a stack . 
  as i 've said this is n't my topic anymore , i translate papers for silesian university of science and technology , but these are more about coal perspectives and enrichment process of coal slurry or reclamation of coal from waste material . 
  new power plant technologies are often mentioned but rarely in detail and i had a bit too much work to do to read some more . 
  yes and traditionally half of poland tells stupid stuff about silesia based on informations from the 80 ' . 
  only city centres have significantly higher air pollution and still the air here is not as smoggy as e.g. 
  i 've been in sopot for a week less than a month ago and there was n't that much of a difference . 
  i bet statistics say otherwise but still it 's not like it 's very easy to notice . 
  i live 10 km from gliwice centre , in the suburbs and its really fine , there are freakin ' woods everywhere around me . 
  actually there are a lot of initiatives and studies on coal enrichment process as well as new technologies of combustion that can make coal more environment friendly . 
  however there is no will to implement them until poland gets bashed with costly fines . 
  it 's not ideal , but it could work until alternative sources gain foothold . 
  it 's not as easy as people think , also it does n't help that the whole sector is incredibly corrupted . 
  i like to try to make people understand why it 's happening and why modern poles are the way they are . 
  it 's either western europeans telling us we 're xenophobic , racist , antisemitic bunch like we should be sorry every time we utter a word or our own that never see anything wrong with us . 
  that is what you get when all of the elites get killed or exiled and you fill the void with people from small , enclosed rural communities who have seen only neighbouring village before cause it was the farthest they 've been . 
  people need time to become more open . 
  right now poland is , as you 've said , passive-aggresive . 
  you 'll get angry stares but usually that 's about it unless you are roaming the wrong neighbourhood , but it 's not the best idea even for natives . 
  people here love guests they will try to make them feel like at home . 
  the problem is poles are very protective of their own culture , heritage and influx of immigrants is immidiately treated like attack , like something that can alter our culture it has it 's roots in history as everything and we 're incredibly defensive about it . 
  we had muslims since tatars settled here , we 've had one of the biggest if not the biggest jewish population in europe , a lot of orthodox and protestants . 
  not our fault that poland has been cleansed during and after wwii and put in a bubble for 50 years . 
  it changes people mentality . 
  legal freedom of religion has been in poland since 1573 . 
  poles are not against islam per se , but rather against people from mena region as they are seen as radical and culturally incompatible . 
  it also bears a risk of bringing terrorists . 
  if there is at least one of them among immigrants and he blows himself up killing people in the process , none from immigration supporters camp will give them their lives back and country 's responsibility is to protect it 's own citizens . 
  also , it 's not that black people are no no , they are just extremly unsual , i have n't seen one till i was 16 and it was abroad and the first time i 've seen a black guy in poland was when i was at the university and i was like 21 . 
  east of the country is a shithole for the most part , it 's poor and people can be hostile even towards fellow poles who come from richer regions . 
  i do n't say poland is not racist , but give it time , history matters . 
  it wo n't happen in a day , we 've been reset into middle ages in that regard by communism . 
  however even tough there is a degree of hostility , racial attacks or xenophobic are extremely rare and fatal almost non-existent . 
  the thing with poles is that we can be hostile in speech but physical assault usually takes effort and nobody cares that much . 
  people who care are usually the ones who will beat anybody for just looking at them in a way they do n't like . 
  such people are present everywhere . 
  to our defense , the campaign in poland was pretty pitiful too . 
  there was no information that there are going to be some new net neutrality guidelines anywhere . 
  even now i bet most people here dont even know that it happend . 
  i 'm proud that i 'm one who i participated even tough poland has so small contribution that i ca n't even read the number on the diagram . 
  and you think people from british colonies fought in a war in a place thousands of kilometers away in a conflict that did n't concern them for people that didnt care about them out of pure sympathy ? 
  of course polish fought because they were attacked and then they fought for britain and with british , french and americans because that was what nad to be done . 
  it was an alliance and thats what being ally means . 
  polish armed forces in the west fought under british command during wwii and they were treated as heroes until teheran conference where stalin pushed his agenda and after which propaganda against polish in uk started . 
  then it got even worse after yalta and polish were denied participation in victory celebrations to appease stalin . 
  but it 's nice how you can see t-t zone going through poland and continuing nw . 
  i 'd say most of the cities goes with what casues less problems and is more effecient for them . 
  old european cities are very tightly packed together so building miles of tracks would completely paralyze city life and would cost a fortune . 
  the same goes for building dedicated bus lanes where there are none . 
  however cities that already have infrastructure for trams because e.g. 
  in case of post soviet countries where cars were luxury and many cities got built/rebuilt from the scratch , it might be better to keep trams and even invest in their modernization . 
  when you already have tracks then why invest in new electric bus technology if there is already something similar ? 
  or why invest in tracks when you already have dedicated bus lanes and you can just make buses more efficient ? 
  there are a lot of people against gays here , but then again it takes effort to actively fight against gay activists so almost everybody is just `` meh , i do n't care that much '' and they shout at tv or write something on the internet at best . 
  i understand this , by no means i meant the left leanining part in a good way . 
  but still we never had truly leftist government in anything else than a name . 
  they are taking the worst leftist ideas and throw it all at people to get votes while at the same time they keep their conservative way of thinking in every other respect . 
  yep social-conservative is a good term , they are only culturaly conservative . 
  they stand behind , or at least they say they do , tradition , patriotism and conservative catholic values . 
  economically they seem even more left leaning than sld . 
  militant groups and preppers are close to no - existent or nobody ever talks about them . 
  i ca n't say for everybody , but we are usually very careful when it comes to anything russian , we 've been screwed over by them so many times throughout the history that we simply do n't trust them . 
  that said , nobody i know thinks there is any possibility of invasion in near future . 
  what i meant was everything non polish nas been expelled by either poles or soviets after wwii or people of different nationality just fled . 
  i dont want to blame anyone here , reasons are theme for another discussion . 
  most people here do not recognise `` brown '' people by their respective countries . 
  this is true for all mena countries . 
  they are collectively considered `` araby/arabusy '' or `` ciapaci '' or `` brudasy '' and when you look at them this way and then everyday you see someone from that group murder , assault , organise a terrorist attack or do some other atrocious thing then it 's hard to get anybody to like them . 
  you must remember that poland got cleansed of anything non polish . 
  we are almost exclusively lily white and poles are just scared of people they do n't know . 
  i 'm not saying this is not the case , but i 've seen so many time a company that would hire uk or us citizen just because . 
  he/she was not so good in anything else and actually had problems with communication with the rest of polish crew cause they all had to switch language . 
  they could hire a pole proficient in english and save everybody trouble . 
  i 'm not saying it 's some kind of `` they took our jerbs ! '', 
  case , as there are close to no foreigners from the west here , but when there are they usually struggle with finding a job less . 
  of course it 's all anecdotal , just experience of my friends . 
  if you ca n't find anything else the worst case scenario is working as native speaker for language schools . 
  degree in economy , marketing , it is quite nice to have here . 
  not many other grads have it that easy and many will usually be forced to work outside of their specification for a poor wage on some shady terms . 
  also i 've noticed our companies seem to love foreigners from western countries . 
  but if you get a job that gives you even average polish salary ( the one from statistics ) you will probably live quite happy life . 
  you ever read anything about chernobyl ? 
  it was old technology at the time it was used there and close to ancient now , completely out of place , with close to no security measures to keep that piece of crap at bay . 
  on top of that they neglected the little security they had and led to catastrophe . 
  then they lost a lost of time trying to cover up . 
  soviets in a nutshell . 
  fukushima on the other hand sits on a volcanic island known for all kinds of natural disasters , earthquakes , tsunamis , hurricanes you name it . 
  how does all that translates into central european conditions ? 
  to new technologies , new materials , procedures and engineering practices we have ? 
  people are scared cause they are ignorant . 
  you mistake conscience for responsibility . 
  i may feel guilty that i did not help her but from more pragmatic point of view , you owe her nothing and she is not your responsibility . 
  majority did not read it , majority do n't know it . 
  also as much as i 'm against the mess pis is doing , this constitution is shite , it leaves too much for interpretation , too many holes and ultimately is the reason why all of this is happening right now . 
  we try to hide him but he comes back every time . 
  tbh i 'd rather see them rebuild than do something like this . 
  of course if it 's built using the original materials and looks like it did in the ancient times , not some architectural monster with mixed elements . 
  it 's subjective but for me that thing in the picture , it 's ugly as hell . 
  we can into throwing ?
