  there is very high chance a lot of them wo n't be coming back . 
  that 's whole other issue , but you ca n't ignore the fact that as the attacks became more frequent the more people grew even more hostile towards them . 
  you ca n't and you should n't have to protect people 24/7 . 
  government is bad for whole lot of different reasons , you can be against immigration but they are doing it in the worst way possible , at least considering european standards . 
  however , right now it got to the point i 'd say it 's better not to send them here . 
  there is much higher chance that they 'll get beaten and discriminated than there will be any terrorist attack in poland . 
  forcing migrants on anyone wo n't really make it better if anything you would see a lot of baseball bat `` accidents '' in near future . 
  show me a country were it 's rosy ... 
  i can give you similar examples from germany towards poles , from france from pretty much anywhere . 
  if there is significant minority around somewhere there will always be assholes around . 
   their staunch opposition to accepting asylum-seekers , and criticism of brussels for trying to enforce the scheme , are popular among their nationalist-minded , eurosceptic voters . 
  yeah , no . 
  majority of polish citizens are pro eu and many of their voters only voted for them cause they got fed up with po . 
  the fact that people do n't want migrants comes from fear as they look at the the attacks in western countries . 
  if they were so `` nationalist-minded and eurosceptic '' they would be hostile towards anyone coming here , which is not the case . 
  to be fair vilnius was never really a polish city apart from interwar period . 
  it was part of the plc , which was divided into crown of the kingdom of poland and lithuania and vilnius never belonged under the crown it has always been in lithuania . 
  also `` according to peter oliver loew ( 2011 ) the common language in danzig until the partition was german and the knowledge of german was the premise to become an integrated burgher , however , according to maria babnis ( 1989 ) the majority of the population in the city spoke both polish and german and spoken language did n't determine national identity . '', 
  actually during the first partition the city fought to remain polish , so even though the majority was able to use german we can also assume most of them were able to use polish and they wanted to stay within poland as they did for hundreds of years before being capture at the end of xviii century . 
  people perceived nationality very differently back then . 
  stettin , yes it was german for the most of it 's history , but it 's almost 100 % polish now and so is gda\u0144sk . 
  it 's legally polish territory right now . 
  it 's just tiresome to hear these claims every time the city name shows up anywhere . 
  it 's more about good manners and not pointing out all the time that you want some of other people 's clay or that it was yours at some point . 
  body parts tend to shrink when left in sunlight for too long , but i guess they had a surplus after revolution . 
   feierabend i suppose it 's fajrant in polish, 
  yes we have lipiec . 
   my point is that terrorist can get in your country even as tourist in theory and the only way to stop any muslim to enter would be by closing the borders and say fuck you to schengen . 
  they certainly do n't do it now so why increase the chance . 
   do you really like the island idea ? 
  it would n't just mean deporting illegal immigrants but taking refugees as well and they could go to poland , just to be sure you understand what that would mean . 
  afaik when you are granted asylum somewhere you are obliged to stay there not roam around the continent like there 's no tomorrow . 
  when somebody obtains refugee status it does n't mean he has the same right as eu citizens and can do whatever the hell he/she wants . 
   you do n't see how helping refugees escape from war help them or are you talking about us ? 
  if you are talking about us , we are not helping them to gain something , we are doing it just because it 's the morally right thing to do . 
  i 'm talking about both them and us . 
  you ca n't really tell if mena stabilizes anywhere in near future . 
  will you be taking everybody every time there is conflict ? 
  north africa has such a high fertility that we will get drowned in people . 
  it will cause problems , racial tensions , integration issues and worse if not in near future then further down the road . 
  it 's not about gaining anything , it 's about not losing what you have . 
  having high moral standards is great and all but these decisions may have extreme repercussions in the future and acting based on feelings or morals might not be the best idea . 
  i 'd rather show restraint than happily trust everyone . 
   by the way , if i were pedantic i would say that border controls are quite tight here since we do n't have boats arriving in italy without us knowing it . 
  the problem is what we do with the boats we find but certainly not finding them . 
  you are pedantic here and you did say that . 
  i think you know what i meant there . 
   only eu citizens ... so like tourist coming to italy and taking a train to poland are n't part of the freedom of movement ? 
  what about an italian citizen born in morocco ? 
  what about a refugee that has a job in germany and wants to go visit poland ? 
  if i were to think of every possibility that comes to your mind and then write about it i would be doing nothing else for the next few days . 
  tourists are freaking tourists they do n't intend to stay here by design . 
   what 's next ? 
  will romanians have to flee the country because of the hate for gypsies too ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm telling that poles are not as tolerant as west is , it takes years of exposure to multiculturalism to become tolerant and we did n't have that . 
  we are almost completely ethnically homogeneous and if you we ca n't guarantee that migrants will behave then we ca n't guarantee their safety . 
  lots of people here wo n't restrain themselves to igniting candles or tweeting as a sign of solidarity . 
   right , when was the last time we had an islamic terrorist attack in italy again ? 
  and we even have the pope in the country . 
  i do n't know and frankly i do n't care , all i know there are enough western countries where muslim from mena or their descendants are a problem , which right now we do n't have . 
  why should we ever willingly expose ourselves to terrorism hazard even if the chance is relatively low . 
   and the water is wet , any other breaking news ? 
  do you think only poland cares about the lives of its citizens or am i missing something ? 
  no , i just think bringing problems to your own soil and then trying to solve them is not a solution . 
  i 'm a simple citizen , i do n't know how to solve it , i just know that i do n't like the idea of having people from area ridden with fanatics and/or radicals come here . 
  i 'd gladly agree to island idea , i 'd love to see tighter border control , immediate deportation of north african immigrants etc. 
  i do n't see how bringing more and more people with very different cultural background helps anyone . 
  it will just tear eu apart . 
  jews are special case because it can be both religion and ethnicity and most of antisemitism is aimed towards ethnic jews rather than converts . 
  we can speculate all we want but it 's clear we are talking about muslims from more radical or dangerous areas . 
  nobody has a problem with balkan muslims , tatar or any other integrated muslim minority . 
  they 've been here for hundreds of years , they are indistinguishable from any other european ( for the most part ) . 
  if you take a lot of people from a place that does n't share our culture and values you 'll have a hard time integrating them into your society and that leads to even more hate and discrimination . 
  we are bound by treaties with the eu to provide freedom of movement and be tolerant towards eu citizens , there was never anything about taking anybody else . 
  poland as an democratic country is young , we are happy we finally have our independence , we are safe for the first time in a long time and we are adamant about protecting what we 've achieved . 
  if there was even one islam related terrorist attack here it would be such a shitshow that even integrated muslim would need to flee and you 'd see the real racism . 
  i think that even though we might be morally obliged to help real refugees we are really not responsible for what is happening in mediterranean sea , however , it is governments responsibility to protect its people and the moment someone dies here , it 's on their hands . 
  i realize that italians or greeks feel that poles are turning their backs on them , but you have to understand that we have n't had a single terrorist attack yet and again and again we are looking at civilians , children being murdered in broad daylight . 
  even if there was a single terrorist among 10k refugees , if he kills someone then nobody will give the lost lives back to his victims . 
  islam is not a race , it 's a religion . 
  until now we 've had no problem banning ideologies that are considered dangerous and when you take people from countries that do not share our standards and principles and who are prone to radicalization the i 'd consider this whole situation dangerous . 
  country should first and foremost protect it 's own citizens . 
  if it 's 80 % i would n't call it vodka . 
  traditionally it 's 40 % in pretty much every slavic country . 
  you can tell it 's neat because the way it is !, 
  there are many ethnic groups that are considered polish by general population even tho some ultra nationalist will tell you otherwise . 
  people of vietnamese , tatar , german , ukrainian or belorussian decent for example . 
  there is difference however between someone who wants to be pole , thinks of himself as a pole and is a part of society and people like most of the roma , who just happen to live here , exploit the system and are very often mixed in shady stuff . 
  they are even eating pizza while talking to him . 
  you 'd think that there need to be some respect and manners while talking to a president of university . 
  racism aside , they do n't let him talk , they eat , laugh , shout , what the fuck is that ? 
  i just read some more about it and indeed it 's not incredibly meaningful and rather hard to visualize . 
  we can just say it 's a measure of statistical measure of genetic divergence . 
  anyway i find it a bit weird that southern slavic countries are closer to , let 's say , france than any western slavic country . 
  i wonder if it is because slavs assimilated many native populations when they reached balkans . 
  well yes , but what are the units of x axis ? 
  that distance has to be measured somehow . 
  i would n't count on reasonable when it comes to anything involving our healthcare . 
  it works like this .
