  not exactly , it 's true for some regions/cities tough . 
  the most immigrants came to heavily industrialised areas to get a better job or work on rebuilding . 
  a lot were sent to areas that have n't seen polish majority in centuries , like pomerania or lower and upper silesia as germans got cast out . 
  meanwhile you would n't see many people from kresy in e.g greater poland . 
  pis would never have won if not for tusk and his party . 
  yes they were good at improving european relations but at the same time they neglected so many internal issues that for a lot of people it seemed like the only thing he did was doing handshakes with merkel . 
  pis is even worse as they manage to screw up both internal issues and diplomacy while having attitude of 5 year old , but i blame tusk for making it easy for them to win . 
  ohh sorry my mistake . 
  poland would be probably `` yellow '' today . 
  we 've had a lot of migrants from ukraine in that last two years . 
  edit : sorry , i did n't notice it was within eu . 
  shhh , do n't you dare ruin this moment . 
  i have tears of happiness in my eyes and i want to hug you . 
  thank communists for that , these poles who sought refuge in the west during wwii had been treated as traitors and cowards by pro-soviet propaganda , elites who knew were killed off or sent to syberia , some kept their heads by staying low or running away to the west . 
  people who left were simple folk , peasants , physical workers , pretty much uneducated mass , while edducted were treated like garbage and did n't have much to say . 
  it changes now as we are rebuilding our intellectual potential and we can finally learn stuff from history that was hidden for years . 
  to add to this it does n't help that roma and romanian sounds related and add to the confusion . 
  i know it 's hard to explain but back when the slur was used people saying it did n't really mean romanian as nationality but rather a set of specific features that characterised romanian gypsies that came here if that makes any sense . 
  do n't take it personally guys , as i 've said it 's not about romanians but about gypsies , it 's just ignorance of people using that slur . 
  roma folk worked really hard here for the opinion that people have about them now and unfortunately they were all from your country . 
  the thing is the poor and stupid will always try to find someone to make fun of to feel better , cause their life is shitty and they it makes them feel more important . 
  they are n't two-faced . 
  they are blatantly douchy . 
  this is pretty sad , as we should have more understanding considering how some americans used `` stupid pollack '' as a slur and some still do . 
  germans perceived us not much better than gypsies for years . 
  not so long ago my friend was denied a guest room in germany because she was a pole and they were afraid she would steal something , and they told her that right in the face . 
  every nation , social group etc finds someone who is doing worse . 
  if that makes you feel better , i have n't heard anyone using `` rumun '' as a slur for years , however that perception that `` rumun '' = gypsy is still alive not only in poland but on the entire continent . 
  it really depends on a region and a family . 
  after wwii a lot of people from incredible shitholes went to the city and it still shows . 
  these are backward people , close-minded and ignorant . 
  when someone tries to imitate city folk or an elite but it shows then we often say that the hay still comes out of his/her boots pointing out both peasant origins and manners . 
  unfortunately , in poland , the word `` rumun '' is pretty much a slur that means someone dirty , beggar , thief , and gypsy . 
  like i 've said before , it slowly loses its pejorative meaning but it takes time . 
  maybe not against romanians per se , but we 've had a massive influx of romanian gypsies in the 90ties , which resulted in romanian and gypsy being almost synonyms and i think i do n't have to explain how roma people are perceived here . 
  it changes . 
  slowly . 
  still a popular belief tough , especially amongst ignorant . 
  why am i not surprised it comes from a latvian ? 
  what fruit ? 
  it 's as fruity as [ this ] ( http://niemieckachemia.pl/pol_pl_chante-clair-piatti-500-ml-pomaranczowy-plyn-do-mycia-naczyn--6626_1.jpg ) . 
  [ we have more classy packaging ] ( http://jabolowo08.w.interiowo.pl/powyzej5zl/lesnydzban.jpg ) for almost the same price . 
  right now , the moment you announce you try to look for a cure , you are gon na be called homophobe , which is funny as it has nothing to do with being homophobic . 
  the upper silesia may look a bit cramped but it nicely shows that this is basically one big city consisting of few cities of similar size and few smaller ones . 
  it 's sometimes called silesian metropolis . 
  anyway , at least katowice is a must have on the map as it is the voivodeship capital . 
  the lack of katowice ( which is the biggest city and pretty much capital of upper silesia ) or sosnowiec or d\u0105browa g\u00f3rnicza while having towns not much bigger than a big village is a bit weird . 
  otherwise , great work , keep it up !, 
  to add to that , there is also a situation where people will get the minimum wage and the rest `` under the table '' . 
  also , companies are looking for workers who have their own one-person enterprise so they can pay all the additional costs themselves while the employer has to only pay wage . 
  it 's also got ta be said that this insurance is a total bullshit and you will get little to no return for all the money you pay . 
  people are paying for the ones who are retired right now , but because it is based on demographics so it works almost like a pyramid scheme and unless something changes , young people will end up starving when they 're old . 
  the biggest problem that leads to all this is zus ( obligatory insurance ) , it pretty much kills or cripples most of the small and medium businesses and sometimes even bigger ones , research facilities included . 
  it creates this gray area because everybody tries their best to avoid it and it can be very costly . 
  neither did i. i do n't even know what 's the point especially considering how our public tv looks like right now . 
  we have something similar but it 's more known in greater poland , it 's called pyrki z gzikiem . 
  i 'm not the biggest potato fan but this is just great . 
  well , it 's creative ... give me a second i 'm gon na puke . 
  it 's not the point . 
  this is fat thursday you have to roll with it . 
  where i live lines are shorter but it still takes around half an hour . 
  it 's actually quite nice to see people being so dedicated . 
  i think it would be better to make a small bubble around poland . 
  it seems like we are one of the kind so it would actually make it easier to find poland on the map withouth making it illegible . 
  also it would help to highlight that drifting away . 
  why is poland in latin america ? 
  oh yeah , i forgot about that , good point . 
  this is pretty much the only viable solution ( i think ) that we can , as a country , introduce relatively fast . 
  my geology knowledge got a bit rusty since i only translate articles about coal mining and processing now . 
  to be fair , it 's not like we have a lot of alternatives . 
  we can make ourselves more reliant on natural gas but we do n't have deposits and we really do n't want to be dependent on russia . 
  we do n't really have a place or conditions for a big hydropower plant , or a big solar plant or enough wind farms . 
  none of these things will provide us with enough energy considering the ever growing demand . 
  nuclear power may be good but it 's expensive , controversial , nobody wants it in their backyard and it takes a lot of time to make it happen . 
  also waste , which can potentially be stored in cavities left in our diapirs and old salt mines as it 's probably the safest way right now . 
  it also does n't help that everybody responsible stall and wait for the end of their term praying that nobody asks any problematic questions . 
  but you would have to add cazu marzu after baking otherwise it will lose all of its ... ehm , lively flavour . 
  yes , although diminutive version klopsiki is the more popular . 
  it 's pulpet or pulpety ( plural ) in poland . 
  sometimes , also called klopsy . 
  buka ( groke ) was n't so bad for me , but hattifnattar or hatfinaty in poland were so creepy . 
  wierd wobbly little dicks ... 
  yeah i 've bought the canadian syrup in poland , which was pretty expensive but it wasnt nearly as good as the one that was bought there and brought home . 
  also that better one was recommended by canadian friend so i guess it was higher quality than standard export syrup . 
  i 'd love to provide some brands but it was like a year ago or more . 
  i do n't . 
  i remember how kids were picking on other kids in school for having too big ears or wearing braces or whatever . 
  i can just imagine what treatment the kid of a gay couple will get in poland . 
  it 's already hard enough to fit in knowing you are adopted . 
  you ca n't teach kids to be progressive , not really . 
  they learn it with time and their teaching process usually involves hurting others . 
  this involves any social behavior . 
  let 's be honest , when you are a kid you will do a lot of things your parents do n't want you to do and it 's easy when they are not looking . 
  one thug with stronger personality and charisma will pull even the best children with him to bully a minority . 
  i 'd like to see any study that shows how the environment reacts to children of gay couples as all i 've seen till now is always based on upbringing at home and how children and parents perceive each other . 
  i 'd gladly buy your maple syrup , the one we have here is not even close to the one my cousin brought from canada . 
  yes , but they are susceptible to being converted again later on when they get into depression , their spouse is a devoted believer etc. 
  they are the followers , people who are following trends , following the crowd , they are the mass , which pretty much flows with the stream . 
  you wo n't eliminate religion with people like that around . 
  there are people like me who will never belive but i still think religion is needed at least milder forms , screw radicals .
