  you sign up to a clinic of your choosing in your area . 
  there you have your family doctor , which is something like primary care physician or general practitioner . 
  you ca n't go to any specialist on your own without a referral from this doctor . 
  sounds simple ? 
  however it depends . 
  there are areas where situation is really bad and while it 's usually easy to get to family doctor , specialists are something completely different . 
  i do n't know how bad it is with gynecologists but sometimes you have to wait months for other specialists . 
  also , polish doctors have the right to refuse you prescription based on their conscience , beliefs etc. 
  but he must send you to another doctor then . 
  this makes a lot of people go to private practices and pay extra to get there faster . 
  in such case you pay around 30 euros for a visit and it can be higher , plus you have to pay for a pill , which can cost from somewhere around the price you mentioned up to almost 30 euros . 
  additionally , pharmacies in poland are in a state of disarray because for quite some time they 've been treated like shops and there was almost no control over what has been happening . 
  free market pharmacy boom made it so ridiculous that you can find areas where there are way over a dozen pharmacies many of which are very poorly supplied for too many reasons mention here . 
  basically there are places where you 'll have a hard time finding medicine . 
  overall , this will make life shitty for everyone involved but at least some conservatives will be able to sleep well knowing they 've `` saved life '' . 
  we have to remember that time is really important when it comes to these pills . 
  edit : also forgot to mention , as someone whose family has owned pharmacy for almost 30 years now , with a lot of friends in the industry i can tell you that i 've never heard of any abuse of these pills in poland , it 's just too expensive , especially for students or teenagers . 
  the pack usually contains single pill and it 's pretty expensive in poland so i ca n't see how anybody could be abusing it like candies . 
  also it is contraceptive pill too , just works in a bit different way . 
  there were few comments from pis politicians where they clearly shown their ignorance thinking it 's some kind of an `` abortion pill '' . 
  considering the state our health services are in you will have a hard time getting prescription in time . 
  i did n't really check who will be able to give prescription for these pills but for the most things in poland it works like this : you have to get an appointment to your family doctor who then gives you prescription to visit the specialist . 
  you need to get appointment to get to specialist who will then give you prescription for the drug you need . 
  the problem is that there are not enough doctors so you sometimes have to wait a long time to visit . 
  that will make desperate women go to the hospital or an emergency to get a prescription for a contraceptive , which is a complete and utter bollocks . 
  it will only lead to expansion of the black market and then we will have a real plague of unchecked drugs doing all sorts of damage . 
  edit : i double checked and you do n't need a referral to go to gynecologist so there is that . 
  however the whole thing is still acts like an unnecessary obstacle . 
  it really depends where you live , but generally flats are expensive compared to wages and if you add the cost of living you are left with nothing and you 'll live like a rat . 
  we 've also had a lot of problems with so called `` garbage contracts '' that really hindered young workers . 
  many also work illegally because it can be pretty hard for smaller employers to give normal contract , as obligatory insurance can get pretty expensive for smaller companies . 
  i do n't know the exact stats so take it as anecdotal but i know quite a lot of people who left , but many still want want to stay . 
  however the ones who wanted to look for a better life already left and not many are moving away nowadays . 
  the situation for simple blue collar workers is rather depressing , a constant struggle to save something . 
  the best chances are among the it , corporate workers and couples . 
  if you split the rent it 's not that bad as food and bills are pretty cheap and cooking your own meals is still very popular in poland and can save you quite a lot . 
  we still are n't used to the idea of living with roommate . 
  some does but stranger in the same house is not really very popular . 
  also financial , at least in poland . 
  dorms are relatively cheap so they are always full , but young people have a hard time to not move in with their parents again after they finished their education . 
  very often you 'll start with intern , minimum wage or slightly above , which is simply not enough to rent a flat in current market and have reasonable amount of money afterwards . 
  if you earn enough to rent you 'll have a have a problem with saving and getting your own flat in the future and this is a big thing here considering how utterly awful renting market and law regarding it is . 
  many try to first find a partner and share the cost of living or save some money and buy own flat with a help of family . 
  i have to mention that with polish average wage or even slightly below it 's very doable , but this average is not really that average , at least not everywhere and not for people straight out of school . 
  unless you are in it . 
  so do i , but i also , being raised in pretty conservative environment , see the other sides way of thinking . 
  even if they are backwards thinking compared to west , they are on their own soil , it 's like home and they set up their rules , which should be respected . 
  forcing somebody to change will only result in the opposite . 
  in the west change was gradual , it occurred over decades , while now everybody in the west expect the east to change in a few years . 
  it 's really getting better but some patience is needed and that has to be respected as well . 
  changing someone 's way of thinking overnight is impossible . 
  this is not how world works and it 's pretty naive to think it will ever be this way . 
  when you are going public with anything prepare for criticism . 
  if you know very well you are acting outside of social norms you should expect to get bashed for it and while you probably wo n't get into any problems for just being gay , running half naked , dressed is rainbow unicorn outfit will earn you as much bad rep as eating with your fingers in an expensive restaurant . 
  people who dress and act like that most often do that on purpose , to shock , to get attention . 
  if you do that in a place that is very restrictive in that regard and you know it you have as little respect for residents as they 'll have for you as soon as they see you . 
  that is why you dress properly in religious places , that 's why you do n't run around in underpants in your neighbors house etc. 
  we have social norms for a reason . 
  stop treating everybody like special little snowflakes . 
  they have brain and they very well know what they 're doing . 
  imo this is the biggest problem today , normal is what always controlled how society works for thousands of years , it defines culture , it sets precedents for everything we do . 
  you do n't have to act normal , but do n't act surprised if you get called out on it . 
  additionally , it 's the minority that seeks approval from the rest of a society not the other way around . 
  if people who want to be respected act so that everybody around is creeped out it will bring only negative attention . 
  shocking everyone is never good way to go . 
  well yes , i 'm not saying everybody would love gays if rainbow penis guys had suddenly disappeared , but it certainly does n't help to create positive image in prudish countries where gray , brown and black were the most stylish colors to wear for 70 years . 
  change has to be gradual , we are getting it all relatively fast from the west and people are n't used to that , it looks outlandish and in contrast with culture and way of life , pretty much offensive . 
  many people feel they need to defend themselves from that and in poland the very often good defense is a good offense so they usually defend themselves by using baseball bat . 
  the more it is forced , the weirder , the more flamboyant the more opposition there will be and the change will be slower . 
  that 's why i said that these are two of the most recognizable . 
  there are others but unless they have very high social position like biedro\u0144 then they are almost invisible compared to people like these two . 
  exactly , poles are pretty down to earth , and i 'm sad to say this but a bit backwards in some social areas . 
  in pole 's mind the lgbt activism looks like this : http://media2.wcpo.com/photo/2015/06/27/wcpo_pride_31_1435439671601_20402612_ver1.0_640_480.jpg two of the most recognizable gays in poland are micha\u0142 pir\u00f3g and tomasz jacyk\u00f3w who are both annoying , arrogant and dress like if they escaped the circus . 
  micha\u0142 pir\u00f3g : http://r-scale-e8.dcs.redcdn.pl/scale/o2/tvn/web-content/m/p43/i/df12ecd077efc8c23881028604dbb8cc/d05cdd06-8198-4908-aadd-69148d1fe3f5.jpg?type=1&amp;srcmode=3&amp;srcx=1%2f2&amp;srcy=0%2f1&amp;srcw=640&amp;srch=360&amp;dstw=640&amp;dsth=360&amp;quality=85 tomasz jacyk\u00f3w : https://www.google.pl/search?client=firefox-b&amp;biw=2048&amp;bih=755&amp;tbm=isch&amp;q=tomasz+jacyk%c3%b3w+instagram&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjvxyh22fvtahwijzokhvi3dsyqhyyikg it simply makes homosexuals look bad if these are their most known representatives . 
  if you want to be respected here you should be as normal as it can get . 
  running around in weird clothes or half naked with lady gaga stuff on your head wo n't get you anywhere . 
  normal looking lgbt supporters have nowhere near the exposure of these kind of clowns . 
  you 're eloquent i give you that . 
  on one side you had poles who fought against foreign oppression and were forced out of their homes because i do n't know if you 've noticed there was a massive genocide going on on a scale never seen before . 
  on the other hand you 've got syrians who are running away from horrible civil war and prosecution that seemingly will never end cause even if the war is over the power will most likely still remain in assad 's hands . 
  who would willingly return to a country where people are tortured and gassed when they disagree with government ? 
  you have to take that into consideration when taking people from syria . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  the most poles in the middle east were in iran and that was around 120k . 
  there were no hundreds of thousands of poles in the middle east and you also forget that both iran , iraq and syria were controlled by uk and france . 
  additionally most of the poles were adamant about getting back to their country when the war is over , while we can not really say the same about syrians . 
  poles in uk are working and paying taxes in uk , for the most part , so they get money they deserve as any other resident . 
  poles that stay in poland are not responsible for them or their actions , we get nothing out of it . 
  also calling the whole nation fuckers because they do n't share your opinion ? 
  the poles that emigrated did so for themselves , it was their individual choice that has been part of the eu deals . 
  i get nothing out of it so spare me that group responsibility mentality . 
  when people are talking about poles it 's like we are some kind of monolith where every pole is responsible for action of another it 's ok , when we tell how people from mena are causing troubles we are bashed that not all of them are bad and we have to take more individualistic approach . 
  it was n't the part of any eu deal to take people from outside the eu , we will gladly welcome anyone from member state if he/she is willing to come . 
  there were a lot of them coming but when they got invitation even more had started their trip , why is it our responsibility now ? 
  where was solidarity when merkel invited them without consulting with fellow member states ? 
  there was no plan , nothing just `` take them and we 'll see '' . 
  in eastern europe ? 
  everywhere else ? 
  very often , unfortunately . 
  if they did n't we would n't have these shitstorms .
