  foreign companies often pay silly taxes here . 
  no one in the west ever objected to that , but free market works both ways and our workers undercut wages , so if you now suddenly want to raise wage in eastern europe , hundreds of thousands of people will lose their jobs and economies based on foreign investments will collapse . 
  i 'm all for raising wages and all that , but it has to be done in some more reasonable way that forcing everyone in the east to give their workers two or three times the wage they earn now . 
  the change has to be more gradual and not something that happens in an instant . 
  it is really common , you hear news like these all the time , but it usually happens on much higher level . 
  i guess the trough is too tempting . 
  thankfully , we do n't have much of the corruption like our eastern neighbors for example , where you often have to pay every clerk or civil worker to get things done . 
  however , it still makes people really pessimistic and cynical . 
  the law is shit , full of loopholes and the whole judicial system and caste is spoiled and corrupted and the problem is nobody wants to touch that because it gives you bad rep. pis is changing things but they are actually ones that you 'd rather they do n't . 
  so we sit with this status quo on so many things it 's insane and the change is painfully slow . 
  basically , if you do n't have a good system to scoop the scum , it will always float on top . 
  nah , this kind of shit has been a norm since the fall of communism no matter the ruling party . 
  yes and from what i 've heard they 've been cutting trees ( healthy oaks and pines ) that are rarely or never attacked by european spruce bark beetle . 
  it really depends on pub and area . 
  the price difference between the same beer can be massive . 
  i 've seen it ranging between somewhere around 1 $ up to more than 3 $ in extreme cases ( normal people tend to avoid these ) , it gets better though . 
  i remember we usually had to get few beers in a store prior to going to pub it was so expensive , otherwise we would be broke before we could even get wasted . 
  now it 's affordable . 
  still much more expensive than store , you 'll usually pay double the store price . 
  as someone who needs about an hour to get to ostrava from home , i ca n't really say the prices are that different , it 's pretty much the same . 
  czech beers are better tough , then again , considering the current beer trends you can get some czech beers at almost any pub at least in southern poland and there are craft beers everywhere . 
  nobody wanted to believe pilecki 's reports until much later in the war . 
  let me rephrase it . 
  even now , when i 'm an atheist , it does n't feel like it was indoctrination back then . 
  it felt just like a custom , tradition and it still does . 
  indoctrination has this underlying intent to it , that somebody wants you to think in the way they do . 
  not even one tradition in poland seem to have this , and yes , as someone who lives in a country where indoctrination was a thing for over 50 years , almost everyone was able to tell propaganda from the truth , that 's why poland has such a low trust towards public institutions nowadays . 
  it 's basically a remnant of the times when nobody could trust the government . 
  first of all i did not stick to anything and even if some other people do is it really a problem ? 
  we believe morals and standards that can not be scientifically proven all the time , no matter if you believe in god or not , these are just ideas we stick to so that our society does n't fall apart . 
  people are herd animals , they need to belong to one group or another . 
  the moment they are alienated they tend to fall into depression or develop some sociopathic behaviors . 
  traditions , even that of religious origin , are binding experience for nations , groups , families and like i said , unless they 're harmful attacking them seems pointless and more harmful than helpful . 
  i agree that polish church needs some reforms , but attacking even its good aspects at every point seems like paranoia . 
  most of these fun religious rituals are actually not catholic , these are converted parts of our slavic or even older pre-christianity traditions . 
  the only remnant of paganism and old culture and they define us as much as any other tradition define other nations . 
  if we remove everything we are left with individualistic , culture-less bunch of people with no diversity apart from maybe cuisine , and even that is fading due to globalisation . 
  i do n't know the progressive attitude seems so weird to me . 
  you are supposed to reject `` fairy tales '' and `` religious nonsense '' or any other tradition because it is a thing of the past , yet you are also supposed to be tolerant at the same time . 
  why ? 
  i was catholic when i was a kid and i believed everything . 
  maybe it was dumb for people like you , but life was simpler and i was happier , it never felt like indoctrination and never felt like a shitshow until much older when priests started to use their influence to sway people politically . 
  these were just fun traditions that made you feel like you belong . 
  i do n't believe anything anymore and i got cynical as fuck , but damn me if i 'm going to ridicule other people for being religious . 
  unless someone is hurting other person in the name of religion i have no problem with that . 
  i do n't want to be that guy , but it 's a girl . 
  to be honest , most of that was somewhat behind the scenes , through religious politicians and some organizations linked to church . 
  in day to day life , catholicism is really becoming something that people seem to be a bit ashamed of . 
  especially among younger people it 's something you do n't really want to show or talk about it . 
  nobody will ever attack you for going to church on sunday but you 'd better not talk about it or your religious views too much , at least it 's like that in bigger cities while religion play much more important role in lives of countryside folks . 
  it also depends on a priest , some seem to have some kind of paranoia , like your loudspeaker one , and he indeed exaggerated a bit , but the decline of church 's importance is happening , and it probably should n't really surprise anybody . 
  these attempts seem like a whining though . 
  they do n't count as refugees because they themselves do n't consider themselves to be refugees . 
  they do n't even apply for asylum they come here for work , but yeah that 's a lot of people still . 
   es it is . 
  because they can do it poland today if they want to . 
  not accepting refugees will not prevent a possibility of an attack , as you only need one person . 
  today there are so little of them that it 's pretty easy to monitor . 
  also , they stick like a sore thumb around poles and poland itself is not really important for them right now . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot wannabe terrorist did n't know a thing about us so why attack ? 
  terrorism is about attention , it 's much better to attack heart of europe than its outskirts . 
  so unless we `` breed '' some of our own terrorists or bring some here , there wo n't be any foreign one coming any time soon . 
   austria , switzerland have muslim population almost as big as france ( approx 7 % ) and even bigger then uk , yet the problems are not the same . 
  cyprus even has like 20 % muslim population . 
  these countries have had their muslim populations for years , before the troubles started , before the radicalization started . 
  most of them are turkish , not moroccans , afghans , pakistanis , algerian or whatever other radical muslim country you can think of in case of france or uk . 
  same goes for cyprus , most of the muslims there are of turkish descent . 
  there is a difference between taking people from turkey , which is ( or rather was ) more or less up to most of the european standards , and countries where people can still get stoned to death for blasphemy . 
   so it has little to do with having muslim and how big the community is . 
  it has more to do what policies and attitudes that poland and poles will implement that 's the biggest problem actually . 
  our governments were always incompetent when it comes to social issues . 
  it also has little to do with muslims per se but a lot with where they are from . 
  of course , but is it so unreasonable for people to be scared to take people in when they are from area ridden with terrorists ? 
  is it that unreasonable for people to fear that in 2 or 3 generations they might become radicals and do exactly the same they do in the west ? 
  thing is people are scared , fear is somewhat irrational but this fear will lead to even greater problems . 
  ee countries are scared , migrants/refugees are scared and such situation can only lead to something bad . 
  you ca n't really prove anything when something is n't really happening . 
  the attitude here is more along the lines `` if it 's not happening why try to change it ? '', 
  i 'm not talking about myself . 
  i 'm talking about general fear here . 
  people do n't like muslims at least not the ones from middle east . 
  `` they say , french and english have been taking them for years and look how well it goes '' . 
  they are afraid that it 'll set precedent for taking more and more people from these areas and in 20-30 years we will have the same disgruntled second and third generation muslims prone to radicalization . 
  well , they are certainly not seeking to get asylum in poland , that 's for sure . 
  eu is forcing ee to take them and we would have to force them to stay , to be honest , i find it hilarious . 
  dear lord , you had friends from erasmus ? 
  you must be an expert now . 
  i 'll tell you a secret . 
  so did i. 
  some from iran , none complained . 
  experiences vary . 
  deal with it . 
  where did i say it does or that we are pro immigration ? 
  i just do n't agree with the article as if all of the pis voters are nationalist-minded eurosceptics . 
  this is utter bullshit . 
  even a lot of pis members are not really eurosceptic , it 's just a lot of most prominent figures are just selfish , arrogant bastards . 
  nobody but assad will be managing it when the war is over and he has already shown that his managing skills are not the most pleasant . 
  you 'd have to be mad to come back to a country where people getting treated with chemical weapons and torture . 
  some will , but i do n't see majority coming back once they 'll settle in europe . 
  this is a civil war and you have to remember they are running from assad as they are from isis and he 'll most likely remain where he is .
