  my guess is that eastern europe is having something of a culture shock , the transition is really fast , young people want the living standards of the west while the country , despite all the subsidies , can not provide yet . 
  they are so focused on career and ton trying to get more they simply can not afford resources to have children . 
  but even if they reach the living standards of the west the situation wo n't really change as we can see on the example of many western countries . 
  in developed countries people will always chase career and self improvement and settle for less children or even no children at all . 
  i wonder how much of france and nordics fertility comes from mena immigrants , who as we know have pretty high fertility rate . 
  just bear in mind these are only my thoughts on the matter not a hard stance . 
  what do you mean space ? 
  to be honest , your theory about standards of living is not much better , considering how very often the highest fertility rates are in countries with terrible standards of living . 
  just look at africa . 
  because only poor and stupid come to poland on holidays or a free weekend . 
  great reasoning . 
  i 've got two controllers for pc , in fact i played through the entire w3 on a controller on a pc twice . 
  same for countless other games . 
  after living in cracow for a while , where a lot of brits came to have fun , i could n't see them as anything else than warhammer greenskins , just less green and definitely less threatening . 
  i have only seen posh ones in a tv . 
  i 'm extremely sad that horizon : zero dawn is not available on pc , the best i can get out of it is youtube playthrough . 
  formally it was never the capital of poland , but i agree with the rest , it is probably the most polish out of big cities in here . 
  my father kept telling me this since i can remember . 
  now i got honey from my cousins husband who is a beekeeper . 
  you can always make it liquid again by heating but it takes time and you have to watch out to not overheat , otherwise it loses all of its properties . 
  yeah , we 've been celebrating all that time and they did n't even have the declaration , what an outrage !, 
  really ? 
  i did n't see it before edit . 
  that 's a bit of a bummer . 
  i 'm not saying every single turkish student is like that , just the ones i 've met . 
  not many german students in poland but the germans i know or met are pretty chill so i guess experiences differ . 
  it was a few years ago so even tough poland was kinda `` anti-brown '' it was still before the massive immigration wave and nowhere near current levels . 
  mena guys were considered exotic and attractive by many girls , especially the more open-minded ones . 
  we 're talking about students after all , not bigoted village girls with stereotypical torch and fork . 
  not talking about turks as a nation/ethnicity , just about my experience with their erasmus students , so just spare me your `` racist '' labeling . 
  exactly my experience with turkish erasmus students . 
  treated everyone around them like garbage unless they wanted to bang a girl then they would act so nice it made everybody nauseous . 
  girls were like shadows , never talked to anyone . 
  normally they all kept to their own and when they finally had to interact with poles they would do it with this annoying attitude . 
  of course there were some exceptions but when it comes to erasmus students , they were assholes as a whole . 
  i 've had much better experience with iranians and moroccans . 
  they were always polite and happy to talk to everyone . 
  the map is representation of 2010-2015 period, 
  i think they were counting without uk . 
  but yes , it seemed a bit off . 
  it also did n't really explain why is poland important and only briefed the current situation . 
  yes it was great , but as you said it 's very sweet , maybe not very strong in alcohol volume sense but it 's like wine , kicks hard in the head even tough it seems like it should n't . 
  the name is in regards to parts of water used in relation to honey , so p\u00f3\u0142torak is 1 unit of honey to 0.5 unit of water , while `` tr\u00f3jniak '' is 2 units of water per unit of honey . 
  dw\u00f3jniak is 1:1 ratio . 
  the more honey has been used and the higher the class of mead , alcohol volume and sweetness . 
  great for one or two drinks with some fatty food , not the best for a party unless you put buckets everywhere , but that 's probably the case with a lot of sweet and heavy alcohols . 
  i 'm speaking 1.5 liter of very good , expensive mead by myself , but at that point i think i might have been nauseous after drinking juice considering how fast it went in . 
  and yes , hangovers after mead are a work of the devil . 
  it is even growing slightly due to building boom from a few years back when a lot of people bought or built their own house in villages around major cities . 
  i got drunk with `` p\u00f3\u0142torak '' few times and i 'm really not surprised mead is not that popular . 
  i 'm still barfing every time i smell it . 
  amazing taste in small quantities but in excess it makes you nauseous . 
  what ? 
  something like 40 % of poland 's population lives in the countryside . 
  i 'd rather argue that brewing your own alcohol is dying out compared to communist times when even a lot of people in cities did it . 
  actually , according to the last two polls ( ibris and ipsos ) , they have between 29 and 32 % while po is gaining again , they 've got between 27-29 % . 
  if they continue their sabre-waving attitude then they will have small chance of winning the next elections . 
  they are losing a lot of people who were never their core voters and who were just tired of po 's fake smiles and assurances . 
  thing is we have exactly the same but with addition of terrible diplomacy and treating everyone like ignorant garbage . 
  that 's a pretty naive thing to say . 
  in most cases you have no idea idea how good the candidate is at leading . 
  yes he/she usually have some political history but leading is whole other thing . 
  so you are voting for promise , for image that a candidate sells you during the campaign . 
  it 's very often not real , it 's well-crafted and artificial and only after first term you really know what to expect . 
  so when transgender person decides to go into politics the first thing you see is just that , he/she is transgender . 
  for a lot of people it will be hard to accept unless this person has a really good record . 
  the image of a leader is very important , it is the first thing you see and saying it has no influence over what you are thinking seems like a bollocks . 
  anyway it 's really hard for me to believe that 40 % . 
  gay people , yes . 
  transgender , well i 'd like to see more data . 
  i 've been there as a kid , and something went into my eye . 
  it hurt like hell for next two days so the guy who was taking care of us took me to some local eye specialist . 
  his practice looked terrible , like an old apartment , extremely unprofessional and i was this 11 year old in the foreign country without parents around and only with that tour guide ( he took me to the specialist on a scooter ) . 
  so the doctor used some drops then took something that looked like ear stick , and shoved it behind my tear gland . 
  he seemed angry that i blinked few times , but it 's kinda hard not when someone is doing this to you . 
  anyway , he took it out and started laughing . 
  the guide translated that it 's good that we came so fast cause there was a small fly there and it already laid eggs . 
  good times . 
  i 've had some minor problems with that eye ever since . 
  as a pole and also an atheist i 'll tell you . 
  nobody cares here unless you live in really , really backwater village . 
  also this militant atheism that tends to ridicule people for their beliefs , as presented above , is as obnoxious as any religious people feeding you with their ideology . 
  yes !, 
  i 'm a pole and i do n't need no vegetables , i require good kie\u0142basa and schabowy with maybe a little bit sauerkraut . 
  yeah with `` reasonable guy '' tag . 
  so you just confirmed what he just said linking right wing media outlets ? 
  maybe except `` demotywatory '' , but i would hardly call that a source , it 's like linking 9gag post . 
  and yes , there was a lot of news about polish killing jews during wwii . 
  gross and engelking were promoting it like if we were some nazi country worse than germans and they got a lot of attention . 
  the sad thing is that only these type of news get outside to other countries so we have `` polish death camps '' , polish killing hundreds of thousands of jews or that poles were more cruel than germans . 
  let 's be honest , most people are not much interested in history and when they only read this kind of things about poles they will have some pretty twisted image . 
  has some nice areas but overall it 's a place that southern poland treat as both obstacle and way point while travelling north . 
  at least now there are nice ways to go around the city and not right through . 
  you can clearly see the entire carpathians . 
  warsaw , vilnius and budapest behind freaking detroit ... 
  sosnowiec does n't have anything like that , but you can put a random block of flats on mr hobo 's plastic bag . 
  ca n't really tell about radom , i 've never been there . 
  thanks for that , it is bulls hit indeed . 
  well , theoretically it can be called wuszt , but i 've lived in silesia my entire life , around a lot of people who use local dialect and have n't heard being used at all . 
  there is also oplerek/oplerka , which is more of a thick wiener , i 've heard it few times , but it 's also starting to fade out .
