they say smoking can ruin your life . 
  brace yourself , the summer is coming, 
  your 0 % is not much better either . 
  they were but not as bad anymore . 
  i do n't remember the last time me or any of my friend had anything stolen unless they left something in public , but that is something that happens in the west i reckon . 
  i guess 90ties reputation stuck . 
  the only thing that still gets stolen quite often is a bicycle , even if you chain it . 
  also litwa in polish , the same pronounciation . 
  this sound so wierd like the accent is all wrong . 
  from what i 've experienced it really depends when you started working . 
  if it was just after communism or just after we joined eu then there were so many opportunities for starting either a company or getting really good job . 
  right now , unless you have very specific specialisation or education you will have a really hard time . 
  not everybody can have a company , not everybody can be a boss , the problem lies with simple low tier workers . 
  you ca n't get anything with salaries they pay you , you have no rights and you will get exploited . 
  i found my niche but the most people i know are completely screwed and have very hard time changing it , no matter how hard working they are . 
  right now poland is all about connections and nepotism . 
  your zus numbers are also outdated , it 's 470ish and 1100ish respectively , which grants you absolutely no perspective for the future retirement . 
  additionally , the queue and legal path to get anything from the eu is bullshit . 
  i did n't get any because i 'd have to wait a year for their approval to even start my company , which at that time meant i 'd have lost almost all interest of my customers and there was no guarantee i 'd get any money at all . 
  there were a lot more issues but it 's too long to mention all . 
  to give people outside of poland rough numbers , minimum salary is 1850 z\u0142 , renting a flat and i mean the smallest possible in my city ranges between 700 ( complete shithole ) to more than 1000 z\u0142 , then you pay your bills , which is somewhere around 400 z\u0142 at the least , you are left with 450 z\u0142 to survive whole month . 
  but wait i forgot to subtract taxes ... 
  sorry to say but there are like than 1 % poles who earn the money you mentioned . 
  almost 30 year that i lived in poland , i 've never heard bu\u0142gar used as a slur , most people here know nothing about bulgaria , except maybe some that went on holiday there . 
  i 'd say nutella ( ferrero ) is quite a thing for italy . 
  well , he was neither polish nor german , the debate is pointless because people did not put so much weight on nationality back then but rather on region they were born in or on their family . 
  he was german speaking guy with some polish and german roots who was a subject to polish crown . 
  what is important here is that he was considered polish citizen , even if his true ethnicity is debatable , and what he left of his research was in poland at that time and it has been stolen by swedish . 
  because poland built its economy on cheap workforce for foreign companies . 
  right now it 's really hard to work in your profession , sometimes almost impossible . 
  in most cases you will be working for minimal wage , which is not enough to live on your own , not to mention there is barely any possibility of getting promotion . 
  many of my friends are either exploited or in some grey legal area doing one internship after another so that employer can avoid paying too much . 
  i got my own business but sadly , most of my friends are barely managing . 
  it amazes a lot of poles coming to uk that you can work the low-skilled job and still be able to have enough to rent something , pay your bills and have enough for food and something extra from time to time . 
  it 's also worth to mention that `` no '' , `` ano '' , `` ta '' and `` ja '' ( in case of silesians ) are all informal , with `` ano '' being more of a case of agreeing with someone than normal `` yes '' . 
  also `` no '' is treated like a comma by many poles in spoken language , especially by younger ones . 
  he told you already . 
  yeah i realise that , i had lived in gliwice since i was born so i could see the difference after moving out , but as i 've said the location is somewhat by forests so it 's not that bad . 
  it 's not amazing but way better than in the city . 
  also at the time i 've lived there people had even less regard as to what they were burning . 
  everything went into furnace , sometimes the smoke was so white that you wondered if they were choosing the new pope . 
  i think there is but nobody really controls it , there are no inspections or anything and all offices rely purely on reports from good citizens and sometimes even that is not enough . 
  clerks will do everything to allow themselves to do nothing . 
  the air is cleaner in villages around if you are near newer neighbourhoods , old houses still use coal fueled heating so it 's bad . 
  i live not far from gliwice , but area is surrounded by forests and these are relatively new houses . 
  however the worst are the cities , but not because of factories , most notorious were closed years ago , but all the cars , chimneys and such . 
  people forget that these cities form one urban giant and a lot of houses are old and still using coal frunaces . 
  when someone from outside comes here he have a hard time telling where one city ends and other starts . 
  thanks it was actually very interesting , but i 'm usually excited seeing new fonts so it might be just me . 
  how do you type in the face anyway , without copying it ? 
  alt codes ? 
  to be honest this problem , maybe except dilluted washing powders , is not that widely known , it rarely reaches big media outlets and a lot of people , especially older that still remember communism , when there was almost nothing on the shelves , do n't care because it 's better than it was . 
  on the other hand those of us that do care do n't really have the power to do anything , because government ca n't really forbid companies to do anything , and companies have monopoly so we either buy their products or buy nothing . 
  of course there are some branches where this is not the case and we have our products that i believe are surperior to western counterparts but there are a lot of sectors where there are monopolies , which are almost impossible to deal with . 
  also it 's not like the `` dilluted '' products are terrible , they are just worse than their western counterparts while priced the same . 
  it 's kind of a shitty loop that is really hard to get out of . 
  it does n't help that foreign investors often do n't have to pay taxes or pay close to nothing , while native companies are almost crushed by them . 
  anyway the best i can do is make reasonable purchasing decisions and try to vote the right people , it 's not like i can just open a washing powder factory , make a new great brand and make poland great again . 
  i 'm a simple citizen it 's easy to say , you have to do this or that when you actually did n't have to do it yourself . 
  wallet voting is good but not always possible . 
  china is a semi-controlled market , they can block any company they want , they do n't need to stricly abide by free market rules , so it 's apples to oranges . 
  also it is n't victim complex , it 's the current situation in whole ee , there are no native companies , no competition , we buy western things cause there is no alternative , it 's not like we can pick and choose if every company treats you like second category citizen . 
  there are a lot of people who just get original german products shipped to their houses cause you ca n't buy them otherwise . 
  even brands that seem native are often already in the hands of western corporations . 
  we would basically have to stop to eat , drink , wash , drive and god knows what else on the national level , this is just ridiculous and impossible to do . 
  either spanish like their weed a lot or they 're just really bad at hiding it . 
  it 's a small village , you see . 
  the priest was not very aggressive towards the whole idea but you could see he was constraining himself and his arguments , even though he tried to keep them quite moderate , did n't leave much room for interpretation . 
  well , this was few years ago , he was a pretty nice guy , not a natanek type of priest , he just had an opinion and it is shared by not insiginificant amount of people here . 
  i just think a heavily devoted part of society have a hard time understanding that modern halloween have nothing to do with religion , it 's just an excuse to have some fun and it does n't compete with all saint 's day , which is pretty depressing to be honest , at least for me . 
  i meant the whole idea of celebrating everything just like americans , it seems appaling to a lot of people , like if suddenly we would lose all of our national and cultural identity because children get some sweets and dress up . 
  actually people celebrate halloween in my neighbourhood . 
  it started few years ago , it 's nowhere near as neat as american version but it 's an area that consists almost entirely of single family houses and it 's safe here so kids go around with an adult and people just got used to it , we even have some decorations , nothing special but kids know which family celebrates so they know where to go . 
  however , when i 've still lived in the city and i was still participating in sunday mass , halloween has been an issue every year . 
  even when i 've moved here and had a chat with a priest he used to present halloween as a satan 's holiday . 
  apart from religious reasons a lot of people oppose it due to cultural reasons , as they see it as an amercanization . 
  well that 's a good reason , however renting market in poland is a shitshow right now and unless you already have someone to share the costs of living with you 'll live pretty poorly , unless you earn at at least national average , which is not as average as it sounds . 
  of course it depends on location , the branch you are working in and such , but for average kowalski the start is pretty rough . 
  so you basically end up with no savings , poor life and overally pretty miserable until you get a promotion , which make take a while for a lot of reasons . 
  well after our extensive and somewhat wild privatisation a lot of land went to the farmers , which they later sold to developers who build whole neighbourhoods of this single-family houses . 
  however lots are sometimes so wierd in shape that these neighbourhoods are sometimes cut off by the land that has not yet been sold . 
  it 's unused barren piece of crap that looks like a wild meadow but the guy is old and just wo n't agree to get cables through his land . 
  we only have this small road leading to our area , however the isp wo n't go through there as they would have to wreck half of the road in the process and it is too much for not all that many people . 
  yeah and here i am with my 10 megabits at best , because some old asshole peasant blocks the upgrade possiblity for the whole neighbourhood . 
  like seriously , my whole town , every neighbouring town and every city around here have some decent connection except this one tiny spot where i live . 
  i think he meant , after their government fell apart , nobody believed that they will be in power ever again until now and it took almost a decade . 
  i realize they are not treated as simple soldiers or clerks or anything like that and that they will get for simple hand waving and meeting diplomats or as people are saying for `` being born '' , but i was more interested in meaning these medals . 
  what did they got all the medals for ? 
  yes , he has , he always had and right now pis is unmatched when it comes to voters support so he can afford to anger some people when there is no real threat to his rule . 
  anyway , politicians all around the world do things that anger voters , whether because it benefits them , party , country or just to defend their beliefs . 
  do n't ask me , but would it be the first time when government is doing something against the will of voters , against everyone basically ? 
  neither am i , but apparently it is a full time job for the people in government so maybe they could do something for once . 
  okay maybe , i really do n't care cause citizen initiatives rarely goes through , if ever . 
  my bad i just repeat what i 've heard , still it 's not like it 's anywhere near being representative it just shows who was better at getting their initiative signed . 
  you must admit , however , that it 's a bit easier to get a sign under `` protect the children '' act than `` let every woman scrape her uterus '' . 
  abortion still have a bit negative sound to it in many countries , poland included , but people are content with current situation . 
  well it might have not been that bad on paper , we still developed and had some significant growth , but there was not a single law or regulation or anything that made it easier for people . 
  when you are 20 something and you struggle to get a job and when you get one you ca n't afford to rent anything alone anyway , you get a bit upset , especially if you are well educated . 
  when you watch half of your friends run away from the country and you see them renting something in like few weeks later with dishwasher wage it 's kinda depressing . 
  at the same time you turn on tv and hear that poland is becoming amazing , everybody loves us , unemployment goes down , labour offices work more effiecient , you are starting to question your sanity .
