  we know our sausages . 
  this was not a good sausage , it was so finely minced that you would n't be able to tell what it was made from and it was soft and kinda disgusting like if it was falling apart in the mouth before you even started using your teeth . 
  and the taste was just bland you could n't tell if it was pork , chicken or toilet paper . 
  ok , can we just agree that this sausage was bad and the family who said it 's great just had a shitty taste ? 
  it happens . 
  i know plenty of people here who have a shitty taste too . 
  a few years ago i had a friend who studied in bavaria and he always said that the food is great and is something that we call `` swojskie '' , which means something along the lines of `` homemade '' , usually in the countryside . 
  the sausage i mentioned was my only attempt on german meat and it has given me a very bad impression . 
  i do n't know how good it was but it was like this market bought sausage , which that german family said is their favorite . 
  i really want to believe you have better in store . 
  in my house , we actually make sausages ourselves , white sausage , smoked , whatever tickles your pickle so i think my taste buds are ok . 
  a friend once brought white sausage that was considered the best by the family they lived with in germany . 
  it tasted like what wiener made out of paper and fat . 
  i like your sweets tough . 
  i was basically shouting at my tv when the news about breaking the deal emerged . 
  soviet propagandists said as many things to make poles look like idiots , especially in the interwar period , during and after wwii , as nazis . 
  we do n't feel particularly connected to our eastern neighbours either . 
  we are naturally whiny and we like to think we are something completely separate . 
  but when you look at poland or czech republic it has more cultural ties with western europe than eastern . 
  however , i think that central europe should be a thing , when discussing european culture as you really can see difference between countries like austria , germany or czech republic and france , uk . 
  these are slight and even hard to pinpoint but the mentality of central european countries is closer to ours . 
  it is something in between east and west . 
  i feel like i 'd get along and understand german guy better than e.g. 
  someone from belgium . 
  edit : some grammar and phrasing . 
  l is pronounced as everywhere , i think you meant \u0141 which is a bit like \u00dc , maybe , somewhat , however much closer to english `` w '' e.g `` what '' and `` where '' would be '' \u0142ot '' and '' \u0142er '' using polish letters , accent excluded . 
  yeah also it 's funny how a lot of people do n't realize most of them would be a lesser men for ruling class if they travelled through time to the golden age of commonwealth . 
   \u0161e\u0161ios \u017e\u0105sys su \u0161e\u0161iais \u017e\u0105sy\u010diais well even translate said fuck it and did n't want to read that . 
  yeah it 's sometimes confusing for poles because we have just a word ksi\u0105\u017ce to describe both prince and duke . 
  also swamp , saying that finland is just flat does n't reflect how defensive it 's terrain is . 
  i consider them more festive , while sausage makes youngling polan stronk . 
  also golonko , nothing makes your joints better than that . 
  sausage , do you even need anything else ? 
  actually both version are correct in polish , however kasper is rarely used nowadays ( if ever ) . 
  of course , i 've only mentioned the cosmetic side of this style . 
  although , urban planning is still shit and problematic and actually created more problems than it solved . 
  why put people in small apartments in 10 storey blocks and then spread these blocks so much that it seems like a waste of space , cause you have this single tower and nothing around it with one road which is too wide and unnecessary for the amount of traffic , cause not many people could afford car back then . 
  thing is , people responsible for that were usually totally incompetent and got their position only because they were tied to the ruling party . 
  well , communists had a very bad habit of removing ornamentation from older building and putting ugly blocks of flats everywhere . 
  it might be interesting but rarely is beautiful . 
  some photos really look better than reality . 
  most buildings just got grey from the pollution and just stayed that way to this day . 
  sometimes they were grey from the start , it 's just depressing , especially in the winter . 
  some cities that were built or heavily expanded by communist in poland are usually considered to be the ugliest . 
  these were built up by communists . 
  only d\u0105browa looks kinda nice . 
  sosnowiec is basically a nationwide joke , b\u0119dzin and czelad\u017a are pretty much the same . 
  it also does n't help that the urban planning is just god-awful , like if it was planned by a child with a bunch of small boxes and huge table . 
  everything is so spread out that it does n't make any sense , you have these stupidly wide and long streets with almost no buildings and traffic and then you have very narrow ones that clog up half of the city . 
  you can pretty much write about it for hours . 
  yeah it means something like market or bazaar in singular , but in plural form it can be anything from bazaars , and markets , or fair , exhibition and expo , basically any sort of gathering where you can trade things or show off your products . 
  the verb targowa\u0107 actually means to haggle . 
  well there are diffrent types of bazaars , in gliwice we have one big outdoor market that we call , well simply car market , which is pretty big and sell all kind of cheap stuff , tools , cars , clothes , bikes , gadgets and all that crap , very often from black market . 
  there is usually no food there . 
  at the same time we have markets - `` targs '' that sell food and sometimes very cheap clothes and some misc items like pendants clocks dirt cheap ugly jewellery and similar small items . 
  however food is the most important thing and compared to all the other stuff you can get there , is of much higher quality . 
  most often what you will want to get there are fruits , vegetables and diary . 
  there are no brands just stuff from smaller farms . 
  when it comes to cheap lab food , it 's something that either really poor , drunks or students buy here . 
  too bad you get this kind of food from us . 
  edit : corrected some mistakes , autosuggestions on the phone can be a bitch . 
  i 've always wondered which polish products are getting exported . 
  brands specifically , because i 've heard few times already that our food that you can find in foreign supermarkets is uneatable . 
  i 'd like to know if they send you some no name shit with `` product of poland '' plastered on top or is it some big company that is considered ok here but we got shitty taste . 
  personally i buy diary on bazaar or targ as we call it and very often it 's just a way of distribution for smaller producers with much better quality food than the mass produced crap found in supermarkets . 
  especially diary is better there . 
  yeah that 's the downside . 
  same , i 'm drinking energy drinks , tea and yerba mate ( i hate coffee ) like there 's no tomorrow and the best i get is me getting a bit hungry and i got ta pee a lot . 
  it neither wakes me up nor prevents sleep . 
  exactly , also i hate the current trend to call everyone who is right leaning a populist . 
  anybody still remembers po 's campaing in 2007 ? 
  it was as populist as it could get and none of the promises made in campaing videos were actually fulfilled . 
  to be honest almost every subject mentioned in their campaing got even worse , maybe except the amount of highways built . 
  it also explains bad air quality in poland . 
   yes , abortion is the healthy choice if the choice is abortion or a pregnancy . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the consensus in the medical community . 
  consensus ? 
  there are hundreds of studies and all are pretty much inconclusive because even doctors are still divided on the issue and seem to push their agendas . 
  you can easily see that under every study there is some other researchers questioning it . 
  it 's a very complicated problem and i 'm not even pretending that i understand all of it , but a lot of studies on abortion completely ignore long term effects that the procedure has on physical and mental health of it 's subjects while at the same time they do that in case of pregnancy . 
  anyway even if pregnancy is more dangerous than abortion it 's still is n't a perfectly safe thing and let 's not treat pregnancy like if it was a tapeworm removal . 
   do you know what kind of medical system that we would have if it did n't take those factors into account ? 
  those are some of the basic premises of medicine and health care . 
  well i 'd rather take who reports over something like this . 
  like i 've said health system should be about treating people , pregnancy is not a disease and unless it 's life threatening it 's more a matter of convinience and choice . 
  i 'm neither pro-life nor pro-choice , just have my own views on the thing , somewhere in the middle . 
  i just do n't see how it should be involved in healthcare evaluation . 
   the definition of plastic surgery is `` plastic surgery is a surgical specialty involving the restoration , reconstruction , or alteration of the human body . '' . 
  it 's more than making them tiddies bigger . 
  sorry i meant cosmetic surgery . 
  you all act like abortion is perfectly safe and better than pregnancy while there are also complications tied to abortion procedure . 
  both physical and mental issues arise , it really depends on a subject . 
  it 's all the matter of preference and i do n't think it should be taken into consideration when evaluating healthcare system . 
  you could basically use the same approach and include plastic surgery . 
  healthcare system like the name suggest should be about health in the first place . 
  it 's still a bit shit here but for whole different reasons . 
  well , it 's east of them , however central europe was a thing geographically and culturally and even officially until cold war kicked in and split europe in half . 
  the division was obvious and you can still see how undeveloped ee is compared to it 's western neighbours , but on the other hand eastern eu countries significantly surpassed their eastern neighbours and are getting closer and closer to the west . 
  also , for example western slavic people are often culturally closer to france or germany than to russia , so being put in the same category , especially after years of being forced into submission is really annoying . 
  people just want to cut their ties completely and being called ee somehow makes people feel like they are something worse .
