  some people will never accept we are pretty much an ongoing chemical reaction on a speck of dust in the infinite void and that nothing awaits them after they die . 
  it would break them . 
  the hesitant will gravitate towards anything that matches their current mood or a current trend . 
  when they feel rebellious or even just lazy they 'll call themselves atheists , agnostics or whatever else they find on the internet to justify that . 
  if they are depressed , the first convincing imam , pastor or rabbi who will make sense out of their misery will convert them . 
  i might sound a bit cynical but i 've seen it too many times , once even in my family to really bother fighting religions . 
  we , as humans are not really there yet . 
  yeah , as many people as new converts to every religion there is . 
  there are people who seek something to believe in because they need it and no arguments will speak to them , cause as / u/sithrak said before me it belongs to the faerie land . 
  the whole point of religion is to believe rather than know . 
  priests are not looking for people who try to rationalize god , bible , allah or whatever , they are looking for the ones who do n't ask too many or too difficult questions . 
  coming from a country where there are a lot of fake believers but also a lot of totally devoted people , i can tell you that the latter are always assuming that this is the way it should be and when you try to argue you are immediately considered an enemy . 
  on the other hand , there are people from religious environment who seek justification for their lack of faith . 
  these `` hesitant '' people will try to find guys like hitchens to tell them how to . 
  they would never be the core believers the catholics or islam is looking for . 
  if they are still going to church they 'll be these type of people who go there just because everyone else does or it 's a tradition or whatever . 
  you wo n't see them going out of their way to protect their religion or to participate more than it is expected of them . 
  poland had no air quality control back then , it was just production . 
  in my home city , you had industrial stacks all over the place , factories , and smelteries were everywhere . 
  the biggest ironworks was located right in the city center . 
  my parents told me that you had to clean windows every other day cause they were getting covered in soot . 
  every building was dirty , dark gray colored . 
  90ties were not much better . 
  right now it 's still bad but the communist era was in a league of its own . 
  i 'd like to add that even though the income doubled , the prices of many products , especially food and drinks doubled too mainly because inflation . 
  in the late 90s you could buy standard mcdonald cheeseburger for 2z\u0142 now it 's 3.50 , big mac from 4.90 to 9.70 and it was raising in pretty ridiculous rate . 
  you could see everything getting more and more expensive every year . 
  it hit poor people the most . 
  that said luxury items , electronics cosmetics all got cheaper compared to wages . 
  the consumption power is still way higher than it was but this makes young people who were kids back then a little bit biased . 
  you can often hear how back in a days you had 10 z\u0142 and you could buy more than you could eat , now it 's sometimes not enough for package of lay 's and coca-cola . 
  yeah , i agree , just wanted to point out it 's not really related to redditors all that much . 
  if an attitude of reddit posters had any significance , pis would n't win and brexit would n't happen . 
  what you see in this subreddit is not representative of what happens in reality . 
  literally and figuratively . 
  yes , there are western companies all over the world , but eu gave these companies freedom to operate on polish soil according to eu laws . 
  almost everything was sold in the 90s to private investors and what has n't , got sold as we 've entered eu to foreigners . 
  you would not believe how many companies , which were pretty much staple of our industry are now in hands of our western neighbors . 
  you do n't have to tell us how swell it would be if the trade with russia resumed . 
  our transport companies and our farmers lost a lot of money when embargo started . 
  however you never know what to expect of russia , one time they wo n't give you back your plane wreck , the other they 'll invade someone and blatantly lie about it and the other they 'll ban your meat transports just because duma said so . 
  we are the last country on earth that wants war , we 've had a non-stop war for almost a millennium here , but when you give russia a hand they 'll rip off your arm and beat you with it . 
  it may seem paranoid , but ask ukrainians , turks , balts , pretty much anyone who had to deal with them and you 'll probably hear the same . 
  nobody wants nuclear war cause this would probably mean the end of the human race or at least a leap backward to the stone age . 
  poland was pretty much exemplary eu state for the last 8 years , at least in a diplomatic sense , the fact that right now everything goes to shit is not poland 's fault but rather because of failed immigration policy that led to all this crap that is happening right now and raise of the right wing . 
  po was a pretty shit party but they concealed their scandals and polish problems very well , but they did their diplomacy right most of the time . 
  pis is like this little-spoiled brat that is basically collective trump but more backward conservative and way less powerful and charismatic . 
  macierewicz ( minister of defence ) was n't even supposed to be a minister , he was pretty much smuggled by kaczy\u0144ski after the elections . 
  almost everyone was pissed off and rightly so , he dismantles the army right now , generals and high-ranking officers retire en masse because of all the bullshit he is doing . 
  even in france , you got le pen , who would probably dismantle all the eu if she could and her support , even if not enough to give her power , shows how bad things are in almost every eu country . 
  the majority of poles will always tell they want to be allied with eu more , but we are actually afraid that eu wo n't be able to cooperate well enough , at least not in its current state . 
  that is why support for european army in poland is pretty high . 
  there are idiots everywhere , do n't think that whole country is bad because our idiots are pretty loud and whiny . 
  look we have our problems , but do n't trust media too much . 
  the paranoia right now is so over the top , that it makes a false impression of what is happening and not only in poland but everywhere . 
  it 's worse than when people waited for 2012 apocalypse . 
  i was joking , but yeah , in most regions it 's quite hard to find any minority unless you are actively looking and sometimes you have to look hard . 
  [ not much diversity here ] ( http://weknowmemes.com/generator/uploads/generated/g1366715591735250970.jpg ) . 
  living here whole my life and i have n't seen a non-white person until i was 20 . 
  we 've already been bringing our minority to germany for quite some time , the troops are the problem tough . 
  did you just mention ... [ the commonwealth ] ( http://www.slavorum.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/feels_good_hussar.jpg ) ? 
  you have no idea how it boosts german and french economy to invest in ee countries do you ? 
  it 's a huge customer market , we all buy in auchan and lidl , very often western european products , your companies own a lot of subsidiaries here as they could n't compete with yours when free trade hit so do n't act like it 's only money draining . 
  not to mention brain drain we experience here . 
  also a lot of that money went on infrastructure to boost trade even more . 
  you indirectly get a lot of that money back . 
  yeah we did n't buy caracals , most of polish people are pretty upset too . 
  nobody here is happy with what 's happening in our army right now . 
  and pissing russia ? 
  west europe will never understand this , but you really ca n't trust russia as a country , it always meddles , us and pretty much every russia 's neighbour knows this . 
  we did n't provoke ukraine conflict . 
  when not giving them everything and everyone they want is considered bad then i do n't know what is good . 
  you seem to spread some stupid propaganda , there are issues but nowhere near what you suggest . 
  pis will lose power sooner or later and poland will keep getting better . 
  i 've heard people like you already before who think this is a potato field with backwards , stupid people with xix century mentality . 
  none of these people ever been here , just spread some stupid crap they red on the internet . 
  i 'd love to see you looking for german minority to save in poland , it would probably be an amazing adventure . 
  something along the lines of neverending story . 
  it is considered mental disorder by who . 
  it might change in near future but today it is still considered a disorder . 
  also , this is a very delicate topic , but i always take this kind of science with a grain of salt , as it 's based on what other people * feel * . 
  we still do n't understand how a lot of brain processes work how each chemical influences our thinking process so in many cases that research is pretty much guessing . 
  right now it 's more about what we want it to be and if the society wants to remove or maintain social stigma by scientifically proving it one way or the other . 
  do i think they do n't deserve equal treatment ? 
  no , i do n't , every individual should have the same rights . 
  however , a lot of poles do n't like the idea that giving them equal rights might open a gateway for lgbt adoption . 
  i do n't like that idea either tbh , not because i think they would be bad parents , on the contrary , i think they might great parents , but they are and they 'll always be a minority and no matter how hard you try minorities will always be something outside `` normal '' . 
  my point is , children are cruel , they often do not have the empathy that adults have , a lot of them will just try to fit in and it 's easy to pick on that one kid in school , whose dad wears a dress or who has two mommies , and it only gets worse as years go by and that kid becomes a teenager and tries to figure a lot of things out , especially with how easy it is to make fun of people nowadays with all that social media . 
  a lot of these kids will not only have to live with the fact that they are adopted but also with a social stigma of being a child of lgbt couple . 
  it may be better than orphanage sure , but it may be not , but i do n't think social experiments should be conducted on children and then after 20 years we will say `` oops , sorry we were wrong , that kid is now fucked up , but we 've learned a lot '' . 
  our scientific knowledge comes and goes , new theories come , old ones become outdated . 
  you mean feudal serfdom with abusive knights and illiteracy ? 
  it would be simply amazing . 
  and to be more serious , every country back then was a total shithole for most of the population , only a few had a good life and still , they would n't be able to imagine what us lowly peasants have in their houses right now . 
  just do n't grab her by the pussy , even germans do n't know what 's down there . 
  looks like he is trying a bit too hard to look aryan . 
  sounds incredible . 
  i 've always wanted to see bavaria , i 've heard a lot of good about it . 
  who do you take me for , you do n't boil weisswurst , or bia\u0142a kie\u0142basa how we call it , you put it in a hot water for a while . 
  look , sausage has become pretty much one of the national dishes in poland .
