  in major cities religion lessons are excuse to do homework for other classes or play games on your phone or whatnot and you can easily withdraw by getting a paper from parents . 
  tbh , when i was in elementary and highschool you were ostracised when you were too religious . 
  most of the people envied others who did n't have to participate . 
  however i live in silesia and it 's kind of the biggest urban center in poland . 
  do n't know about less developed areas . 
  were n't they gypsies in snatch ? 
  i would n't be surprised if she had lived in britain longer than the people who told her to go home . 
  there was an algierian in my dorm who learned polish for something like 5 years maybe and i thought he was raised here , not even a trace of an accent , everything perfect . 
  however , he was one of those linguistic talents you do n't meet too often , he was fluent in french , english , polish and i 'm not sure but some other language too , i think it might have been german . 
  why ? 
  because canadian serb told you it 's good that you suffer ? 
  so basically someone who has nothing to do with eu . 
  as / u/jimotron said , we are kind of divided in the matter . 
  it reminds people communism and it has this grim , monumental architecture that every building of that era bears . 
  like it tries to look detailed and pretty but the whole mass of the building , it 's shape is so monolithic . 
  it 's like half-life 2 citadel to me . 
  wow it looks like if a huge hand took our palace of culture & science and pressed it against the ground . 
  we do n't but it 's relatively flat so it can be covered with things . 
  because a lot of your words sound to us like diminutives and czech in general is a little softer so these two things make it sound like a little like a child 's talk . 
  of course it depends on a speaker , i heard czechs that had pretty hard accent and it was n't funny at all . 
  i do n't know a person who does n't like smalec with bread straight out of bakery . 
  people who were leaning right/conservatists had a little choice and after years of po people wanted change so they fell for szyd\u0142o 's campaing and you have to remember that during that time kaczy\u0144ski avoided attention . 
  also their rhetoric was a lot more subtle than it is now . 
  i have no idea , ate something like this once and i wasted whole day in the bathroom . 
  not only that , it also tastes awful like paper mixed with lard and intestines . 
  i live not that far from czech border and i can assure you that normal food is just as good , a lot of polish things you get are like the lowest quality , something that homeless and drunks buy . 
  i have no idea why is that happening . 
  not our fault you buy something normally people ca n't even look at unless they are literally starving . 
  people buy ham or sausage below 10 pln for kg and they are surprised it 's inedible . 
  damn i would n't buy anything below 15 and it 's still quite bad . 
  the ones i know are turkish and one is from iran . 
  anyway , wherever they 're from they are still muslims . 
  so whoever is right , me or you , saying that poles will most likely never see muslim is still false . 
  i 've never said that there are a lot of them or what their story is , franky i do n't really care , but they are hard to miss and they are usually kebab bar owners in many bigger cities . 
  i personally know some in my city and there is at least one turkish bar per any bigger city . 
  well there were always some tatars in poland . 
  also , and i 'm not trying to be rude , almost every pole met a muslim , as kebabs that belong to turks are basically everywhere . 
  the only other muslims i 've met in poland were erasmus students and maybe some tourists in cracow . 
  from tactical and strategic point of view it was less static . 
  more manouvers , flanking and use of cavalary , less sitting in a trench and throwing human meatshields from time to time to show commitment . 
  war was raging for 3 years before bolshevik revolution happend . 
  eastern front was a little more interesting because armies were not as trench bound as in the west . 
   i fucking hate polish nationalists . 
  this is what i saw that made me angry , there was nothing nationalistic about not wanting to federilize , but you will get these kind of response . 
  it 's like you ca n't be moderate leaning at one side or another or you 'll be brought down and called extremist . 
  i 'm not presenting my position as the only reasonable one , i was trying to talk in general , to make a point . 
  the questions i asked were rhetorical . 
  i might be naive but i 'd really want people to just talk without accusations . 
  what i see it that there are too little , or at least they are not so vocal , moderate people . 
  you either want to bring everybody to this big bowl with `` europe '' pasted all over it and mix them all together kicking and screaming to fulfill your progressive wet dream of yours or you are nationalist who is basically hitler merged with kim dzong un putting gay and black people in jails . 
  if i for example does n't want eu to become one country , but i still like no borders , trade agreements , cooperation or interacting with people from other countries while still have a country with some autonomy and cultural diversity , does that make ma a nationalist ? 
  does it put me in line with bald guys with baseball bats that smash peoples heads and blame the jews ? 
  i 'll repeat this again and again , western europe does n't do it out of pure kindness , enormous customer market that ee provides along with cheap work force and tax privileges for foreign companies is a price we pay . 
  the eu financed freeways are used in trade between east and west a lot . 
  i do n't deny we get a lot but it 's in the best interest of all parties involved . 
  i know all this , but a lot of people seem to only look at this in terms of money payed vs money received and it 's a lot more complex than that . 
  we buy in german , english or french shops , we drive german , french or italian cars we eat a lot of food produced in the west and a lot of polish food companies are in hands of western companies . 
  there are of course polish companies that survived the initial competition and emerged stronger but compared to foreign share they do not hold too much of the market . 
  basically we get a lot but we give a lot indirectly and there is a chance we will give a lot directly in relatively near future . 
  ee is a huge market with millions of potential customers making their life easier , increasing their consuming power gives a lot of benefits further down the road . 
  you forget that we opened our 38 mln customer market to eu and the biggest share of that market went to germany , as our companies were uncompetitve compared to yours after 50 years of communism . 
  so please stop looking at it like we only take money , ee markets gave boost to eu economy , investing in infrastructure of newer members is in the best interest of everyone otherwise they would n't do that . 
  it 's not like they do it because they want to be kind . 
  was there not a single person worth putting on the note ? 
  anyway design is quite nice but colours are all over the place . 
  people always tend to group up with other people that think similarly or share similar culture , tradition , religion , you name it . 
  even within nations people will have some regional patriotism or communities or some kind of parallel society . 
  if europe ever fully unites then you 'll fight for eu `` rag '' . 
  we are social creatures after all and individualism can only go as far . 
  well you can translate it directly to polish and it can be understood both ways too , if you think about it . 
  i think you need to check the word `` stereotype '' , when you ask someone in the west where communism was , they 'll tell you about either russia or some random eastern block country , maybe china after a giving it a long thought . 
  they wo n't give you the biography of marks or engels . 
  i bet a lot of common folk do n't even know what weimar rebulic was if they are not from germany . 
  when it comes to polish people we 've been everything from plumbers , toilet cleaners , car thieves , tracksuit wearing squatting plebs and a lot more . 
  that does n't mean it 's true . 
  you what ? 
  hungarian cuisine not apealing ? 
  it 's amazing , how can it be not apealing . 
  well there are always zapiekanki . 
  my geography teacher in elementary used to tell us that it 's praying lady , but then we looked at the gulf of riga and we had doubts if it was really a lady . 
  sweden and finland together form a very peculiar shape . 
  you see what you want to see , i 've never said they are false , they are some way of presenting reality but it is not a perfect way to decribe it and in some cases they are not as reliable as in other . 
  you conviniently left the rest of what i 've said . 
  also i 've never said anything about my close circle of friends ( and how can around 300 people even be a close circle ) representing truth i 've just used them as example , so yeah there you go putting words in my mouth again . 
  statistics are not reality , they are way of representing reality using theoretical models , which in reality not always work as smoothly as you would want them too . 
  you ca n't survey every man and woman in the country . 
  that does n't mean they are false , but in cases so complex , using simple percantage of people is like trying to dig a mine with a spoon . 
  you like leaving out phrases like `` in some cases '' . 
  you try to make poland look like christian bigotland just because it does n't go well with your idea of how the world should be , so somebody have to be guilty . 
  right now you want to tell me you know better than me how it is here because you 've seen statistics , that 's so silly i wo n't even bother to reply to you anymore . 
  this is completely not what i 've said . 
  but yeah i think discussion should end when you put words in other peoples mouth . 
  statistics are statistics in some cases they 're hard to compare with reality . 
  you also made and assumption that because a lot of people in poland are catholics , and a lot of people are against gay rights it must be connected . 
  just statistics about how many people are catholic with no explanation what that even means . 
  is that a person who goes to church every sunday , every holiday maybe ? 
  is preaching his/her religious values or maybe forcing someone to follow them . 
  or maybe somebody who just tells `` i 'm catholic when there is a survey '' . 
  how is telling raw percentage of people who believe or are just babtised or whatever giving justice to the values of whole nation , which is an incredibly complex group of millions of people . 
  anyway it was nice talking to you , peace .
