  because it 's personal , many lost someone in their family to that `` liberation '' . 
  when you hear since you were a child that e.g you grandpa was murdered for having something or being educated or got sent to siberia or that your gradma was raped or even parents in case of some older redditors then it 's hard to not get angry , when everyone is trying to make you thankful for that . 
  nobody denies russian contribution , but at the same time want to call them out on their crimes . 
  that 's why west feel so strongly about nazi germany and nazi ideology in general , the thing is eastern europe had to deal with both . 
  ca n't really say about other countries but you 'll have a hard time finding many `` not every german was a nazi '' people when discussing wwii , maybe some more progressive , but third reich is generally considered to be rather monolithic in its ideology in poland . 
  you 're missing the point , the post is not about nazis , nobody cares about nazis here , it 's about soviet atrocities . 
  it 's shitty liberation when liberator rapes , murders , pillages and enslaves population on the way . 
  so a lot of eastern europeans would like for people to stop calling it liberation cause it was just another occupation . 
  you seem to have completely ignored first two paragraphs . 
  people do not feel liberated , people feel like they 'd been occupied by someone else . 
  you change murderous hitler for a bit milder murderous stalin , nobody denies that hitler wanted to kill everybody and soviets did not . 
  people deny that they 'd been liberated , as in set free , cause they were n't they 'd changed their master . 
  western allies liberated , they gave freed countries freedom to act as they wanted to , for the most part . 
  i really ca n't explain it any easier . 
  because for a lot of people liberation is actually setting free . 
  when you exchange one genocidal dictatorship for another , even if former is worse than the latter , you are not really free . 
  say one guy comes to you beats you , chains you and then says he 'll be killing you when you are no longer useful . 
  then the other guy comes beats your oppressor and then beats you , chains you again and says he 'll be having `` fun '' with you for the rest of your life . 
  do you consider the latter a liberation ? 
  this is what this is all about , it 's not an auction where you haggle with higher death toll , it 's about calling people out on their crimes . 
  there are too many of these liberation posts , where people tells you to stfu when you only start saying anything bad about ussr . 
  `` nazis were worse so just stop talking , you ungrateful bastard '' attitude is really annoying . 
  almost nobody from soviet occupied countries here mentions nazis . 
  they call out soviets on their crimes and somebody else comes and goes with `` but if nazis won it would be worse '' or `` nazis killed more people '' or even `` killing \u2260 killing '' because reasons ... tell that to people who are dead and see if they care that killer wanted to exterminate their class or race . 
  so what ? 
  nobody here comes here to defend nazis , they come here call out soviets on their crimes , which in some cases were even more brutal . 
  we are talking about what happend , not what would have happend . 
  this , everyone is acting like we should all fuckin ' celebrate `` liberation '' cause nazis had a plan . 
  we all know they had a plan we are happy that they lost the war , we are not happy about how the soviets were acting and we do n't like to be accused of being nazi sympathizers just because our nations suffered under soviets and we dare to say it aloud . 
  currently the problem occurs in pretty much every eastern eu country , so i think it would be nice to change eu law in that respect . 
  i may be cynical but i think that i 'd probably die of old age faster than governments will change anything . 
  i 'm saying they got enough to show the problem but not enough to give you any reliable data as to how many products are really skewed . 
  it could be 20 % it could be 50 % we do n't know but you have to start somewhere . 
  food standards are regulated by eu afaik , and i think they do n't want to tackle the problem of the lack of corporate morality but they 'd like eu to force corporations to restrict such immoral behaviors . 
  they only used 24 in that study , it 's nowhere near enough to say how many are different when there are thousands of products on the market . 
  it 's also very hard or even impossible to leave that to free market to stabilise . 
  most of these brands murdered all serious competition if there even was any , it 's already somewhat stabilised . 
  in that case do n't buy their product would mean that you have to make your own , not everyone can go to german grocery every sunday or have time to produce at least some of that stuff . 
  i do n't understand why are you so negative about it ? 
  would n't you like some better quality products in poland ? 
  if we are already paying more than the west for these then we should at least be treated with respect . 
  it is as much about quality as it is about principles . 
  indeed , that pretty amazing . 
  we will have commonwealth again !, 
  you wanted it to be other way around ? 
  no i meant vowel length , but i should n't have included czechs , it was late and i confused a few things , sorry about that . 
  however , the difference in both stress and vowel lengths between czech , slovak and eastern slavic are huge . 
  it 's very much impossible for somebody who knows at least one slavic language to be unable to classify it or at least give some approximation . 
  you got any sources for that ? 
  as someone from gliwice i can tell that it 's maybe 1 in 10 at best , people here are a complete mix . 
  well , they do use vowel lengthening just like all eastern slavs , which makes their languages seem a bit more similar to russian , unlike e.g polish where vowel lengths disappeared quite a long time ago but is still sometimes present in local dialects . 
  for somebody who does n't prolong vowels at all it 's very noticeable . 
  that may give an impression that they speak a very different language to polish , while it is indeed pretty similar . 
  edit : it was late and i had a brain-fart , and feel corrected , czechs do have different vowel lengths , these sound vastly different than the eastern ones though . 
  and how many mena immigrants are really refugees ? 
  as the name suggest mena immigrants consist of people from middle east and north africa and while these regions are not the best places to live in they are not all like syria . 
  even people from syria are very often basically welfare-shopping . 
  if you are really trying to apply for asylum you do it in the first safe country , not travel through the whole continent . 
  also , let 's be honest , they would n't be safe here , especially if poland was forced to take them . 
  the culture difference is just too much . 
  oh that 's nice , the music itself is quite good . 
  well , if it makes you better i was confused too , would n't really call it polish humor . 
  you sir made me chuckle a bit . 
  however , i do n't really feel like the clip shows anything european , apart from architecture . 
  i was confused through the entire duration of the song and i would n't even know what it was about if i did n't read about it . 
  i feel like it could have been done better . 
  but does it ? 
  language also needs to convey information . 
  i find it hard to believe that 2 year old child created language with consistent grammar and vocabulary and the this child can even repeat what it just said . 
  language has vocabulary , structure and meaning , this is babbling . 
  how ? 
  chain them to the lamp posts ? 
  some refugee families that came here and got full support mysteriously disappeared after just a few days . 
  also eu is not giving money to eastern countries out of goodness of heart , but to create stronger partners , strong market , infrastructure and in consequence boost economy of everyone involved . 
  it 's not like we are not grateful , but this is getting so old now . 
  i fear no man but that thing ... it scares me . 
  really ? 
  germans themselves were n't sure they would win against france and uk alone but their morale went through the roof when they 've seen western allies hesitation after invasion on poland , still they were in no position to attack ussr knowing there is france and uk on their western border . 
  at that time war on two fronts was a suicide and they knew very well they need to wrap up one side to start on the other . 
  also if hitler did n't attack ussr then ussr would attack third reich at some point . 
  they were n't peace loving country that wanted to be left alone . 
  first thing they did after getting to power was attack on poland in 1920 . 
  let 's not forget finland and baltics . 
  soviets had so many tanks and planes that germans paled in comparison . 
  what germans had was superior tactics , strategy , equipment and the fact that they had taken ussr by surprise , they took over whole machine parks full of vehicles at the start of the war that were n't even used . 
  russians were waving flags to communicate between tanks while germans were using radios . 
  they also lacked good command officers after stalin 's purges . 
  if poland did n't stop soviet advance in 1920 france would border ussr , because germany was in no position to fight them after the great war . 
  but let 's be honest ribbentrop-molotov was as as defensive as gleiwitz provocation . 
  most of the people form countries who ended up under soviets boot are not very happy about these liberation posts . 
  in poland in most cases if you had any business or enterprise you were either sent to gulag or killed for being kulak , if you were officer , noble or educated person you were sent to gulag or killed , if you supported polish government in exile you were sent to gulag or killed an so on and so forth . 
  people argue that nazis were more evil than soviets , because they planned to exterminate whole nations and while it 's true we all know there was no possibility that one country with around 80 mln people , minorities included , could rule over the entire world , when they lacked resources from the beginning of the war . 
  the thing is most of the central and eastern europe tried their best to hold off the soviets so they 'd be able to either free themselves or be able to prolong it so the western allies liberate them . 
  it was n't the case and the soviets in some cases were almost as horrible or even worse than nazis . 
  my family was lucky , my grandmother was hidden under the floor when liberation forces were marching through poland , because red army raped everything on the way and while they were n't supposed to oppress their future `` allies '' they very often did . 
  my great grandfather was almost executed for having two apprentices , he was considered kulak for that , but some communist pole interceded and saved his life . 
  i 've heard so many stories from people whose close ones were n't so lucky that it sickens me to see how communists are glorified right now and before anybody accuses me of being apologetic towards nazis , i consider then as equally bad . 
  i understand this , but so many comments here tend to show that stalin 's regime was somehow better that it 's insane . 
  there is no better , they were both murderous assholes , who are responsible for deaths of millions of people . 
  stalin killed a lot of people who were just in the wrong place .
