  both stances come with consequences . 
  the us acting like a global hegemon ( world police , as you put it ) grants them certain benefits . 
  they have the biggest voice in a lot of international organizations for example , like the imf and the wto . 
  isolationist policies are fine , but * will * leave room for other countries to take the room that the us leaves on the world stage . 
  what annoys a lot of people like me is that the american political narrative is that they can ( or claim they will ) have the best of both worlds . 
  being isolationist , while still negotiating the best deals and having the biggest voice in world politics . 
  it doesnt work that way . 
  international relations is anarchy , you basically always get what you pay for . 
  politicians like trump simply do not seem to grasp that concept . 
   altough the iiss military balance is very well-respected , i guess iiss numbers are as close to gospel as you can get when it comes to independent numbers . 
  the us also hugely overpays for every single piece of equipment due to revolving door lobbyists and widespread corruption . 
  you also as a military power do n't need to be the strongest or biggest , only strong enough to not make it worth it for the other . 
  agreed . 
  im willing to make the attempt . 
  wait , what ? 
  on the one hand , i want a more strong and unified europe . 
  on the other hand , look at our history : we colonized huge parts of the world once . 
  we slaughtered indigenous people . 
  we commodified racism . 
  we started two world wars . 
  we invented patriotism and perfected nationalism . 
  and that was all with a divided europe . 
  a united europe might achieve the greatest things ever , or turn into the worlds biggest supervillain for anyone who * isnt * living in europe . 
  trump , you dont want us to militarize to the us levels . 
  trust me . 
  we have a tendency to become too powerful for anyone else 's good . 
  we dutch ~ ~ people ~ ~ fascists of r/europe decided yesterday that we 're going to reclaim the north sea and the canal though . 
  its not going to stay an island for long . 
  well , technically when you go back enough the name holland is derived from `` holtland '' ( woodland ) which referred to and came from a time when all of the netherlands were being covered in woods . 
  in that sense holland still refers to all of the netherlands , since what holland is derived from was the name of all of the netherlands . 
  technically for it to sink it has to be above or on the water in the first place . 
  so its * everyone * else who can sink . 
  not us . 
  i 'm already subbed . 
  all the way to england . 
  let 's see how those guys would feel about `` being mainland '' . 
  shush . 
   dutch diplomacy do you want the old fashioned polite diplomacy , or the current fascist version that seems to be all the rage these days ? 
  angry akp ` ers are frikking hilarious . 
  see who needs who more . 
  dutch people have some peculiar sports morals . 
  you either the best or a loser . 
  there seems to be no inbetween . 
  you forgot the nazi and fascist parts . 
  come on man , that stuff is important to us . 
  gloating is the sport of unhappy people . 
  we on the other hand , congratulate you from the depts of our hearts with your victory over us . 
  we love you and wish you all the best , and in doing so will win next time . 
  see , we won already !, 
   but if they ask me on the only sunny day of the year country flair checks out . 
  it was either economic decline or economic collapse though . 
  gorbachev was the right man at the wrong time . 
  doing even worse than us here . 
  come on finland , are you even trying ? 
  schultz-macron is a combo that would ooze european love out on all sides . 
  on a smaller scale cooperation between nations is also vastly increasing . 
  just a few years ago the dutch and belgium navies published a new combined doctrine . 
  belgium and the netherlands are running their navies now with an identical ( corbett style ) playbook and lots of mutual exercises and operations . 
  we are europe my friend !, 
  lots of nationalities , lots of languages , lots of identities . 
  one soul . 
  i guess i didnt have to , but salty comments get salty responses . 
  i 'll shed an appropriate tear at the loss of karma . 
  first of all i think you mean '' * peace * in our time '' . 
  second , `` salty-man-on-twitter '' not winning the majority of votes is not the same as voting `` peace in our time '' . 
  in means most people are still in control of their senses . 
  my favorite pirate captain . 
  klaver all the way !, 
  and still fail to form a functioning government half of the time , 
  we might have a lot more polling stations per capita which makes for shorter lines and more voting opportunity for people , but im not sure of that . 
  just a guess . 
  they are also the only party not willing to condemn the actions of erdogan ever since last weekend, 
  i actually needed you to point it out for me . . 
   this is starting to get uncomfortable . 
  lets be honest here , that bar is set pretty low for you guys . 
  we can give the ministers of turkey a place of permanent residence in the netherlands as compensation . 
  * at the icc though * ... 
  denk , which would translate to think is founded by two former labour party members ( both of turkish immigrant heritage ) who campaign on representing people with a migrant background . 
  they are not a `` muslim party '' but they probably do think that erdogan is a pretty cool guy . 
  they might get 1 ( * maaaybe even 2 * ) seats , then implode over the next 4 years , never to be heard of again . 
  why would they try to force themselves into the country after it had been made clear they were not welcome ? 
  the situation had reached a point at which turkish `` diplomatic '' actions had become entirely unpredictable . 
  i think the mayor 's rules of engagement took this fact into account pretty well . 
  yeah , a pretty clear one . 
  would have been even better if it also managed to reference that the plane of the turkish minister had been redirected to land in bloody france . 
  macron as chancellor in germany and schultz as president of france ? 
  interesting thought experiment . 
   who likes to compare himself to canada 's justin trudeau . 
  i would put this a little differently . 
  he 's smart enough to implicitly invite the comparison at every opportunity , but then laughs it of when people explicitly ask about it . 
  what didnt you ? 
  discriminatory laws like that will never pass the constitution . 
  the answer is always `` at least once more '' . 
  ... not sure if i want to snark at your comment or praise it with love and affection . 
  finnish-dutch dynamic in a nutshell i guess . . 
  europe !!, 
  whoooooooooooooooooo !!!!, 
  after the last press conference once again the confirmation : ahmed aboutaleb is a national treasure and hero . 
  the mayor we need , but not deserve . 
   everybody in turkey thinks it 's an insult against all of turkey .
