quit livin ' on dreams !, 
  i now have you res tagged as `` trustworthy person '' . 
  well if you keep wondering why gender would be relevant in regards to the holocaust i might know just the right course for you to follow . 
   unless you are studying psychology , what does the gendered perspective bring to the table ? 
  ... is what you asked . 
  i answered . 
  i hope to god at least someone else learned something from it and i didnt type it all out for nothing . 
   unless you are studying psychology , what does the gendered perspective bring to the table ? 
  so im studying international relations and conflict . 
  gender * is * relevant in my field . 
  take the following example : ( im slightly fuzzy on details like dates and locations , but perhaps i could find the original paper later ) in the early 90 's there was a lot of ethnic conflict in the balkans . 
  at one point a bosnian enclave was under siege of serbian troops . 
  these troops told the un peacekeepers that women and children would be allowed to leave . 
  the bosnian authorities tried to stop this from happening . 
  they saw very well that the wholesale slaughter of men , women , and children would only serve to increase international interference . 
  the serbian obviously realized it as well , hence their `` noble '' offer . 
  bosnian authorities could reasonable expect that the serbs would not attack as long as the women and children were still there . 
  however , internationally the bosnian refusal got stark critique and they caved under pressure . 
  the women and children were allowed to move out of the area . 
  the serbian troops moved in , and 8000 innocent men were slaughtered . 
  since it was only men , the international reaction and response was a lot smaller than it would have been had the women and children still been there . 
  do you see how gender is a relevant topic outside of psychology now ? 
  seems this was easy to clear up in the end . 
  social justice does not promote racism , sexism , or division . 
  it in fact seeks * social justice * . 
  glad we could clear that up !, 
   anyone with half a brain would know that the only reason that gender would be brought into it is not to grant a new perspective , but an ideological perspective . 
  the holocaust was an indiscriminate mass murder of millions of people . 
  there 's nothing a gender lens can add to it unless a narrative is being pushed . 
  and anyone with a full and working brain would know that gender is a social factor , thus influences the social sphere and is therefore a legitimate field of research . 
  there is plenty that a gender lens could add , none of it pushing a narrative . 
  unless you consider results you dont like , or even the whole concept of gender as a scientific field `` a narrative '' . 
   edward said would be a fool . 
  you should always aim for impartiality even if it is not necessarily , and then it needs to stand up to ruthless scrutiny and peer review . 
  if all your `` science '' is , is opinion , then it is not science . 
  aiming for impartiality is not the same as deluding yourself you are ever going to be able to achieve it . 
  being aware of your biases and being clear on them does not need to stand in the way of still passing proper peer review . 
  why ? 
  because they teach a course that you are not interested in ? 
  or because you feel like this is a topic that people should be forbidden from to learn about ? 
  * scary knowledge is scary . 
  learning , bleegh . 
  i did . 
  cant find a single thing in it that i agree with . 
   i think you missed the obvious and most nefarious part : promoting social justice calling something like social justice * nefarious * , is like straight up satire , right ? 
   you do n't see what is wrong with putting the lense of gender on the holocaust of all things ? 
  a genocide that was completely indiscriminate towards gender ? 
  no , i dont . 
  you seem to make the mistake that adding gender as a factor in your analysis would somehow marginalize other 's suffering . 
  it doesnt . 
  it just means that besides all the ways we have already looked at the holocaust , somewhere a professor is adding gender to the perspective . 
   scientific fields need to be impartial to anything except proof , evidence and logic . 
  easier said than done in social sciences . 
  it is never impartial . 
  a theory is always for someone , with some purpose . 
  in fact , edward said pointed out that basically every scientist has a bias that influences their research . 
  pretending impartiality is possible only hides your bias from view , so best to always just come out with it . 
  busted !, 
  that link is gon na stay blue while im at work in the library . 
  its not really a schism now is it , when basically everyone is saying * fuck you * to a bunch of regressive nationalists ? 
  exactly which parts of that list is `` propaganda and indoctrination '' to you ? 
  and why ? 
  what is your problem with this ? 
  if that is the case you probably meant * israeli billionaire * instead of jewish . 
  as do most of us here , the good people of r/europe . 
  right ? 
  fascist gundam keeping the erdogans out . 
   charismatic person remember the balkenende years ? 
  belgium envy in a nutshell . 
  i thought the salespitch was that by leaving the uk will have more to spend on its health system ? 
  maybe because only one of those puts lives at risk ? 
  i dont know , just a guess . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  no really , you are kidding , right ? 
  because there is quite a difference between `` displaying your best wares '' and threatening to be willing to put other nations citizens lives at risk . 
  uk needs to understand it ca n't cherry pick which type of cooperation it has with the eu . 
  it is obvious blackmail . 
  its very simple . 
  either you say `` hey , whatever else happens , lets keep our shared security as is `` or you say `` hey , either you give us a favourable deal on everything else we want or we wont be willing to keep the security deal as is . '', 
  see ? 
  blackmail . 
  if may wants to play it like that , then fine . 
  lets clean out the uk for all they have . 
  theresa may seems like the living embodiment of the peter-principle . 
  do n't they mean * danes * and germans ? 
  loved my holiday there when i was 19 !, 
  also kind of scammed my tour operator in paying a 110 euro taxi ride for me . 
  they 'd better , given the amount germany is taking in . 
   30 years of state founded fucking spanish people . 
  ftfy, 
   they are trying to supress the truth i just downvoted because i want to be part of that hypothetical `` they '' . 
  sounds like a cool group . 
   it 's an extremely wealth country but that does n't translate to the people at all . 
  it has a gdp comparable with italy . 
  i have good hopes honestly that we have changed , have learned from the past and would do differently and better now , but yeah that was kind of my point . 
  a military strong europe would be terrifying for all non-europeans . 
  good way . 
  i 've used their data plenty of times in published research . 
  ( im only a research assistant though , not main author ), 
  this deserves a lot more nuance .
