  then maybe every kid in turkey should calm down and respect the sovereignty of another nation when they arent interested in a foreign minister coming over to rile up crowds for a foreign ballot vote ? 
  riots is partly correct . 
  riot police is dispersing the crowds . 
  thats not the same as full on rioting . 
  deportation is happening by car , not by helicopter . 
  so , pol is just being pol . 
  edit : mayor of rotterdam just confirmed , deportation indeed happening by car . 
  rtl news reports that the minister has been apprehended as an undesirable alien and will be deported to germany . 
  you 're a european . 
  end of sentence . 
  putting the dsi unit in play is pretty much the most aggressive move a dutch mayor can make . 
  those guys do n't fuck around . 
  part , but not much . 
  with turkey threatening sanctions , this would have happened either way . 
  you can bet your ass though that rutte is currently laughing maniacally at the extra free votes thrown at him this way . 
  the sad feeling when polish tv doesnt feel the need to diss your country as well ... 
  may it be both ? 
  * yes *, 
  this action does not have my consent !, 
  good enough for a reddit answer !, 
  the largest party will due to political fracture never become large enough to have half +1 seats in parliament . 
  tradition is the largest party gets to start the process of of trying to find coalition partners to form a government with . 
  since the pvv will fail at this , the other parties will then to be free to negotiate among each other to find a majority in parliament . 
  it would set the precedent of having the biggest party in parliament being forced to play opposition to a government formed by a majority of smaller parties banded together . 
  people who vote wilders will * not * take that well . 
   swamp germans i weirdly love this name . 
  members of parliament do , but not their assistants , secretaries , ( * slightly * drugged up ) press-secretaries , interns , and internet trolls . 
  and the geert wilders foundation has 1 member . 
  take an educated guess who that is . 
  i know who i would rather have in my country !, 
  good thing the guy is already in charge of rotterdam . 
  too pragmatic to be a french response . 
  agreed . 
  it was brutal for sure , but we also absolutely needed it to get to the world we have today . 
   elite soldiers trained in the harsh conditions of danish summer my favorite part . 
  i like the joke . 
  the usa ai n't popular now perhaps , though with some good reasons , but they did help rebuild europe with the marshall plan after wwii . 
  can confirm . 
  went to lloret when i was 19 and finished highschool . 
  would never go there again, 
  i tried but ca n't . 
  it hurts the brain . 
   nuts 1 regions i mean , it kind of looks like . . is anyone else seeing this ? 
  calling someone naive and then immediately following that up with an incredible naive statement is rather impressive though . 
  basilica galactica : church looking for the promised land away from the atheist tax-cylons . 
  again , you say `` was always '' without realising apparently that that does n't equal `` is '' . 
  `` wasnt initially '' is not the same as `` was never '' . 
  you think that the joining of former warschau-pact countries was to be stronger against the at the times collapsed former soviet union ? 
  international diplomatic strategy has gotten a far greater focus on identity , identity shaping , and social constructs compared to the powerpolitics of the 19th and most of the 20th century . 
  edit : downvote it all you want , i 'm not wrong . 
   feel free to abandon the collective i thought that was mostly a british tradition ? 
  its a defense alliance based on shared values and collective identity forming . 
  within that reasoning , turkey is turning itself more and more into the odd man out . 
  correct me if im wrong , but i kind of get the impression you dont like the eu very much . 
  yeah for sure . 
  from what i know about him i probably wouldnt like him as a person , but those books are something i truly fell in love with . 
  outstanding writer . 
  leave it to eastern europeans to write about love , pain , and loss . 
  . . and then denying that the popularity increased the booksales , claiming the opposite te be the truth . 
  color me surprised . 
  good for him though , and good for us . 
  he is after all the guy who wrote the books that i love . 
  im certain his input will be valuable . 
  stop . 
  you 're making me cry . 
  he wont . 
   sapkowski i doubt the guy himself will want to be involved with it , as he considers any medium that isnt a book written by himself an inferior way of storytelling . 
  i disagree . 
  that is , i dont disagree with your argument since that approach usually does give the best deal indeed . 
  i disagree with the priority . 
  anti-eu sentiments are still going strong in europe . 
  if there is anything the eu needs to do know is show that they are trustworthy and transparent . 
  that the things they say in public are the things they take with them in the negotiations . 
  same for may . 
  i care about that more than i care about the best deal possible . 
  true . 
  stopped reading after that sentence , downvoted , and continued reading . 
  so you are arguing that authoritarianism is good sometimes than ? 
  nice try , spain . 
  we 're not coming back . 
  how many french presidents has she outlasted so far ? 
  so before you go out of your way and head over heels in calling someone ignorant and immature , ask yourself the following thing : did this person blame the us for something they didnt do , or am i just really looking for a reason to act outraged because im having a bad day and i want a fight ? 
   our ip laws certainly would not benefit . 
  at least from a perspective of anyone who isnt disney or something comparable . 
  tell me you believe this isnt so . 
  replace disney with a european company for all i care . 
  i picked disney because it makes for a clear example . 
  i know where the eu laws come from , and my post clearly doesnt blame anyone else for them . 
  the point is that copyright laws would become even more strict with ttip and the public would not benefit . 
  ttip has/had so many things tacked on that it doesnt need and the policymakers promoting it seem completely out of touch with what the public wants , on both sides of the ocean . 
  tldr : get of your high horse or go somewhere else if youre looking for a fight . 
  our ip laws certainly would not benefit . 
  at least from a perspective of anyone who isnt disney or something comparable . 
  sorry scotland , but with the exit of the uk i 'd rather not trade in a new special needs country . 
  either full family membership or nothing is how i 'd prefer to see it . 
  fuck we 're flush . 
  on the other hand , it is a rather on topic and current issue . 
  im still willing to love you guy 's though . 
  we can afford it and it feeds nicely in our superiority complex . 
  we 'll probably lord it over the finnish some more at worst .
