  i 'm open . 
  sounds like a deal to me . 
  kill them both . 
  fucking piece of shit coinbase , motheruckers should 've payed for new servers instead giving away their money . 
  for future profitability and resell value . 
  the fees are much higher if you use btc compared to eth and ltc . 
  just stop it with your shitposting, 
  it happened again?fuck me . 
  what a shitpost m8 . 
  piss off . 
  hoping for the same option . 
  is it really high quality if you just keep posting the same shit everyday ? 
  are the tickets cheaper if i buy them days or weeks before the journey online , or is it the same if i buy them on the spot ? 
  i 'm talking about london-reading , london-luton . 
  thanks, 
  do you know companies that are recruiting and legit ? 
  the company does not essentially have to be in aberdeen . 
  i started learning webdev recently , and in my understanding you can do 99 % of javascript in jquery and the same effect takes 1/3 of code . 
  let 's say a company want a javascript developer , does jquery replace javascript ? 
  edit : seems like i have to learn both , thanks for the answers guys . 
  are there casinos in dublin now ? 
  because i 've heard that they closed them , but i see casino websites on the internet . 
  i 'm thinking about the manual casinos with real dealer games , not the slot casinos . 
  if i move into a flatshare , the bills obviously are n't on my name ,, 
  do the lets say , the banks accept the lease agreement as a proof of address , or a bill that is not on my name but i take it with me to the bank ? 
  edit : i 'm not irish and i never lived in ireland . 
  `` we would just go have an ice cream '' . 
  do they use this when something happened a long time ago ? 
  can i drive with a driver 's licence form another eu country ( not uk ) ? 
  do employers pay for your transportation from your home to your workplace ? 
  ( monthly pass or gasoline ) . 
  is the length of your eligibility for jobseeker 's allowance calculated upon the tax deducted from your salary in your employed years ? 
  ( could n't find it on the official site ), 
  if i rent a house can i rent out the different rooms to people ? 
  how much would it be for me ? 
  i am asking here because i do n't wan na get scammed.it would be some small car 1,4 litre maximum . 
  i 'm 20 years old . 
  i have an eu driver 's licence from the other side of the road . 
  never had a car . 
  the same fucking circlejerk , the guy that increases the price of drugs , is that guy a fucking infinte karma or what the fuck . 
  that is n't world news , it has something to do with a small percentage of the world anyway . 
  [ removed ], 
  like when it 's winter and i go inside the house , i get very itchy for like 10 minutes , even more itchier if i do n't take off my coat . 
  i just do n't understand the ratings . 
  imdb :7.6, 
  r/t :90 %, 
  a few things i did n't quite get :, 
  howard crashes into michelle.which was an ( accidental accident ) because he heard about the aliens and now he 's rushing to his bunker , but he has time to drag her into his vehicle and save/abduct her . 
  he had an abduction planned exactly at the time the aliens attack , and crashing your car is n't the best way to abduct someone i reckon . 
  this just does n't make any sense at all . 
  at around the 70th minute he shoots the other guy in the head , ( why was that guy even there ? 
  if howard abducts and ? rapes ? 
  girls then there is no place for another dude in the bunker ) . anyway he assumes there are only a few people alive and he just kills one of those left.howard also wanted to kill michelle but the other guy gave his life for her 's i guess . 
  michelle manages to escape , turns out aliens are all over the place . 
  she also blows up a 20 meter tall alien with what seemed like a bottle of wine , but i assume it was whiskey . 
  also , this movie has nothing to do with horror at all . 
  edit : solid comments thanks for explaining , i still think it was boring ,4 / 10 is my rating . 
  i have to fill this form out , it 's for a cruise ship job :, 
  what does beneficiary information mean ? 
  what 's beneficiary percentage ? 
  what does first date of availability mean in this case ? 
  sate/prov : the country is n't asked . 
  what should i put there ? 
  is #apt the apartment number ? 
  zip code and country code are totally different in my country , what should i put there ? 
  i have to fill this form out , it 's for a cruise ship job :, 
  what does beneficiary information mean ? 
  what 's beneficiary percentage ? 
  what does first date of availability mean in this case ? 
  sate/prov : the country is n't asked . 
  what should i put there ? 
  is #apt the apartment number ? 
  zip code and country code are totally different in my country , what should i put there ? 
  hy guys so im trying to start mining with my rx470 , this is what im getting if i run the . bat file :, 
  this is whats in the.bat file :, 
  pause, 
  its genoils miner , its exactly what i read and saw in the tutorials , this is my several go , tried claymores aswell , dag is already loaded . 
  win 7 x64 . 
  edit : i installed windows 10 and its working now , the resolution was to format the drive , because i did it without formatting at first and got the same result . 
  so i have 2 rx470s brand new , one of them works if i put it in the pciex16 slot , the other one doesnt , only the light is blinking on it . 
  at my first try i did put one in the pciex16 slot ( working ) and the other one in a pciex slot with powered x1-x16 riser . 
  is there a way to ` reset ' the gpu not working ? 
  edit : its probably fucked , i will have to return it . 
  have 2 asus rx470s , as the title says ... 
  i put one in the pciex16 , system boots , i change it to the other one , system doesnt boot , the light on the gpu is blinking rapidly . 
  at my first use i tried starting my pc with both , one in the pciex16 , one in a pciex1-16 riser . 
  there was a little burning smell i didnt know from where but probably from the gpu thats not working now . 
  pcie riser is not the culptrit , i tried it with an older gpu and the system booted . 
  is it burned now to wreck ? 
  i bought it a few days ago should i send it back , or is it fixable ? 
  i have two rx470s hooked in my mobo one in the pcie16 slot , one connected with a powered pcie riser . 
  psu is not the problem . 
  if either one of the gpus is disconnected the system boots . 
  what could be the problem, 
  mining and buying for me , buying more tomorrow when my transfer goes through to coinbase , hope the price does n't skyrocket until then ... 
  great sub by the way , great community , i learned a lot of stuff here and other eth subs . 
  just hodl guys , all the way . 
  should i do eur  btc  eth on gdax or just eur  eth on coinbase or is there a better way ? 
  how do you guys do it . 
  which other coins do you think have a potential in the future ?
