i would n't watch 12 years a slave multiple times , it 's sad and everything but django was about slavery too , one year before , the movie does n't tell anything new . 
  edge of tomorrow was just boring , same thing happening over and over ( groundhog day ) its nothing new either . 
  just answer me a fucking honest question !, 
  no , you did n't . 
  thank you for the answer i signed up with weebly . 
  i really did and totally forgot about it , thanks for the answer and tip . 
  thanks for the answers , i 'll buy them online . 
  i believe in taking care of my legos . 
  in the morning , if my legos are a little puffy , i 'll put on an ice pack on them while playing with them . 
  i can build a castle now . 
  after i remove the ice pack , i use a deep pore lego cleanser lotion . 
  in the shower , i use a water activated lego gel cleanser . 
  then a honey almond lego scrub . 
  and on the puppets , an exfoliating gel scrub . 
  then apply an herb mint facial mask on their faces , which i leave on for 10 minutes while i prepare the rest of their routine . 
  i always use an aftershave lotion with little or no alcohol , because alcohol dries your legos out and makes your legos look older . 
  then moisturizer , then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lego lotion . 
  there is an idea of my legos , some kind of abstraction , but there are no real legos . 
  who cares about fatties ? 
  no luis , i 'm sleeping.you 're mistaken . 
  what happened if it absorbed 20 billion suns ? 
  stupidity is not an anxiety . 
  being not able to comprehend what ` miles per hour ' means is not an anxiety . 
  this is a very bad map , the blue and black dots almost look the same , and the data are faulty on so many levels . 
  why is n't it a good time ? 
  what aids , what are you even talking about ? 
  what about it 's trash ? 
  i do n't agree with this rescue . 
  would a shark save a drowning man , or would it kill them ? 
  think about it . 
  i would n't even know who this guy is if this site would n't circlejerk him all the time . 
  yes he played in jurassic world , big fucking deal . 
  that 's broccoli rob 's face . 
  its back . 
  whats going on what is this . 
  you do realize she 's in a box right ? 
  how would she throw anything at the bear ? 
  [ warm day is n't it ? 
  i do n't know how this gif fits in with all the nsfw anal world records and ugly ass gore diseases . 
  140 euros ? 
  that 's low m8 . 
  entry : [ no bullets this time ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jdcvxqu.jpg ), 
  sources :, 
  [ bunch of flowers ] ( http://valentinescards.org/images/img4/bunch-of-flowers-images-26.jpg ), 
  [ trinity from matrix holding a gun ] ( http://www.fliwave.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/thematrix11.jpg ), 
  greenwich ? 
  england maybe ? 
  heard of it ? 
  i 'll call you on your cell . 
  tumblr link, 
  gif is older than my grandomther, 
  what else do you need for the front page ? 
  its the same shit man , just in different order . 
  shut the fuck up about netflix . 
  is that the new suzuki swift ? 
  it 's like that so it looks computerized . 
  delete browser history much ? 
  disliking and absolutely hating is not the same . 
  beats two armed black man , what ? 
  is this supposed to be a pun ? 
  because if it is , it is a really shitty one . 
  you have one water bottle that you refill at water fountains every day ? 
  quit your bullshit please . 
  you have to zoom because your eyes are shite m8 . 
  make sure you can handle that much culture . 
  i know that it 's a library , but my question is , if i knew jquery could i say that i know javascript ? 
  the gorilla thought the dude was one of them . 
  you do n't mess with the zohan, 
  that 's my boy, 
  hudson hawk, 
  superfast !, 
  step brothers, 
   no time travel elements . 
  get the fuck out . 
  wew that audio is not even bad . 
  that 's nsfw u gay fockin fegit . 
  i was n't expecting white people tbh . 
  what kind of job you got if i may ask ? 
  you say that a working individual costs more money the country , than what he or she makes for it ? 
  that is just not true on so many levels . 
  are all refugees entitled to these allowances ? 
  you are not taking in account the tax they pay on food or on their cars , the gas they buy , the rent they pay , their bills , or the economic growth they provide the country ... 
  probably in sweden by now ruining some city . 
  none of those would work , i 'm not irish and i never lived in ireland . 
  it would be great if britain or some big country would send some troops there . 
  that 's not a gif goddamit . 
  sent you a pm , but i realized you may not login again since it 's a throwaway , so login please or send me a message from your original account . 
  plot twist , op is from north korea . 
  thank you , i was thinking of the habitual past . 
  everything you said is false . 
  they are also safe in greece and italy . 
  thanks . 
  it was in the news in hungary , they escaped through the police and she decided to help . 
  do i need some kind of licence or approval from the landlord in the contract ? 
  what the fuck is this . 
  you never drank alcohol before you turned 18 ? 
  how much rent do you pay ? 
  150 dollars ? 
  and you live on another 150 for a month in japan , should i believe that ? 
  you also just linked an instagram profile , i do n't know how is this proof of validity .
