  where do you buy your clothes ? 
  why would it be a cheap new york ? 
  there is nothing similar in those cities . 
  i assume you do n't live in a big city . 
  most people ignore the homeless does n't matter if you live in houston or any other city . 
  yeah but they way someone treats the homeless does n't reflect their personality , which was the original statement . 
  u/lensc either lived his whole life in a place without homeless people , or he just wants karma for his comment . 
  this post . 
  it gave me cancer . 
  this is just awful . 
  how hard would have it been to turn the phone sideways ? 
  the other one is m\u00fcller . 
  all i see is a fat neckbeard . 
  thanks for the answer mate . 
  this has nothing to do with christmas . 
  are you afraid of her because she 's taller or what ? 
  why would n't be enough ? 
  do you shit 6 times a day ? 
  do you eat gluten ? 
  religious bullshit , who the fuck cares ? 
  life has it 's ways i think , he 's smart and homeless , you are retarded and have internet and a place to live . 
  it just keep building you say ? 
  the questions starts with `` ladies '' you might be right . . 
  lord of the rings and star wars . 
  recent . 
  -11.45 euro, 
  - low pay, 
  give me a break . 
  hb1 is an ugly hot babe ? 
  you 're . 
  why the fuck is it backwards ? 
  so fucking funny i ca n't stop laughing someone help me i 'm gon na die . 
  `` coffee shop '', 
  who does n't like a good snoof and poof ? 
  you have some hot dog day afternoons to prepare for . 
  is this 4chan, 
  for me it was the opposite , i just felt numbness and i 'm pretty sure i had a small panic attack . 
  do it under the shower man ... 
  i have some party ideas . 
  what do i do ? 
  what wrestling is . 
  mediocre . 
  han solo kills his father . 
  you just spoiled return of the jedi for me . 
  if someone was living in 2 dimension , they would n't understand 3 dimension . 
  just like 2d games . 
  you ca n't do anything to get the characters move in 3d because it does n't exist for them . 
  cool story bro . 
  thousand makeouts ... 
  let 's say you started at 15 because you 're a dawg . 
  365 * 6 = 2190 days . 
  you made out with different girls every 2 days for the last six years . 
  i like the first row . 
  what did you think ? 
  i cringed . 
  you seriously tagged it with `` no spoilers '' ? 
  you truly are some autistic retards . 
  you do n't have to capitalize all letters . 
  this is n't fucking buzzfeed or daily mail . 
  they do it like they would in any other movie . 
  i have n't wondered because i 'm not retarded like you . 
  roi checking in . 
  the definition you 're looking for is shitpost . 
  fuck you , fuck your friends and your friends ' friends . 
  fuck you . 
  you can text her on fb but chances are she wo n't reply , if she gave you a wrong number . 
  feel the bern . 
  i am almost literally the same as you , good to know i 'm not alone . 
  no one said it was great when it came out , no one says it 's great now either . 
  lol, 
  theweeknd-the hills, 
  i ca n't wat either . 
  roll, 
  what 's with mods answering questions all the time ?!, 
  i doubt anyone is interested in your `` funny '' answer without even clicking on the thread . 
  if you have an answer then post it as a comment in your own username or do n't post it ... 
  are you telling me that geordie shore is all a lie ? 
  no to all the questions imo . 
  last time i checked it was 16.01.2016 . 
  for the cheddar . 
  i 'm a parents . 
  no ragretss . 
  he always said he cares about the students , his motto actually was `` obama cares '' . 
  you can log out anytime , but you can never leave . 
  i do n't see the mods doing this anywhere else . 
  if you have a `` funny '' answer you can post it in the comment section with your username or just shut the fuck up . 
  is we fuckin ' when we leave the club or nah ? 
  once choked on a piece of toast , it does n't sound scary but it 's horrifying when you ca n't breath whatever you do . 
  mark from peep show . 
  he 's famous , we 're not famous . 
  `` your kind of an asshole '' is the correct way . 
  this is nonsense generalization . 
  what you 're saying is that life sucks for almost every young male . 
  you 're tired for a day because of wanking ? 
  never been to anywhere else in the country , 
  good post , good luck . 
  who the fuck upvoted you this many times ? 
  what year is it . 
  you fucked up covering the spoiler . 
  i do n't know how .
