  motherfucker that 's not how you crop . 
  this whole thread is retarded . 
  do you all live in the fucking hood ? 
  muchacho in spanish , not sure what it means . 
  your mom 's business , you know which one i 'm talking of . 
  that 's no slav , but a hipster . 
  `` if i do n't want you giving another woman a ride , you do n't do it !!! '', 
  yeah he does what he wants . 
  how do we know that you vape ? 
  you told us . 
  do n't read the comments , it 's just a bunch of weirdos . 
  upvote this comment for everyone to see . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  jesus christ just shut the fuck up about the movie . 
  gravity is never going to be a classic , it 's a bad movie and time wo n't change that . 
  i could n't even finish the movie because it was so boring and literally nothing was happening . 
  i saw your pic on here already . 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  you look like a normal average dude . 
  stop posting this nonsense . 
  i do n't think so , usually its like bugs crawling under my skin . 
  start the circlejerk , so you do n't provide anything to the discussion yet you still get some karma . 
  these final hours, 
  please explain the arguments i brought up then . 
  no , and do n't call me surely . 
  solid answer . 
  imdb said it by the way . 
  joke . 
  tell me more about the mechanics of puns and jokes please . 
  i would have made a comment there saying it was a test/experiment that i can make the front page without oc , some random progress picture i found on the internet , but i 'm banned now , so i could n't . 
  you really party hard . 
  my whole life was a lie . 
  your nose looks like you sucked a dick with a blade on top of it . 
  nice job photoshopping the dick out of your mouth . 
  i did n't know 11:52 was faggot o'clock . 
  well i 'm not a customer , 
  thanks a lot . 
  i have made multiple backups and i have many pictures saved two or three times in seperate folders with different filenames.i want to upload them to flickr , but i dont want any duplicates , any idea on how to do this . 
  its about 2000 pictures . 
  you can start mining but thats not a full time job ... 
  claymore stops working 2 seconds in , the gpu shows up though . 
  for claymore ive tried the 15.12 which they recommended in readme , and also the newest one ,, 
  it shows up in the device manager . 
  psu is 850w corsair . 
  whats cf ? 
  it has five pcie slots . 
  it would be for mining ethereum and you dont need crossfire for that.u can do mining with the oldest shittiest mobos . 
  i was thinking maybe a bios upgrade , but i wouldnt do it if i wasnt certain its the problem . 
  i know there are forums and subreddits for this exact thing but they werent any help . 
  i 'm looking for much longer term gainz , ethereum really looks revolutionary imo . 
  wow what are the chances . 
  it was a joke but it could happen someday , or not , im no expert . 
  i have 28 mh/s and 420 mh/s . 
  same card modded bios and oc . 
  u would get 50c if you undervolted . 
  those cards could easily take dual mining , i 'm dual mining on rx470s and i get 67c . 
  nice work bro , keep it up . 
  you can set the payouts to 0.05 eth , if it wo n't show on your, 
  coinbase account its not working and you lost 0.05 eth . 
  you will know pretty soon because coinbase sends you an automatic email when you receive eth . 
  ive been mining to coinbase for a while now , no issues . 
  myetherwallet noob here , what do you mean save them offline ? 
  it would take weeks to build it , configure it . 
  you cant mine on a mac . 
  they 're just gon na lose money on this when there will be nothing to mine , also the miners ca n't sell them to gamers only other miners . 
  just short amd and nvidia imo . 
  that 's no lambo . 
  they sell huge amounts when the price gets close to 30 $ , so it ca n't go higher . 
  that 's what i 'm thinking as well , all these alts are following the price of bitcoin , eth and ltc as well , but i would rather be holding them than any other altcoins if bitcoin loses vale . 
  no one is talking about ltc here on reddit , ( except for the dedicated subs ) , while the chinese are trading like crazy . 
  i 'm not an expert , so these are just guesses . 
  shit i forgot the serious tag . 
  i 'm already invested bud . 
  do n't store all your coins in one address or exchange . 
  is n't asking for upvotes against policy ? 
  look at the charts lad , do you even gdax ? 
  the memes are only here because we hit 300 and 400 so fucking fast . 
  people get banned for this kinda shit , take care . 
  it 's in our joint interest to go over 420 again . 
  it 's not weird , same thing happens when you use your card in a country with different currency . 
  what the hell, 
  it 's already huge , but they started 2 years ago . 
  in the current climate i can see it go much higher because it 's more futuristic than blockchains and investors want to invest in the future . 
  they just put it on bitfinex today , that 's the only place you can trade it . 
  `` crash '', 
  iota 's head dev is on reddit , hes blaming an iota wallet user for being able to make a weak seed in one if the threads on r/iota . 
  this guy thinks every user is a crypto programmer , somethings obviously not right here . 
  is it christmas already ? 
  this is fine . 
  so deep it hurts . 
  we could n't afford to feed the damn thing . 
  i 'm okay until 238 $ , that 's my overall average . 
  it 's going down alongside of btc , probably we 're gon na recover stronger , better and the flippening is gon na happen . 
  okay boys here is the plan :, 
  wait for 600 $ ath , sell everything , its gon na crash back to 400 , buy buy buy . 
  make your own meme . 
  you 're a fucking artist . 
  april what ? 
  make it rain, 
  ~ ~ do n't ~ ~ send money .
