are catalonians really culturally diferent from spaniards , or is there some other reason they 're trying to leave ? 
  i heard something about catalonia being dragged down by spain 's economic troubles , or something like that . 
  i 'm not sure anyone understand what you are trying to say . 
  i 'm not sure of that , i mean lithuania is already in nato , and it 's not like eu has a military . 
  perhaps economic benefit ? 
  interesting way to say the word role . 
  they wanted to join together , but the leaders of belarus and russia have been lagging on doing anything with it . 
  its called the union state : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_state, 
  last one is greatness . 
  except the key thing is , a lot of these states do n't have that strong of an identity outside the united states , actually none of them do but hawaii and arguably some mexico-bordering states , in europe though , an inequality in regions with different cultures could be troublesome due to the poverty being assumed by various peoples to be caused by lack of representation . 
  please kill the word terrorism , burn that stupid fucking word . 
  scaredy western romance countries !, 
  ^ and ^ ^ ^ germany ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ too . 
  you have to admit , its more european than a lot of the central american and south american countries . 
  i was not saying we are european . 
  basques also . 
  remember though , over long periods of time , genes spread like wildfire over far and wide , so the people with aryan genes are likely a much larger group than the actual aryans were . 
  northern north america you mean . 
  mexico and central america are not really european-like as far as i know , kinda their own thing . 
  the british are really good at creating semi-european people . 
  canada , u.s. , australia , new zealand , are all very close to being european . 
  meanwhile if you look at spanish and portuguese ones ... not so much . 
  average canadian accent that does n't include quebec because they speak a whole different language . 
  that 's probably what he meant . 
  bush you fucker . 
  they 're fucking canadians , the border is probably not going to do much harm to be open . 
  personally , i think that saying an island in the mediterranean sea is part of one continent or the other is foolhardy , like saying that hawaii is part of a continent . 
  if the body of water is between continents , any line you draw is arbitrary , and they should just be considered islands . 
  cyprus is at the very least half culturally european as of now , so i feel it is fair enough to consider that part european . 
  the civil war was nearly a century after the birth of the united states . 
  the original u.s. was but a mere confederation , with a slow buildup of federal and executive power , but for the longest time the ideal was small farmers working and voting . 
  not exactly rich mate . 
  when you try to do that mate , it causes false equivalence , which leaves you with a centrist view of unequal sides . 
  perhaps a website where people submit world debates and post articles on the 2 sides and their actions/arguments ( on the same screen in columns ) with a voting system like reddit . 
  perhaps that could leave you with a more balanced system , with people checking the votes to see which side is currently supported in a situation . 
  it happened like hell in the u.s. , it was fucking stupid and planet killing . 
  god people are such assholes to people that ca n't give them profit , like the future people who would have to deal with this if it was just a bit stronger . 
  `` fuck you i got mine '' . 
  i think people in poland trust the u.s. to have enough trust in u.s. military to not shoot polish people in the face for no reason or anything , so the referendum would be kinda pointless . 
  more defense that you do n't have to pay for is almost always a good thing . 
  to be fair , often that is a case of partially true partially false , as there are not many independent revolutions anymore . 
  then again , how much of the public know anything about estonia , latvia , and lithuania ? 
  people do n't just think ally , they also think of how significant of an ally it is . 
  like the big 5 in western europe of spain germany italy britain and france , which are well known by americans . 
  americans are not that bad of a hegemonic leader , i mean all the wars about `` terrorism '' were started by the same president to put things in perspective . 
  that 's like hating australia for tony abbott . 
  europe needs its own footing , but i feel there is no reason why it should have more influence . 
  besides , you know very well that if the eu was in the same situation , your guys ' nuts would appear everywhere in politics to change the world to their perfect little image of it . 
  i guarantee it . 
  get out . 
  poland would know surprise anschluss better than any other relevant country i suppose . 
  to be fair , walls between conflicting but similiar people do cause short-term peace . 
  long-term , maybe not . 
  well , reddit is often better . 
  at least we are n't like `` take that , stupid * insert party i disagree with that has little relevance * '' which i see all the time in comment sections regarding politics on other sites . 
  geography , you ruin everything . 
  the first argument of the distrust needs to burn , but the other 2 have a point . 
  making a product harder to produce but very profitable if you can tends to lead to very tight oligopolies of 1-3 producers , with any 3rd producer seen more as an alternative to the major ones anyway . 
  and we all know the correlation of competition and prices . 
  if europe became a state , with at the very least , a very very very confederate leaning federation , nato would probably end up extended to the joint military . 
  few deals here and there , but i feel it would work out like that in the end . 
  because they do n't need to , as troops are , unfortunately , not of rare supply . 
  says the person from belgium . 
  they were the first to communism !, 
  not the best thing to be first to ... 
  the definition of country is very arbitrary and confusing in a lot of ways , it would be best to say that scotland is in uk affairs should be referred to as a country , but internationally , it is not . 
  this is because while scotland certainly plays an independent part in uk politics , internationally , it does not . 
  i suppose i mean that what is and is n't a country is relative . 
  no post , no evidence , no belief from r/europe . 
  your claims have no basis . 
  he did n't change his tune , you 've never met him before , read wub_wub 's comment . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  mate , you are kind of a dick . 
  not anything else to say . 
  unfortunately , separation of power does not solve the problem in republics of the fact that no one is going to decrease their own power , and if you allow other powers to do it to each other , one would probably become dominant in the end . 
  causing a slow increase in power over time . 
  i fear for basque . 
  really ? 
  that is utterly beautiful . 
  well this thread is over , we 've covered everything now . 
  2 comments , what a record . 
  no one is getting the joke and this makes me sad , read what it written in the pop-up box on the cyprus flag . 
  you know what they say about democracies though . 
  a president is not elected for his virtue , but his opinions and promises , something that can be easily lied about . 
  if it is true ( let 's make no assumptions ) then i 'm proud of ukraine , managing to maintain independence . 
  i doubt it 's true though , although anything is possible . 
  though you must admit , ukraine has certainly changed . 
  sorry you are stuck in stupid cyprus . 
  edit : read the guy 's pop-up box on the flag of the comment before me before voting -_- . 
  3 reasons . 
  england steadily superimposed itself on the rest of the nations on britain throughout history , resulting in people treating the uk as if it were just england 2 . 
  people think that it will be much colder , as it is north , and some people just try to project the identity of uk over the entire uk so that they do n't feel like they are missing out when they decide they should go to what they think is much warmer 3 . 
  cities attract people , england got all the cities , not anything else really to say here . 
  in case anyone is wondering what gagatron means by `` civilization '' , read this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clash_of_civilizations ( note : not referring to the book , just the wikipedia article ), 
  people feel they need a strong basis for sanctions and harming other countries economically . 
  currently , corruption is not one of these strong bases sadly . 
  well , you can always do the magic trick of disappearing for years and reappearing . 
  it worked before . 
  germanic people and their fucking categories . 
  / s ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ seriously ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ united ^ ^ ^ ^ kingdom ^ ^ ^ ^ has ^ ^ ^ ^ way ^ ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ ^ many .
