  no wonder the uk is in its current state , without the rum ration what 's the point of even having the royal navy ? 
  disgraceful . 
  wait , does n't the royal navy still have the grog ration ? 
  gibraltar is a bit of a tax haven , so naturally spain wants to get rid of that tax haven that 's right by their doorstep and will likely use brexit as a way of doing so, 
   this is a sub dedicated to the eu no , that would be / r/eu . 
  this sub is a default for anyone with a european ip address , that includes russians , norwegians , swiss , serbs , etc. 
  apparently the british sas are doing the same . 
  not sure how i feel about our forces executing our own citizens without trial , but then again those citizens are traitors so it 's kinda hard to feel bad for them, 
  how dare you , nothing is better than the traditional scottish dish : chicken curry, 
  that picture means jack shit , you ca n't determine average height of a nation in a certain time period based on something that 's likely propaganda or very easy to manipulate ( simply pick the tallest guy on the regiment to pose for the pictures ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_average_human_height_worldwide within the average according to this list . 
  yeah , americans are rushing to buy those european improved cpus , operating systems , internet , phones , etc. . . / s in case you could n't figure that out, 
  hah , `` these stats disagree with my perception of a country that 's based on stereotypes . 
  therefore it is biased and wrong ! '', 
  which african countries ? 
  indian food . 
  the whole point of colonizing india was to get all their food . 
  why would beans make you shorter ; would n't the iron content help with growth if anything ? 
  dear god, 
   even their customs are not as pretentious as americans ones what american customs are you thinking of that are `` pretentious '' ? 
   that does n't mean they know what asia is or what are dogs you think the average american does n't know what a dog or asia is ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  yes . 
  the prime minister is head of government , queen is head of state . 
  right , because every single european is some enlightened intelectual who puts those american plebs to shame . 
  youre statement just proves that europeans are just as ignorant and arrogant , generalising a nation of 300 million people and pretending 500 million europeans are all superior . 
  this is laughable . 
  how many american inventions have you used to type and send this comment anyway ? 
  fun fact : for the spongebob movie , they created a life size replica of him that can be used as a speedboat . 
  i liked the fact that i did n't have to think about what to wear for school at the time , just get your uniform and done . 
  plus , you ( or at least i ) did n't really mind getting it dirty since it 's a school only thing , and my nicer clothes would be kept in good condition . 
  huh , amsterdam is tiny . 
  i expected it to be 1 million + in population . 
  is this including the metro area ? 
  arabia , anatolia , levant appears to be missing too, 
  wow this actually has positive votes , on this subreddit . 
  fun fact : the leaders of indian rebellions would be executed by attaching them to a cannon and firing it . 
  cause a firing squad just is n't enough sometimes . 
  it seems to differ from school to school . 
  my gcse ( 14-16 years old ) history class covered both nigeria and australia 's colonisation in depth , and showed how `` white '' colonies were treated in comparison to the african colonies . 
  we did n't learn anything about the british raj though , which is arguably the british empire 's centre piece . 
  oh god yeah , i also learned about the american civil war and the american independence war !, 
  in a british curriculum , it 's kinda bizarre . 
  imo it would be a lot better for us to replace those two and teach about the troubles and stuff like the kenyan or malaysian emergency . 
  tbf , although the irish were a lot of the manpower in the army , they mostly signed up because poverty in ireland itself was so bad ( mostly thanks to british policies like the corn laws ) that there werent any other career choices . 
  englishmen and scots are the ones who ran the show and profited from the empire . 
  i had colonialism covered in my gcse history classes , we focused on nigeria and australia only though . 
  albeit this stuff obviously differs from school to school . 
  this is outrageous , we do n't have an independence day , everyone has an independence day from us !, 
  cultural i suppose . 
  muslims and jews do it for religious reasons , christian americans do it because ... well i actually do n't know . 
  david cameron really deserves more flak for all this . 
  this referendum was his doing and the coward just fucking bailed afterwards . 
   macaroni guy we already agreed he 's a macaroon !, 
  yes , scotland declaring unilateral independence would be shot down by both the british government and spain ( spain is okay with a bilateral independence referendum , not a unilateral one ) . 
  nobody in scotland would dream of doing that since even the eu would probably refuse to recognise it as legitimate . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  cornwall is a part of england , it 's not a separate country within the uk like scotland is , besides , the referendum of 2014 was legally binding so clearly westminster was willing to take that risk of losing scotland . 
  if they try integrating that is . 
  http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/65195000/jpg/_65195396_queen_flag.jpg i think it 's pretty safe to assume he identified as british . 
  we 're a small island with a housing problem . 
  just stereotypes and icons , e.g. 
  the queen , freddy mercury , bad teeth , james bond , rolls royce , tea , the accent , etc. 
  that 's a bloody shame . 
  too bad it 's gon na be impossible to reform the voting system while murdoch has a grip on the media, 
  yeeeeaaah we 'll probably be landing our first 2 men on mars by 2050 , not one million humans ( who would be deformed and suffer if they were born on mars , due to the gravity difference and radiation ), 
   anglo american ideological warfare uh ... what ? 
  both the usa and uk have below replacement level birth rates , we 're sustained by immigrants . 
  with climate change coming around , we 're not gon na be enjoying the massive migration to europe . 
   i never understood how people can stay friends with their exes as kissinger put it : [ countries ] have no permanent friends or enemies , only interests . 
  article 50 has been triggered and the lib dems wo n't be winning a majority any time soon . 
  labour is committed to carrying out brexit too , tories i do n't even need to mention . 
   break them that 's just gon na reinforce the brexit sentiment and make an enemy out of the uk for no reason . 
   * laughs in mandarin *, 
  wait ... duke of auschwitz ? 
  that 's an unfortunate title to have . 
  ironic how ? 
  we did n't get treated like the irish , hell most of the brits in northern ireland are descendants of scots colonisers ( they 're mostly presbyterian as opposed to anglican and like to claim they speak ulster * scots * . 
  origins of that crowd are pretty clear . 
  and it was james vi who sent them there . ), 
  i also dont want an empire , i do n't want to boss the canadians , anzacs around , i just feel closer culturally to them than anyone else in europe ( except the irish , and germans given that my mum is one ) . 
  germany is made up of germans , people who spoke a common language and had similar cultures . 
  china and russia are authoritarian nations that crush any rebellion by force , not sure you 'd want to emulate them . 
  netherlands , same as germany . 
  very similar cultures , very close to each other . 
  same for italy , albeit they had a few wars too . 
  uk is n't exactly very united atm either , even after 300 years of being british half of scotland wants out . 
  spain has catalan separatism . 
  india works surprisingly well , but they still have pakistan and bangladesh around ( and pakistan and india bloody hate each other ) . 
  the eu nations have big differences between them , and massive disparities in size . 
  how will 2 million estonians stand up to 81 million germans in a democracy ? 
  use an electoral college system ? 
  then the big populations would complain it 's unfair . 
  give everyone a veto ? 
  look at how poland lithuania turned out thanks to that . 
  well keep in mind i 'm not the british government or people , just an atheist scot who does n't want creationists in my parliament . 
  i just wish there was a more sane unionist party in ni that can win seats . 
  oh alright , my bad . 
   no neighbours right , i forgot about the canadian genocide of 1812 and mexican holocaust of 1848 . 
  current china is n't ancient china .
