  von braun himself designed everything from the computers to the space suits , the rest were all fetching coffee for him . 
  because we all know the country that split the atom and invented the airplane would n't ever be able to land on the moon without the help of superior german intellect . 
  nevermind that von braun didnt evento support the orbital rendezvous method used to land on the moon , or that the navigational computers ( which are kind of important ) were designed and programmed by americans , or that the actual crew that piloted the damn thing were americans . 
   at best a partner in ww2 you criticise the americans for rewriting history and being historically inaccurate yet you are doing the exact same thing here . 
  `` at best a partner '' ? 
  the lend lease act does n't ring any bells ? 
  the fact that more american than british troops died despite having only fought for 3 years ( pearl harbour was in december after all ) compared to 6 ? 
  bombing germany and japan into ash ? 
  not to mention that it was the presence of american troops that stopped the soviets from advancing further . 
  you can ask poland how great being a soviet satellite was . 
  edit : this comment might have been submitted twice due to shoddy wifi connection . 
   both surpass america actually the soviet union obviously , but the uk ? 
  i mean , i 'm quite proud of our ww2 intelligence and the raf bombing germany to oblivion and all , but without the usa we would have definitely been absolutely boned . 
   seems to mistakenly believe they were important in ww2 they were n't ? 
  just because they exagerrate does n't somehow mean they were n't important to it . 
  you get angry at america for being historically inaccurate but you are guilty of the same if you think they were n't important in ww2 . 
  no , obviously the usa did n't win ww2 single handedly , but it did provide billions worth of aid via lend lease , it did bombard germany to kingdom come , it did bombard japan to kingdom come ( hell even used atomic bombs in the process ) , and ofc it 's thanks to american troops that the soviets did n't occupy the rest of europe too . 
  or would you have preferred being a warsaw pact country ? 
  also , tf do you mean `` majority not being british '' ? 
  we were n't even included in saving private ryan . 
  what do the british have to do with that movie ? 
  did you think the imitation game was an american movie ? 
  did you notice the accent of any of the characters ? 
  or hear the main characters name mentioned at all ? 
  dice is a swedish company . 
  self flagellating ! = historical accuracy nothing wrong with celebrating your countries achievements every now and then . 
  do you have to rewrite napoleonic history to get a french victory out of it ? 
  no obviously not . 
  plenty of real french victories to pick from . 
  maybe your country has to rewrite history to get something good out of it , but that does n't apply to all of us . 
  a european trash talking the usa for colonisation is fucking rich . 
  i guess cortez and pizarro werent true europeans ? 
  i 'm sure european controlled africa was heaven on earth too . 
   you wan na say americans are saints he never said nor implied that . 
  he did n't even try to deny the fact that rape did occur . 
  reservations arent concentration camps you fool , they 're not under guard and they are allowed to leave and enter as they please . 
  nobody gets shot or gassed for leaving them . 
  yeah the usa is built on conquered land , so was the roman empire , and after the roman empire the invading germanic tribes invaded too . 
  same thing in the me , the arabs invaded and conquered the previous inhabitants . 
  everyone lives on conquered land , boohoo . 
   you only had 5-10 years of peace is france or the uk any better ? 
  both still fought after ww2 . 
  france fought in algeria and vietnam and mali ; the uk fought in malaysia , yemen and kenya . 
  you 're deluded if you think the usa is somehow the exception and is the only one who fights any wars . 
   americans was not better than the soviets let 's compare ex american occupied areas to the ex soviet occupied ones , shall we ? 
  hint : western parts of germany are still better than eastern parts in almost every category . 
  also you 'll be hard pressed to find any french or german person who hates the usa as much as polish or estonian people hate russia . 
  why is everyone bashing the usa in this thread , they are n't even in the movie and the director is british . 
  oh well in that case . 
  it all comes down to madrid approving it though , i ca n't see the eu reconsigning the referendum if one of its member states does n't even allow it to happen . 
   usa flair  / u/bolschewik i ca n't tell if you 're using `` liberal '' as an insult in the right wing american way or in the traditional left wing way . 
  except he has always been anti eu . 
  corbyn is an old school socialist . 
  bernie sanders was also a protectionist . 
  i imagine it 's due to his influence over british , australian and american politicians is probably greater than his influence over non anglophone ones . 
  everyone knows a * documentary is 100 % more reliable if it 's narrated by someone with a british accent . 
  * if it 's a documentary about animals than an australian narrator makes it 200 % more reliable . 
  not too surprising given that they already made a prototype ~ ~ sixth ~ ~ fifth gen ( bae replica ) and are already working with france on autonomous drones ( the bae taranis and dassault neuron were going to be merged into 1 design iirc ) . 
  have you seen the graffiti they wrote in pompeii ? 
  is ireland doing badly ? 
  i thought you guys were doing better than the uk even before brexit . 
  scientific research is pretty expensive but also pretty valuable . 
  education and infrastructure too . 
  build bullet trains , research into fusion reactors , etc. 
  does this mean the 4th reich is gon na be annexing bits of russia ? 
   russia in the eu assuming they wo n't be with a poland , estonia , lithuania , latvia , finland , hungarian , romanian , czech and slovak veto . 
  swiss and norwegians also do n't seem too enthusiastic about the eu . 
  but / r/europe is a default for any european ip address , this includes russians , serbs , swiss , norwegians , etc. 
   let 's try to leave unilaterally and try to enter the eu when spain is a member , what could go wrong ? 
  cambridge five are at it again, 
  red army faction , not royal air force . 
  confusing yes . 
  suicide bombing was in use by the lebanese civil war , in the 1980s . 
  in fact they used it to kill americans https://googleweblight.com/?lite_url=https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1983_united_states_embassy_bombing&amp;ei=or6szp9f&amp;lc=en-br&amp;s=1&amp;m=290&amp;host=www.google.com.br&amp;ts=1500656562&amp;sig=alnzjwkqm6pjirrq-pihtvaea2c50esztg, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terrorist_incidents_in_1980 have fun reading . 
  this is just one decade btw . 
  honestly , have you never heard of the raf , ira , eta , etc. ? 
  the munich olympics attack ? 
  iranian embassy siege in london ? 
  yes , that 's before 2003 , just like i said . 
  if you think the first gulf war is what started modern terrorism then you are mistaken , it was also already happening before the 1990s . 
  i guess he 's referencing this ? 
  is this an archer reference or like , for real ? 
  is n't the band english ? 
  yes i do , that 's exactly why i said terrorism was a thing before 2003 . 
   eu citizens living in scotland were allowed to vote in the scottish independence referendum . 
  which was ridiculous . 
  i would n't vote in a catalan independence referendum if i lived there . 
  being a foreigner and having such influence in another country feels wrong . 
  if you do n't have citizenship in a country , you should n't be allowed to possibly decide the fate of said country , especially if its something so drastic that will affect us for centuries afterwards . 
  ad 1700 though scotland-england-netherlands ? 
  yikes , imagine if that union had stuck and we had to use the official name . 
   you read the list of combatants ? 
  how all british ex-colonies immediately declared war and all those countries immediately had grunts in the frontline fighting for the uk in a war which kinda had no political effect for them ? 
  you think they were unconnected ? 
  you think they also randomly decided to immediately declare war ? 
  i wonder why these countries who have the same head of state , government system , law , religion , and language would support each other . 
  not like most of canada consisted of descendants of french and british settlers . 
  no reason to fight ww2 at all . 
  canz were still young countries at the time , in anz 's case they were less than 50 years old , it 's pretty obvious why they still felt a sense of kinsmanship with the old country which they shared so much with and still do ( like the queen ) .
