  luxembourg was the result of the incest-cousin sex that followed, 
  the_donald is n't the working man , theyre teenagers and 20 something 's who are addicted to 4chan, 
  not if youre in the baltics didnt trump say he wo n't defend them if they 're attacked by a certain short dude ? 
  born in new york , ridiculous blonde hair and haircut . . checks out . 
  boris is trump 's long lost twin, 
  tell them to get fucked . 
  because we would kick their ass in a conventional war ? 
  vis conquest i can believe , but via immigration ? 
  sounds dubious, 
  i chose low rent and got london , paris , new york and san francisco  : /, 
  is n't that the reason age of consent exists ? 
  i 'm certain every alt right politician has `` property of vladimir putin '' stamped on their ass . 
  they go apeshit seeking senpai putin 's approval and autograph, 
  i 'm scared of that happening in the usa if clinton wins . 
  i 'm a german citizen too , my mum and grandparents are germans . 
  my grandparents are actually prussians in fact , both from cities now annexed by poland fact is you do n't start genocidal wars and not suffer consequences when you lose . 
  oh yeah , exterminate 80 % of slavs and enslave 20 % ( and work them to death ) is so much better, 
  too bad , russia does n't give a shit . 
  are n't the rightful owners of prussia the pagan baltic speaking prussians that the german teutonic knights exterminated ? 
  they did n't try try to exterminate ethnic groups for `` lebensraum '' though germany invaded eastern europe with the intent to murder every slav from the oder to the volga ; the russian victory was pretty merciful compared to what the nazis had in store for the slavs, 
  while we 're at it lets return all of the americas to the natives and all of france back to the gauls . 
  also israel must stop existing - but wait !, 
  jews were there first so does that mean they can take everything then ? 
  oh and all of anatolia back to the greeks . . or was it persians ? 
  these `` gim me back my old dirt '' nonsense is hopeless . 
  99 % of kaliningrad is russian and would likely choose to remain so . 
   `` brazilians live there '' that one gave me a chuckle , speaking as someone who was raised in brazil since babyhood and consider myself one . 
  yes , but the germans had started the concept way back in ww1 when the zeppelin bombed england , and then the luftwaffe bombed guernica before ww2 started , and then they debuted the war with a bombing of warsaw and then rotterdam, 
  no germans were prosecuted after ww2 over bombing of cities , it was an acceptable strategy . 
   an english hey now , we scots built the empire too . 
  i 'm talking about 1204 , when they sacked constantinople and kicked out the imperial court and then proceeded to mismanage it and drive the city into poverty, 
  `` might have fallen '' vs `` did fall '' . 
  the latins occupied and bankrupted the city for 60 years, 
  rome and germania, 
  i 'm not sure an orthodox patriarch would like to have catholic crusaders `` helping out '' considering what happened in 1204, 
  a wonderful dysfunctional family, 
   burns money  pisses off long time partner `` at least im free from the stuff that oppressed me like pillow regulations hurhur '', 
  that 's actually really cool , hopefully their dialect of greek does n't go extinct iirc there were buddhist greek kingdoms in afghanistan due to the culture exchange, 
  due to voter turnout out and the population bracket that is eligible for voting ... 
  under 18 are part of the population but ca n't vote , and those who did n't bother to vote only have themselves to blame i 'm anti brexit before anyone accuses me of being a ukip supporter . 
  they can be friends with the hungarians . 
  at least it 's not behind brazil again . 
  albeit that only lasted like 6 months, 
  m8 the uk did n't prevent catholicism from uniting europe . 
  martin luther was german , gustav adolphus was a swede , half of germany was protestant , denmark was protestant , the netherlands were protestant , eastern europe was orthodox ... also , how was hitler uniting europe ? 
  he was expanding germany , not trying to create a pan european movement, 
  that 's what i called it after forming germany as prussia in eu4 from hohenzollern eagle to sad yellow chicken, 
  too bad kaliningrad nowadays would n't be worth fighting for . 
  trump is being meme 'd into office , memes are serious business in this day and age, 
  the latin rule of constantinople was so utterly shite that they had to sell holy relics for cash . 
  they sold the ( alleged ) crown of thorns for fucks sake . 
  i imagined the crusaders sack in 1204 would have had a bigger impact, 
  fun fact : the medieval chinese managed to build natural gas pipes using bamboo . 
  china and the roman empire combined probably caused the world iron production to peak when the romans and han were at their peak . 
  iirc cordoba and baghdad might 've reached 1 million . 
  cities in china certainly did . 
  well they 're from yemen so hopefully a saudi missile misses and accidentally hits house, 
  a lot of africans speak english and french and are christian , does n't mean they 're culturally european, 
  the `` dark '' ages is an old myth . 
  the roman empire in constantinople was alive and well and continued being religious and technologically advanced ( the hagia sophia is a marvel of engineering and religious art ), 
  18th actually . 
  the more extreme french revolutionaries were very anti church as well , napoleon had to step in to restore the catholic faith in france, 
  i mean , if i was a slav/jew i 'd probably greet the soviets as liberators considering they did n't have any equivalent to generalplan ost, 
  this map is very euro centric indeed . 
  india , east asia and the me should be choking full of dots, 
  why not both ? 
  anti semitic ultra religious conservatives are twats , what 's new ? 
  many dutchmen have died of hypoxia when scaling the cliffs of dover, 
  tbh i do n't mind william of orange and queen mary joint regency sequel when ? 
  because we are strange . 
  the spanish one is n't even a question . 
   the english are strange i love how someone googled that , not as a question , but just as a personal statement . 
  also  english is a greek dialect, 
    and said all the migrants wanted was to live in peace * after escaping from conflict . 
  well they 're in france . 
  they could live in france ( already breaking the law . . ) which is a million light years better than a country at war . 
  roosevelt died before the first nuke detonated . 
   youtube clips  evidence i remember when people scoffed at wikipedia being used a source . 
  have we fallen so low that youtube has become a proper source ? 
  if they were in syria and being denied entry into a safe country then i would feel pity . 
  but these people are in fucking france !, 
  and i wager 2/3 arent even syrian . 
  they just loiter there all day , all week , all month , all year , doing nothing at all . 
  they do n't even work for crying out loud . 
  scum of the earth all of them, 
  his family is in syria while this cunt wallows in france doing nothing other than leeching off charities . 
  exactly . 
  france is on par with the uk on everything , if they 're truly `` desperate poor refugees '' then you wouldve applied for asylum in france already better yet , they would have done it in spain/italy/greece, 
  good . 
  theyre in france for fucks sake , theyre not refugees running from war , considering they went through spain/italy/greece to get to france and then attempt to get into the uk . 
  all these countries are safe and peaceful with superior living conditions to every country in africa and the me . 
  russian anthem and french anthems are my favorites for sure, 
  some people wear wetsuits speaking of , how do they distinguish between wetsuit and burqini ? 
  i would love to see what moltke , fredrick the great , hindenburg , napoleon , foch , etc would make of this i imagine michel ney would be pleased . 
  iirc he was bilingual in german and french due to being born and raised right by the border, 
  damn . 
  i loved the famas , it has such a unique and futuristic look to it, 
  good god he even looks like a bat . 
  first hre is karl the great right ? 
  so we clearly need a new karl to revive the empire,
