  besides , might as well declare war on them at the start rather than after they sink your merchant ships , germany managed to provoke brazil ( a country filled with german , italian and japanese immigrants ! ), 
  to go to war with them , canada would have declared war on them sooner or later regardless . 
  also  war which kinda had no political effect for them ? 
  is that so ? 
  even the isolationist usa was providing supplies for the uk before entering the war . 
  turns out it was n't in anyone 's interests to see the allies be defeated by germany . 
  it just so happens that world wars do have political effects worldwide , they 're a pretty big deal given that they change the world 's balance of power and all that . 
   their governments were simply still connected to the uk . 
  but they simply were n't ... do you think there was some shadowy cabal of british agents in these countries who were blackmailing the politicians into doing their bidding ? 
  the statue of westminster was n't some hidden , under the tables ordeal . 
  the canadian , australian and nz public knew that they were in control of their own foreign policy , if they wanted to they would n't have to go to war . 
  what would the uk do ? 
  spend resources invading ( and alienating ) them during a war with germany ? 
  obviously not . 
   people from nepal also thought `` i better go fight italians in north africa '' ? 
  funny that you mention the gurkhas . 
  they still volunteer to join the british army in this day and age actually , and nepal is a independent country . 
  waterloo , 1970 . 
  pretty great film , thousands of extras and no cgi . 
  directed by a ukrainian and using soviet soldiers as extras funnily enough . 
  would have expected them to make one about borodino instead , which would have been glorious . 
   but on the battlefield they are regarded as mediocre at best . 
  i mean they where beaten out of continental europe time and time again ... hm ? 
  british soldiers performed pretty well in spain during the peninsular war . 
  yeah yeah , napoleon was n't there , but napoleon 's marshals were n't idiots and the french soldier was a battle hardened veteran led by experienced officers , it 's not as if every victory against france is discredited if napoleon was n't involved . 
   when we think about britain usually what comes to mind is catastrophic generals in ww1 and sitting it out in ww2 . . 
  except that by 1918 both french and british generals were making excellent use of combined arms tactics ( and ofc showing the potential of tanks ) and pretty much steamrolling the german army . 
  sitting out ww2 ? 
  i guess bombing germany to dust , cracking the enigma , fighting in north africa , italy , burma , india and france do n't really count now ? 
   what allies call perfected was often mediocre to what german did for years . 
  remind me again , how many troops did germany manage to land in the uk ? 
  those that were n't prisoners of war or spies who would be turned against germany that is . 
   the allies land millions over millions of soldiers with thousands of bombers in normandy against an enemy a fraction of its size and people call it the holy grail of amphibious landings . 
  yes , because that is amazing . 
  logistics wins wars , not flashy tanks that do n't even have fuel to run ( or better yet , their suspension breaks after moving less than a kilometers ) . 
  the germans took a tiny island that was guarded by less than 50,000 men . 
  they suffered such heavy casualties that even hitler decided not to try that sort of stunt again , big fucking whoop right there . 
  the allies landed 2 million men in france in 2 months , built a gasoline pipe across the channel , floating harbours , enough food for them and the civilian population , more tanks than germany could even dream of making and complete air superiority . 
   the us marines fought against one of the weakest armies in ww2 . 
  the japanese were tactically completely backwards . 
  they were even losing battles against the russian in 39 which were humilated in finland and early barbarrosa . 
  but the marines `` perfected '' . 
  yeah sure . 
  we can credit all of germany 's success with their enemies incompetence too , french high command and early british was n't exactly stellar in ww2 either . 
  the red army though . . purged of its officer corp , germany still could n't beat them , ouch . 
   ou ever checked how much resources the allies required to successfully land against germans ? 
  a number of resources is mind boggling . 
  they perfected one thing and that is the use of their resources . 
   they perfected one thing and that is the use of their resources . 
  yes , exactly !, 
  and they won !, 
  suffering less casualties even . 
   the germans often achieved the same with tiny amount of resources the fact that you are impressed by us landings boggles my mind . 
  achieved the same ? 
  germany could n't even invade the uk , or supply their army in north africa . 
   not vassal on paper but vassal enough to immediately send soldiers to die in europe . 
  how many countries which were no `` vassals '' of the uk did send troops to europe ? 
  how many of those who were , send ? 
  nearly all of them . 
  surprise . 
  that 's how vassal states act when their government is make believe autarch . 
  it 's almost as if canada , australia , new zealand and the uk shared a common heritage or something . 
  sharing a head of state , form of government , language , and even flag ( see pre-1965 canadian flag ) , i wonder why they wanted to fight against fascism in europe . 
  oh , ca n't forget in canada 's case , share a common heritage with * 2 * allied nations . 
  brazil and mexico ( 2 countries that are totally unrelated to either france or the uk ) sent troops to europe to fight . 
  turns out everyone hated germany at the time , wonder why . 
   those guys volunteered to fight for their occupator in a country they never heard of ? 
  well yes actually , there were n't any press gangs roaming india and forcing them to fight . 
  indians saw an opportunity to get food , money and military training and took it . 
  the uk would n't be able to continue oppressing india when 2.5 million indian soldiers who are armed and battle hardened were promised their freedom after the war . 
  i 'm angry at you obviously realizing that `` uh oh , turns out i was wrong '' and refusing to admit it . 
  do i need to explain what the statute of westminster is to you ? 
   nly through american food , american industry , and fought with american planes . . 
  the spitfire , hurricane , lancaster , etc. 
  are american now ? 
  til . 
  also , the american p-51 used the british merlin engine , and the successful , tiger destroying , sherman firefly used a british cannon . 
  not to mention the churchill , cromwell and comet tanks ( and if it had lasted a year longer , the amazing centurion tank , which israel used up until the 1980s . ), 
   volunteered '' . 
  dude if you think dozen of thousands indians gave a damn about the uk and wanted to die in ww1 and ww2 you are delusional . 
  why on fuckin gods earth would an indian guy want to be sent to europe to fight for the uk . 
  they were just fuckin vassal state with their population mobilised to serve their conquerors it does n't take a genius to figure out why an indian would sign up for the army . 
  a salary that was probably more than he would earn in decades . 
  joining the army for money has been a thing since the roman era . 
  they were n't pressed into service by roaming gangs of mps who would force them into uniform , they saw an opportunity to make money for their families and took it . 
  not to mention receiving military training and equipment , which would come in handy if the uk denied them independence afterwards . 
   `` freely '' because all those guys liked to die in europe for their british `` friends '' . 
  yes , those countries were still very young ( less than 100 years old ) and most of the population probably still had grandparents or parents who immigrated there from the uk . 
  if you ask most canadians , anzacs today they 'll say they 're proud of the fact that their country fought nazis and imperial japan , why would n't they be proud of killing nazis ? 
  hell even brazil , a country with nothing to do with the uk or france or anyone else in the war sent an expeditionary force to italy in ww2 . 
   the germans were also vastly superior in such landings . 
  the allies needed years and gigantic amounts of resources to land against a prepared position oh this is fucking rich . 
  you actually believe that fucking germany was superior at landing operations than the usa ? 
  ( you said allies after all , as in all allied countries ) . 
  this has to be a joke . 
  the us marine corps perfected landing operations via years of practice and combat experience , you are mad if you think germany had anywhere near that level of expertise . 
   the uk called their vassals to die in europe . 
  they did the same in ww1 . 
  you thick cunt , the uk did n't force canada or the anzacs to join ww2 because it literally could n't , those countries were in control of their foreign policy since 1931 . 
   no offence but if you think that all those `` independent '' countries decided to send their soldiers to die in europe while the rest of the world did n't are somehow a coincidence then i have a nice bridge to sell you yeah , the ex british colonies sent troops to fight , probably because most white ( majority of the population ) canadians , australians and new zealanders at the time were descendants of british settlers and still felt a sense of kinship with the uk at the time .
