  it was historically moorish , ergo the filthy goths should leave iberia and give it back to the arabs see how silly that sounds ? 
  and the new territories had the infrastructure needed to sustain the island . 
  hong kong would be in a west berlin situation if they had remained british and likely would n't remain an economic capital for long . 
   a peace treaty where the uk forced spain to cede a territory after a war , i.e a perfectly valid treaty . 
  i do n't see germans and polish people arguing over the old prussian and silesian cities . 
  `` it 's theirs because they 're close to it '' is not really an argument . 
  germany does n't throw fits over kaliningrad or the rest of ex prussia . 
  not to mention it was moorish for longer than it was spanish and is now british for longer than it has been spanish too . 
  have fun dealing with the usa , the current potus is half scottish and overly emotional , he does n't do the realpolitik stuff and would probably go to war over a coral reef . 
  well he did say we will * always * have paris . 
  it 's a unicorn and a lion you twit , there is only 1 cat . 
  aye the unicorn is scotland 's mascot . 
  i do n't get why the english want blue passports , everyone associates them with redcoats and red in general . 
   ignorance outside your culture  monolingual prison well i 'll start of by mentioning that i was born in the usa , raised by a german-argentine mother and a scottish father , spent weekends and holidays with my swedish step grandfather and moved to brazil more than a decade ago , it 's quite the multicultural mess really . 
  and no i 'm not locked into any monolingual prison , i speak portuguese and english fluently , can speak spanish and learning german . 
  i still fail to see how austria comes anywhere near the uk in economic power . 
  you 'd be correct in saying germany is richer yes , but austria ? 
  austria and germany have been seperate countries for a while now . 
  switzerland has a bigger gdp than austria and they 're also a mountainous , neutral , landlocked , small country . 
  please explain what you mean by `` richer than them '' here . 
  germany is n't a first rate power on its own either , you 're deluded if you think the usa does n't have them by the balls too . 
  at least the uk has its own nuclear capabilities and the army does n't have to use broomsticks for training . 
  no i 'm not saying the uk is a superpower in anyway , but we are not as irrelevant as austria in any way either . 
  yeah no shit they did n't have a referendum in the 1700s , but parliament was n't a single autocrat and it was n't conquered either . 
  again my point still stands , there was no conquest . 
  please explain to me , where am i incorrect ? 
  how big is austria 's military ? 
  do nations rely on you voting in their favour on the unsc ? 
  are there any austrian musician other than mozart and haydn that are as iconic as the beatles , rolling stones , pink floyd , etc. 
  or any modern austrian piece of literature that 's as well known as the lord of the rings , harry potter , pride and prejudice , charles dickens ' numerous works , etc. 
  is vienna a world capital of finance like london ? 
  are there any austrian universities as famous and prestigious as oxford , cambridge , imperial , london school of economics , etc. 
  is austria even a g7 nation ? 
  you claimed `` we are now richer than than them '' which is a lie , plain and simple , 428 billion would n't even round to 1 trillion nevermind above 2.7 trillion . 
  i 'm not an anglo , i 'm a scot and a german . 
  yes and then we voted to join the union . 
  it was n't subjugated or conquered , my point still stands . 
  which currently represents northern ireland , a place where the majority identify as british and can leave whenever they want to . 
  everyone 's been sabotaging everyone 's flag . 
  sweden took denmarks , brazil got murdered with random pixels and a 7-1 for good measure , ireland got turned into italy , etc, 
  england is 85 % of the uk 's population actually so that 48 % probably includes more englishmen than anything else, 
   we are now richer than them 2.7 trillion and 428 billion are n't the same number and about as relevant globally ? 
  the uk is a nuclear power with a veto in the unsc , part of the five eyes , a central nation in music , art , literature , academia , etc. 
  and the best performing g7 nation, 
  but there literally were people here calling for the uj to get vandalised, 
  but the eu is n't supported by everyone . 
  the fact that lepen is as popular as she is should be raising alarms , you ca n't ignore it and go `` lala everything will be fine no issues to address '', 
  except it 's biased towards the eu . 
  any time a swiss , norwegian ( and now british ) user says something mildly anti eu it gets downvoted to hell, 
  an american political cartoon tradition dating back to franklin 's `` join or die '' https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/benjamin_franklin_-_join_or_die.jpg, 
  good god man , not ben garrison so many labels, 
  i laughed a the may sawing off a branch one , having bojo in the zipline made it a masterpiece, 
  since you 're french , i suggest you hide any underage princesses you have from him . 
   subjugated scotland voted to join the uk ( as did england , both parliaments surrendered their existence to create a new single parliament ) . 
  it was n't a conquest where mel gibson gave speeches and painted his face blue, 
  that 's gaelic , scots is a germanic language ( pretty much english but with a scottish accent ) :p https://sco.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/edinburgh example, 
  by god you 're a visionary, 
  well considering the monarchy is why we ( scotland & england ) formed great britain , they 're generally considered a very important part of the nation , not to mention that the important members of the family do actual work ( elizabeth drove trucks and was a mechanic in ww2 , phillip was a sailor in the navy , harry and william served in afghanistan , etc. ), 
  they also generate more revenue than they cost thanks to their estates being worth more than their salary . 
  we 'll probably get rid of them eventually , maybe as soon as after elizabeth dies , but they 're really not considered an important issue at the moment . 
  neither canada , australia , or new zealand seem to care either ( the queen is also queen of those countries ), 
  do n't worry , we mixed them up at birth anyway . 
  pro tip for the future : new zealand has red stars , australia has white, 
  do n't worry lad , some of us still support staying in the uk for the sake of keeping the union jack nice and pretty . 
  it 'd be awfully naked without the saltire there, 
  * pssst , i think he 's from new zealand *, 
  or sneaky iceland , trying to be ` murican and european at the same time . 
  yes , but it 's still not / r/eu . 
  there are norwegian , russian , etc. 
  users here , and british ones ofc . 
  if they 're gon na make this into / r/eufanclub then they might as well do it properly and remove norway , switzerland , iceland , turkey , russia , serbia , bosnia , albania , macedonia , etc. 
  does scots count as english, 
  what do you all have against lizzie ? 
  she is n't even your queen ffs . 
  literally all she does is wave at events and breed corgis , her worst crime ever was probably forgetting to feed her dogs in time . 
  sure charles is a bit of a weirdo , but liz is perfectly fine . 
  sturgeon and salmond are fish , they can swim across the channel !, 
  well , at least it accurately shows * england * choosing to leave, 
  it 's good to see some support here . 
  this hatred for the uk here is getting ridiculous , the uk is leaving the eu , we did n't fucking bomb everyone 's house and shit on their carpet . 
  excuse me ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reunification#britain_and_france  representative of french president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand reportedly told an aide to gorbachev , '' ** france by no means wants german reunification ** , although it realises that in the end it is inevitable . 
  '' [ 22 ] at the strasbourg summit , mitterrand and thatcher discussed the fluidity of germany 's historical borders . 
  [ 20 ] on 20 january 1990 , ** mitterrand told thatcher that a unified germany could `` make more ground than even hitler had '' . 
  ** [ 25 ] he predicted that `` bad '' germans would reemerge , [ 24 ] who might seek to regain former german territory lost after world war ii [ 23 but hey , evil uk deserves to be flogged for being a naughty boy right ? 
  executed for deserting the cause of the superstate !, 
  not france though , they are nice because they did n't leave so all their past comments are forgiven   try to push , your bloody island finally needs to understand its irrelevance . 
  second largest economy in europe and second most powerful military ( if we count russia ) , but sure we 're totally irrelevant and need to go back and sit in the corner and write you all an apology . 
  not to mention the current american president is pretty easy to manipulate and i guarantee you that him being half scottish and pro-brexit is gon na make him pro-uk in pretty much all matters . 
   is it normal to have an `` english '' enclave in spain ? 
  no , specially since they are using it as a tax haven . 
  it is quite normal , it 's just a language , not like they 're sawing off a piece of iberia and taking it to the north sea . 
  yep , just noticed that the uk was removed from the sidebar map ( funny , they forgot about norway , iceland , switzerland , russia , serbia , bosnia , turkey , albania , etc. . . 
  but hey fuck us in particular right ), 
  but we 're still on the continent , and ireland is still in the eu and they 're english speaking ( very few speak gaelic as a first language ) * and * scotland voted to remain , albeit i do n't blame you for not considering what the glaswegians speak as english . 
  oxford , cambridge and i think eth zurich are the only european universities ( i.e not american ) in the top ten rankings , at least according to the shangai ranking , times and qs ( albeit times and qs are british . 
  but i doubt nationalism plays too much of a role here ), 
  do n't know about spanish , but in portuguese we say '' * o * reino unido '' with the article . 
  also is it just me or is the sidebar entirely in german and french now ? 
  is this / r/eu or / r/europe ?
