  * meanwhile in switzerland , norway , serbia , bosnia , ukraine , russia and the uk *, 
  i see swiss , russian and norwegian users here now and then so i guess we join their club, 
  most people are okay , but there are a few loons who will go apeshit calling you a '' backward nationalist tory '' ( nvm i actually align with snp on everything except independence and nukes ) , `` nostalgic pensioner '' , etc. 
  awh , why not ? 
  he said he ca n't understand it , so i 'm assuming he 's talking about a scottish accent, 
  the bigger issue would be nato vs nato, 
  you bloody english , we shall have our revenge one day !, 
  it 's a wonderfully useful word that i 've picked up over the years , too much american media has its effects also i 'm an american-british dual citizen so there 's that, 
  fucking tell me about it . 
  i 'm a scottish unionist ( i 'm pro eu too so please do n't crucify me y' all ) , can i join too ? 
  he 's a luxembourger , probably speaks sanskrit and swahili too, 
  oh christ we 're arguing over tv shows now, 
  * insert `` uk owns australian colony huehue '' joke here *, 
  god bless the bbc . 
  i love the planet earth , frozen planet , etc series, 
  you do n't ? 
  you are if sea levels keep rising, 
  oh wow , why was n't it approved ? 
  77 % is well past a supermajority . 
   guest in this sub til we are n't from europe i guess we , the swiss , norwegians , icelanders , serbians , russians , bosnians , ukrainians and byelorussians are actually from oceania then ? 
  it 's a continent not a nationality . 
  are you going to dig a moat between you , switzerland , russia , norway , serbia , bosnia and turkey now ? 
  well yeah you bred pigs to resemble the flag, 
  and you 're making me repeat myself . 
  this is more like `` would you like to take a huge risk and jump off a cliff in 2014 or in 2017 ? '', 
  an independent scotland wo n't be in the eu regardless of when a vote is held . 
  the snp itself referred to it as a `` once in a generation '' vote . . a generation is 20-25 years , so less than 10 years between 2 monumental referendums is already stretching it . 
  scotland would have to reapply and rejoin the eu regardless of whether it left then or after brexit happens , might as well wait and see how it turns out before making another economic cliff jump ( scotland 's economy is far more reliant on the uk than the eu ) . 
  the uk parliament , the same parliament that has scottish mps ( in fact scotland has the most mps in parliament , relative to population size , and scottish mps can vote on english matters but english mps ca n't vote on scottish matters , which lead to scottish mps fucking over english students by voting for tuition cost increases . ), 
  and a scottish referendum can be held in the future , the last one was a whooping 3 years ago , 2021 is n't really that far away ( less than 10 years since 2014 ) . 
  notice that i said 400 years ago , when it was the 1600s , not the 21st century here in the uk we had a civilised referendum over whether scotland should leave , we signed the good friday agreement , etc. 
  russia is the one with an autocrat who poisons his opponents and invaded ukraine, 
  front nationale , afd , etc. 
  are n't what i 'd call `` left wing '' . 
  awh man that 's lame, 
  except the people in northern ireland have all the right in the world to live there . 
  just because their ancestors invaded it 400 years ago does n't mean they are n't allowed to have their own free will anymore , every single american nation was founded in a similar manner after all, 
  oh no you do n't , invade your own oil rich neighbour sweden, 
  speak for yourself , the rowing teams are all in position and plotting the course to australia . 
  sunny beaches and warm waters here we come !, 
  you did n't ? 
  northern ireland exists because the protestant majority there arrived when james vi of scotland and i of england established the ulster plantations . 
  i 'll stop here because ill probably miss 1 detail and get shanked by someone from either side . 
  the northern irish can literally leave the uk whenever they want . 
  scotland was allowed to vote on leaving ( and pretty much dissolving the united kingdom ) only 3 years ago . 
  if there 's a demand to leave the uk they entertain it and allow it to take place . 
  we * do * vote for parliament ( westminster ) , in fact scotland has the most mps ( relative to population size ) than any other country in the uk . 
  the local parliaments are like a regional government , so yeah we vote for both , much like how you can vote for the governor , the mayor , and the president . 
  well not per capita , but the country as a whole certainly is . 
  it 's an oxford tradition to not build campuses on france or something ? 
  where are the great lakes of switzerland , serbia and the norwegian sea ? 
  eu supporters tend to be a lot more left wing than the eurosceptics . 
  plus you have extreme right parties like fan , afd , etc. 
  that are pretty anti eu, 
  the uk allied with the ussr because we needed any help we could get , the usa had n't joined in june 1941 . 
  churchill advocated for going to war with the ussr as soon as the war with germany ended but everyone ( understandably ) called him insane and he lost his position as pm by 1945 anyways . 
   the english we never get any of the blame for the empire 's atrocities but we never get any of the credit for the good deeds either  :(, 
  yeah i 'm confused here ... is he calling churchill selfish because he made the english ( hey fuck us right , not like we were part of it or anything grumble grumble ) fight against nazism ? 
  is fighting a war to protect the continent from the nazis considered selfish now ? 
  i think this is a translation error . 
  what 's so bad about norway 's deal ? 
  i only know about switzerlands , never looked at norway speaking of , what 's iceland 's deal ? 
  fuck if we know , theresa may was n't even elected . 
  can confirm that scotland has the best weather . 
  i currently live in brazil and the sun burns my green eyes and milky skin , it 's torture . 
   also they tend to be far right wingers you are n't too familiar with the far left are you . 
  they 're pretty enthusiastic about being armed too . 
  where do you hide while you wait for the police to arrive ? 
  video not available :(, 
  you think this sub has a right wing narrative ? 
  it 's massively pro eu i 'm not a right winger myself , but i 'm not pretending to be the underdog either . 
  the only anti eu people i see on this sub are * some * swiss , * some * brits ( tbh i think it 's mostly 2 vocal guys , a northern irishman and some other guy ) , some norwegians and there 's one dutch guy that pops up now and then . 
  england got the peps post empire psychosis symptoms include delusions of grandeur , overly attached to possessions , anger issues and rampant nationalism examples of the disorder can be seen throughout history such as portugal trying to keep its african colonies , spain going nuts after america took all their remaining stuff , germany and austria going full nazi after the german and austro-hungarian empires were dissolved , france clinging onto algeria and vietnam , turkey currently undergoing the same issue with erdogan and such and ofc post soviet russia wanting to become soviet again !, 
  seems like the hong kong handover broke the camel 's back for them and 20 years later the disease has popped up , sad day for all . 
  edit : mostly a joke , not entirely historically accurate, 
  iirc denmark and poland do n't use the euro either, 
  there must be a german word for it, 
  tusk pretty much has the `` burst a vein '' look in the pictures, 
  do we get mountains , chocolate and guns too or is that just for norway and die schweiz ? 
  please do n't, 
  depends if we 're forced to accept the euro or not, 
  ca n't wait to tell my grandkids  300 year old union gets fucked by a toad faced twat and bus posters, 
  that face, 
   leaving something important that common market though, 
  right , we should do bombings instead right ? 
  that 's the civilised approach / s, 
  right , everyone should abandon their country whenever a democratic decision we do n't agree with is made . 
  hence why usa literally loses half of its population every 4 years . 
  yeah fuck the 48 % and the under 18 who could n't vote, 
  i mean , the uk as a country mighty literally cease to be if scotland bails so it is quite severe . 
   industry we did it lads , we outwitted the system industry ca n't leave if there is no industry !, 
  the oxford rowing team is building the oars as we speak, 
  right , fuck all these eu supporters for being british then amirite ? 
  yeah you 're right . 
   it 's not comparable to a cult it is if we 're punishing people for sharing a country with those who want to leave it in order to terrify any opposition to it . 
  in case you forgot 48 % of us voted to remain , but hey fuck us for being british eh ? 
  you do n't take someone 's dog in a divorce for the sake of hurting the other person , that 's a cunt move , you should take it if it 's your dog and you 're the one who can take better care of it for the sake of the dogs well being . 
  in this case the eu seems keen on fucking over that dog ( 48 % of britain ) because it 's pissed off at the owner . 
  * why * are you offended ? 
  the uk did n't bomb brussels , we are n't sending eu nationals to concentration camps , we are n't buddying up with russia and saying `` ey let 's partion europe '' .
