  bulgarian culture and dutch culture are pretty damn different . 
  living in brazil myself , i agree with / u/magnusmiguel in that brazilians and portuguese have plenty in common , albeit brazil itself has 200 million people from all sorts of backgrounds ( brazil has the worlds largest arab and japanese diaspora for instance ) so it varies by region . 
   here are europeans helping you  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_lisbon if you 're going to use a siege from nearly a millennia ago to try and forge some sense of kinsmanship , then the usa saving western europe from soviet occupation should make you twins with america . 
   all the money is going to the war machine , country has been financially looted . 
  their food companies dont have money for safety . 
  that 's ... not how this works at all . 
  the government is n't seizing companies finances to fund the military , in fact i 'm pretty sure taxes in the us are lower than in most of europe . 
   op , you know that england and wales are n't part of the eu , right ? 
  still are , they/we ( the uk as a whole ) leave in 2019 but yeah , this video is about british regulations, 
  did anyone here watch the video ? 
  lmao shitting on england despite the fact that the video is literally comparing american and welsh & english eggs , not eu wide eggs . 
  watch the video , it 's the uk 's eggs that are the safest ones . 
   i have lived in the us for the past 4 years . 
  believe me , the meat is poor quality . 
  i come from a family that raises cattle and trades beef for 3 generations , in argentina , brazil , paraguay , scotland and the usa . 
  meat quality in the usa is definitely not poor at all , the flavor might be different and whether its good or bad is up to personal preference , but the safety standards are 100 % fine . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  he 's not praising eu regulations , it 's british regulations ... 
  the title is pretty misleading . 
  i 'm afraid this video was actually talking about british egg regulations , which are even stricter than eu ones . 
  because their food and water is n't corrupted ? 
  american eggs are perfectly safe , salmonella infection rates in the usa are within the eu norm as well . 
  not sure we ( uk ) should be mocking american measurement systems given that we invented theirs and our own system is slightly fucky . 
   no moon landing  did n't invent transistor  had to receive billions in aid from the usa post ww2 to stop itself from going communist weak . 
   literally the most pathetic strawman ever devised . 
  sounds like someone is salty that their nation is n't the first one to literally land a human on another celestial body for the first time in the history of humanity . 
  tbf america 's stats are also skewered due to a few people having more than 50 guns sometimes . 
   every single occupied country had resistance within their country and free troops abroads . 
  and some had collaborative governments and collaborative troops abroad ... 
  the americans fought * french * soldiers when they landed in africa . 
  also  the d-day would have happened from elsewhere , probably from north africa or something . 
  you are n't familiar with the whole '' '' `` soft '' '' '' underbelly of europe thing , right ? 
  attacking europe from the south proved to be a lot harder thane expected , turns out its very easy terrain to defend . 
  north africa also lacked the infrastructure and distance to make such a massive landing possible from there ( they actually had to build gas pipes that would cross the channel in order to supply the armies in france with enough gasoline , this is just one example ) . 
   it 's greasy and gross they 're gross ? 
  thats your complaint ? 
  and you come from the place where eating snails and frog legs is a thing . 
  nixon 's madman doctrine at work ? 
  whats wrong with meat pie ? 
  also like he said , it is n't the 1950s anymore . 
  curry is probably more common than fish and chips these days . 
   germany  winning at globalisation china and the usa would like a word . 
  then you would have been occupied by the soviets and made into one of their satellites ... 
  ask poland , hungary , etc. 
  how fun that was . 
  the usa and uk saved western europe from that mess . 
  sorry , india is first in line . 
  you 'll have to wait at the back of the queue , behind those other 50 or so countries, 
  huh . 
  why so many eurosceptics in the netherlands ? 
  tfw fdr and lbj 's great society were never expanded upon feels bad man, 
  `` the ussr hated the usa therefore it must have been a utopia of racial equality and feminism ! '', 
  ah that 's a shame . 
  especially when capitalist ireland has been doing so well ( higher hdi than the uk , higher gdp per capita !, 
  ) , you 'd think they 'd realise that capitalism is n't all that bad . 
  uk t h i c c, 
  is n't all of scandinavia pretty damn safe ? 
  sinn fein are full on socialists ? 
  i thought they were just moderately left wing kinda like the snp . 
  they 'll blame the usa . 
  claim that the only reason socialist states fail is because the usa constantly sabotages them . 
  nevermind that the world 's largest socialist state , a nuclear superpower with elite counter intelligence and espionage , still fell on its own . 
  oh boy here we go, 
  you 're taking this a bit too seriously . 
   we blow up nukes on our own territory . 
  period . 
  not sure what you mean by this . 
  i was n't disputing it or anything . 
  we tried to eradicate the dangerous wildlife with nukes , but inadvertently made it even more dangerous !, 
  oh really , why is that ? 
  because everything questionable they 've done has also been done ( and continues being done ) by every other government in the world . 
  there 's nothing unique about the usa . 
  yeah funnily enough england got shafted too . 
  they do n't have their own devolved parliament , which means scottish mps can vote in westminster for stuff that affects england but not vice versa . 
  he 's a world war 2 veteran though . 
  it 's ethnic , not religious . 
  a joke about the conflict was `` is he a protestant catholic or a catholic catholic ? '', 
  the two faiths just happen to fall on ethnic lines as well . 
  oh look , treat your constituent countries better and they suddenly are okay with remaining in the union as a unionist scot , i really wish westminster was less fact in regards to scotland ( the uk as a whole actually ) and made britain a proper federation already . 
  it 's also weird how some people get to be germans despite not really being german like me . 
  my grandparents are germans , so i got myself german citizenship . 
  both my grandparents moved out of germany in 1945 and have only visited it as tourists since . 
  my dad is british and i was born in america , but i still get to carry a german passport around because my oma was born there 80 years ago . 
  sure , because as we all know france and the uk had nothing to do with the middle east and its current borders and politics . 
  protecting yourself from russian diddling does help the romanian people . 
  hover over his flair . 
  he clearly has a chip on his shoulder . 
   god i fucking hate americans charming flair . 
  did a gi fuck your wife ? 
  some racists hating people does n't dictate government policy though . 
  most americans probably despised germany in the 1940s but that did n't stop the us government from sending in billions of aid to germany post war . 
  yeah i 'm sure france , russia or us bullying everyone instead would be a lot better, 
  these lists are pretty ridiculous in general . 
  the british list had an irish nationalist in it . 
  i somehow doubt said irish nationalist would approve of being in a list of `` britons '' . 
  the life of brian is actually real footage of the crucifixion as it really happened . 
  why is oz so low ? 
  i expected them to be on par with the us . 
  brazil does n't really have beef with anyone . 
  the usa of argentina are the only countries i can think of that people would `` hate '' , and it 's mostly banter much like france-uk or sweden-denmark .
