  hey now , the spanish and portuguese did the same !, 
  they even asked the pope to divide the world for them !, 
   ones from america are actually irish ? 
  they 're no more irish than ones in britain . 
  scotland especially has a ton of irish descendants . 
  they 're all the same sassenachs ( saxons ) to me, 
  tfw auld alliance < 3, 
  it was fast like ... 
  some sort of lighting fast warfare ... 
  they 're different ? 
   scotland will figure it out too !, 
  no thanks . 
  if we 're referring to scotland and england 's relationship , it 's more like a couple of 2 serial abusers who travelled the world together to beat up brown kids . 
  she is actually , albeit quebec is probably more republican than the rest . 
  fun fact : during the napoleonic wars a lot of noble emigres and other royalists wound up in quebec , after the battle of trafalgar they raised their own nelson column to celebrate the battle , since a lot of them were actually anti bonapartist, 
  scotland joins canada to reunite with nova scotia , england joins usa to reunite with new england , wales joins australia to reunite with new wales , and n.ireland ... uh oh this might get messy, 
   rather not have a sizeable , fanatical religious group voting against my social freedoms just wait till you hear about northern ireland and their lack of abortion or gay marriage, 
  i know , hence why they 're crying because everyone assumes latin alphabet is the only roman used alphabet, 
  united kingdom of portugal , algarve and brazil when ? 
   may as well start calling england france http://www.stjoan-center.com/2012-frohlick/a3_history/in_map01.jpg, 
  and it shows britain as `` england ''  :(, 
  indeed , and iirc these members can veto anything they want to , which means that what ireland needs and wants does matter . 
  plus austria would be de facto the new germany . 
  i love how austria gets more land . 
  it 's good being scottish , never get any of the blame for the uk 's blunders . 
  the eu setting up external borders that actually work ? 
  hahaha we can barely contain the migrants coming in from turkey and libya . 
  ireland does n't need lunatics like you undoing the gfa and fucking up all the progress that 's been done . 
   france joining alba bad  [ france joining alba ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4a/failte_scottish.jpg/300px-failte_scottish.jpg ) noice, 
  fun fact : mengele 's ( the doctor at auschwitz who experimented on children ) skeleton is used for medical classes at the university of s\u00e3o paulo . 
  they were unified and the portuguese did not like it . 
  it 's like britain and ireland or yugoslavia . 
  nice on the map , bad in everything else, 
  i knew it , you sassenachs were actually ottomans all along !, 
  you 're right , nobody in the continent cares . 
  i forgot that ireland left europe and the eu and is now in residing in the american plate . 
   ireland is no longer a british colony , they do n't have to obey the uk !, 
   ireland has to obey the eu !, 
   force ireland to end the common travel area yeah i 'm sure the people of northern ireland and ireland will * looove * that and applaud the eu for throwing gasoline into the embers . 
  well yeah no shit . 
  even theresa may was against brexit , they 're only doing it because the tories care more about being reelected than the good of the nation . 
  * byzantines cry in the corner *, 
   rrrreeee ~ ~ normies ~ ~ normans get out !, 
  they did n't expand into germanic areas because they were n't worth shit . 
  very little urbanisation ( if any at all ) , no existing infrastructure , primitive farming at best , and the elbe river was too shallow and narrow compared to the rhine so it would n't serve as an effective frontier . 
  the romans actually did continue fighting the germanic tribes and they won quite often , but annexing germania itself and having to spend copious amounts of money building stuff there just was n't worth it . 
  that was n't really the end of it . 
  germanicus ( guess how he got that name ) managed to recover the lost eagles and spank the offenders into humility . 
  germania ( and caledonia ) were n't conquered because they were cold , forested , shitholes at the time that were n't worth annexing . 
  it 's common in the uk and ireland, 
  same here . 
  i like the eu quite a lot , but i 'll always identify more with the uk than with the eu . 
  it 's an uncommon opinion with scots on reddit , but the way i identify with the 300 year old uk far more than the young eu that simply does n't have the same shared history with us that the uk has . 
  oh shit we 're almost as far away from 9/11 as the 60s were from ww2 that feels so bizarre . 
  the 60s and 40s feel a world apart and 2000 feels like yesterday, 
  i know , but the semi circle banners on his chest made me think of these https://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo-semi-circle-american-banner-hanging-off-railing-3090923.jpg, 
  that 's shite , hopefully they 're run better than those laundries are young irish people still religious ? 
  or is it a pensioner leftover ? 
  left over laws from the previous centuries . 
  germany had the whole `` no insulting foreign leaders '' controversy because of a dug up fossil law . 
  [ apparently the irish president at the time had also expressed condolences to germany on hitler 's death ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/news/hitler-s-death-hyde-also-expressed-condolences-1.1288650?mode=amp ), 
  network error ? 
  comment got posted 4 times, 
  network error ? 
  comment got posted 4 times, 
  i would n't call celtic ( or rangers ) fans civilised either, 
  we wish, 
  i assumed the semi circle banners were these things http://www.clipartkid.com/images/513/memorial-clifton-fmba-21-1qrotm-clipart.png plus it looks like an eagle above them . 
  but you 're right about the tricolour part . 
  italeave and withdrawsaw are pretty great too, 
  germany 's biggest export seems to be monarchs, 
  we need a new naming convention for exiting the eu , frexit sounds absolutely disgusting . 
  imagine how americans feel with their 2 year long election season, 
  haha the german stowaway has the american eagle and banners tattooed to his chest assimilation was taken seriously i see, 
  why spain in particular ? 
  i always thought the netherlands was considered the most lgbt friendly place in europe, 
  i am quite well educated in that period in history , it 's the one i read the most about . 
  yes napoleon did spread a lot of france 's revolutionary ideals and shook up the divine-right establishment , but he was n't defending any democracy , especially not a modern democracy . 
  he was as democratically elected as putin is . 
  michael collins is forgotten by his own ;(, 
    ** obviously his other deeds cancel out any good he did **, 
  the comment i replied to said he is n't seen as a good buy in britain because he opposed the monarchy , whereas i 'd argue that castrating the monarchs power and making parliament supreme is seen as a good thing in britain . 
  yes . 
  scots is a different language from scottish gaelic . 
  scots is a germanic language brought over by the anglo saxons and it replaced gaelic as scotland 's most common language during the middle ages ( or early renaissance ) , it 's spoken/was spoken in the lowlands which is where the vast majority of the population lives . 
  scottish gaelic continued to be spoken in the highlands but it became a minority language over time and these days virtually nobody speaks it as a first language and those who do are almost always very old ( it 's a sad state of affairs but inevitable really ) . 
  this article about france is an example of scots , https://sco.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fraunce iirc scots and english sort of slowly converged together due to the act of union so these days it 's pretty much english with a scottish accent . 
  oh ffs  obviously his other deeds cancel out any good he did, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_bucket i know you just said you are n't from bologna , but apparently the war of the bucket is indeed a thing :p, 
   obviously his other deeds cancel out any good he did, 
  thank you for pointing it out . 
  sometimes i feel like i need to put these things in caps lock and repeat them to people . 
  them leaving after it was captured by foreigners is n't really surprising . 
  the germans abandoned east prussia by the thousands before the red army even arrived ( my own grandparents being part of these refugees ) . 
  gibraltar has been in british control for longer than the usa has even been a country . 
  if it 's `` not truly british because they 're just evil miggies '' then every country in the americas is `` illegitimate '' because they were settled by foreigners . 
  europe would be a clusterfuck if we gave back land because `` settlers do n't belong there ! '', 
  france is literally named after foreign germanic invaders , as are england and scotland , bulgaria too , also turkey , every arab state , etc. 
  even so , i doubt a new referendum would see 46 % changing their opinions . 
  scotland stayed in the uk with a 55 % majority , gibraltar could easily maintain more than 50 % pro british sentiment .
