   i do n't know how you british do n't live in constant shame of the horrors your country has caused all over the world oh yeah only we should feel shame , 24/7 , for the sins of our fathers . 
  the rest of the european empires though ? 
  naaaah , the dutch were doing charity work in indonesia right ? 
  the russians were building infrastructure for the polish and educating the ukrainians in better farming techniques i bet . 
  the germans were merely relocating the namibians to more fertile lands and giving the jews free showers . 
  the spanish were liberating the natives from aztec oppression and teaching peruvians how to work silver !, 
  it 's only the british who did bad things , being the literal demons in human form that we are, 
  huh , the only british one is in bath . 
  i thought london or glasgow would be the one with it, 
  in bath too , i was expecting london or glasgow . 
  yeah virginia is definitely less , well uh , `` radical '' in their `` southerness '' but it is lee 's state after all . 
  oh yeah i 'm aware of that , the irs is incredibly annoying , but i think it 's worth it . 
  eh i 'm not sure russian elections are entirely legit, 
  are n't virginia and georgia moderately wealthy ? 
  oh shit really ? 
  the german government never contacted me about this and i have 3 citizenships ( american , british , german ) . 
  i visited the consulate ( got ta get that eu passport ) and was told that im a german citizen but they did n't mention anything about having to possibly renounce other citizenships . 
   liberated by the ussr i 'm sure poland , romania , hungary , estonia , latvia , lithuania , czech , slovakia , etc. 
  all loved living behind the iron curtain / s, 
  what germany wanted to do to the slavs was pretty much what the americans did to the natives . 
  typo , my bad meant to say `` pretty pro eu '' . 
  autocorrect is weird sometimes, 
  it 's double funny when you find out they want northern ireland to join the republic but they support brexit at the same time . 
  sad day for staunch brits ( and also pro eu ) like me its like i 'm living in the worse case scenario dimension, 
  how so ? 
  asking this as someone whose family is from orkney , we were rather isolated from all the mainland kerfuffles, 
  lol no it wo n't god damn it why could n't we just do what norway and switzerland do , instead we have this messy divorce where everyone gets emotional about `` you 're trying to ruin my union ! '', 
  if you browse r/worldnews or the_donald maybe , but it 's pretty pro eu here . 
  man i ca n't believe i feel sympathy for the english lol . 
  as a unionist scot ( i 'm pro eu btw , i blame brexit if the uk breaks up ) this whole thing has made me depressed , i guess this is how russians and greeks feel when people constantly diss their countries . 
  ireland did n't cause the fall of the british empire , fighting the first and second world wars and going bankrupt as a result is what caused it to disintegrate . 
  edit : nvm someone already said that, 
  pretty sure finland was still in russian hands when this was written , so censorship and propaganda probably played a part, 
  how did spain fall so much ? 
  i know inflation sort of ruined the spanish empire but surely being the worlds greatest power for 2 centuries would help propel them forward, 
  the pinnacle of the germanic-nordic master race huh, 
  oh boy balkan fight here we come, 
  not british at all ? 
  i mean i like the eu and hope it becomes a federation in the future , but i still see myself as a british citizen first and foremost ( and i have german and american citizenship too ! ), 
  `` oh man , thank god the brave americans never did such a terrible thing like genocide huh '' said the thriving community of natives, 
   carnival parade  omg they 're trying to force their views on us !, 
  conservatives do n't need to align themselves with trump , afd , brexit etc. 
  plenty of conservative people oppose them ( these conservatives also tend to be ones who attended places like harvard , oxford , etc ) * /, 
  how is that hypocrisy though ? 
  he is n't president anymore , why would they continue to make fun of him ? 
  they did last years , but they 're not gon na keep doing it forever . 
  nixon is n't getting his floats and neither is reagan , bush 1 & 2 , etc, 
  tfw americans get so triggered by carnival floats their troops have to retreat back to a safe space we have found a new wunderwaffe, 
  well for one obama and bush are n't president anymore , if you looked at the parades from 2001-2016 you 'd find plenty critical of them and it 's not as if trump is some peace loving hippy . 
  so far his rhetoric has been `` me strong !, 
  me bomb them much ! '', 
  and getting into unecessary shit flings with iran, 
  oh god id love to see reactions to these, 
  she was actually 50 years old by trafalgar iirc . 
  it 's amazing how long they could last for given how fast wood rot and all, 
  funny , i never win trafalgar as britain . 
  i 'm really shit at naval battles in the game, 
  tbf the constitution is actually a very sturdy ship . 
  the nickname `` old ironsides '' comes from the fact that cannonballs literally bounced off her hull . 
  albeit both ships would sink if they fired a broadside these days , the recoil of the guns would cause the hull to break apart iirc, 
  tbf they 're the 2 oldest commissioned vessels and seen as the pinnacle of their classes, 
  is n't brazil funding the gripen too ? 
  meanwhile germany , switzerland and israel try to claim einstein ? 
  portugal vs spain is gon na be fun, 
  because the sea is blue i guess ? 
  how do you think we feel ? 
  we got the gherkin and falkirk wheel . 
  we have actual palaces that are still in use for crying out loud !, 
  and they pick the gherkin ? 
  how is jersey anyway ? 
  i 've never visited but i 'm curious as to how well off it is . 
  would you describe it as geninuenly doing well or badly at the moment ? 
  i think op was doing this thing called a joke . 
  this kills the fish, 
   uk above france * whew *, 
  i imagine foreigners get away with a lot of stuff that locals would n't be able to . 
   why do americans think freedom is having the right to openly hate and discriminate ? 
  except that hate speech is also punishable in the usa . 
  you ca n't match around saying `` death to niggers , race war now '' because it incites violence . 
  but you can state your beliefs in a peaceful manner ... 
  the tankies moved over to their own wehraboosinaction . 
  shitwehraboossay is the freeaboo and teaboo hq . 
  travel wherever you want , as long as you behave and be respectful to the locals nobody will treat you badly . 
  if anyone gives you shit simply for being american then they 're probably someone whose opinion you should n't even care about anyway . 
  that 's not how he would be received in america at all ... late night talk shows are pretty left leaning , and incredibly anal about pr . 
  inviting someone for doing a nazi salute would be ridiculous . 
  i 've definitely heard that conspiracy before , but accusing the usa rather than uk . 
  pst , i think op is joking . 
  robert baratheon is like italy personified from ubermensch warrior to womanizing , wine drinking , food addict !, 
   in hell , the cooks are british so that 's why gordon ramsay 's show is named hell 's kitchen !, 
   but thankfully were n't show in the movie ... did you watch the movie ? 
  also , qarth = carthage . 
  qarth and carth are even pronounced similarly , and iirc the phoenician name of carthage was qart-\u1e25ada\u0161t . 
  the north resembles scotland more imo . 
  you have the mountain clans ( highlanders ) who are rugged , primitive but hardy , you have the sea raiders constantly buggering us ( greyjoys , vikings . 
  obvious connection ) and ofc the land has its own famous wall , albeit we are north of it irl . 
  the uk as the greyjoys ? 
  i think scandinavia takes that title . 
  the stormlands are mentioned as being , well , stormy . 
  shitty weather is right up britain 's alley .
