  everyone knows australia is the superior nuclear testing ground . 
   the americans have yet to reach the level of bloodshed and sheer insanity that happens when germans and russians are at each others throat . 
  and thank fuck for that . 
  europe , asia and the americas would be naught but radioactive ash if russia and the usa went at each other in open conflict . 
  in the uk , the british-indian army is referred to as the `` forgotten army '' . 
  yeah , they do n't really get any attention which is a real shame . 
   i 'd take the guy who wo n't let go of his power and assassinates people with polonium poisoning over the harmless baboon who will be out of office after his term ends, 
  you think trump inspired them to start writing about this ? 
  the same trump who constantly demonizes the mainstream media and which they ( said mainstream media ) despise ? 
  more american troops were moved to europe to prevent russians from fiddling in another country because the crimean crisis alerted us that russia still is dabbling in their neighbours . 
  they ca n't go back in time and position themselves in ukraine before the invasion , especially when ukraine used to be aligned with russia until the revolution ( which happened far too quickly for the usa to build bases in crimea , assuming the new government would even allow it . 
  like i said , they do n't have a fucking crystal ball to predict the future ) . 
  you asked the guy about russian aggression and he pointed out that crimea got invaded . 
  he never claimed the usa prevented it . 
  yeah , the usa was supposed to predict the future using their magic darpa funded crystal ball . 
  that way they can predict every possible future invasion and position troops accordingly , right ? 
  no , no they do n't have a fucking crystal ball . 
  they did n't stop the invasion of crimea because there were n't any american troops there to begin with . 
  pre revolution ukraine would n't host american troops in crimea , it was already hosting a russian naval base . 
  oh son of a bitch, 
  i would n't worry too much . 
  this sub has a cycle of hating specific nationalities . 
  people were openly calling the greeks `` lazy , ungrateful , tax evading shits '' back in the euro crisis . 
  a few years will pass and everyone will be hating someone else because for some other reason . 
  donald trump is from a german immigrant family , just sayin ' ^ ^ this ^ ^ is ^ ^ not ^ ^ to ^ ^ be ^ ^ taken ^ ^ seriously, 
  so you decided to act just like them ? 
  the usa actively funded and supported european federalists . 
  trump is n't the norm , he 's a wild card who was elected for reasons unrelated to the eu . 
  yes , let 's have american troops openly attack and fire upon russian soldiers . 
  let 's fucking escalate things into an armed conflict between 2 nuclear powers , you 're a fucking genius . 
  yes , but every living ex president ( including one who was director of the cia ) was against trump . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/1356047/euro-federalists-financed-by-us-spy-chiefs.html cia literally lobbied for a european parliament . 
  200,000 people died and the city was levelled . 
  * the * warmongers, 
  usa 's 2 term limit probably saved us from some disasters as well , albeit also from some great men . 
  i would n't mind eisenhower lasting as long as merkel or thatcher did , or george bush * senior * . 
  la is actually a pretty great choice . 
  iirc the university of la acted as the olympic village and by all accounts it was perfectly suitable . 
  the infrastructure is also pretty good , but then again i 've been in south america so long that i forgot what smooth roads look like so my views may be skewered . 
  yeah no shit , i was being sarcastic . 
  oh christ what part about americans , canadians , mexicans , ukrainians , etc. 
  having visa free access to the eu do n't you get ? 
  mexico or the usa do n't have free movement with the eu but that does n't mean their tourists are barged at the border and refused entry . 
  it 's very easy for them to vacation in europe for 2 weeks . 
  i can understand why , who wants to ditch their language ? 
  erasing a people 's language is one of the first things done in a genocide . 
  irish still has n't recovered from british rule , thousands of native american languages are lost forever because of european colonial rule and american expansion , etc. 
  losing a language is a tragedy . 
  considering that the french bit of canada almost left canada ( the referendum literally came down to decimals ) , i would n't really use them as a good example of multiculturalism working flawlessly . 
  we actually pay for those pensioners healthcare apparently , so spain is n't completely fucked over by us . 
  exactly , this is about tourism , eu freedom of movement is about living and working in a country . 
  if canadians , who are n't in the eu or even in the european continent , can visit spain without visas then it 's likely british people will be able to as well . 
  via free travel and freedom of movement are n't the same . 
  just because say , americans , do n't need a visa to visit the eu does n't mean they can settle down and live in the eu without going through the proper paperwork . 
  you 're confusing freedom of movement with tourism . 
  living in a country and visiting it for 2 weeks are n't the same . 
  tourism in the eu is impossible if you are n't in the eu , hence the total lack of american , chinese and russian tourists . 
  those ` refugees ' already moved past multiple safe countries by the time they even get to hungary , and hungary is n't even their destination . 
  theyre welfare leeches . 
   elections ca n't be hacked if there are n't elections, 
  this sub mostly posts english articles , so it uses english speaking media which will focus on the anglosphere . 
  german sources probably bring up germany 's own weapons exports too . 
  http://www.politico.eu/article/germany-is-the-worlds-third-biggest-weapons-exporter/ http://www.dw.com/en/german-arms-sales-drop-to-second-highest-levels-on-record/a-37243336 https://www.wsj.com/articles/german-weapons-exports-reach-highest-level-ever-in-2015-1467817067  germany 's top five weapons customers in 2016 were , in order : algeria , the us , saudi arabia , egypt , and the uk - three of which have very poor human rights abuse records . 
  more like 5 out of 5 which have poor human rights abuse records amirite and from politico  the middle east and north africa were top regions for germany 's exports , with the world 's no . 
  1 weapons importer , saudi arabia , germany 's biggest client , followed in the region by algeria , egypt , and qatar . 
   if you can buy a m16 somehow , gun laws need indeed be stricter . 
  someone somehow got his hands on a military grade rifle , with the intention of selling it . 
  the black market is n't going to stop existing due to stricter gun laws , hell it will just expand . 
   yorkshire is a national and cultural entity separate to england they do have their own regional identity but it 's more like texans who are proud of being american and texan than catalans or scots who want independence . 
  nobody in yorkshire would object to being called english . 
   drop them off in a rock in the middle of the atlantic we reserve that treatment for emperors not jihadi joes . 
  do n't forget irish . 
  wellington himself was born in ireland and up to 40 % of the british army was made up of irish recruits . 
  `` they ruined my battlefield ! '', 
  wellington 's comments on the lions mound . 
   eu flair  angry at germans and anti political correctness i 'm surprised tbh . 
  all my euro-federalist friends irl are super left wing and see germany as a role model for all of europe to follow . 
  you joke , but this stuff actually does make people go to the far right . 
  the left wing is only harming themselves . 
   it is n't like the scots were colonizers or anything ehehe about that . 
  we * tried * to colonise panama but uh . . well , as it turns out we were particularly susceptible to malaria and yellow fever . 
  canada worked out though . 
  nova scotia is just as rainy and cold as velha scotia so adapting was n't too hard . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the police shot one ( white ) brazilian man by accident once like 20 years ago , therefore all policemen are racist murderers and they are always in the wrong !, 
  quite the opposite . 
  scotland seems to be much more left wing than the rest of the uk , at least the young population is . 
  the snp is a `` progressive '' party and they support stuff like unisex bathrooms , support palestine , support refugees , ( not that these things are necessarily bad , i 'm just pointing out their beliefs . 
  i actually agree with them on plenty of things , just find some of them to be deal breakers ) etc. 
  this comes as no surprise to me . 
  scotland much like the rest of western europe ( bar ireland ) has our own colonial crimes . 
  canada , america , india and australia had plenty of scots going there and the natives of these countries received plenty of `` civilisation '' . 
  but 96 % of scotland is white so no shit we do n't have any black or asian historical figures , practically no black or asian people even lived here until recently . 
  because some self flagellating , bourgeoise af , smug , western college student wanted to do an art project so his fellow smug hippies could praise it and make themselves feel superior to us lowly `` inbred and old '' rednecks . 
  the cia actually created the eu just so it could destroy the eu and therefore get more funding from the american government !, 
  you think the cia cares about google getting fined ? 
  or that they test car emissions ? 
  what is hbo 's obsession with these useless storylines that only involve a shitty sex scene ? 
  they even gave a eunuch a sex scene for fucks sake . 
  nobody cares about that eunuch !,
