  yes . 
  what the fuck ireland i thought french pronunciation was annoying , but this is a whole new level of `` why even add those letters ? '', 
  in the american dub of the game yes, 
  not to mention that he 's a ww2 veteran ( military service is the norm for the royal family tbh . 
  both william and harry served in afghanistan iirc ), 
  yes , and you said he `` pulled stats out of his ass '' . 
  he provided a link . 
   implying the queen can die, 
  currently live in brazil . 
  can confirm , the nhs ( all of western european health systems really ) is a fucking godsend . 
  oh my bad . 
  in thinking of the `` we deserve more privileges than the rest '' followed by a `` okay we got all these opt outs and benefits but we 're still leaving because sovereignty '' sentiment . 
  i 'm talking about the future , european countries wo n't stay on top forever . 
  brazil and india can grow immensely , russia has all the resources and land needed to grow again ( just needs the population to start growing again , and get their shit together with corruption ) , australia is a continent with a lot of free land ( if the americans managed to build something like phoenix in the middle of the desert , why do n't the aussies try ? ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-38077948 okay it appears northern ireland get more per head . 
  yeah it 's kinda funny how nobody in america calls themselves english-americans , especially when they have an entire region named `` new england '' . 
  yeah but that can change . 
  if australia invests heavily in desalination , your agriculture and population could boom . 
  israel manages to prosper in a desert , australia could too in the future ( albeit the inner parts will remain desert given the distances involved in transporting water there ), 
  did you forget that russia was the world 's other superpower only 27 years ago ? 
  they have the resources for it , they just need the population size and cleaning out corruption ( a hard task , but even the french republic of 1792 was ultra corrupt only to become europe 's leading power in the same decade ), 
  chile is pretty great , awesome for skiing . 
  iirc they have a higher hdi than portugal , croatia and romania and their population is totally catholic , so they 'd assimilate quite easily in europe . 
  french guiana 's borders are pretty well fortified last time i checked . 
  hey hey do n't forget the price of whisky and grand theft auto sales . 
  eh tbh scotland is within the uk what the uk was within the eu . 
  always asking for more privileges , getting overrepresented in parliament , being allowed to vote on english affairs ( opposite not being true ) , receiving more money from the government than anyone else , and then telling the rest of the union to fuck off . 
  still , i understand the independence sentiment as , despite being overrepresented , our mps are still overshadowed by the english ones due to sheer population size ( 85 % of the uk 's population being english ) . 
  there comes a point where it would be totally unfair for the english if we were given more representation , but if do n't get more representation then our opinions get drowned out . 
  i still support remaining in the uk but i really really hope westminster wakes the fuck up and attempts at reforming the uk 's entire structure ( a voting system similar to the netherlands or maybe an electoral college like the usa has . ), 
  if we 're the wildlings north of the wall , does that mean orcadians and shetlanders are the white walkers ? 
   we literally made the uk well , it was a scottish king who started the process and idea of it , but it was n't entirely scotland 's work either . 
  england wanted us to unite in order to get rid of an old french ally up north , and the scottish wanted that sweet sweet trade with the english colonies plus a pal to cover our debts . 
  i do n't think she has the power to `` destroy '' the economy . 
  certainly influence it , but wreck it ? 
  tbf european countries are pathetically tiny compared to the likes of the usa , china , russia , india , brazil , australia , etc. 
  these continent sized nations will step all over us in the future without the eu to back us up . 
  damn , i enjoyed the period where we got sympathy points . 
  and sweden . 
  i think we can all agree that waste monster is an appropriate name for westminster . 
   would not be an issue having a hard border between scotland & england are you mad ? 
  it would be catastrophic , not to mention it 'd make life miserable for those living near the border . 
  well of course , got ta get those hollywood bucks and american sympathy . 
  many of them consider northern ireland their home and would refuse to abandon it , but i imagine a number would do so yes . 
  especially since northern irish citizens are irish and british citizens by default . 
  says you we already put the rockets in place , we 're charting the course as we speak . 
  england and scotland are moving in with new england and nova scotia in america & canada and wales is being sent to new south wales in australia . 
  northern ireland is debating on staying with ireland or joining new ireland off papua new guinea . 
  he 'd be hilarious if he were n't doing actual damage . 
  british-portuguese alliance , longest in history !, 
  one people ? 
  fuck that , i do n't have anything in common with the likes of saudi arabia where they lash people for blasphemy and do n't let women drive . 
  poland , finland , estonia , lithuania , latvia , etc. 
  would fucking riot at the mere mention of a `` russia-eu '' union . 
  ireland is n't anglo though , in fact they are quite proud of not being anglos . 
  what ? 
  the scottish army does n't exist because it 's part of the british army and has been for 310 years . 
  for 4 years . 
  because the uk is still in the eu . 
  we still have to contribute to the budget so we get the benefits of it as well . 
  in terms of manpower and raw numbers , china is bigger . 
  but the usa has better equipment ( and funding for research ) than anyone else in the planet . 
   says something stupid  person replies to stupid statement  `` lol trolled you , i was only pretending to say stupid things ! '', 
  tbf the english do n't like england either , always complaining about it . 
  nah those are just the average wildlings, 
  hmmm , yeah given sean bean and his character this seems appropriate . 
  but then ... who are the others ? 
  really ? 
  well if they 're more pragmatic than ideological voters then brexit is likely to make them switch sides though . 
   transferred out of scotland to the rest of the uk with the barnett formula it 's the other way around really . 
   ( if ever ) given how catholic birthrates compare to protestant , reunification is probably inevitable . 
  both sides are guilty of it . 
  i 'm not gon na defend the ira here , they 're a bunch of terrorist scum that should have been shot imo , but i 'm not gon na ignore the existence of loyalist terrorists either ( not to mention the british army 's own crimes like bloody sunday ) . 
  not to mention the economic disparity . 
  northern ireland used to be the richer half , but now it 's the opposite . 
  generation z being more conservative is probably thanks to the `` pendulum '' trope . 
  it swings left and swings back right . 
  the hippies of the 60s and lbjs `` great society '' were followed by reagan and neoliberalism in the 80s . 
  so is half the content here . 
  are we going to call french elections `` local news '' too ? 
  i think of russia and istanbul as european . 
  is scotland the north or are we the lands beyond the wall ? 
   southern ireland ireland is the official name of the country . 
  republic of ireland is also the `` pc '' way of referring to it if you 're discussing the 2 ireland 's . 
  typo , i just meant `` the snp '' . 
  well yeah , rough home life and a shitty father obviously ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding !, 
  fun fact : rio de janeiro is the only non european city to be the capital of a european country once . 
  portugal ? 
  oh you mean the lesser nation in the [ united kingdom of brazil , algarve & portugal ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_portugal,_brazil_and_the_algarves ), 
  and the uk is referred to as england * grumble grumble * we did all the heavy lifting * grumble grumble * british raj more like scottish raj * grumble grumble * english could n't manage a shop nevermind empire * mmmm *, 
  labels in american political cartoons have been a thing since the birth of american political cartoons https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9c/benjamin_franklin_-_join_or_die.jpg, 
  i thought americans liked the ira . 
  also , is n't that snp monarchist ? 
  or at least not republican . 
  i imagine that 's how most brits feel about europe and europeans feel about the uk . 
  the usa and the uk seem to have a lot more in common than the uk and anyone in europe , and most europeans probably see the uk is an american probe into europe anyway . 
  well on the `` russian tourist '' bit , we have nato for that . 
  russia would n't dare pulling off that shit in the baltics now . 
  plus australia is n't in europe so that disqualifies them already ( i 'm pretty sure being in europe is a requirement ?
