  i ca n't take it anymore !, 
  iirc we participated in the english side due to charles ii being our king too ( stuarts were scottish kings first after all ) and roping us into it too . 
  taking the ship rather than sinking it was the norm at the time . 
  those things were worth a lot of money , so just nabbing your enemies ship was cheaper than building your own . 
  given england 's population compared to the netherlands , i somehow doubt the netherlands would be doing the ruling in a democratic system ( assuming the union somehow survived into the modern era without england fighting for independence or william 's heir choosing the kingdom of england as his main seat so to speak ), 
  there 's a reason why we are separate nations to begin with . 
  if scotland and england can barely keep it together despite 310 years of a successful union , what hope does the eu have with 500 million people and 27 different nationalities ? 
  finnish people have a different outlook on the world than italians and so on . 
  trump is n't going to reign supreme for 100 years , he might not even last 4 not to mention he ca n't even instate a travel ban without the courts standing up to him . 
  well yes , but there 's no danger of bavaria deciding they are a separate people from the brandenburgers and then leaving germany . 
  the eu would be cramming in 27 different countries whose populations have different cultures ( and thus values and beliefs ) . 
  the people of sweden ( which is historically neutral ) might not want to participate in french missions in mali . 
  but you 're not forced to do it . 
  france did n't send theirs and . . well , they did n't send theirs and that 's it . 
  under a single eu army they would have to obey brussels or else there 's no point in having a eu army . 
  no european country has its own army * is * an argument against it . 
  some countries value control of their own armed forces and getting to use them as they see fit . 
  white hispanics ( guess where the name hispanic comes from ) are a thing also , europe will probably look like that too in the future , race doesnt equal culture . 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  why is anglo-saxon media so shitty ? 
  american media is ergh , british is ergher , australia is ergh ... new zealand , you 're our last hope, 
  we sent all our criminals to australia and it bit us in the arse in the form of murdoch, 
  actually the english decapitated their/our king a century before france but the replacement sucked so much that we agreed to never try that again, 
  probably more similar to the dutch or germans i.e better thanks france , you did this to them, 
  christ almighty, 
  tbf were n't the anglo saxons from northern germany and southern denmark ? 
  so they 'd be ( stereotypically ) tall , blonde and blue eyed too . 
  the eu wo n't be a bigger economy than the usa once the uk leaves . 
  oh god i know what you mean . 
  we learned about fucking evacuation and rationing god i fucking hate the home front topic, 
  he was n't really part of the top of the german brass . 
  manstein , hoth , etc. 
  were, 
  eh it probably would have due to the demoralising effect tokyo was devastated by bombing too , that was n't what made japan surrender . 
   as my grandma used to say , `` anything mechanical - give it a good bash '' brilliant, 
  clearly you have n't spent a lot of time with younger britons getting shitfaced and pissing in the streets ? 
  british tradition, 
  where is this from ? 
  i 'm guessing a venetian galley ? 
  ( i ca n't see your flair on mobile ), 
   rebuild the hms victory is still around !, 
   i speak as an european , not a french but the eu is n't a single country yet , so unless you hold citizenship for all 28 countries you really do n't speak for every european . 
  a swedish guy is n't likely to know or care what the national interests of slovakia are , and a swedish guy certainly does n't have any authority to protest over what slovakia chooses to do in their own territory . 
   france cares about its allies from de gaulle himself , `` countries have no friends , only interests '' . 
  if it benefitted france to fuck over an ally , france would do it , as would anyone . 
   to be sure that germany is reliable ash , `` to be sure '' ? 
  no blind trust ? 
  ( ofc not ) . 
  i 'd bet my left foot that france spies on germany too . 
  ofc they have more capabilities , they 're more powerful , that 's how the world works . 
  if france were the world 's leading superpower then france would definitely be doing the same , it 'd be lunacy * not * to use the advantages you have . 
  if you do n't want to be fucked by them then `` git gud '' and come up with measures to counter act them . 
  `` european interests '' , each european country has different interests . 
  eastern europe is probably a lot more preoccupied about russia than portugal is , the uk is much more friendly to the usa than to the eu , etc. 
  right , but they 're still not in your country , and france does n't run the eu . 
   economists say say gdp = more quality of life no they do n't ? 
  what economists have you been listening to ? 
  fun fact : vietnam does n't like china at all , in fact they 'd probably quite like to be part of an anti china club with the usa . 
   they spied on our governments you seriously think they would n't ? 
  that your government does n't do it either ? 
  they 're not in france ? 
  i think the remaining grey in ireland is due to the poster itself having a large grey background , it 's not actually trying to show the modern borders ( unless northern ireland lost half of itself and annexed donegal recently ), 
  that 's cause the church of england is just catholicism but with the queen instead of pope ^ ^ ^ / jk, 
  the nutty american protestants * originated * from britain . 
  we should have sent cromwell to massachusetts too while we could . 
  chile is actually pretty great these days , iirc they have a higher hdi score than portugal now . 
  london takes that honour ( see : the shard ), 
  well if we 're gon na discard the indo europeans ( was n't it indo iranians ? 
  who went to india ? ), 
  as not counting to india 's score , why should the greeks count to europe 's ? 
  true , but asia minor 's really ancient civilisations are stuff like the hittites which outdate even the greeks . 
  deleted comments . 
  what was the discussion about ? 
  what did he say ? 
  comments are deleted, 
  are we gon na edit the bible too ? 
  `` oh no it 's offensive because the author lived in a different time , we have to change it ! '', 
  it 's as ridiculous as the people who want to ban huckleberry finn over the word nigger . 
   run windows 10 still using an american product jeans from china and pakistan ? 
  so you 'd boycott america because of morality but you 'd fund sweatshops who use child labour and give them meagre wages ? 
   only a few people in europe use this maybe where you live ? 
  and not all of us pirate , some of us just accept that we ca n't spend money on everything and wait to have enough saved up . 
  and ? 
  that does n't somehow clean him of his deeds . 
  i read portuguese and german media too btw . 
  `` someone has more than me , ergo it 's okay for me to steal '' do you go around shoplifting stuff too ? 
  if you do n't have enough money to buy stuff , then do n't buy it . 
  it 's quite simple hmm ? 
  well yes , not all of us are penny pinchers . 
  plenty of people actually want to support the people who produce the content we enjoy . 
  poland should n't have to share the refugee burden when it was n't them who contributed to it and it was n't them who invited the refugees in . 
  the threat russia poses to europe though , affects all of us, 
  something tells me a bunch of military experts working with each other did n't come up with the 2 % figure out of the blue ... 
  they probably still sell your information, 
  do n't forget my intel cpu , my nike sneakers , my levi jeans and ofc got ta watch that hbo and netflix . 
  this guy really does n't help the eu 's reputation . 
  hmmm yeah i can see how that one could be abused . 
  still , i survived an encounter with a socialist mod who saw my very anti socialist post so they appear to show some self restraint . 
  what a charming lad and who tf befriended this guy ? 
  nobody was prosecuted over carpet bombing of cities , so yeah , it was n't considered a war crime,
