  given how expensive london is , 90 % of the uk are losers according to this, 
  i think london is good enough for open spaces and nature . 
  hyde park , holland park , the green belt , etc. 
  are fun to wander around in . 
  well , ca n't say we did n't do the same to them ( hell , we did even more damage ) . 
  which explains why hamburg , berlin , etc. 
  also have this mish mash of modern and old buildings ( east berlin is especially bad ), 
  braveheart could probably take half the credit for that . 
  everyone seems to think the uk was formed by edward longshanks conquering scotland thanks to that damn movie . 
  it did n't before brexit , but now ? 
   these things wo n't happen if you do you have n't met many orange order men . 
  sounds like the classic `` irish american supports the ira every st patrick 's day '' deal . 
  you forgot to add in gibraltar damn it, 
  spain is okay with a bilateral separation . 
  if the snp declared independence without westminster 's position then spain would have a problem . 
  yeah , it 's kinda weird/funny how everyone here seems against catalan independence but paint their faces blue for scotland . 
  yeah well american independence is a hamster !, 
  well you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  calling the tories fascist is an insult to people who lived under actual fascists, 
  how do you think british teenagers get a hold of their booze, 
  he 's australian ? 
  i thought he was american . 
  well , we did deport all our criminals to australia . 
  the angloworld media is griped by scum like rupert murdoch among others , it 's quite depressing really . 
  you say hilarious , i say terrifying, 
  oh no doubt ; canada , australia and new zealand all have hdis above 0.900 , low gnis , low crime rate , high life expectancy , educated populations , strong economies , etc. 
  all in all they 're resounding successes . 
  but the `` non white '' regions like india or nigeria got totally screwed over . 
  would n't call it a `` union '' unless you were a white settler in australia or rhodesia . 
  for everyone else it was a pretty shit affair . 
  just because america is the new world does n't mean nothing existed there before 1492 . 
  tenochtitlan was bigger than seville at the time iirc, 
  yes , but learning a language as a baby makes it much easier and for some people it 's the only way they become fluent in a language . 
  you jest , but irish is an actual language that has nothing to do with english . 
  scots is also a thing ... well , its a dialect really . 
  also scots is different from scots gaelic . 
   portuguese is a good entry into a lot of other latin based languages by the way . 
  if you speak solid portuguese you should be able to at least understand spanish and a bit of italian without too much hassle . 
  spend a couple of weeks there and you 'll probably be able to speak it decently enough to manage basic conversations . 
  i can read enough french to understand most les miserables and 99 % of asterix and obelix ( a bit of a jump in literary levels there i know ) . 
  i can also understand spanish spoken and written and most spanish speakers understand me . 
  funnily enough , italian is the one i have a harder time with ( french is probably easier due to english also sharing a lot with french ) . 
  i 'm currently learning german , i always wanted to learn it and since i have german citizenship it would feel wrong not to . 
  well yeah , but r/inglin is sporting the union jack and all so im sure they 'd enjoy a good circlejerk about how awesome alexander fleming , graham bell , adam smith and of course andy murray are, 
  my mum speaks german , spanish , portuguese , french and english but she only ever taught me portuguese and english . 
  i 'm still salty about it . 
  tfw british patriot subreddit only mentions england . 
  i want to brag about the spitfire too mmkay . 
  this is why the snp is a thing . 
  i do n't think i 've met anyone under 25 , from western europe , that ca n't communicate in english . 
  it 's taught in every school and american media seeps into every corner of the globe . 
  everyone in western europe speaks it . 
  they are eu citizens , so ? 
  i 'm a eu citizen through my german citizenship , but i do n't vote on french affairs . 
  it is ridiculous that brits overseas could n't vote , not that immigrants in the uk could n't . 
  i 'm arguing because i completely disagree with allowing non citizens to vote on another countries affairs . 
   these people came here and made scotland its home , they had a right to decide its future . 
  they 're still foreigners until they decide to naturalize themselves as british citizens . 
  if you are n't willing to tie yourself to a nation by becoming a citizen of it then you should n't be allowed to determine its future . 
   scotland also allowed its eu citizens to vote on its independence referendum yes , even more ridiculous . 
  i 'm sure spain would be against a bunch of non-spanish citizens being allowed to vote on catalan independence . 
  things of such magnitude should be for citizens only , you do n't see foreigners in america being allowed to vote on constitutional amendments or foreigners in france being allowed to vote on the presidential elections . 
  there 's freedom of movement between the eu and norway , but i doubt norway would like different nationalities voting on their politics . 
  it 's the norm in the entire world to only allow your citizens to vote on your countries affairs . 
  there 's very few exceptions like commonwealth citizens being allowed to vote in the uk , but given the countries shared history ( and head of state if you 're canadian , jamaican or an aussie or kiwi ) that makes more sense than say : a british guy voting in greece . 
  if they are eligible for naturalisation but did n't do it then i do n't see what 's wrong with them not voting . 
  maybe it 's because i live in brazil for ages and are n't allowed to vote on anything here , so i 'm pretty used to foreigners being excluded from local politics . 
  but to me it makes perfect sense for someone who is n't a citizen in a country to not be allowed to vote in that countries future . 
  like , homosexual empire ? 
  hence why he said , `` even a lot of people in ireland ca n't speak it '' ireland needs to revamp it 's irish education system if it wants the language to grow ( every irish person i 've met said it 's a horrible system and does n't really help them learn the language ) . 
  ask israel for help considering they managed to revive hebrew . 
  i 'm sure italy and greece are very satisfied with frontex 's help / s, 
  or maybe germany should n't invite the refugees to the eu and actually help enforce the eu 's external borders ( along with deporting illegal immigrants ) . 
  poland , hungary , croatia , austria , greece , etc. 
  are n't too happy about this migrant issue either , and they 're especially not happy with other countries telling them how racist and evil they are for wanting to control their borders and keep track of who comes in and out of their country . 
  serious question : what will they do if madrid just says `` no '' ? 
  this seems to have been proposed multiple times and met with the same answer ; will people get violent eventually or just accept the refusal ? 
  yay for triple nationality german , american and british here . 
  i thought i had 3 of the best countries but 2 of them have shat the bed recently . 
  here in brazil i 've seen it used for any non portuguese or spanish speaking foreigner . 
  both sides are guilty of the socks and sandals crime i see . 
  we 're the type of people who invented the deep fried mars bar that should explain a lot, 
  lmao puritanism in the uk ? 
  there are nude women on page 3 of the sun ( depressingly , the best selling newspaper in the country ) . 
  ingrained in the monarchy ? 
  did n't they decapitate charles i ? 
  well tbh i doubt 16 year olds know much about cyber security . 
  the ones you see who do are still the minority , most people at that age are your stereotypical teens who are more preoccupied with their social lives and school than politics . 
  yeah but the netherlands has catholicism as its biggest religion due to the ex protestants being non religious these days . 
  the netherlands is historically a protestant nation , in fact they invaded england and deposed the catholic king to install their own protestant candidate , william ( and the protestant supremacist orange order in the uk is still named in honour of him ), 
  nato is n't a goody two shoes west only club , it 's an anti russia military alliance . 
  there 's no reason to kick out turkey as long as they are n't allied with russia . 
  but they only campaign in scotland ( for obvious reasons ) , on a nation wide scale they ca n't do much . 
  i disagree . 
  elderly people have worked for decades and know a lot more about how taxes , housing , etc. 
  work than a 16 year old ever would . 
  funny how the old stereotypically catholic and conservative countries like spain and ireland have higher percentages than ultra secular ones like france . 
  i thought the ira were proud of their armalites, 
   the english do n't get taught this in their own curriculums the british school curriculum did n't cover ireland at all because the 1920s was focused on germany and the effects versailles had , and the 1970s-1990s is focused on the cold war . 
  this is my experience with gcse history and none of my friends were taught anything about ireland either ( other than `` normans invaded it '' and `` james vi settled protestants in ulster '' ),
