   it had been a german city for a thousand years , more like 800 no ? 
  meh , kaliningrad is mostly russian nowadays , it 's as german as new york is dutch . 
  my dad probably prefers i buy him a porsche and a house in portugal than grand kids actually , he does prefer that by a light year, 
  i suppose the name block buster is self explanatory, 
  well damn why could n't my mum teach me this shit as a baby ? 
  rommel is overrated , he 's a great general to be sure , but manstein , hoth , model , and guderian were the big german marshals, 
  the battle of kursk was doomed the moment a little bird told stalin about it , you underestimate how thick and prepared the defenses were , not to mention that the soviets began the battle with a massive bombardment , and had a huge reserve waiting to counterattack, 
  they were ok with the us declaring war on germany , hell japanese americans fought in the army despite their families being sent to concentration camps, 
  classic shitty allies , they always drag me into losing wars in my eu4 games  : /, 
  the usa was still ahead in the nuclear department , chances are berlin gets turned into a radioactive parking lot . 
  usa had insane production capabilities , even with all of europe occupied , the nazi industry would always be sabotaged by european resistance , and perfidious albion would do its thing and give the finger to hitler from any angle it could . 
  occupying russia would be a huge task and cost massive amounts of men and resources , so they would be spread thin as a thread too, 
  i mean , compared to hoth , manstein , guderian , and model , rommel * was * `` high ranking wehrmacht dude in north africa '' . 
  napoleon occupied moscow , russians were delighted for an excuse to burn it for heat in winter !, 
  `` whereas most states posses an army , prussia is an army with a state . '', 
  then prussia died , hooray !, 
  but with no baby , how can make more engineer and beer brewers ? 
  `` more food for all ! '', 
  russians always look on the least dark side, 
  as someone learning german , hooray for corrections !, 
  unite poland and uk , invite lithuania , bam !, 
  ultimate super maximum commonwealth of amazing proportions, 
  i 've been living in a rock for the past few months , are estonians the new swedish ? 
   danish tv series are n't as good as some people think ( especially the british ) was n't there a tv show about schelswig holstein and it had boys drinking semen and fucking a cow ? 
  polandball confused me so much that i thought your flag was poland and the guy above was monaco, 
  according to r/whiterights , the jews did this, 
  boer war and naval expansion ( irc the first dreadnought launched in 1904 ? 
  and more followed ), 
  the kkk does have prejudice against southern europeans too so i guess she still gets to compete in the oppression olympics, 
  for some reason romance language countries seem to use roman numerals more often , they do it in brazil as well and in argentina when i visited, 
  i do n't get the immigration one . 
  seeing a muslim woman in a forest is supposed to mean what ? 
   the kurds which ones ? 
  there are different kurdish factions and one of them is a terrorist organization that has been murdering hundreds of civilians in turkey for a while now . 
  pretty sure the disney being an anti semite thing is a myth based on anecdotes . 
  ford certainly was , but disney ? 
   hitler murdered european jews , but he spared european culture . 
  can you imagine the world where america wins and floods europe with jeans and coca-cola ? 
   spared european culture not the slavic one , eastern europe lost a lot of historical artifacts thanks to hitler . 
  the amber room is still missing, 
  well , losing the war and ordering the murder of 11 million people along with plans to murder another 60 million eastern europeans ( including you , russian ), 
  i never understood why so many * non german * nationalists are also neo nazis and anti semitic . 
  france especially has fought germany numerous times in the last 200 years , hell more so than britain . 
  why would a french nationalist be more pro-nazi than pro-allied ? 
  yes i know , but my grandparents were born before world war 2 . 
  well the dutch and french are known for cheese , and we brits for tea and roast beef . 
  food always ends up as a stereotype, 
  i bet the venetians did it , just like they did 1204 . 
  i mean , nigeria has boko haram causing bullshit in the rural areas . 
  well as an avid history fan and someone living in brazil , when i see bulgaria i think : yogurt , our president , and 99/100 men being blinded and told to fuck off back to sam, 
  funny , my mum is german and neither me or her have a good work ethic . 
  it 's even funnier because both her parents came from prussia ( danzig and sorau ), 
  why do you think berlin is a failed city ? 
  as someone living in sao paulo , i can assure you it could be a lot worse, 
  tbh i 'm sad this stereotype replaced the classic fat bavarian in a lederhosen yodeling and drinking beer . 
  i geniuenly worry for the pyramids , the sphinx , and all sorts of roman architecture and art in the middle east . 
  it clearly is not safe there, 
  absolutely glorious, 
  fun fact : greek-romans ( byzantines ) tried to make christian iconoclasm a thing but it failed miserably, 
  i 'm british and live in brazil . 
  but yeah , i did n't take the rain into account, 
  as someone living in brazil . 
  this deeply confuses me where are the women dancing in bikinis ? 
  similar story here , grandmother was from danzig , only returned in the 90 's when the ussr fell . 
  she was n't happy to see her old home address now being a brothel, 
  i always find it funny how people on r/worldnews go on and on about how `` germany is on the brink of revolt and will hang merkel ! '', 
  and then explain that merkel did more to destroy europe than hitler did . 
  how 's her approval rating there anyway ? 
  last i checked it it slightly above 50 % still, 
  brazilians are very self critical amongst themselves , but the moment a foreigner criticizes the country they all unite in a furious patriotic defense of the p\u00e1tria amada . 
  have n't watched the movie ( much to my dismay ) , mind explaining what the situation in it is ? 
  the uk is in total anarchy i assume ? 
  as a brazilian ( been living here so long that might as well be one ) i can safely tell you that with the current government , we 're not turning into a medium power any time soon . 
  we could barely manage public education , never mind resource extraction overseas, 
  this is simply ridiculous . 
  every child has probably already seen the statue of david , dick included , and others , not to mention paintings ( the madonna often being shown with breasts out ) . 
  being openly gay in russia does demand some bravery given you might be beaten bloody by the police, 
  in the 1700 's the thames used to freeze entirely and fairs would be held on it . 
  we actually came out of a `` little ice age '' a short while ago . 
  well , it * is * 35 degrees here in brazil . 
  hooray for different hemisphere, 
  i cry everytime, 
  why would he be buried in hungary rather than turkey ? 
  wait what the hell , this is a thing ? 
  i live in fucking s\u00e3o paulo and never had this, 
  i currently live in brazil , it 's summer during christmas and our decorations are still snowy and stuff . 
  it 's normal for us, 
  i sympathize with refugees , but i hate it when god damn non-syrian illegals abuse our welfare and have the nerve to * demand * to be taken to a country of their choosing . 
  you 're in a safe country `` refugee '' ( pakistani , algerian , etc. 
  all countries at peace ) why do you want to go to the countries with strong welfare i wonder, 
  i would n't consider a crucifix , used to strangle , torture , and kill victims as punishment to be peaceful ... 
  islamic schools in the uk ? 
  all religious schools should be banned ( well , the religion part ) . 
  stop brainwashing kids into being part of your club , let them choose their faith on their own, 
  but ... what will the jews do now ? 
  you put them out of a job !, 
  perfidious albion strikes once more !, 
  they do n't need it , but it helps a ton, 
  he did n't declare it official , he converted but did n't enforce it it was theodosius that made it law, 
  the byzantine empire not polytheists , but still romans and still badass ( cataphracts , greek fire/napalm , walls of theodosius , etc ),
