  you clearly ca n't read the article the article he linked never said putin killed a dog, 
  nobody said putin personally invaded a home and killed a dog , the article clearly states they were intruders/agents . 
  do n't you know ? 
  riding horses shirtless fixes the russian economy comrade, 
  trump is the next president and he 's putin 's little bitch , russia won . 
  the one from china appears to be french given it says chine rather than china, 
  i know they are , but claiming that education is what causes them to exist is foolish . 
  people joke about everything , regardless of how bad it is, 
  people make jokes about the holocaust practically everywhere in the world . 
  education does n't prevent people from joking about things . 
  this was in austria, 
  blonde and blue eyed ? 
  oh yeah , now that brexit happened that spying bill parliament loves so much has been stopped !, 
  aliens plz, 
  i imagine the salt in the ocean would mess up the electronics and metal, 
  greece transported itself to the southern hemisphere anyway , hot christmas feels wrong . 
  spain and germany are the lowest ? 
  huh , i wonder why . 
  almost as if they knew what authoritarianism is like . . 
  that library is dope , visited it during the summer when driving around new england that school has an amazing gym complex too . 
  brazil and poland need to have a giant jesus showdown, 
   dasreichkommtwieder with a name like that . . 
  this shit should n't be tolerated . 
  i think gdansk would classify as an old polish city considering it was founded by poles and was polish for longer than it was german, 
  koenigsberg/kaliningrad castle , never forget, 
  that house actually looks quite nice imo, 
  hey now , nobody beats russia in urban hells, 
  i fear for the byzantine churches in turkey , having an increasingly islamic government is n't good for those pretty murals and idols, 
  did they ever rebuild the fountain in stettin/scezczin ( spelling ? 
  well damn . 
  for once the soviets were the ones who saved the historic buildings and did n't build brutalist horrors, 
  and you do n't even have a communist regime to blame, 
  and phillip is the god-emperor of vanuatu ofc, 
   implying scots speak english https://youtu.be/hpvhsx0fzwm, 
  did n't bologna steal a bucket from a rival city and keep that bucket to this day ? 
  or was it someone else who stole it from bologna ? 
  wow , that 's a sneaky deeky etymological tidbit . 
  it 's pretty easy to assume germania -  germany . 
  kinda nice to see that the anglos referred to the other germans as brothers . 
  very similar , it 's like spanish and portuguese imo . 
  but most lowland scots used to speak scots which is also a germanic language brought over by the saxons ( kingdom of northumbria ) . 
  silly english  germanic language  refers to germany by it 's roman name, 
  iirc the french-brazilian border is bigger than the french-spanish border due to andorra . 
  a shame our wildlife is mostly gone too, 
  i always saw his victory over the king as being a good thing . 
  obviously his other deeds cancel out any good he did , but establishing parliaments de facto supremacy over the crown sounds pretty nice on paper . 
  we covered the civil wars in my history classes pre gcse , but my school kinda differed since we also learned about the american civil and independence war in more detail than victorian britain . 
  serious question : everyone always refers to the protestant ascendency as englishmen , were n't the ulster scots part of the ascendency ? 
  or were they lower dower in the hierarchy ? 
  he 'd easily be one of our most admired figures if it were n't for the whole `` kill all catholics '' and `` no christmas and no fun '' business . 
  i mean it 's thanks to him that we decapitated our last absolute monarch and turned the royal family into decoration . 
  we were rather shitty to the irish for a while and they do n't like being associated with us anymore . 
  we 'd take that as a compliment . 
  and the irish would hate you for putting them in the `` british continent '', 
  but it 's not due to insidious anti european sentiment , we have these little cultural differences and quirks because it was always done that way and we ca n't be arsed to change it because there 's no need to change it . 
  defending british citizens is n't logical ? 
  spain would do the same if morocco invaded melilla and ceuta, 
  do people really speak the languages or is it just a compulsory class in school that does n't really work ? 
  'cause going entirely by school curriculum the uk should have plenty of french speakers too but that is n't the case . 
  sadly scots are n't really bilingual either . 
  gaelic speakers are a miniscule minority and iirc only 15 % actually speak scots ( which looks more like an english dialect than anything ), 
  well yeah , got ta understand glaswegians somehow amirite, 
  scots gaelic was pretty much crippled by this yeah , but it had been on the decline for a while already and the germanic scots was already the majority language for the lowlands . 
  both were responsible . 
  plenty of wealthy scots got more land from the clearances and the english did n't have jacobites to deal with anymore . 
  highland clearances helped government got tired of rebellious highland clans and pretty much deported them overseas . 
  glasgow and edinburgh were pretty huge centres of industry too though . 
  crippling a trading rival and establishing yourself as the biggest trading power in constantinople . 
  but the nazis did see themselves as acting in their own interests . 
  they wanted bolshevism gone and actively fought to make that a reality . 
  1 second in and we have balaclava clad pepe 's running in battle . 
  on a official bbc video . 
  lmao i hate living in the parody dimension, 
   frexit eeew overused naming convention adieu is way better . 
  yeah the brits were all exiled from the subreddit along with the norwegians , swiss , russians , icelanders , serbs , bosnians , turks , ukrainians , etc. 
  now we initiate the second phase of the plan , attach giant rockets to their countries and blast them out of the continent !, 
  oh come on man , i 'm a super unionist too but this is just silly . 
  the ere was n't really expecting the fourth crusade to turn out that way , plus it 's a great example of realpolitik and self interest trumping over collaboration and kindness . 
  fellow christians backstab christians and sack the world 's greatest christian city , yikes i still do n't see how japan 's motives for war change the fact it was based on self interest . 
  they believed their emperor to be divine and were seeking to expand his domain so even if it 's batshit crazy ideology , it 's still in their self interest to serve their divine regent . 
  protecting yourself from ottoman expansion is n't trivial . 
  the polish were fighting alongside a string ally while that ally stilly existed . 
  said ally took part in the partitions of poland later on ... 
  the uk really did not want to see germany steamrolling france again . 
  they were already considered too powerful since their inception and maintaing the balance of power in europe was the foundation of british policy in europe . 
  the japanese thought they could beat the usa in a war of attrition . 
  bleed them white until they lose the will to fight . 
  it obviously was n't going to work out since the usa was out for blood but given that their ( japan ) options were either run out of oil , shrivel up and lose or fight and * maaaaybe * win then their decision is somewhat understandable . 
  not like the usa was going to sit back and watch for much longer anyway , they already were supplying the uk with arms and supplies and embargoed japan over their conquests in east asia , war was quickly becoming inevitable . 
  plenty to do with national interest for the ere , and it was personal selfish reasons for the crusaders who wanted to save their souls . 
  poland was protecting christendom which it was a part of , plus weakening an empire that could target them in the future the usa was a big supporter of feeding and rebuilding germany to prevent any spread of communism amongst the angry masses , the uk wanted a germany that could fight against the ussr again the uk wanted an excuse to finally fight and destroy their biggest naval and economic rival in europe , plus maintain the balance of power . 
  japan attacked pearl harbour in hopes that it would cripple the american pacific fleet and the american will to fight , plus capture the philippines ( important supply route ) and the american oil embargo on japan meant that war between the 2 was inevitable so they might as well attack first . 
  crusades were the result of the eastern roman empire asking for assistance in recapturing anatolia , the pope was a bit too good at selling the salvation kool aid and the soldiers marched to jerusalem in hopes of saving their own souls . 
  point out to me one instance where people chose to cooperate for the good of others and not themselves . 
  hey now that was uncalled for , i never called you western russia . 
  awh , we love you too northern estonia . 
  really ? 
  i always thought it was burned during the bombings , kinda like how some building in dresden have black bricks that survived the raids . 
  it 's where hobbits live , they keep it nice and tidy, 
   they have chosen their own national interest aka what everyone has always done .
