  the city of kant is totally ruined, 
  if you 're gon na act like a twit then at least use the umlaut and spell k\u00f6nigsberg correctly . 
  yeah sure and new york is dutch , anatolia is greek , london is roman and france is gaelic . 
  probably , the greeks still use constantinople iirc . 
  there 's also less political translations like wien -  vienna , m\u00fcnchen -  munich , roma -  rome , warszawa -  warsaw, 
  yeah , i wish every city was rebuilt like this . 
  imo the only city where modern buildings look good is nyc and chicago , i mean they 're the birthplace of skyscrapers and all , but even then the few pre skyscraper preserved bits of nyc look so charming and nice, 
  fucking plato should have gotten something useful like a civil engineering degree !, 
   dollars pounds i think ... 
  yeah and even in those sandy landscapes it snows . 
  nights in the desert have always been portrayed as cold anyway . 
  yeah and i 've seen snow in the arizona desert too just last year . 
  again , snow and deserts are n't mutually exclusive . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/grand_canyon_nps/15980169869 not my picture but that 's the season i visited . 
  as you can see , quite a lot of snow . 
  wow , stahlhelm and everything, 
  oh and let 's refer to new york as new amsterdam while we 're at it , and k\u00f6ln as colonia claudia aggripensium, 
  antarctica is a desert , snow and deserts are n't mutually exclusive . 
  brandenburg was pretty much prussia 's heartland and it still exists . 
  obviously prussia is named after prussia , but berlin was always the biggest city and the royal family were the electors of brandenburg . 
  western prussia was the province west of easy prussia . 
  it included danzig , poznan , etc. 
  is this a pinochet joke or is the chilean military genuinely prussian in style ? 
  did n't the von hohenzollerns come from swabia ? 
  my god it all makes sense now, 
  i think the humourless and ordnung stereotype is prussian, 
  but why though, 
  even the greeks and romans built with grids , there 's a roman city ruin in north africa that shows a basic grid layout, 
  the `` greed '' was the british government raising funds because the american colonies cost so much to defend . 
  the colonists did n't even mind the taxes , they cared about the taxes being imposed without representation in parliament . 
  either way the british empire still became incredibly rich long after the usa left india was never supposed to be part of the uk , you 're projecting french interests on to the british . 
  the only colonies that were supposed to be settled by white britons were canada , australia , nz , etc. 
  india was always a cash cow for the empire, 
  the usa was the most valuable colony ? 
  you clearly do n't know much about the british empire at all . 
  india was always referred to as the `` crown jewel '' , the fact that the british empire reached its peak after losing the thirteen colonies just further proves that . 
   french kicked you out of the continent yeah in the middle ages , again the british empire reached its zenith centuries after that . 
  the fact that we became a superpower despite not having any mainland holdings ( other than gibraltar ofc ) helps my argument more than yours . 
  besides , i do n't see how the loss of the american revolutionary war and the hundred years war matters when we 're discussing the napoleonic wars , the 2 you mentioned happened before napoleon and they ultimately did n't really change the fact that the british empire became the leading superpower of the 19th century . 
   maybe the uk is rich add , idk , but the average crooked teeth jack is n't `` i do n't know '' . 
  2.7 trillion , which puts us ahead of russia , brazil and italy by a whole 1 trillion , gdp per capita of 43,000 # . 
  0.907 hdi ( at the top 10 ten ) and 5th or 6th largest economy in the world ; france and the uk switch places quite often , contrary to popular belief that brexit somehow caused it . 
  i did n't even support brexit but you people make it sound like some cataclysm which plunged us into the dark ages . 
  the `` average crooked teeth jack '' ( an english stereotype btw . 
  i 'm scottish myself , just letting you know so you can find a more effective insult next time ) is way better off than the vast majority of the world , you have to truly be the most spoiled brat if you think the average briton lives are anywhere near third world conditions . 
  i live in brazil myself and the levels of poverty i see here make europe look like the paradise everyone in the third world thinks it is . 
  if you truly think that brexit will cause favelas to sprout up in the uk you 're beyond deluded . 
  british dental health is actually better than most of the world 's thanks to the nhs . 
  the crooked teeth nonsense comes from the fact that the nhs subsidises braces and dental care if they 're for actual health purposes rather than aesthetic ones . 
   what do you worth today by yourself ? 
  not that much , on a global scale given that brexit shook markets as far away as japan and china , it 's pretty evident that the uk is still an important player in world trade and economy . 
  anyhow , the comment that triggered you into this frenzy made it quite clear that we do n't see ourselves as the superpower anymore . 
   no solid evidence something tells me that obama , who has the cia , fbi , nsa , etc. 
  had plenty of reasons why he should expel these agents . 
  just because america does it too does n't mean they tolerate it being done to them . 
  the usa bombed baghdad that does n't mean the president should invite everyone over to bomb washington dc . 
  you said r/conspiracy sounds reasonable , and they 're the big believers in pizzagate being a trump supporter is n't exclusive to americans . 
  can you read ? 
  where did i say you were american ? 
  we are , which is why nobody here except you was saying anything about putin killing dogs . 
  nobody says obama personally targeted a yemeni wedding when they talk about a drone strike hitting one , nobody said anything about putin personally ordering dogs killed despite a couple of agents doing so, 
  a satanic pedophile cult being run from a pizza restaurant makes more sense to you than russians having agents operating in foreign countries ? 
  yeah sure , why not . 
  timezones do n't mean anything . 
  you have to be geninuenly blind if you ca n't see that the british empire was the biggest in history and had the greatest reach . 
  the royal navy dwarfed everyone else up the inter war years ( when japan and america started catching up ) and had bases everywhere from australia to canada to india and to new zealand . 
  france has more timezones because french guiana , polynesia etc. 
  are considered parts of actual mainland france whereas british territories are n't . 
   it 's not like they won any crazy victories i guess defeating the combined french and spanish fleets without losing a single ship is n't considered a great victory . 
  also did you forget about the peninsular war in spain ? 
  napoleon himself might not have been defeated in spain , but the british army did whip the french out of spain ( yes ofc the guerrillas helped , but salamanca and talavera were n't fought by guerrillas ) , the british also won numerous times at gibraltar , the conquest of canada , blenheim and the battle of waterloo of course ( inb4 dutch soldiers and prussian help . 
  yes the dutch contributed immensely in manpower , but the leader of the allied force was a british man , hannibal commanded a diverse force of gauls and spaniards at cannae but everyone calls it a carthiagian victory because it was hannibal 's strategy that lead to victory , just like it was wellington 's choice of battlefield that allowed the allies to hold out against the french . 
  not to mention it was the british soldiers who defeated the middle guard . 
  prussians helped a lot , no doubt about that , but the allied force had done the vast majority of the fighting including repelling the first assault and destroying the french cavalry ) . 
  britain never outpowered our rivals on land , but did it matter ? 
  britain won seven years war and france lost , britain won the napoleonic wars and france lost , britain won ww1 and germany lost , britain won ww2 and germany lost . 
  you can have the world 's mightiest land army but it wo n't matter , the british can just keep throwing cash at your enemies from the safety of our island and enjoy the show as you 2 brutalise each other . 
  at the end of the day we 're the victors ( and rich ) and the enemy wasted god knows how many men , ships and money trying to invade perfidious albion . 
  fair ? 
  maybe not . 
  should we care ? 
  well no not really , war is n't a game of chess with set rules . 
  in terms of wealth the british empire certainly dwarfed spain and the netherlands , even if we did n't at least we did n't suffer runway inflation like spain did . 
  the industrial revolution makes anything before it seem like child 's play , the only pre industrial revolution nation who could even come close to industrial era levels of production were the chinese . 
   btw that comes from pax romana , italy roman italy and modern italy share as much in common as modern iran and the sassanid empire . 
  the actual roman empire was often in conflict with the italians in fact , as seen by the rather disastrous crusade of 1204 , great schism in 1054 , massacre of latins in constantinople , etc. 
   tiny netherlands kicked their ass quite a few times back then in the 1600s sure , when britain was n't even a country yet and england had just finished fighting a couple of civil wars . 
  we 're talking about the 1800s british empire when we say `` world 's leading power '' , which it was up until ww1 . 
  byzantium was rome but poorer and smaller then it used to be , the comparison does n't really work given that the usa is massive and a lot richer than the uk . 
  the raid on medway happened in the 1600s yes , / u/woddlewang was talking about the 1800s when britain was in fact the world 's largest empire and leading superpower . 
  the tiny little cherusci humiliated the romans at teutoburg , but that does n't somehow cancel out pax romana . 
  your history books focusing on medway do n't somehow cancel out pax britannica, 
  spain in the 1500-1600s certainly was the world 's leading power . 
  virtually all of the americas , portuguese colonies in asia , habsburgs domains in germany and spain and portugal , galleons of silver arriving in seville annually , etc. 
  churchill was pretty well aware that the empire was done for too . 
  he never said the world revolved around us , he said we were the leading power of the world , and you acknowledged that and said that the same applied to other countries ... 
  you think the 1800s did n't belong to britain ? 
  france wasted a generation of men fighting the napoleonic wars and spent the next decades having a revolution every weekend , germany was only formed later on and their overseas empire was a token one , russia was quickly falling behind , the ottomans were falling even farther behind , the usa had 0 interest in global power projection , japan was only begining to modernise ... 
  how so ? 
  obama did what anyone would do if they found foreign agents fiddling with american politics .
