  there are only 11 episodes left , stop wasting time !, 
  i too am still salty that they removed strong belwas and fatman manderly . 
  yes you did . 
  everyone knows . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dna_paternity_testing#legal_issues you can get a paternity test in france if you have the other person 's consent or a court order only . 
  does n't sound too bad , but being prosecuted for conducting one in foreign labs seems pretty draconian . 
   most people are polyarmorous no , no most people are not . 
  maybe in you or your country , but not in ours . 
  if you want to sleep around then do so when you 're single , not when you lure someone into trusting you and then cuckolding them . 
  this isnt puritanism it 's just not approving of lying and scummy people . 
  of course people judge you on that . 
  you vow to be faithful to someone and then do the complete opposite ? 
  fuck yeah you 're a scumbag for doing it . 
  if you wan na cheat then do n't get married , we do n't have arranged marriages in the west anymore it 's all up to you . 
  well , there was that american politician who committed suicide on live tv after being discovered for accepting bribes . 
  i mean , english is already a germanic bastard with a lot of french influence . 
  i 'd rather live in capitalist france , uk , west germany , netherlands , sweden , norway , denmark , belgium , italy , south korea , singapore , australia , new zealand , japan , etc. 
  literally all the best countries in the world are capitalists who were aligned with nato , or at least neutral but still capitalist . 
  the world 's most developed country ( norway ) and among the least unequal is a capitalist one with a monarchy ffs . 
   tfw you 're a suburban , western , middle class bourgeoise as fuck teenager who will never get to experience the wonders of breadlines and gulag why even live ? 
  because we all know that france , russia and the uk would never and have never diddled with the middle east . 
  oh no , france is an innocent eu country that can do no wrong and germany needs that ns2 so russia is good now . 
  tolkien repeatedly said the lotr was n't based on anyone or anything in real life other than perhaps christian and saxon mythology ( he was very catholic and very english ) , he just wanted to create languages and a `` english creation myth '' since he felt england lacked its own mythology . 
  oh do n't exagerrate . 
  2008 was bad but not great depression bad , the extreme right wing lost in france and merkel is leading by double digits against all of her opponents in germany and the uk wo n't be invading poland for lebensraum any time soon . 
  oh yikes , i forgot obama 's father was in kenya during the mau mau uprising . 
  no wonder he returned that churchill bust . 
   the people of hungary do not like this hungarians like the eu , hungarians also like not taking in illegal immigrants . 
  if germany chooses to be complacent with other countries interfering in your elections then that 's your problem . 
  america has every right to retaliate when someone does it to them . 
  the cia does bad things , therefore they should lie down and take it when people do it to them ? 
  obviously not . 
  plus russia is still fiddling in ukraine , that conflict is n't over yet . 
  trump wanted to ease sanctions on russia , this is the total opposite of what he wanted . 
  on both those links the usa scores ahead of germany , france , uk , spain , italy . 
  how is this relevant to europe though . 
  american military recruitment policies are n't exactly a big concern in other countries . 
  it 's in the alps , between dutchland and australia . 
   the targeted bombing from cities was started by the british , german forces were doing it since world war 1 , using zeppelins . 
  not that bombing cities was a new concept . 
  using ships to bombard coastal areas was a thing since the first cannon was invented anyway . 
  [ and now it has the worlds most disappointing church ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2d/coventry_cathedral_-from_above-8.jpg ), 
  no , i 'm against brexit myself . 
  but claiming that britons are somehow especially lazy and intolerant because we immigrate to english speaking countries is ridiculous . 
  they help the economy ? 
  huh , i imagined the healthcare would be a drain or does the uk still cover their healthcare costs there ? 
   that 's a funny way to describe laziness . 
  yes , and its common everywhere . 
  plenty of brazilians put portugal at the top of their list of immigration destinations for obvious reasons . 
  many french people move to quebec for obvious reasons . 
  germans move to switzerland or austria . 
   the two countries are so similar to the extent that it requires virtually no effort or investment to live there immigrating to australia does require plenty of effort and investment . 
  we do n't have any sort of free movement between the uk and australia anymore . 
  i 've heard it used in argentina when describing the falklands war . 
  just wan na point out that / r/de has more subscribers and from my experience most germans use that one . 
  so let 's reward them for it ? 
  fuck no . 
  for germany , did you pick / r/de or / r/germany ? 
  have novelty accounts gone too far ? 
   the federal government has been struggling to function for several years now . 
  `` difficulty functioning '' by first world standards i take it ? 
  'cause i currently live in south america and let me tell you , governments here make the uk look strong and stable . 
   it 's the greatest battle of mediocrity the world has ever seen heh , pretty much while the netherlands and finland fight for first place , we and france are 2 bald men fighting over a comb . 
  all those newspapers are sounding the alarm on what ? 
  yes , trump has some obvious connections to russia and is being used as a useful idiot , but no not all these newspapers are american and not all of them actually care that much about american politics . 
  besides , acting hysterical and purposefully blowing things out of proportion is n't what `` they should be doing '' . 
  there 's plenty of bad things about trump to write about , his transgender military policy or how he eats his steak is n't really one of them . 
   actual journalism and actual newspapers haha like what , the independent ? 
  that clickbait rag which even the left wing parts of reddit are sick and tired of ? 
  definitely . 
  there 's a reason why the usa is hated by so many and there 's a reason why waffen ss prisoners were shot as soon as they were discovered . 
  fighting in civilian clothing endangers the people around you and is considered despicable by everyone who encounters it . 
  well unlike the american armed forces , the ira are n't a legitimate military , the irish state does n't recognise them as such and neither does anyone else . 
  yes . 
  do n't trust any newspaper that has an overly colourful front page . 
   tfw its used un ironically as a source on r/scotland reminds me of how r/politics used salon as a source for articles whilst simultaneously complaining about fox news being so biased ( which it is ) . 
  it 's like a europhiles version of the sun . 
  fun fact : after ww2 , the british army tried to sell volkswagen to ford , but a ford exec considered it to be `` worth less than a dime '' ( whose laughing now heh ) . 
  so the local army major in charge of the factory decided to have them make cars for the local troops , giving some demobilised soldiers a brand new beetle when they went back home . 
  it 's pretty funny that he used conservative as an insult too . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me does n't belong in * my * country ! '', 
   bren assault rifle hmmm, 
  sweden  denmark fact . 
  blue is the superior flag colour . 
   britain had more resources than germany the empire did yes , but britain itself no . 
  germany was ( and still is ) the biggest industrial power of europe by the early 1900s , and they had all the captured territories resources at their disposal at the time . 
  britain is a tiny island which was exhausting it 's coal supplies already and relied on imports of food and materials to survive , if the kriegsmarine was n't so incompetent then they could have starved out the uk . 
  yes the usa as only involved for 2 years in europe , and it was probably only 2 years because the usa was there . 
  who knows for how long it might have dragged on for without the western front being opened , and it 's not as if the uk could conduct a d-day landing on its own . 
   gmo-junk . 
  oh christ not this gmo fear mongering again . 
  i do n't blame you . 
  lots of lunacy can be found on the internet . 
  i think he was joking, 
  cleaner ships would help curb emissions too . 
  these massive oil tankers and cargo ships pollute more than thousands of cars combined . 
  the gladius is a pretty tiny looking sword though, 
   be a baby  born slightly underweight  left to die on the roadside alternatively  be roman  get lead poisoning, 
  fun fact : new zealand used to be called new munster so i guess being left out of maps is a family trait, 
   majority of nasa was german scientists sure , all 400,000 of them were germans .
