  we 're leaving a voluntary union , and nearly 50 % of us ( including me , before you accuse me of being a brexiter ) would have preferred staying in it so it 's not as if the nation is united in a desire to destroy the eu and murder all of the mainland . 
  would n't surprise if you did push a brexit voting old lady in front of a bus tbh, 
    yay let 's cheer for people to fail . 
  you sound like lunatics who want to hang apostates and take everything personally . 
  the usa is still the world 's leading super power though , china is still extremely far behind in terms of military power and they lose brain power to the usa ( universities like harvard , mit , stanford , etc. 
  continue attracting the best minds from all around the globe ) . 
  jesus christ you people are taking this too personally , what 's wrong with someone wanting their country to succeed ? 
  i 'm pro eu but the way you cunts act makes it sound more like a cult that sues you for leaving and murders your dog as opposed to a friendly , pan european alliance . 
  it 's people like you make the eu sound like a cult as opposed to a mutually beneficial trade bloc . 
  so basically you want to turn the eu into a cult that punishes anyone for leaving ? 
  i 'm pro eu , but punishing leavers in order to scare everyone into obedience is just ridiculous, 
  tbh shetland and orkney might drift off and try to rejoin the uk , they voted 60 % + against independence last time if i recall correctly . 
  edit : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-29255449, 
  same here , i 'm super pro eu and super pro uk . 
  recent events have not been fun at all, 
  finally some optimism people here seem to have a hard on for the uk crash and burning, 
  doing a unilateral referendum would piss off spain and risk any entry into the eu . 
  spain is fine as long as westminster allows it , not if holyrood gets rebellious . 
  but they did allow a referendum to leave the uk only 3 years ago . 
  the eu stated that regardless of when scotland leaves , it wouldnt be in the eu automatically , we 'd have to reapply for it . 
  the eu wants to see how scotland performs on its own first and then decide , instead of immediately attaching a potential economic disaster to itself . 
   is the pope gay still more high brown than the actual sun, 
  it is , but it 's parodying the infamous `` gotcha ! '', 
  front-page that the sun published during the war after the belgrano was torpedoed . 
  i hate that rag paper so much that , it 's not even fit for wiping your ass, 
  did a british person kill your dog or something ? 
  was it the queen ? 
  who the fuck wishes for the death of an old lady whose worst crime might have been forgetting to feed her corgis, 
  seriously ? 
  `` abandon your country or else you deserve poverty ! '' ? 
  the eu is grand and all but some of us like our own nation where we have been born and raised . 
  how come ? 
  i 'm not even english but i honestly do n't get this hatred for the english that has developed in this subreddit . 
  it 's not like every single englishman fucked your wife and killed your dog, 
  but the polls had a margin of error where a leave victory was still a possibility . 
  damnit we were so close, 
  thats what i did , god bless jus sanguinis still wish brexit had n't happened at all ofc . 
  this bastard ruins a 300 year old union and refuses to live with its consequences ? 
  he 's joking about the polish immigrants i guess ? 
  i know its great . 
  reap the benefits and the sympathy now if you excuse me , i have some americans to woo with our plight . 
  yep , clothes are usually of higher quality there and do n't shrink in the washing machine , also cheaper , shoes are also cheaper and better ( maybe not better since everyone buys shoes made in bangladesh , but they 're cheaper ) . 
  basically it 's cheaper and if not equal then better to the stuff in brazil . 
  buying smartphones in the usa is also a big thing since they 're ludicrously more expensive here in brazil ( like triple the price , maybe even more ) . 
  yeah the rotten meat stuff really was a monumental fuck up and people here are pissed . 
  the one thing we 're the best at and they managed to ruin our reputation in it , i do n't blame countries for suspending beef imports from brazil and most of us here hope the companies responsible are punished ( albeit it 's likely gon na be a slap on the wrist ) . 
  not at all , cheese , sausages and wine is n't really brazil 's `` big thing '' so to speak . 
  beef is brazil 's big thing , and iirc embraer is the 3rd or 4th largest aircraft manufacturer in the world ( switch places with bombardier now and then ) as for american products ... 
  it depends on your social class . 
  wealthy brazilians will return from the usa with 2 extra bags of new stuff ( no seriously , they buy a new bag while in the usa so they can take all the new stuff back ) . 
  electronics , clothes , shoes , etc. 
  will all be bought there if possible . 
  nah mostly chilean and argentine , also portuguese and spanish , but nobody would think californian stuff is bad purely because it 's non european . 
  it 's still very much perecieved as a british car in brazil and in the usa . 
  everyone who did a spanish course in barcelona , step forth, 
  you get common law and english , you get common law and english - everyone gets common law and english !, 
  californian wine has a pretty good reputation though, 
  you would n't like a computer made in the usa ? 
  the land of silicon valley ? 
  land rover , jaguar , aston martin and minicooper i guess ? 
  albeit mini belongs to the germans now and land rover-jaguar belong to an indian company ( there 's a joke to be made here but i ca n't quite catch it ), 
  hooray ! ... 
  we still manufacture stuff ? 
  yeah but they 'd be such a tease about it, 
  within 20 years ? 
  that 's optimistic . 
  the eu would have to be willing to accept us back * and * the possibility of giving up the pound could be a deal breaker tbh, 
  is this a terrorism joke or a brexit one, 
  hehehe we do n't get any blame, 
   european portuguese huehuehue bacalhau bacalhau sorry , been living in brazil for too long and i cant understand portuguese from europe anymore . 
  how are stockholm and vienna not `` west '' ? 
  they both fell on the west side of the iron curtain and their standards of living are above and beyond anything in eastern europe, 
   is that a fact of geography or geopolitics ? 
  contemporary borders of china are very large , so it should not be surprising that a lot of people lived there even in historical or prehistoric times . 
  their borders are very large aye , which only supports the fact that they were excellent at managing such a large empire and expanding it . 
  the fertile soil and rivers helped for sure , but that applies for nearly all early civilisations . 
  well yeah , europe was extremely far away from the mongol heartland whereas china was literally on their doorstep , not to mention that they still obliterated the hungarians despite dealing with internal crisis over succession and such . 
  china never colonized anyone that 's the thing , they never needed to . 
  everyone came to them , the europeans started colonization after accidentally discovering the americas while trying to get to china . .  got rekt quickly by mongols . 
  aye , the russians also got obliterated by the mongols , as did the polish and the germans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_legnica the hungarians also got obliterated by the mongols . 
  the romans also got an ass whipping from the huns ( similar to the mongols , horse riding nomads from asia ) . 
  being `` rekt '' by the mongols is the standard for medieval civilizations . 
   romans used concentrate and bricks will chinese houses were from mud and wood . 
  * romans used concrete for government funded monuments and buildings . 
  your average roman farmer also lived in a mud and wood hut . 
  chinese government building projects were just as impressive as the romans https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tang_dynasty#alchemy.2c_gas_cylinders.2c_and_air_conditioning and https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_canal_ ( china ) . 
  plus the classics , although not buildings are integral to the modern world : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_great_inventions  if medieval european army was to meet chinese in field i m pretty positive they would totally dominate . 
  too bad your feelings and positive energy do n't match reality . 
  the chinese had vastly superior logistical capabilities to the petty feudal levies of western europe , the eastern romans would be the only ones who 'd have the professional soldiery to match them and even then their numbers would be minuscule ( the komnenian tagmata was barely 60,000 ) . 
  european armies were pathetically small after the fall of western rome and mostly non-professional , a far cry from the standing armies that would later emerge . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_history_of_china_before_1911  the arab kingdoms you mentioned only stole greek knowledge and used it as much as they could . 
  islamic golden age is a myth . 
  you would be suprised how advanced medieval europe actaully was . 
  i see a struck a nerve there . 
  yeah so what if the arabs '' '' `` stole '' '' ( how tf did they even `` steal '' it ? 
  knowledge is n't something you hoard for yourself and maintain ownership of after dying . 
  did pythagoras sue them for intellectual property theft ? 
  ) , they 're the ones who made us of it and expanded on it , western europe had the city of rome itself and the eastern empire available to them , any lack of advancements are on their part . 
  it 's an accepted fact that the east was always richer than the west until the renaissance , there 's a reason why the eastern roman empire survived and prospered while the west withered within a century of the partitioning . 
  egypt , the levant , persia , anatolia , greece and north africa had far more urbanised populations , infrastructure , etc.
