  in * history * ? 
  excuse me , do you seriously believe that ? 
  the british empire , soviet union , mongol empire , roman empire , imperial japan , etc. 
  none of these ring a bell ? 
  mitterand was n't exactly super enthusiastic about it either apparently  representative of french president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand reportedly told an aide to gorbachev , `` france by no means wants german reunification , although it realises that in the end it is inevitable . 
  '' [ 21 ] at the strasbourg summit , mitterrand and thatcher discussed the fluidity of germany 's historical borders . 
  [ 19 ] on 20 january 1990 , mitterrand told thatcher that a unified germany could `` make more ground than even hitler had '' . 
  [ 24 ] he predicted that `` bad '' germans would reemerge , [ 23 ] who might seek to regain former german territory lost after world war ii [ 22 ] and would likely dominate hungary , poland , and czechoslovakia , leaving `` only romania and bulgaria for the rest of us '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_reunification#britain_and_france i also doubt she `` crashed '' the party , if she had n't been invited she would n't have shown up . 
  german engineering * was * awesome ? 
  did you live in the time period to judge that ? 
  i use war machines because we ca n't really compare german household products from the 1930s to other countries household products from the 1930s . 
  war machines are preserved , studied and their actions documented , making it quite easy to compare ( not to mention that they usually pioneer new engineering methods . 
  the atomic bomb was a marvel of particle physics and engineering . ), 
  cozy, 
  why would it be ? 
  even russia sent people to attend . 
  yeah but the similarities between a swedish and a german person ( 2 germanic cultures ) are far greater than a syrian and a german ( syrians are n't even indo european , nevermind germanic ) . 
  decline since ww2 ? 
  the usa was pretty much unchallenged and supreme in the 1990s . 
  it 's fun to watch the sitcom , but it 's not fun to live in it, 
  do n't forget the cries of `` order !, 
  order !, 
  order ! '', 
  for 20 minutes straight because they ca n't stop cackling and laughing . 
  do n't forget a full breakfast , it 's a great way to start the day . 
  you do n't drink the beer silly , it 's the whisky that we export . 
  it 's designed to make them suffer for all they 've done to us . 
  / jk it 's probably due to it basically being a medieval building that was continuously upgraded as opposed to building a new one , i 'm guessing . 
  the germans destroyed a good chunk of the original complex during the blitz but it was rebuilt to be exactly the same as the original version rather than modernising it . 
  but that 's half the fun . 
  fun fact : the distance between the two sides in the house of commons is how far 2 swords could reach . 
  i miss the grand and detailed cathedrals and palaces of the past , now it 's all kinda meh glass cubes and bland monochromatic stuff . 
  the brazilian capital , brasilia , is the perfect example of this . 
  i visited it , found it interesting , but imo it felt bland and not very friendly to pedestrians at all . 
  hmmmm, 
  even their engineering was kinda sketchy . 
  sure on paper it was all impressive , but the panther tank would literally catch fire on start up , their testing department was severely lacking . 
  fun fact : there 's a massive concrete cylinder in berlin that was built by the nazis to measure how much it would sink due to said marshy soil . 
  nobody removed it because the damn thing is so damn heavy and stuck in the ground so now it 's just sort of sitting there . 
  i dunno , i think they 're stuff would be way too big and kinda naff as a result . 
  you got ta balance between grandeur and `` this is just ridiculous '' size . 
  iirc the main reason germania was ignored is due to it simply not being worth the cost of conquering it , and the elbe being considered an unsuitable frontier ( shallower and narrower compared to the rhine ) . 
  scotland was ignored for similar reasons , too poor and not much of worth for them . 
   all hail intergalactic god empress elizabeth ii, 
  sweden and denmark were part of the opposition too in a way . 
  denmark is now the only eu country that has an opt out for the euro and sweden is constantly conjuring up schemes to try and avoid it . 
  this sub is a default for anyone with a european ip , that includes swiss , russians , etc. 
  same in the usa . 
  you can get away with murder if you try hard enough , but nobody escapes the irs . 
  but then along came a dude named germanicus ( guess how he got that name ), 
  not to mention both countries were holding hands while merrily massacring natives left and right . 
  claiming scotland was a colony and thus a victim of the british empire is dishonest and outright insulting to the actual victims of the empire . 
  scotland is not comparable at all to decolonisation . 
  scotland is a part of the uk , like friesland is a part of the netherlands or sicily a part of italy . 
  not to mention that scots played a pretty big role in colonising and oppressing natives ( british army commander who put down the indian rebellion in 1857 was scottish . 
  british commander in the siege of fort william henry during the seven years war was scottish-irishman ) . 
  also , france talking shit about us decolonising ? 
  remind me again , who fought a war in vietnam and algeria in a desperate attempt to keep them ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/03/french-nuclear-tests-polynesia-declassified not deportation , but not exactly sunshine and love either, 
  yes our government holds onto territory it considers important enough to keep , as does france ( [ and their treatment of the islanders is n't exactly squeeky clean either ) ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/03/french-nuclear-tests-polynesia-declassified ) and russia , the usa , etc. 
  uk holds onto tiny island , bad bad !, 
  france holds onto islands and [ detonates nukes on them , exposing the natives to radiation , good good !, 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/jul/03/french-nuclear-tests-polynesia-declassified ), 
  yes and french polynesia ( which they used to test nukes ) is located between australia and south america . 
  religious ? 
  check armed ? 
  check hate commies ? 
  check poland is american south confirmed * oh how i wish i were in the land of cotton , where old times are not forgotten *, 
  in principle it actually makes sense ; protect yourself from the government if it becomes tyrannical . 
  you should never assume a free democracy will remain free and democratic forever . 
  also protect yourself from criminals if you live in a place that is isolated from the police ( not sure about czechs , but in the usa this is an issue for people living in the rural areas ) or just for hunting . 
  most people probably do n't even know what or who their mep is . 
   rents will go down wow you germans do make funny jokes . 
  ireland no longer our best friend wales now our celtic bro . 
  ah , well then yeah he definitely deserves the honour . 
  carter was a submariner too , iirc ? 
  i know bush senior was a pilot and got shot down in the middle of the ocean . 
  assuming the rafale can detect the f35b, 
  the french carrier is n't that old , it was commissioned in 2001 no ? 
  the uss nimitz was commissioned in 1975 . 
  with good maintenance these things can last for ages . 
  going from a class named after nimitz to ... gerald ford . 
  america needs new heroes quick , before you know it we 'll be launching the bush junior class . 
  iirc they were originally meant to be catobar , but budget cuts and you know the rest . 
   queen of england grumble grumble something something great britain is 1 kingdom grumble grumble, 
  i 'm pretty sure the usa is the only ones who have em catapults, 
  the de gaulle is pretty new by ship standards . 
  iirc the uss nimitz was commissioned in 1975 , the de gaulle in 2001 . 
  tbh the baltics are the innocent ones in terms of military spending , estonia actually meets the requirements and lithuania and latvia are pretty keen on meeting it too . 
  if anything , germany is the biggest freeloader for defense , the economy is the biggest in europe and they 've had budget surpluses for the last few years now . 
  estonia and poland meet their nato obligations too . 
  they 're probably * better * than us tbh . 
  they have their own nuclear missiles , we use american missiles ( albeit british warheads ) , they have their own and very capable 4th gen jet ( the dassault rafale ) , a nuclear carrier , modern nuclear submarines , more manpower ... our sas and intelligence probably is still the best in europe , i hope . 
  god that 's depressing . 
  we ca n't even patrol our own coast ? 
  the whole point of having a strong navy is to protect our island . 
  yes i 'm sure you , a random redditor , knows more about the usefulness of carriers than the us navy , british navy , french navy , russian navy and indian navy . 
  french navy probably misses the days when the suez canal belonged to them, 
  iirc we could n't afford 2 nuclear carriers , so it was either 1 nuclear carrier or 2 carriers and they chose the latter whereas france chose the former ( they were supposed to have 2 nuclear carriers but budget cuts lead to the second one being cancelled ) .
