  i guess access to clean water and safe food could go with healthcare since health and nutrition are intertwined . 
   the united kingdom ranks first yeeeah i have a feeling this study is a bit dubious . 
   they 've created the immigrant crisis sure . 
  france never had anything to do with libya . 
  the uk had nothing to do with iraq . 
  france and the uk totally did n't create modern middle eastern borders and piss off the entire arab world . 
  everything bad in the me is america 's fault and america 's alone . 
  just because the cause of the war was dubious does n't somehow make it not a war . 
  the hell would you call it , `` the iraqi emergency '' ? 
   it was n't a war , it was an invasion so . . it was a war ? 
  saying iraq wasnt a war because it was invaded on false information ? 
  that 's like saying ww2 was n't a war because germany invaded poland for no good reason . 
  iraq was a total military success . 
  the iraqi army got wiped out and the usa occupied every inch of land in the country , the problem is the insurgency that came afterwards and the americans not wanting to do what was necessary to crush it . 
  well , in that case vietnam was a military victory too . 
  the nva and viet cong were crushed every time they fought american troops , but like a vietnamese general said ; `` that is irrelevant '' . 
  that study ranks the uk 's as the world 's best healthcare system , not sure how reliable it is ... 
  the nhs could be the best if it was funded properly , but it is n't . 
  yes the usa lost vietnam and iraq , but not because it lacked the military capabilities to do so . 
  the usa had to pay lip service to human rights and fight with a hand tied behind its back , if they had gone full british empire mode ( that is : use of concentration camps to separate the insurgents from the population ) those wars would 've been over in a year . 
  also , what the fuck is this about the usa supporting the revolution !? 
  the shah was seen as an american puppet , which he was !, 
  he lived the rest of his life in america afterwards and the usa has always been against the iranian muslim regime . 
   how are you even going to move them to the front ? 
  logistics is the usa 's specialty . 
  the american military could probably build and supply a moon colony if required , getting tanks to the front would n't be an issue unless the navy and air force somehow were destroyed . 
  i do n't trust any centralised church to not be a paedo ring at this point . 
  white flight happens in europe too , we just do n't have a name for it . 
  other eu countries should send assistance to italy . 
  forcing them to patrol such a vast area alone is shameful , especially when who gets in and out effects all of europe . 
  didnt democrats control congress and the senate at the start of obama 's first term ? 
  you really think 100 % of brexit voters thought the same way and had the same intentions ? 
  the chinese government may be undemocratic and shitty , but chinese immigrants are very hard working , integrate well , and are excellent contributors to society . 
  true , i really am not sure if i 'm indifferent or pro eu . 
  i like the eu as a loose union , where we help each other out to stand up to the likes of china and the usa when necessary , but i also prefer each country being a separate and sovereign country . 
  im definitely not in favour of a federal eu , imo the cultural differences and values between each nation would make it a mess to govern democratically and agree on stuff like foreign policy . 
  france already has a very capable military , the 2 % thing is mainly aimed at germany which has a very strong economy but a pathetic military . 
  france already has their own icbms ( we , british , use american missiles ) , nuclear aircraft carrier , mbt , well trained and experienced troops , etc. 
  even if they do n't meet their 2 % requirement they 're still the second most powerful country in nato ( tied with or ahead of the uk ) . 
  the family is german , but calling them german would be like saying jfk is irish , or donald trump is german . 
   it 's the end of the uk being a major player yeah we already established that in 1956 . 
  other than verhofstadt and a few other sideshow idealists , i doubt anyone in power is actually * offended * by brexit . 
  they 're just trying to take advantage of it now to benefit their own countries , which is the normal thing to do . 
  okay but still a bit of a disappointment and wasted potential ? 
  not sure that 's a compliment . 
  smh . 
  manlets , when will they learn ? 
  everything below 185 is short , below 180 ? 
  might as well be a dwarf . 
   brazil , czech republic  authoritarian regimes who wrote this shit ? 
  czech republic is probably one of the freest countries in the world . 
  also , brazil is opposed to migrants ? 
  again , who wrote this shit !? 
  brazil has the world 's largest arab diaspora ( christian arabs ) for fucks sake , also the second largest italian , german diaspora and largest japanese diaspora . 
  it 's one of the most multikulti countries ever . 
  same here , but i can understand why it 's necessary in some countries that have dangerous neighbors . 
  hey i plan on moving back . 
  hopefully it 's not sunk into the sea by the time i do . 
  oh yeah , people here always use `` inglaterra '' and `` reino unido '' as if they are the same . 
  i live in south america too and my family is deeply tied to argentina so i 'm aware of how y' all think and talk :p even my scottish dad sometimes uses inglaterra rather than ru when he is speaking spanish or portuguese . 
  hmm yeah , but they 'd probably still get pissed because the opportunity to do so was stolen from them . 
  i can see it getting messy if conscription gets involved . 
  good , last time immigrants from that part of europe came over , england was created !, 
  sassenachs get out of my island !, 
  rrreeeeee !, 
  a war against england is a war against us as well , the uk is treated as a single country and only has one military . 
  trying to fight england without fighting scotland would be like declaring war on california and not expecting texas to participate . 
   i believe it 's only an american thing , though . 
  at least , i hope . 
  if the uk , sweden , germany are anything to go by - it 's in europe too . 
  yeh it 's not funny , it 's not anything worth getting worked up over either . 
  what does this have to do with people making jokes about controversial situations ? 
  you got offended over someone joking about invading iceland and turned it into a northern ireland issue . 
  sorry edge boy , but it being contemporary does n't make it a holy grail that can not be touched . 
  people joked about 9/11 days after it happened , people joke about russia 's current interference in ukraine , people joke about north koreans going hungry , people joke about syrian refugees , people will joke about anything . 
  you can bitch and whine about it all you want , people will always joke about this sort of stuff regardless . 
  it 's normandy and its offshore vassal state . 
  not sure if ukip would be the xenophobic dunmer or the anti immigrant stormcloaks . 
  good god , i never thought people would manage to get offended at a map being angled in a certain manner . 
  he made a joke about invading * iceland * ... 
   wo n't just fuck off to their own country yeah , let 's send all the protestants in northern ireland back to britain , even though their families have been living there for 400 years . 
  while we 're at it , let 's send everyone in canada back to britain and france too . 
  after all they also stole that land from the natives 400 years ago , therefore their descendants all need to be deported now . 
  grow a fucking pair . 
  everyone always jokes about germans occupying countries or russians `` vacationing '' and nobody gets offended . 
  why would n't you be worried about the people who built these countries disappearing ? 
  that 's what america calls white flight . 
  half of island is in the americas and the other half in europe , it 's also quite isolated compared to the rest of europe . 
  i do n't actually use the term british isles , but it 's pretty obvious why iceland would n't be considered a part of it . 
  the marshall islands and hawaiian islands are n't the same group because they 're far away from each other . 
  alright , let 's say yes wins in a referendum . 
  what do you do ? 
  madrid says it 's unconstitutional and that you 're not a country , the eu backs up it 's member and does n't recognize you either , that 's literally all your neighbors ( and likely biggest trading partners ) refusing to talk to and recognise you . 
  you wo n't be able to do anything , nobody will sign deals and nobody ( other than some irrelevant country ) will recognise any passport you use . 
  if the sovereign country does n't want it to happen then you 're pretty much screwed . 
  they wo n't if the referendum is n't even an official and approved one . 
  it 's pretty standard for people to boycott a referendum they do n't consider legitimate and to not care about its results ( low turnouts is generally accepted as a sign that a referendum is null ) . 
  non eu countries wo n't recognise you either , other than venezuela , zimbabwe , etc. 
   while we do our own politics and asser our sovereignity . 
  and how will you do that ?
