  `` awh nawh nawh , we too are victims of british imperialism ! '', 
  i 'd say `` get used to it '' but , i 'm scottish so i can just blame the english for everything and everyone believes us :p, 
  i 'm gon na use my portuguese knowledge to try and translate this one `` people in the country with a foreigner parent '' . . ca n't make this one out ... `` they can speak french '' ? 
  yeah that 's all i can really understand . 
  edit : this might be submitted multiple times due to network errors and me clicking resubmit . 
  celtic scots and germanic saxons is n't really the same as germanic austrians and germanic germans . 
  austria would have been a part/leading state of germany if it was n't for prussia . 
  austria was a part of the german confederation and they backed the gro\u00dfdeutsche solution , prussia backed the kleindeutschland option , prussia won . 
  like i said , 19th century politics . 
  je voudrais un kilo de jambon hell yeah i speak fluent french !, 
  we still are in the eu , only leave in 2019, 
  generically i guess austria is just as celtic , but so is england , culturally ( what matters ) austria is obviously in the german group . 
  no , germany would n't be a part of austria because that would be like calling germany `` prussia '' or brandenburg . 
  austria would be a part of a unified germany if it was n't for 19th century politics and the prussians overtaking austria as the leading german state . 
  yeah i agree with you surveys and mock referendums show that university students at glasgow , still andrews and edinburgh are more likely to vote against independence , and the ultra snp crowd love to talk about how brexiteers are a bunch of half wits who never reached a levels . 
  i 'm against brexit and independence , the whole situation is depressing . 
  what ? 
  provide your source , this sounds absolutely ludicrous . 
  why the hell would the irish , welsh , cornish and highland scots speak/spoke celtic languages ? 
  you 're probably thinking of genetic studies that show most britons and irish are largely the same as the original neolithic settlers ( before the celts ) , but the celts certainly did reach the british isles . 
  alright then , ignore the other point about the habsburgs , hre , pre unified germany , etc. 
  if scotland was associated with the germanic anglo saxons as opposed to the celts then you 'd have a point . 
  scotland was n't the de facto leader of the anglo saxon world for centuries , was n't the most powerful english state ( and it never was an english country to begin with ) . 
  austria on the other hand was the most powerful german state for centuries , the habsburgs were emperors of the hre for centuries , are a germanic culture , etc. 
  yeah but these days every german can speak high german + local dialect , but local dialects are gon na lose ground to high german eventually ( just like occitan is losing speakers as french becomes dominant , castilian became dominant in spain and english in the uk and ireland ), 
  i 'm pretty sure austria and germany both speak high german , whereas dutch is considered a separate language . 
  also the habsburgs dominated the hre for centuries , and the hre was mostly made up of german states ( ofc you had czechs , italians , french , flemish , etc. 
  but the majority was german ) . 
  oh i know , i 'm a unionist myself and roll my eyes when some americans compare scotland to the thirteen colonies . 
  poll in dundee and it 's gon na be pro independence , poll in edinburgh and it 's gon na be anti independence that 's my guess . 
  i do n't think it 's * that * close that the polls would change every time like in brexit, 
  im pretty sure the orange order have voted tory for a while now, 
  depends . 
  the allies of the uk were against it for obvious reasons ( weakens the uk ) , but your average 20 year old on reddit was probably painting their face blue and shouting `` freeedom '', 
  at this rate we might as well be swiss, 
  tbf are n't they pretty much * germans ? 
  the only reason they are n't a part of germany is due to 19th century politics and religions ( catholic and multicultural habsburg empire vs protestant hohenzollerns ) * ethnic germans, 
  what are the sources for this ? 
  and the question asked ? 
  i know plenty of christians who believe that evolution was also caused by god , but they do n't believe man was made out of clay . 
  well yeah northern ireland was always considered inevitable , catholic birthrate being higher than protestants . 
  the uk already accepted that in 1998 , northern ireland can leave whenever the majority there wants . 
  except when it does , 2 failed referendums tends to be quite effective at putting it out . 
  german army equipment breaks down in hostile environment ? 
  where have we heard that before :p, 
  come to scotland , we have a salmond and a sturgeon, 
  but what does that have to do with supporting the nazis ? 
  the usa also practiced eugenics but 400,000 americans died fighting them, 
  a few aristocrats liked him , cool . 
  but the raf still firebombed every german city to smithereens ... 
  guess my school was different . 
  yours sounds far better at teaching history . 
  all of this in brazil ? 
  ( judging by your flair ) . 
  in my experience we mostly learned about portugal , the colonial era , napoleon because of the royal family coming over , nationalism , communism , world war 2 and the military dictatorship . 
  never touched england , crusades , rome , etc. 
  supported the nazis ? 
  til fighting nazis = support them, 
  i would n't call the protestant ascendency `` irish '' . 
  many did n't even visit the island, 
  you guys learned about the magna carta and english civil war ? 
  the namibian genocide often gets ignored which is sad . 
  true , but that 's cause france and the uk owned africa and russia is fucking huge . 
  we reached a compromise . 
  scotland will be moving in with canada and sharing rooms with nova scotia , that way we are n't in the eu but we remain slightly more left wing than england ( who moved in with new england ) . 
  well tbf , the country exists because a bunch of poms got deported there . 
  [ all men ... are * not * created equal !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/pzjtninzi2s?t=30s ), 
  yeah brazil is also bigger than the 48 contiguous american states also new zealand is actually pretty damn big , by european standards, 
   supporter the ira oh god you 're worse than the french , you 're * bostonians !, 
  i think that 's part of the joke, 
  did n't he die in battle ? 
  lord be praised . 
  a unionist who is socially progressive ( welcome to immigrants , in favour of same sex marriage , etc ) . 
  it 's a gift from god . 
  oh christ, 
  hating england is what makes him super english ofc . 
  the chilean army has more in common with prussia of old than the bundeswehr . 
  a depressing decline , germany should n't rely on others for defense . 
  do they actually use e voting ? 
  russia would have a field day with that, 
  well tbf the term lesbian comes from lesbos iirc, 
  beowulf was the original beerwolf then ? 
   cool brits and now they hate you, 
  i love how the chief muslim is just a blonde guy with a spray on tan, 
  i have a great uncle who was in australia , prepping to invade japan , war ended before that ( needless to say , truman is his favourite american president ) and he decided to stay there . 
   kill dragon  show bond with wales that 's some weird bonding, 
  what 's that , some german colony ? 
  it 's an internal matter so i think it gets a pass . 
  it would be illegal to discriminate against eu citizens since they have freedom of movement and all across the entire eu , but since there 's no clause about uk citizens rights within the uk then this happens i suppose . 
  you need to come to brazil, 
  why not ? 
  the mighty corgi is a mighty pixie war steed and has valiantly defended the queen for decades now !, 
  shut your mouth , laser kiwi and rainbow fart kiwi are excellent and you know it, 
  well if you get an offer from cambridge , oxford , imperial or a few others then you 'd obviously choose to go to england . 
  plus non scottish residents have to pay even if they 're from the uk so all the english , welsh and irish ( and scots living outside scotland ) get screwed . 
  not to mention that scottish mps voted to raise tuition fees for the english . 
  i mean i love to troll the english when it comes to things like rugby but tuition fees is just mean . 
   try to learn and practice german  germans speak english with you every time, 
  yeah , everyone knows the english are also drunken hooligans just like everyone else in this/these islands .
