   picture of a british building  guy says its nice british architecture i do n't see what 's so nationalistic about that . 
  are we going to throw fits whenever a german says `` the cologne cathedral is quite nice '' ? 
  why are they drawn like dr seuss characters ? 
  was that a stereotype of how they looked ? 
  cause taxis in some country are thieving bastards who diddle with the counter . 
  anglo-hungarian empire , coming soon ? 
  all the spanish badasses settled in south america, 
  fair enough , same for st helena, 
  fyi it 's just ireland these days . 
  the republic of ireland is only used to clarify which one you mean , but the official name is just ireland, 
   accuses people of being triggered  is the one getting into arguments over the term `` british isles '', 
  ireland is swimming distance away from britain , iceland is n't . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  you 're the nationalist here who gets angry over geographical terms, 
  and y' know distance ... nobody confuses the japanese archipelago with the philippines for a pretty good reason , they 're far away from each other . 
  iceland is rather far away from great britain and ireland though ... 
  i think he was joking, 
  but you also have madeira , st helena , the azores , canaries , etc. 
  who are isles in the atlantic ... 
  do you think people clarifying stuff is the same as people being `` triggered '' ? 
  got ta speak trump 's language, 
  i 'm curious too . 
  the uk had our own problems with terrorist groups ( cough pira cough ) so it 's not like we 'd have any sympathies for the eta . 
  who would n't want such a glorious rock, 
   automatically assuming he 's a brexit or trump supporter, 
  gibraltar voted 90 % + in favour of remaining in the uk , they are n't leaving any time soon . 
   why would the uk care about that place anyway ? 
  because they 're british citizens and it 's the gateway into the mediterranean . 
  more like the rest of the world watch and place bets on which senile , ex imperial superpower , kingdom wins . 
  the british military budget is twice that of spain 's , not to mention the hardware is vastly superior . 
  brand new carriers , excellent tanks , excellent intelligence agencies , well trained soldiers with combat experience from the me , a stronger economy and an american president with a scottish mother and a very emotional mindset towards politics ( i.e `` oh great president trump , defend your mother 's land from the pesky european mexicans ! '', 
  or whatever is needed to convince him ), 
  it would n't start a world war . 
  the rest of the world would n't be interested in 2 ex empires , now senile kingdoms , fighting over a rock . 
  do n't you diss the traditional scottish dish of chicken masala, 
  oh shit lmao op wasnt being cheeky . 
  awh come on now , no need to incite flamewars like that . 
  it was done 300 years ago . 
  if you claim gibraltar is `` occupied '' and not british then every single country in the americas is `` occupied '' and `` not american/canadian/brazilian / etc. '', 
  hell , spain as a whole was conquered by foreign goths and suebi . 
  france is named after the germanic franks who invaded it , england is named after the foreign anglos who invaded it , scotland is named after the foreign scotii who invaded it , etc. 
  when does it stop being `` occupation and invaded '' and starts being `` the way it 's always been '' ? 
  not to mention that it was moorish for longer than it was spanish , and it 's been british for longer than it 's been spanish too . 
  `` everyone who disagrees with me is no true ~ ~ scotsman ~ ~ irishman ! '', 
   fuck off back to england no true ~ ~ scotsman ~ ~ irishman ? 
  * queen of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland at the time . 
  lmao the people of gibraltar voted to remain british by 90 % +, 
  the falklands have teh oil now though . 
  so it 's basically like `` stanford '' ? 
  shetland and orkney go to norway already, 
  do n't think your entire country shares your pro eu sentiments . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_presidential_election,_2016 the eurosceptics lost but they got quite a lot of votes i 'm pro eu btw , but pretending that the uk is the sole evil boogeyman that divides the eu and that all will be fine when we leave is foolish . 
  plenty of them at / r/latestagecapitalism, 
  where are we painted as a `` massive drain on the uk economy '' ? 
  i 've heard that about northern ireland , but never scotland . 
  excellent divide and conquer , the age of the lib dems has come at last !, 
  lmao yes it was , maybe not `` just as scottish as it was english '' but it certainly had a lot of scotsmen taking advantage and profiting from it . 
  glasgow became immensely rich from the empire , some of the most iconic people in british history are scots , and ofc it was a scottish king inheriting the english throne that started the idea of the union . 
   overwhelmingly british nationalists nationalists are only bad when they 're pro britain , but good when it 's the snp . 
  we did vote less than 3 years ago and chose to remain in the union . 
  stop trying to paint this as some noble struggle against an oppressive regime , it 's insulting to those who actually live under them . 
   they actually have products recognised worldwide for their quality oh christ ca n't believe i 'm having to defend england . 
  since when are english products known for anything but quality ? 
  nobody sees an aston martin or rolls royce and thinks `` oh eew so cheaply made '' . 
  too high , but not outside the norm . 
   99 % of ** british ** colonies did the british are a british colony now ? 
  you people always seem to forget that scotland was holding hands with england and happily colonising , conquering , oppressing and profiteering from the empire . 
  glasgow became the `` second city of the empire '' , a scotsman was in command of the army that defeated the first indian rebellion , a scottish king is the one who started the ulster plantations , etc. 
  maybe it 's my german half that 's making me feel self-guilt , but it annoys me to no end how people treat scotland as a poor oppressed colony when in reality we were intertwined with the very empire that did the oppressing , murdering , looting , etc. 
  i 'm not the guy you asked per see , but i 'm a scot . 
  although i do n't detest the snp i really do n't like them either , it feels as if they 've created and added fuel to a fire of contempt between the english and scottish when there previously were only embers ( albeit the english are also guilty of this . 
  the tories ignoring scotland are what allowed the snp to gain a foothold and i really really hope the snp gives westminster a wake up call ) , i love sharing a country with the rest of the britain ( and n.ire ) and i celebrate their achievements as enthusiastically as i 'd celebrate our own . 
  not to mention that our two nations have intermingled so much that there probably is n't a briton alive who does n't have ancestry from another corner of the isles . 
  we 've battered through the world wars together , celebrated the successes of empire together ( glasgow became immensely rich from british empire ) , etc. 
  it 's a real shame to see a union of countries that has been so successful for so long being torn apart over buried hatchets and government stupidity ( again , westminster carries the blame as much as the snp ) . 
  plz do n't bae, 
   implying everyone with a uk flair is english i only changed mine to scottish because everyone assumed i was english or northern irish ( of all things ? ), 
  i feel bad for everyone living in the border lands , northern ireland and in scotland . 
  it 's gon na be a terrible decade for them, 
  hey now we both know labour are utter shit and the tories are in the process of a civil war right now lib dems , well i wish they were more popular, 
  yeah tbh i support the snp on almost everything except nuclear weapons and independence if only there were a decent scottish unionist party, 
  definitely not the opinion i expected to see upvoted on r/europe i agree with you btw, 
  it comes from both sides tbh , and i 'm a staunch unionist scotland does badly ? 
  `` it 's westminster 's fault ! '', 
  `` no it means scotland ca n't sustain itself as an independent country ! '', 
  scotland is doing nicely ? 
  `` the uk helps us immensely ! '', 
  `` no it means scotland would prosper as an independent nation ! '', 
  eh i would n't say doing well , but it 's not the trainwreck fantasy you were praying for . 
  fuck that . 
  these cunts who vote based on what the sun or 4chan tells them have ruined a 310 year old union and turning our nation into a international embarrassment, 
  so everyone joins the ue which is just a renamed uk ? 
  imperial domination achieved once more !, 
  by god you 've cracked the case quick !, 
  cast your ballots !, 
  theresa may rerun !, 
   once scotland leaves the uk not so fast there partner, 
  we 're the world 's greatest hypocrites, 
  keep in mind that is is 50 % of the 50 % , not the majority opinion . 
  i wish europe still had lions :(,
