  do we have a `` european '' watermark stamped on our cheeks that they ca n't see ? 
  nobody in the eu recognises catalonia i guess . 
   americans calling us racist for not letting everyone in ? 
  is n't it the opposite ? 
  they just elected the anti refugee man . 
  that 's pretty funny considering it was the usa that funded the marshall plan . 
  mutual respect ? 
  who the fuck is gon na respect north korea ? 
  not even china respects north korea and china ? 
  the usa and china are huge trading partners , the us has n't locked them out of anything, 
  well , john smith was an actual man , but he was very much an english guy ( albeit also a key figure in american history ) . 
  the usa gets pretty damn cold too though new england , minnesota , montana , etc. 
  in winter ? 
  i honestly think braveheart contributed to look 90 % of foreign support for scottish independence, 
  i 'm surprised how hostile this subreddit is to catalan independence . 
  scottish independence is met with a lot more enthusiasm and support here , but catalonia only appears to have catalans supporting them . 
  i 'm a scottish unionist myself but i think it 's rather unfair that they are told to shut up and stop complaining , there is a clear demand for a vote and these things do n't appear in a vacuum . 
  howdy doo fellow country suffering from uncertainty and with a independence movement, 
  i mean , you 're not entirely wrong i guess ? 
   it should be two thirds for major decisions like this . 
  that 's how i felt about brexit and scottish independence i really hate our government, 
  are you sure that 's not just the english dying of heat stroke every time the sun came out ? 
   the french were too much , it almost always needed a coalition to defeat them . 
  * laughs in german *, 
   ( note for clarity : they killed them with arrows , not actually diarrhoea ) . 
  given that it was the middle ages , i think the diarrhoea spreading might 've done more damage . 
  ever heard of the seven years war ? 
  and his parents were from india [ albeit it 's safe to say he probably identified as british ] ( http://68.media.tumblr.com/4ebc5105966bc7abd51d455a9881b523/tumblr_nsf59gylef1sc1zooo2_1280.png ), 
  isnt that what canada is ? 
  mmm , public healthcare service , queen , anglophones and francophones smack talking each other , what 's not to love ? 
   they do n't start world wars for one thing . 
  america did n't start those you ass , they did n't even join them when they started ( entered ww1 in 1917 and ww2 in 1941 ) . 
  canada is a part of the five eyes bud , your government spies on you too . 
  he 's polish . 
  you know the rest . 
  something something deluge, 
  who falls for this obvious trolling bait ? 
  i think english comes from the netherlands , frisia region . 
  frisians can understand old english better than the english probably , due to the lack of french influence . 
  * rrrreee gaels get off my island * brythonic isles for brittonics only !, 
  my great grandma and great grandad could speak that ( also they were first cousins . 
  just orkney things i guess . 
  ) , too bad they did n't teach it to my grandfather and father . 
  my great grandmother spoke both scots gaelic and norn ( a norse related language from orkney and shetland ) . 
  it 's a shame those languages are pretty much on their deathbeds now . 
  exactly because they learned that they could n't reply on the usa for everything and pursued to remain strong on their own . 
  the uk on the other hand is quite content with being america 's henchman . 
  oh well , you can keep dreaming for the nice and peaceful superpower that does no wrong ( and while we 're at it , totally eliminate crime and cure every disease ) . 
  no , i mentioned those religions because they 're 2 immigrant minorities in a country who integrated successfully and contribute to their new country . 
  these things are hard to really describe but they clearly exist ; someone raised in japan will behave differently and have different views from someone born in sweden . 
  it 's the subtle mannerisms , traditions , beliefs , `` unwritten rules '' , etc. 
  not to mention the obvious stuff like speaking swedish at home . 
  like i said , there 's a reason why sweden is a thing to begin with . 
  if swedishness was n't a thing then there would n't even be a sweden . 
  yep . 
  uk 's population is 65 million compared to sweden 's 10 million though . 
  these numbers should worry everyone in europe , this is n't an issue exclusive to sweden and germany . 
  in that case we should be more exclusive with who we allow inside the usa and canada know how its done . 
  their immigration system is harsh but it works out . 
  hindu americans for example , are almost as successful as jewish americans in terms of wealth and academics . 
  there 's a reason why sweden is a country and swedish a nationality . 
  if there was no swedish identity there would n't be a sweden . 
  same for everywhere else . 
  do we have to list every swedish cultural trait , tradition , piece of literature , etc. 
  tbf i imagine a lot of people in frankfurt are temporary expats who will leave after 5 + years or so . 
  or i 'm totally wrong here and do n't know shit . 
  please do correct me if i am . 
  chile and iran are/were pretty normal countries . 
  chile now has a higher hdi than portugal and iran used to be pretty westernized ( or at leas those who moved to europe and america are ) before the revolution . 
  not only did he shoot the guy , he successfully got the guy who was shot to apologize to him . 
  so what if they 're both semitic . 
  english and polish are both indo european , but nobody would consider them the same . 
   it 's weird . 
  if i went around saying all french people are surrendering cowards who stink of garlic , i guarantee you that french users would be ( rightfully ) angry and defend their countries reputation . 
  the only complaint to be had about germans is the towel reservation thing and wearing socks with sandals seriously , what is it with the socks and sandals ? 
   benidorm i 'm so sorry . 
  i think it 's safe to say that the usa is the most successful culture in history . 
  it exists in brazil as well . 
  irish began its decline since the 1600s when english and scottish protestants began settling on the island and generally treating the locals like trash , cromwell murdering a chunk of the island in this time period did n't help either . 
  how do you travel without a passport ? 
   as someone whose family is from ulster i ca n't stand them i thought it would be the opposite given that paisley and that lot are ulster-scots . 
   the `` british '' identity is just a fantasy for metropolitan english liberals i thought it was a fantasy for fox hunting , aristocratic , conservatives instead ? 
  at least that 's what the feeling is on r/scotland . 
  `` slightly better functioning '' is an understatement . 
  it 's been around for 300 years and is first world country with low crime rates , a high hdi , very good universities , popular media abroad , etc. 
  but ( germanic ) scots overtook scots gaelic before the act of union . 
  the lowlands ( where scots was spoken ) were always far more populated than the highlands ( scots gaelic was spoken ), 
  the arab world would get nuked to kingdom come if israel is ever in danger of being defeated . 
  i 'm sure the chinese world order would be so much better  to my friends : everything not quite , we ( the uk ) and france learned that lesson in 1956 . 
  what does the second amendment have to do with israel ? 
   yes israelis are ` arabs ' are finns actually russians too ? 
  they really ruined it with that waffle walled thing . 
  stadtschloss still in poor condition i take it ? 
  scotland ? 
  which war are you referring to ? 
  like i said , jacobites were more catholic extremists than scottish nationalists . 
  the scottish wars of independence from the middle ages are from way before the uk was a thing . 
  if the product is designed by americans in america then it is american . 
  like i said , the microprocessor and transistor are n't chinese inventions , they 're american inventions . 
  claiming it 's an `` asian product '' is ridiculous and a cunt move to the people who actually discovered and made these things .
