  why not ? 
  it 's good fun , not like they have anything else to do other than this and training . 
  has norway been in any conflict since ww2 ? 
  hey at least its not as bad as japan https://youtu.be/zjaxjafydwm, 
  vikings are raiders though , the culture is called norse . 
  comparing `` viking '' to longbowman or hoplite is pretty much what it sounds like . 
  saying norse would make sense , as would saying anglo or greek . 
  stockholm and lisbon are nice , same for vienna . 
  imo portugal as a whole is underrated . 
  den haag is more authentic ? 
  really ? 
  huh, 
  whats so bad about it ? 
  i have n't visited it , but my swedish step-grandad says its quite nice . 
  he is blind though so . . 
  no love for ulm outside of paradoxplaza i see . 
  i always found that weird . 
  english people are n't called `` longbowmen '' , greeks are n't called `` hoplites '' and italians are n't called legionnaires . 
  why are scandinavians always called vikings ? 
  the destruction of palaces always pains me . 
  the stadtschlos in berlin had a tragic fate too , it 's a unfinished shopping mall or african art museum now iirc . 
  budapest had quite a but of fighting going on . 
  cyprus is an island , you could say malta is close to africa but they 're still considered european, 
  plus it 's in the middle of the levant , it does n't even border europe anywhere, 
  the middle east ( and greece ) at the time was a lot more developed and advanced than the west . 
  the romans/greeks , arabs and persians pretty much saw everyone as being a bunch of stinking germans, 
  not just swedish . 
  a lot of english joined the varangian guard after the norman conquest , the anglo-saxon nobles were stripped of their lands and decided to make their fortune in constantinople instead . 
  norwegians and rus joined too ofc , harald hardrada was a varangian before he tried conquering britain . 
  the world cup went okay all things considered, 
  there are plenty of worse cities than rio in brazil . 
  the northeast is where most of the violence is at, 
  all the stress is on 1 city . 
  world cup was spread out across other cities which only had to deal with 1 or 2 stadiums and 1 sport, 
  i live here ( since i was a baby in fact , might as well be a brazilian ) and the government is a representative of the people . 
  little things like cutting the queue , ignoring the rules , doing stuff half assed , etc. 
  they seep into the government and the entire nation, 
  it has a nice opera house though, 
  it was a shitty joke made by the mayor of rio, 
  most powerful ? 
  germany was still behind france in 1939 . 
  the british found him , they usually arrested these guys and left them in custody of polish guards iirc a particularly heinous ss commander was found to have mysteriously died when imprisoned and left in custody of the polish . 
   veggie_prussian  prussian gee , i wonder why you 're annoyed at kaliningrad being referred to as such . 
  my greek-italian ( dual citizen ) friend does n't even call it istanbul at all . 
  you do n't call new york `` new amsterdam '' , do you ? 
  do you call tunis `` carthage '' instead of tunis ? 
  sounds like bs , kaliningrad is a valuable military base for russia , and in relatively warm waters too, 
  it really was n't . 
  you can roll around , do jumping jacks , etc while wearing it, 
  a battle that will go down in the annals of history, 
  it 's a common and effective tactic . 
  the normans used it as hastings to get the saxons off the hill, 
  the magyars were the invaders we were all running in terror from 1000 years ago . 
  i 'd give the `` protector of europe '' title to greece or austria when it comes to stopping middle eastern invasions/migrations, 
  r/scotland accused the bbc of being conservative nationalists and r/europe accuse the bbc of being liberal left wingers sounds to me they 're quite balanced, 
  maybe because at the time it was n't confirmed it was done by a muslim ? 
  a drunk driver or a lunatic motivated by other reasons could 've been the case . 
  fuck them for not reporting info until it 's confirmed right ? 
   downvote me you 're the top comment mate, 
  because it was back in the 30 's and even immediately after ww2 there was a pogrom that killed 30 jews who only had recently escaped the camps, 
  ca n't have ~ ~ a football match ~ ~ anything with the germans without bringing up the war, 
  east as in eastern europe or scandinavia ? 
  tbh scotland does n't have much in common with either . 
  oh man he really triggered the / pol / crowd with that one . 
  whenever john oliver is mentioned this always gets brought up by a frothing / pol /, 
  jesus , imagine hearing the news that your relative might be dead but they did n't find the body . 
  seeing those unidentified bones is horrifying , their relatives will never know where they rest . 
  magdeburgization is a lovely term, 
  `` magdeburgization '' is my favorite term from this war, 
  glorious revolution 2 : electric bogaloo netherlands plz save us, 
  we need a hero in these dark times a hero to unite the isles and reclaim normandy and the angevin empire !, 
  lizzie plz dissolve parliament the unity in the united kingdom needs saving , now is your time !, 
  is n't university tax funded here ?!, 
  edit : oh right . 
  england 's system is different, 
  uk of wales and england ? 
  the flag will look so meh without the saltire though, 
  i used to be a unionist scot , now i hope we eject out of this crashing airplane . 
  a real shame : /, 
  fellow unionist scot here , i feel your pain bro . 
  no eu and no uk either ? 
  what else will you take from me nigel and boris ?!, 
  kill my puppy too ? 
  as a scottish `` remain '' supporting unionist , i am so incredibly sad with this result . 
  no eu and no united in the kingdom , it 's like a nightmare come to life . 
  now i get to tell my kids about the time i lived through our greatest fuck up !, 
  fun fact : the usa was also a penal colony . 
   faithfully serve as britain 's greatest naval base and fortress for 300 years  get fucked over and isolated from europe by britain poor gibraltar, 
  not at all . 
  scots can vote on english issues but english ca n't vote on scottish ones . 
  the scottish are n't subjects to england , we 're subjects to the british crown ( and so are the english ) . 
  the whole union thing began when a * scottish * king inherited england , and later on the scottish parliament voted to voluntarily join/create the uk ( not submit to england ) . 
  what baffles me is that these brexit nationalists just ruined the very nation they supposedly love 'cause it 's not gon na be a united kingdom anymore . 
  i have this strange feeling farage and his gang are just english nationalists ... 
  me included . 
  i wo n't lie , i 'm a bit of a british nationalist , which is exactly why i really wanted for remain to win . 
  this vote just destroyed 309 years of unity and it 's going to cause an economic downturn . 
  fuck i 'm so salty and butthurt over this . 
  i hope scotland ejects from this crashing jet quickly . 
  from zero , to world imperial superpower , to mediocre , to zero again god what a depressing story,
