  the euro simply does n't suit some countries and there are plenty of other countries within the eu that do n't want it ( denmark , sweden ) . 
  studied ? 
  so have you already graduated or are you going to transfer ? 
  he is growing stronger, 
  east germany was annexed by west germany , they never joined the eu , they joined germany which was already in the ( precursor to ) the eu . 
  needs it ? 
  i mean , we 're a pretty cool bonus , being the 3rd/2nd biggest economy and the only other ( western ) european nuclear power , but the eu is gon na survive without us . 
  france can take care of security , plus germany could easily become a capable military power if it was n't for the military phobia . 
  the eu economy is big and without the uk preventing further integration , it will hopefully become more stable . 
  denmark has euro exemption too iirc , and ireland from schengen ( albeit i think that has to do with the common travel area with the uk , which predates schengen ), 
  presidential corgis does n't have the ring to it as royal corgis plus , sharing a head of state with canada , australia , new zealand and many others is pretty cool . 
  god save the queen is such a meh anthem , especially next to la marseillaise . 
  we should replace it with rule britannia or something . 
  lord buckethead 's mode of transportation ? 
  you do n't want our comedy ? 
  but what will i do with this stockpile of monty python dvds ? 
  that 's annoying . 
  i have german citizenship because my of my grandmother , my grandad also gave his up and my mother was born in argentina . 
  not just scotland , the entire uk is neglected compared to the south east . 
  wales , cornwall , northern england , etc. 
  are pretty poor by western standards , which is depressing . 
  `` welsh government rejoices as german occupation of the brythonic isles finally ends after 1500 years . '', 
  iirc the swimming pool thing is due to safety . 
  too much clothing in the water can hamper your swimming abilities . 
  the native swedes are n't the ones doing this . 
  iirc farage 's kids are germans via their mother , but he himself is n't, 
  ethiopia is anglophone ? 
  they were never colonised by anyone . 
  i do n't know , i 'm not a pensioner in spain . 
  but they insisted on saying `` we 're expats '' in those interviews so i 'm guessing they did n't like the migrant label . 
  i 'm pretty sure italy has already begun building them , and the uk is gon na buy them for our new carriers, 
  he 's joking , they like to call themselves expats so that they do n't have to be labelled as migrants . 
   the young turks are they the `` armenian genocide not real '' people ? 
  fight !, 
  away with you , unholy mountain demon haggis , deep fried mars bars and irn bru are the only things a man needs . 
  is n't pro eu sentiment really common in ireland ? 
  were n't they minoans and mycenaeans at the time ? 
  i thought the mycenaean alphabet was different from the greek one . 
  who paid for this ? 
  i 've noticed some people here seem to think corbyn is the lite-left type who backs the eu , when in reality he 's an old school socialist whose more like m\u00e9lenchon and has no warm feelings towards the eu . 
  brexit is happening now , regardless of the party in power ( unless lib dems pull off a miracle . 
  like , an actual miracle with angels descending from heaven and all . ), 
  iirc it was rebuilt to * not * resemble german towns after ww2 , but resemble dutch architecture instead . 
   we will retake this city !, 
   hey , do n't retake my city !, 
  the `` meme magic '' did n't even work in the us . 
  trump got elected by people from the rust belt who did n't want their jobs going overseas , not teenagers who browse 4chan all day errday, 
  that 's honestly depressing the first tricolour of europe does n't deserve to be replaced . 
  there 's / r/eu . 
  this sub is a default for anyone with a european ip address iirc , so it wo n't just attract eu federalists, 
  as a dual american-british citizen , i 'd vote for you no altering the constitution tho , muh first and second amendment, 
  the queen could probably run him over and the support for the monarchy would go up ten fold . 
  dup would go for a soft brexit imo , they risk losing too much if the ira feel angry enough about a hard border . 
  depends on the deal imo . 
  if we get a soft brexit with a minor recession , i can see the topic being forgotten after 20 years , but if it 's a really bad recession and a really shitty deal then it 's back on the table . 
  fair enough . 
  scots is n't really even a language anyway tbh ( it used to be , but it 's sort of converged with english and now it 's pretty much just scottish accent and slang ), 
  is rupert murdoch australia 's revenge on us for giving them tony abbott ? 
  a lot of people here seem to think trump is an absolute monarch who will reign for a thousand years , as opposed to a president who will have to deal with checks and balances for 4 . 
  mattos ( defense secretary ) is actually very much pro nato and anti iran ( and likely anti russia , given that iran and russia are budies ) . 
  would n't surprise me if he pushed for this visit . 
  damn there 's even some guys from caithness and orkney, 
  bruh stop throwing fuel into the fire, 
  i see ireland got the north back, 
  if you do n't give the members state a veto you 'll end up with the whole `` rrreee german fourth reich '' shit again though . 
  tiny states like estonia ( 1.3 million people ) ca n't stand up to germany and france ( 81 and 65 million people ) . 
  some of us are against independence y' know leaving the eu and then leaving the uk would be disastrous . 
  our economy is very much intertwined with the ruk , having to renegotiate trade with them and the eu at the same time would be really shitty . 
  not to mention the local scottish border economy would suffer and the people there would too ( plenty cross between england and scotland every day ) and the whole currency issue was n't really answered by the snp . 
  frankish empire reunited when ? 
  disney 's tarzan shows the bad guy dying by hanging from a vine . 
  death in kids books and movies is pretty common . 
   takes them to spain yeah that must terrify the dutch kids `` no !, 
  do n't take me to the land of sunshine and warmth ! '', 
  elmo was a candidate too, 
  they were born there . 
  the plantations happened 400 years ago , that 's longer than the usa has been a country . 
  james vi of scotland and i of england was in charge when they were established , i think . 
  the english already conquered ireland but they had n't planted any protestant populations up until that point . 
   their creation haha yeah , stupid james the * first * creating ulster plantations and shit < . < pay no mind to us  . , 
  well , maybe not modern high german but english is a germanic culture . 
  thursday , wednesday , friday , tuesday are named after the norse gods after all . 
  scots is n't gaelic , scots is the germanic dialect that is pretty much english but with an accent . 
  scots gaelic is the celtic language that was spoken in the highlands . 
  the uk is n't a third world country in anyway : cold war definition ( we 're aligned with nato ) or modern definition ( 0.900 + hdi , high gdp , long life expectancy and low crime rate ), 
  right , because sinn fein never partook in any terrorism huh, 
  given that the snp has just lost a shit ton of seats ( including salmond losing his ) , the `` inevitably leaves the uk '' bit is n't very inevitable . 
  true , but if you naturalise yourself then i imagine you have to pass a test where they determine whether you get citizenship or not , no ? 
  house of cards * is * originally british after all, 
  denouncing the pope as the antichrist in the eu parliament sounds like a comedy skit . 
  fyi the lyrics here have nothing to do with the original german , but it 's a fun tune to listen to regardless, 
  it 's like they * want * to increase support for the far right, 
  okay let 's not go that far he 's probably just your classic ivory tower politician whose totally disconnected from reality, 
  i 'm certain that this refugee crisis is what made brexit tip over that 2 % and happen . 
  juncker & co need to realise that they 're doing the eu more harm than good with this refugee business . 
  we can already guess whose at the bottom anyway , my favourite bit is how he decided that open borders to the world is a european thing ... 
  it really should n't be, 
  bad nutrition is one thing , but * starving * is quite another, 
  hey hey hey , it 's us who inherited * you * !, 
   * screaming heard from northern ireland * enough orange !,
