  not sure this is exactly the behaviour one would expect from professionals . 
  i 'm pro eu and supported remain but good god , do eu politicians actively seek to be disliked ? 
  i mean , the named after a fish bit rings true with scottish politicians, 
  the problem is civil wars over who gets to be emperor, 
  because the union flag looks fucking dope and it 's in every bodies best interests to keep it that way, 
  depends , would you like to annex galicia ? 
  i could never exactly tell , are they in the cherbourg area ? 
   less wars  roman empire not until they sort that succession but it ai n't, 
  i would n't say `` no military '' . 
  france is still a nuclear power and italy and germany could quickly arm themselves if the need arises, 
   just a little island i 'm pro remain and pro eu , but dismissing a 2.7 trillion dollar economy as just being a `` little island '' really is n't the way to go about this besides , why the fuck are you people so angry at the uk ? 
  y' all act as if every single briton fucked your wife and killed your dog or something . 
  the wives bit is more to do with the wives low status iirc roxelena was an ex slave and theodora was a prostitute, 
  it 's like the rosseta stone, 
  australia is a good boy , he turned his life around, 
  yes ? 
  when they visit the usa they certainly do . 
  plenty of people are bilingual . 
  they sure as shit wo n't reply in german or french . 
  then english is still by far more common . 
  japanese , chinese , korean and indian businessmen all speak it , again thanks to the usa 's superpower status . 
   english is just as common as french , german or spanish . 
  spanish is the only one that competes with english . 
  portuguese and russian have more speakers than german and french . 
  https://www.babbel.com/en/magazine/the-10-most-spoken-languages-in-the-world https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_number_of_native_speakers and this is just native speakers . 
  plenty of chinese and indians learn english thanks to the usa 's hegemony , the ones who are well educated and go to the ivy leagues certainly do . 
  the british state agreed to it ? 
  i do n't get why may does n't just go for a norway-esque deal , i doubt brexiters would notice the difference between that and a hard brexit anyway . 
  the country is split almost 50/50 and she 's acting as if the 52 % represent 100 % of us and it 's going to tear apart a 300 year old union, 
  iirc the french brazilian border is the biggest land border france has pretty funny to think that brazil shares a border with the eu, 
  or as i like to call it , barad d\u00fbr, 
  not the british , but the english did control quite a lot of france after agincourt . 
  i think it 's a joke, 
  tibet is in another hemisphere , scotland and spain share a continent and scotland wants to join the eu ... of course spain will be more involved in european matters . 
  it was probably done indirectly , by foraging crops and spreading disease, 
  i 'm amazed such devastation is basically forgetting about . 
  sweden in the 1600s was ravaging germany and poland like there 's no tomorrow, 
  how is it not a `` safe bet '' . 
  it 's pretty fucking obvious spain does n't want secessionist regions leaving without authorization from the central government . 
  it 's a pretty safe bet . 
  spain does n't recognise any catalan referendums held and do n't give permission for them to be held , they do n't want scotland serving as inspiration for catalonia and will make scotland an example of what happens when a country secedes without the capitals permission . 
  spain would refuse to recognise scotland if independence won after a referendum without westminster 's permission . 
  theyre fine with secession with the central governments permission only . 
  tbf chinese and middle easterners also are descendants from survivors . 
  spain is fine with secession as long as westminster agrees to it , what they do n't like is a rogue parliament declaring independent without the capitals permission . 
  erdogan contributing to the far right 's popularity i see, 
  plus spain would definitely veto scotland from the eu if a referendum was held without consent from westminster . 
  the entirety of the britain and ireland get shitfaced on a daily basis , you ca n't even tell the difference, 
  what do you mean ? 
  do n't you miss ira fundraisers in boston ? 
   complain about immigrants not integrating and forming ghettos  admit they formed a ghetto and refuse to integrate this is ... 
  strange, 
   the uk might end up doing well outside of the eu if we joined the eec and did something akin to iceland and norway i suppose , but if may really wants a super mega hard solid pure lead brexit then we 're in a bit of trouble . 
  scotland would have to re apply to join the eu either way , might as well wait and see how brexit turns out before taking such drastic action i 'm pro eu and pessimistic but brexit myself , but it 's not like we have 2 years left before everyone drops dead from economic heart attack, 
  god damn , why are our newspapers so bad ? 
  i do n't see tabloids being so popular amongst the population in mainland europe , where did we go wrong ? 
  plus who would ever want to ruin the union flag it 's so aesthetic, 
  he meant spain not giving catalonia a referendum . 
  i 'm sure the uk would be willing to let scots keep british citizenship if they wish , or at least make it very easy to acquire it . 
  it 'd give the snp more ammo , `` evil english are trying to silence us !, 
  oppression !, 
  anti democracy ! '', 
  the posters write themselves, 
  what ? 
  at least it 's not like spain where they do n't even give catalonia a referendum, 
  even then . 
  i would n't be surprised if london gives more to the uk ( budget ) than scotland ( or the rest of england tbh ), 
  haha what the fuck ? 
  is he a napoleonic veteran whose been cursed with immortality ? 
  true , scandinavia seems to be working out okay and i suppose all these unions must come to an end . 
  i just hope the term balkanisation does n't apply to us , people can get a bit too passionate about these things, 
  i thinks he 's making a pun about polish immigrants and ukips rhetoric against them, 
  what happened ? 
  it 's been removed but the replies here make it seem like he called for someone 's murder, 
  we are n't sure where to put the dragon in the centre where all the crosses meet ? 
  but then it would be too tiny , and if it 's too big it would look awkward . 
  uh shit our union is fucking broken . 
  i honestly ca n't think of a fair solution to all this , and i 'm very pro union ( and pro eu . 
  needless to say the current climate is n't very fun imo ) . 
  looks like break up is inevitable if things keep up like this, 
  after trump being elected president of the usa i honestly would n't be surprised if england left the uk . 
  you know it 's good when the right wing accuses them of being too left wing and traitors and the left wing accuses them of being right wing nationalists ( albeit that was mostly just r/scotland ), 
   ni  subsidising everyone else it 's quite the opposite, 
  iirc most of the american south and new england are of english descent but the rest of the country has more german descendants , and the appalachians are filled with scots-irish descendants ? 
  too bad the public fell for it it 's the age of the internet , do your research ffs people, 
  i imagine a desire for the latest earthquake proof tech has a lot to do with that . 
  at least it 's not like japan, 
   ethnic cleansing is wrong ergo we should do it to them for reasons, 
  that 's like asking why americans do n't return to england and give their country back to the natives they 've been there for centuries now , telling them to `` go home '' is nonsense . 
  not to mention that telling an immigrant to `` go back to your own country '' is considered pretty racist , so why is it okay to tell that to people in northern ireland ? 
  do you identify as a jelly doughnut ? 
  i have a hot-dog am main friend myself . 
  nah man we 've descended into civil war and anarchy , i painted my face blue and i 'm marching to kill englishmalen with a claymore atm , i hear the welsh are getting their longbows and the english are fighting off a great heathen army now, 
  meanwhile norway sneaks into orkney and nobody notices because it 's orkney, 
  catholic birth rates are higher i suppose, 
  wales can finally into union fleg !, 
  times square used to be the shitty area where drugs were sold , tourists somehow turned the place around but it really should n't be the representative of nyc . 
  imo central park is the best part of the city, 
  i feel like i 'm living in a different world here . 
  london has so much stuff to do !,
