  there 's a reason why the me is called the cradle of civilisation, 
  much like how a brother insults his siblings but defends them when someone else does it , i 'll defend england on this one . 
  either way , my point still stands . 
  do n't pretend everyone in europe had this alturistic sentiment of uniting the continent and sing kumbaya in love and harmony . 
  england was doing what everyone else in the world ( including france ) did , divide and conquer . 
  richelieu was n't looking towards forming a union between france , spain and austria . 
  bismarck did n't want austria 's non german subjects in germany ( he did n't want the polish either ) , napoleon was a great yes to be sure but he was forging an empire not a democratic federation of voluntary nations . 
  yes scotland is 50/50 now , it will likely remain that way because they wo n't be convincing a significant number of people now that the `` foundations have set '' so to speak . 
  whoever has n't dug their heels in by now is in the minority . 
  wales has a much weaker case for independence . 
  unlike scotland they were actually annexed as a part of england and were assimilated into england , as a result their nationalist feelings are a lot weaker than scotland 's , plus iirc 20 % of people in wales are english born . 
  scotland was an independent country before that voluntarily joined a new country called the kingdom of great britain ( not annexed by england , on paper at least ) and has a much more distinct culture and identity as a result , not to mention a stronger economy . 
  wales is one of the poorest regions in the uk and does n't have any north sea oil to look good on paper , their resources were drained in the industrial revolution already and now they 're mostly a service economy like the rest of the uk . 
  yeah the twits in ni lost their majority , but party scandals probably have more to do with it than brexit . 
  a less corrupt and more socially liberal unionist party could sweep the floor with dup . 
  you severely underestimate china , the han and early roman empires were pretty much equal and once the roman empire fragmented into the eastern half only they [ rome ] fell behind . 
  the byzantines were rivals with persia ( sassanids ) or the arabic caliphates , but they never regained the level of wealth and influence they possessed in antiquity whereas china remained the top dog of its hemisphere . 
   hre , franks , england you 're mad if you think the frankish empire and hre were ever the richest kingdoms of the medieval era , the rashidun/umayyad/abbasid caliphates were far more influential and rich than the medieval hre and francia could hope to be . 
  england was a viking infested backwater while china was producing iron on a scale that was not matched until the industrial revolution . 
   austro-hungary this one is a joke right ? 
  the austro hungarian empire only came around long after the medieval era , not to mention they were the second sick man of europe , about as organised and powerful as late imperial russia or ottomans . 
  obviously they were n't richer per capita because there were always more chinese than europe ( e.g. 
  300 million chinese in early 1800s whereas napoleon 's entire empire was 44 million ) , either way the fact that the majority of humanity was almost always chinese is already telling . 
  the first opium war is way after the renaissance . 
  like i said , europe only started to overtake china after the spanish empire ( renaissance ) . 
  i 'm not china cheer leader by any stretch of the imagination , id much rather the usa remain the world 's superpower and feel bummed out whenever the 1997 hong kong handover comes up , but it 's an accepted fact that china has always been a magnet of world trade and might even take up the mantle of world superpower in the near future . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru * barely * enough support . 
  `` barely '' is already stretching it tbh . 
  scotland and n.ireland are the only ones whose independence is a possibility right now , and polling in n.ireland still shows a pretty big pro uk majority , scotland is split 50/50 judging by polls . 
  oh yeah i 'm sure every other country had these pure and charitable motives of uniting the continent as one in order to better the lives of their subjects , it was only and only those evil mustache twirling british sabotaged it since the days of charlemagne . 
  source for the welsh assembly bit ? 
  sounds like you 're confusing plaid cymru for the entirety of the welsh government, 
   probably more due to the allies bombing civilians rather than industry the allies did bomb industry , but precision targeting did n't exist at all back then and attempts at it were a colossal failure ( the usaf attempted it and they barely managed to scratch the factories ) . 
  add in the fact that speer introduced dispersed industry and bombing whatever factory was left became increasingly hard, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/made_in_germany apparently it was more of a protectionist issue vs free trade, 
  would n't denmark be more close to sweden or norway ? 
  same justice system does n't necessarily mean same type of government . 
  neither does same monarch ( albeit it does in this particular case , but monarchies do differ ) . 
  foreign policy also does n't really mean same government, 
  ` straya helping us win those hdi points , usa keeping up the university rankings and michael phelps doing all the olympic work ? 
   always been the best and richest tbf china was the richest up until the spanish empire got going, 
  i realised there was n't the infamous baby clinging to his heel like in the original , but was still a bit worried, 
  except that this is clearly a lot more harsh than versailles ever was . 
   a country born on 3 genocides can not expect a bright future oh boy this is bad news for the colonial powers of spain , portugal , britain , * france * and germany . 
  oh god please do n't tell me someone placed that there . 
  the risk of damaging these statues is too great , unless this is a replica as opposed to the original . 
  you underestimate keith richards, 
  one usually imagines internal power struggle being within the imperial government rather seperate subjects trying to gain their freedom . 
  the usa leaving did n't cause the empire to collapse , in fact the apex of the empire came after the usa was independent . 
  that 's kinda sad . 
  the city of old fritz deserves better . 
  being a tiny enclave , cut in half and surrounded by a communist country did them some damage . 
  france has been centralised for longer than germany ( germany was n't even one country until 1870 ) , same for britain . 
  is n't norway still quite eurosceptic ? 
  something tells me they 'll return to be paid again to leave again just deport them with law enforcement . 
  enforce the law, 
  keith richards is probably responsible for 90 % of cocaine use in the uk, 
  did n't people use to make fun of glasgow and london for being dangerous or something ? 
  good god . 
  has n't global iq been increasing dramatically ? 
  i think it 's called the flynn effect or something like, 
  the british empire did n't fall due to internal power struggles though . 
  we went bankrupt fighting 2 world wars and had millions of subjugated peoples who were trained and armed to fight said world-wars and now wanted their freedom . 
  iirc inflation did spain quite a bit of damage as well, 
   keep calm  unite or perish !, 
  something 's off here, 
   the only ones complaining about the eu lets not pretend everyone in mainland europe loves the eu and has zero complaints about it . 
  it 's better to be in the eu than out of it definitely , but it has plenty of things worth criticising, 
  the cia has a heart attack inducing poison that dissipates within hours and ca n't be detected afterwards . 
  tbf i 've seen that mistake done in the uk itself, 
  the old ministry of defense looked dope, 
  i currently hold the british and american passports but i 'm about to get my german passport for that easy eu internal travel ( plus i quite love germany and german culture ! ), 
  right now i live in brazil . 
  i want to move to the uk in the future but i 'll wait for things to quiet down and stabilise a bit before then . 
  scottish !, 
  he 's a dying kind i suppose , but our entire family is a hodge podge of everything and my dad just decided to stick to his dad 's identity ( my grandmother is english-argentine ) . 
  i did the same as him and just stuck to dad 's nationality . 
  his anti brexit feelings stem more from his education than anything emotional though ( he 's not a europhile in the slightest ) , emotionally he supported brexit but he 's also a realist with a harvard mba so he knew brexit would wreck havoc on the economy and it has wrecked havoc on him financially . 
  tbh my nationality is quite the mess thanks to jus sanguinis and jus solis granting me 3 seperate citizenships . 
  i have a german mum who was born in argentina ( so she 's both and i 'm german , because it passed down to me from her ) , i was born in the usa which makes me american too due to jus solis , my dad was born in london to a scottish dad and an anglo-argentine mother ... to make it easy , the male line was all born in orkney before my great grandad , but my great grandad returned to scotland and married his orkney born cousin , grandad was born in scotland and continued the family tradition of hoping between south america and britain . 
  really ? 
  r/europe seems to be more realistic toward the ira . 
  i only see ira support on reddit when it 's irish-americans discussing it, 
  i dunno , a law abiding citizen who does n't murder people ? 
  pretty standard tbh . 
  what 's the point of living without culture ? 
  what 's the point of having money if you wo n't spend it on gifts for traditional holidays , clothing thats fashionable in your culture , decorations that represent something , etc. 
  if israel managed to revive hebrew then i do n't see why ireland should n't revive irish . 
  same here . 
  my dad is a flag waving , colonial hat wearing , churchill worshipping , pro-empire , nationalist tory and even he thinks trump is a ridiculous clown ( and surprisingly is also anti brexit !, 
  albeit he still dislikes eu politicians ), 
  have you seen churchill 's funeral videos ? 
  he was already extremely popular only 20 years after the war ( for some perspective , 1997 was 20 years ago ), 
  i mean , he is dutch so i guess he really is an orange man ? 
  i mean have you seen their football hooligans ? 
  martin luther king saw his people getting lynched but he did n't go around bombing pubs and metros . 
  martin luther king did n't go around lynching people just because his opponents did , he chose to be the better man . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#/media/file%3atroubles_deaths_by_perpetrator.png i 'm exhausted and likely to fuck up reading a graph , but it looks like the ira killed more here, 
   of hong kong like regions https://youtu.be/9g3szuj-elo i cri errytiem, 
  does france still have that island off newfoundland ?
