  i genuinely am not sure since france has latin america and african departments ), 
  that 's gon na piss off the english . 
  they 're the ones who have the stiff upper lip stereotype . 
  nope . 
  we 're still in nato , separate from the eu . 
  we should and shall defend our nato allies regardless of what brexit causes . 
  well i would n't say the uk is entirely innocent . 
  we could have done more to put pressure on germany before fall gelb . 
  the german army was actually very vulnerable at this time in the war and they were exhausting supplies in poland . 
  tbh we should have started the fight after germany invaded czechoslovakia , france could have sweeped the floor with the wehrmacht at that stage . 
  wehrmacht ... more advanced ? 
  france had cavalry yes , so did germany , in fact the germans used a lot more horses than anyone else in the war ( lack of abundant supplies of oil meant they could n't be fully mechanised anyway ) . 
  the american , british and french armies were far more mechanised than the wehrmacht ever was . 
  is this a joke ? 
  since we 're gon na be making assumptions and writing whatever we feel like * the eu was created because europeans hated not being the centre of the world anymore . 
  they could not stand that the usa was the most powerful country in the world . 
  they are too proud and eurocentric to follow . 
  * see how silly that is ? 
  currency determinates your commitment to the eu ? 
  til sweden and denmark also do n't want to be a part of mainland europe . 
  * damn scots , they ruined scotland !, 
  yeah , they believe in their own ethnicities supremacy instead . 
  you think the saudis treat their filipino and indian * slaves * with respect ? 
  fun fact : america was also a penal colony . 
  tbh looking through his posts i do n't see much inflammatory stuff . 
  mostly celebrating economic success . 
  well tbf , most white new zealanders are descendants of brits and they use common law , speak english , have the uj on their flag , etc. 
  obviously they 're their own country and separate identity these days , but they definitely share a lot of common heritage with us . 
  bruh , you think that 's bad ? 
  new zealand banned farming in your own backyard . 
  they literally send in government agents and confiscate your fucking garden for farming . 
   create new england  ~ ~ new england ~ ~ ` murica ends up becoming the superpower and england the vassal state it 's like a curse or something . 
  is n't kurwa `` whore '' ? 
  i 'd say `` puta '' is more appropriate , but i speak brazilian portuguese so it might differ !, 
  oh right , my bad . 
  dammit portugal , we sent in wellington and all and you still adopted the napoleonic code ? 
  is this retribution for the mapa rosa ? 
  wales voted to leave the eu too , so they 're likely to not get any independence movements going . 
   1 ) it was the uk that declared war on germany are you seriously using this point as somehow being a bad thing ? 
  maybe the uk would n't have declared war on germany if germany had n't invaded belgium or poland, 
  anything ( except nyc or tokyo probably ) is more affordable than london, 
   after scotland and n.ireland jump the ship did you see that in your crystal ball ? 
  excuse me sir , im not a filthy germanic sassenach im a super proud celt !, 
  form orcadian stock ! . . 
   the british are n't european  english is a european language https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcseqol2arxk9wy-awunviswebevzzhm042pfc-nepkduixbsvgdxyukj8bfwa, 
  more like senile old man who used to be the mr universe champion but now the steroids wore off and we have those flabby skin wings . 
  yeah , silly galileo challenging common knowledge . 
  does n't he know the status quo is the only truth ? 
  yeah fuck that . 
  those people are n't going anywhere without a fight , a fight they have won every time . 
  and during all that fighting they managed to create a first world country in a sea of madness, 
  because blasphemy laws are exactly what we need to bring back right you also do realise that challenging old theories and disproving them with new equipment , methods , etc. 
  is an essential part of science , right ? 
  we 'd still be believing in a earth centric solar system without people challenging the status quo . 
  well duh , but you 're not going arrest people for it . 
  who decides what is a lie ? 
  and what is hate speech ? 
  `` this is counter revolutionary/disturbing the peace/heresy/communist / etc. 
  you will be executed for your wrong sounds . '', 
  has been an excuse for tyrants since the dawn of man . 
  but you think a fundamental human right is `` cancer '' . 
   freespeechiscancer yeah , he 's the backward one huh, 
  getting rid of her is n't gon na fix one of the oldest issues in human society . 
  the poor will always be worst off , being a monarchy does n't somehow make that worse ( hell , just look at norway . 
  they 're a monarchy but they have the highest gdp per capita and very low inequality ) . 
  per capita , not on a national scale . 
  and ireland 's gdp per capita is pretty skewered due to the whole low taxes and companies setting up there due to it . 
  someone get tolkien on the line , we need a translation, 
  well yeah , so why * hate * her ? 
  she 's an old lady who waves at events and breeds corgis . 
  you can think the system itself is outdated , but i see no reason as to why we should hate the current lady who occupies it . 
  the snp said they 'd keep the monarchy . 
  unless you 're implying something else . 
  as long as they remain politically neutral and do n't actually exercise their powers , im fine with it . 
  the british monarchy has been getting declawed and castrated since the middle ages ( magna carta ) , hell the english parliament even decapitated charles i and made a `` republic '' ( albeit it sucked so hard that we went back to a monarchy ) . 
  ever since then the monarchy has been there for show and not done much , so why bother changing it ? 
  yeah but scotland has ( or had ) `` common '' parties with england . 
  labour and tory . 
  the snps surge is pretty recent . 
  highest population ? 
  that 's ... bad , given that we 're an island and a small one at that . 
   it was economics that partitioned ireland well yeah , and those easily angered and violent protestants in the north . 
  where the hell are you getting these stats from ? 
  germany and france are the only members of the eu who are richer or equal/now slightly richer than the uk . 
  plus she was actually against brexit too . 
  we used to export monty python , now we import carnival floats . 
  this is the worst fall from glory since the roman empire !, 
  they were formally annexed by england under one of the tudors iirc . 
  henry viii probably . 
  bonus fun fact : the tudors themselves were of welsh ancestry . 
  does india not have a bigger gdp than the uk by now ? 
  edit : apparently it varies if it 's ppp or just gdp . 
  richelieu was a cardinal who paid protestants to fight catholics . 
  everything about him is uncardinalish, 
  intelectual terrorism , is this a joke ? 
  people ca n't speak their mind now ? 
  look , i think farage is a hypocrite twit ( getting paid by the eu while trashing it ) , but trying to ban him from an entire continent just because he says things is utter lunacy . 
  i forgot the details , it 's a bit of a mess really and i think they 've changed some of it . 
  but iirc they do need them to come here , but once they 're here they have access to those rights . 
  like i said , probably changed and i 'm not too well versed on it because commonwealth , british citizenship , etc.
