  its an old way of saying scottish . 
  as a unionist , this whole affair makes me sad . 
  no more u in the uk : /, 
  my german mum saved my ass today , i 'm gon na get myself a german passport asap now, 
  mfw british nationalists literally cause the end of united kingdom as a unionist , this whole affair makes me sad :(, 
  the welsh voted leave too no idea why . 
  a sense of duty to help take care of the senile spouse ? 
  `` you leave me , i leave you first ! '', 
  well since his legacy is already fucked , might as well try and get parliament to reject the referendum , maybe survive the inevitable assassination attempts that come after it , and go into exile ? 
  everyone , including the okw itself ( german high command ) thought that france would whoop their asses back to the siegfried line . 
  defeating france in 6 weeks and the ussr 's abysmal performance in the winter war ( despite winning in the end ) lead to them being overly confident in their ability to defeat the soviet union . 
  seeing the daily mail sourced posts get upvotes on / r/worldnews always make me sad . 
  soldiers often were criminals , low lifes , etc. 
  wellington admired the fact that the army turned `` the scum of the earth '' into disciplined fighting men . 
  just because he 's right wing does n't mean he 's an asshole . 
  some of us are right wing purely in the economic sense . 
  scotland had a referendum for leaving , and the majority voted to stay , ergo they are still british . 
   you have no oil ( scotland does ) hurr durr the usa does n't have oil , texas does !, 
  scotland is part of the uk you twit . 
  if they have oil then the uk has oil . 
  pretty sure tokyo or manila were the most destroyed . 
  tokyo was 90 % + devastated by firebombing ( many buildings were still made of paper and wood ), 
  i find it hilarious how you have `` idiot racists '' for the uk , denmark , norway and ireland and suddenly `` dirty arabs '', 
  justinian did n't give that order , the aqueduct was damaged during the sieges of rome ( the attacker would naturally cut off the defenders water supply ), 
  the byzantine reconquest of italy actually depopulated a lot of italy at the time . 
  the gothic wars were incredibly devastating . 
  in which country ? 
  you do know not every muslim country is iran or saudi arabia , right ? 
  warning about a recession is n't fear mongering . 
  it 's so bad because it is n't even true . 
  german military rearmament and spending was straining their funds . 
  it is the inbred offspring of western europe after all, 
  that ought to teach you for shifting the blame of hitler and taking credit for beethoven !, 
  i 'm surprised the brazilians did n't mock your accent, 
  this guy must get around . 
  i live in brazil and got a phone call asking for a vladimir , guy called me 4 times . 
  i 'm not even russian . 
  this actually pisses me off , and i 'm a british-american with not a single drop of french blood in me . 
  this is * insulting * , verdun was one the bloodiest battles in human history !, 
  absolutely disgraceful . 
  i got them , they only increased my height by like 7cm and they 're super expensive too , not really that necessary, 
  catholic prayers are latin are n't they ? 
  rome had less than 100,000 inhabitants during the viking age , their population might have even been less than 50,000 at that time . 
  constantinople might have had 1 million in its metro area but the city itself peaked at 500,000, 
  isnt muenster the city where the church has the cages used to keep the body of anabaptists ( or some religious sect ) still hanging ? 
  heads on spikes seems mild for them, 
  guns , bible and secession could include a big chunk of eastern europe, 
  tfw york is n't in new york, 
  hey , texas is cool . 
  be thankful we 're not alabama , missouri or mississippi now put your hat on and grab a gun partner , we have a ranch to run, 
  fried chicken and abraham lincoln come from there, 
  you ca n't really deny that ireland used to be extremely catholic , whereas in britain religion stopped being essential for politics since before ww1 ( disraeli was jewish iirc ) . 
  german soldiers were friendly as long as you were n't a slav . 
  anyone east of k\u00f6nigsberg was on the kill list, 
  i 'm happy to see how far ireland has come . 
  from being a catholic theocracy to a growing economy and secular nation within a few decades . 
  the uk risked letting us go 3 years ago . 
  the british government obviously does n't support it but theyre willing to let it happen if there 's demand for it, 
  inb4 norway invades orkney and shetlands to take all the oil, 
  huh , the byzantines ( eastern romans ) had functioning aqueducts in their empire and venetian and other italian merchants visited constantinople quite often . 
  surely they would know what the aqueducts did ? 
  * hermann meyer he did say we could call him that, 
  i only wanted to make a historical reference . 
  not saying modern christians in europe are as bad, 
  i 'm not saying modern christians still throw people out of buildings but , there was that whole ordeal in prague a while back that caused quite the ruckus . 
  1950 still stings too, 
  i fucking love ex yugoslav and british-ireland threads, 
  every thread about conflicts ends up a disaster zone . 
  yugoslav war threads , modern crimean war threads , irish-british conflict threads , even bloody ww2 threads still see shitflinging, 
  poor argentina and brazil . 
  2 huge countries with all the natural resources and space needed and for some reason never really reach their full potential, 
  wow . 
  i thought the usa ( or germany ) would have been 1st , germany ( or usa ) second , britain third , france fourth and russia fifth . 
  some stuff is n't worth it when you have to live with the stasi, 
   putin-the-tall awh , that 's just cruel, 
  ostalgia must be treated as soon as the symptoms show up, 
  i know it 's not pronounced that way , but using the [ first 2 letters ] exit format for the 3rd time gets old, 
  adieu is a better name me thinks, 
  what ? 
  brazil is certainly within the american sphere of influence . 
  if the usa so much as thought anyone ( other than them ) had too much influence in the americas they 'd go apeshit, 
  pretty sure the majority of the people in gibraltar would rather remain in the uk , at least that 's what the polls indicate, 
  trump lost the popular vote by 2 million . 
  do n't dismiss half of america , many are still very pro europe and want to see a better relationship between america and europe, 
  hey now do n't forget canada, 
   german  sending messages to mexico ca n't zim zam the zimmerman, 
  maybe among the older generations , but younger britons seem to be generally pro eu and the majority of americans did vote for hillary rather than trump . 
  it 's not as if 99 % of the anglos are frothing at the mouth with hate for continental europe, 
   british flair  hopes uk to crash and burn que ? 
  french nationalist celebrating the anglo saxon world ? 
  huh that 's new, 
  tbf if you know how it ends and live in the usa then it should n't be too bad, 
  koenigsberg is the spelling if you lack an umlaut key, 
  living in brazil , same here lol albeit we did get 4c here a few years ago . 
  i actually quite liked it since it made sleeping so nice and cozy, 
  looks like a fancy gingerbread house, 
  tbf i would n't blame them for trying to get out of overcrowded camps in jordan , lebanon and turkey . 
  just look at what koenigsberg castle is nowadays . 
  it 's just ... 
  sad .
