  well tbf any rugby game between any country tends to be 1 step away from ethnic war . 
  it 's good to be scottish reap the benefits of empire past and none of the blame !, 
  sorry og britain, 
  well the name `` scotii ' comes from an irish tribe that came here . 
  and tbh that 's all i really know other than the obvious celtic connection . 
  * tfw you realise it is n't 1850 anymore *, 
  braveheart is about as accurate as u-571, 
  is that where they have the cages hanging from the church tower ? 
  i thought cornish went extinct in the 1800s ? 
  did they revive it ? 
  not if we paint our faces blue and use sticks for weapons you would n't, 
  who would n't want to trade with the usa ? 
  they alone are richer than the entire eu . 
  california has a bigger economy than britain and france , texas is richer than russia and new york is as rich as spain . 
  they 're still the world 's leading superpower ( only superpower really ) . 
  no argentina and chile are already considered developed , they 're far better off than brazil and mexico . 
  both have hdis above 0.800 which is considered `` very high '' ( iirc argentina is at 0.827 and chile at 0.847 . 
  chile scores higher than latvia and hungary and argentina scores higher than slovakia and romania and ties with croatia ) . 
  which does n't do much when it comes to fighting guerrillas, 
  oh hohoho here we go place yer bets , i 'm putting down 5 for the one with the knife, 
  well yeah , propaganda during the world wars and all . 
  eh it 's a common joke `` the sun does n't set in the british empire - because god does n't trust the british in the dark '', 
  tbf scottish-irish history is n't too favourable either james vi establishing the ulster plantations and all . 
  the ulster-scots have `` scots '' in their name after all . 
  yeah my family comes from orkney . 
  i probably have a couple of viking rapists for ancestors, 
  henry kissinger tried returning his prize because even he thought it was ridiculous . 
  that seems to be the case for every european capital sadly, 
  i 'm pretty sure your viking forefathers kidnapped our ancestors though, 
  true , but so are wales and nobody loves them . 
  and nobody remembers bretonny, 
  well ... 
  were they correct or was it drunken ramblings ? 
  i always wondered why they like us so much considering northern ireland 's existence is due to a scottish king . 
  do you know any reason why that might have happened or was it random ? 
  i did n't know argentina even had racial slurs for black people . 
  my parents were raised there and seeing a black person in ba was pretty rare according to them . 
  yeah iirc military leftovers seem to create these accidental natural reserves . 
  chernobyl 's wildlife also apparently had a comeback thanks to lack of humanity . 
  and even then the uk was willing to let a central part of itself separate with a simple majority where even foreigners were allowed to vote . . a second referendum is n't being allowed right now because it 's been only 3 years , both sides were abundantly clear about it being a `` once in a generation '' referendum . 
  is the us going to have elections before the agreed date because half the country is n't happy ? 
  does canada give quebec an annual referendum ? 
  does spain even give catalonia any referendum ? 
   while the british went all jingoistic oh yeah , we were at fault . 
  not the ones who fucking invaded the place and started the war . 
  fuck us for defending our citizens and territory right ? 
  and the penguins keep the mine fields no seriously , the penguins are so light that they do n't set off the mines . 
  as a result the mine fields have become a penguin reservation since nobody wants to set foot there and they 're left undisturbed . 
  that 'd be quite the feat , but it would damage their reputation for using troops disguised as civilians to invade another country , plus they 'd be outnumbered . 
  so what 's your solution ? 
  deport them all ? 
  the entirety of argentina is an `` illegal '' settlement , land stolen from the natives . 
  they have absolutely 0 moral high ground on the issue . 
  argentina is n't a shithole ... well it did n't use to be , not sure what their situation is right now since i have n't visited in a while . 
  went full `` alt right '' ? 
  what happened ? 
  not all of latin america , iirc chile did n't . 
  also wtf israel ? 
  i guess 2014 never happened huh, 
  a shame too . 
  argentina has a decent chunk of british immigrants and it 's a developed country , but this dispute over a giant penguin reservation and a village manages to sour relations . 
   brazil  big power i wish, 
  it 's like a fat gherkin, 
  the term hearts and minds comes from the vietnam era . 
  they did n't build concentration camps in vietnam either , not to mention they did n't even invade north vietnam . 
  did n't control the provinces because of pr and `` hearts and minds '' . 
  if the usa really wanted to they could just build concentration camps ( most successful way of fighting guerrillas ) and generally be more aggressive . 
  except it is . 
  drought can cause major food shortages , hurricanes can wreck havoc on entire countries , a slight decrease in sunlight can cause crops to fail ( see : every time a big volcano erupts and a mini winter follows ) , a small decrease in temperature can cause crops to fail , eco systems can collapse if one little cornerstone species ca n't thrive , etc. 
  humanity might not go extinct , but our life of luxury and abundance would come to a crashing halt . 
  that 's cause the iraqi army is garbage and the us is only assisting from the air . 
  in case you forgot about 1991 and 2003 , the us army ploughed through the opponent before you could even blink . 
  yeah fine , they might take maybe 3 months or so . 
  at the end of the day the french army is much more well funded , trained and motivated than the german army . 
  they have a lot more combat experience too , having fought in mali , bombing isis , etc. 
  punishing eurosceptic nations will only make them resent the eu even more . 
  by the time the bundeswehr 's new toys rolled off the factories the french army would already be at the polish border . 
  you ca n't just ramp up military spending and have it all done for next monday . 
   earth was warmer in the past and it was not catastrophic we were hunter gatherers in the past and has n't even discovered metallurgy . 
  kinda hard to determine if modern civilisation can withstand drastic climate change if it 's never happened before . 
  it 's almost as if the 1600 , 1700 , 1800 and 1900s are different eras . 
  are we ( uk ) and france going to war any time soon ? 
  is japan going to invade korea and china again ? 
  brazil and argentina fighting over uruguay ? 
  the eu is n't some thin red line that 's preventing nuclear annihilation , germany and france are n't run by lunatics . 
  i doubt france and germany would go to war just because the eu does n't exist . 
  nato would still be a thing and uncle sam sure as shit would intervene and put a stop to any conflict . 
  but could lepen make france leave ? 
  surely she 'd need a referendum , and i doubt it would pass . 
  the pantheon was built in 120 ad or so , during the reign of hadrian, 
  iirc about 5 of them got blown up by a german archaeologist, 
  i mean , the usa pretty much became the world 's leading superpower thanks to ww2 . 
  turkmenistan it is then, 
  bruh the country is divided 50/50 on the issue . 
  not sure canada has a lot of moral high ground on this one either . 
  plan on returning to the uk . 
  scotland is within the uk lad and if we left , we would still prefer having open borders with the uk because it 'd be fucking lunacy to cut ourselves off like that , especially when the 2 countries are so interconnected from 300 years of shared history . 
  oh god please no . 
  i do n't wan na leave the uk , but i also really do n't want y' all forcing us to go full hard brexit . 
  romanian posters ?
