  has the uk never given europe anything ? 
  feeding germany after ww2 ( despite food shortages in the uk itself ) , reviving volkswagen , being the second biggest contributor to the eu budget , but hey that 's all useless amirite . 
  i can picture christopher lee giving a speech to thousands of ~ ~ uruk hai ~ ~ chavs , ordering them to march on spain . 
  ominous music , orcish chanting and all . 
  tbf we 're still in the eu , 2019 is when the symptoms will set in still hope we manage to succeed though . 
  love you two gaelic bros, 
  oh please , `` harm every single one of the other eu states '' ? 
  if you think the uk has that much influence , we are humbled . 
  did the brexit vote include a `` bomb the 27 eu countries '' clause ? 
  wo n't the eu integrate much more quickly without the uk opposing a lot of the integration ? 
  albeit the hungarian government does n't look too enthusiastic about brussels right now , but that 's hardly our fault . 
  do n't underestimate westminster 's ability to fuck this up, 
  agreed . 
  i thought 60b was reasonable enough and fair , and that fine over chinese goods ? 
  also fair , it was our fault . 
  but fucking 100b ? 
  possibly more ? 
  fuck off , this is extortion . 
   i would like to highlight the london debt agreement do n't forget the uk helped feed germany after ww2 , despite having rationing in our own country , and we refounded volkswagen in order to kick-start the german economy again . 
  senile parent gets a fast pass, 
  oh no the sassenachs are cooperating again call king arthur !, 
  hey hey hey * england * lost to iceland mmkay . 
  there is no uk team . 
  damn english , always being the half assed germanic language, 
  it 's almost as if the borders of the me were caused by french-british intervention, 
  do n't forget portugal !, 
  and now we know why africa has so many civil wars, 
   if you could only preserve one city for posterity , which would it be ? 
   scottishpatriot  europe flair aye you know he 's gon na keep doing it . 
  we do n't have weekly terrorist arrests in buenos aires or s\u00e3o paulo . 
  europe clearly has a problem . 
  the english burn people on the 5th of november i 'm afraid poor old fawkes , the only man to enter parliament with honest and noble intentions, 
  tbh i dont know why people even bother mentioning the dirtiness . 
  japan is the only place on earth that i can think of that does n't have dirty cities ( oh , and singapore ) paris ? 
  i saw a dead pigeon with its hip bone sticking out on the sidewalk london ? 
  so much gum on the sidewalk and a few bottles here and there new york ? 
  oof , london and paris combined in terms of garbage on the streets . 
  new york city gon na get hate for it on this sub . 
  but that city feels like the centre of the world imo . 
  pretty sure i saw everyone from every country while there , plus it has the un headquarters , wall street , broadway , etc. 
  seriously ? 
  depends imo . 
  i 'd much rather live in london than rome , but in terms of attractions and the cities `` charm '' i 'd definitely choose rome . 
  not entirely successful either . 
  stagnating economy for years now , massive demographic problem . 
  i would n't want to have japanese work culture . 
  barely any free time . . 
  i think florence could compete with rome for twining with paris . 
  iirc during the battle of kursk ( 1943 ) it was almost 40 degrees celsius . 
  russia gets all the extremes . 
  not sure how we would rank military technology , i mean we 're just puny civilians , who knows what the military keeps under the table . 
  i think france and the uk are pretty much matched in terms of military power , i doubt either has a massive advantage over the other . 
  not sure about northern europe joining a federal state . 
  denmark still has their own euro opt out and sweden clearly does n't want to use it . 
  i disagree myself . 
  if westminster finally manage to somehow reform the uk ( infinite monkeys with infinite typewriters type of deal ) and make it more akin to germany , usa or canada ( quebec has their own immigration policy iirc ) then we could save the union . 
  which countries did you live in op ? 
   freespeechiscancer you 're a charming fellow . 
  nah , that 'd be suicide . 
  the uk is gon na suffer from it , but we do n't have to recover from 50 years of soviet oppression . 
  hungary would be absolutely fucked if they left . 
  uk nominates ~ ~ obi wan ~ ~ ewan mcgregor !, 
  cleganebowl its oan lads, 
  i want to see polish jesus and brazil jesus fight . 
  the hohenzollerns continued ruling romania until the soviets deposed of them iirc the last king is still alive and he looks like a vampire . 
  so ... immortal prussian vampire king when ? 
  and a wittelsbach is the current king of the uk if you go by jacobite claims . 
  she 's also queen of australia , so she gets north and south . 
  plus jamaica , so equator too !, 
  the swedish queen is a brazilian right ? 
  or was it the one before her ? 
  yeah that too . 
  but the ballast was also apparently too small/light for the ship , the museum offers a lot of explanations as to why it sank . 
  why not ? 
  they 're pretty much the best land force in europe . 
  this thread is gon na be a shitshow, 
  yeah i think i 'm the only one who still wants the uk to succeed . 
  i was against brexit from the start , but now that it is happening i hope it 's a huge success . 
  like father , like son, 
  yeah it 's quite sad that the royal navy is n't what it used to be . 
  fleet reviews used to be grand . 
  https://i.imgur.com/dgl6xgm.jpg 1953 review , when elizabeth ii was crowned . 
  i was not aware of their existence !, 
  would love to visit . 
  17th and 18th century ships are my favourite . 
  no problem , we all have those moments now and then . 
  i did include the vasa !, 
  it 's the last picture . 
  there were 2 ship designers for it actually . 
  the original one died half way through the project , the new designer noticed the ship was screwed up and tried to salvage it by widening it but by then the hull was mostly finished so he could only do so much . 
  i have n't been to norway yet sadly , will definitely visit all 3 of the museums when i do though !, 
  german-argentine mother ( she has german parents who moved to argentina after ww2 ) , british father , and i was born in the usa ( cue bruce springsteen ) . 
  do n't worry , i like brazil more than argentina huehuebue, 
  this is n't even a sabotage . 
  it 's the uk government doing what it always does during election season , we 'd have done it ( if it was during a general election season ) even if brexit was n't a thing . 
  damn right when the hms queen elizabeth enters service , in may , she will be the only non-american supercarrier in the world . 
  albeit it 's not nuclear powered and does n't have a catapult system - . -, 
  castilians and the english have more in common than they think :p, 
  little album i made to showcase my favorite type of tourist attraction . 
  if you ever go to stockholm or portsmouth , checking out the ship museums is an absolute must !,
