  british make the best romans suck it italy , you might have better food , weather , vistas , and ruins , but we got rome 's empire building gene . 
  this is n't really fair , life is n't fair in general though . 
  if some guy came all the way over from sudan and worked his ass off , does he deserve less than say , a welfare-leech who was born there and nothing else ? 
  yes he did choose to leave sudan , but let 's face it , living there would suck and probably is still quite dangerous . 
  being born a british aristocrat in the 1800 's would be winning the lottery . 
  finland-scandinavia was still a backwater at that time sucks if you 're a worker though . 
  1800 's wages , conditions , and all, 
  the left wing ussr was renown for it 's amazing human rights track record, 
  i think lithuania would be the one suffering from sanctions against the us ... 
  praise yahweh !, 
  east asians probably disagree . 
  unless you mean in terms of quality of living and organization ( but singapore , south korea , and japan can easily top the charts with that ), 
  what 's so bad about cape town ? 
  i have n't been there so i 'm not too familiar with it, 
  you could say vienna is a german city ; austrian or german was pretty much the same before 1870 and kleindeutschland forming . 
  which is a shame . 
  san francisco , boston , carmel , etc. 
  are all really great, 
  the major one has been christianity for 1 thousand years ago . 
  lithuania was the last major pagan land in europe and they became christian 600 years ago already, 
  swedish has more in common with hindi than hindi has with some other indian languages ( hooray for indo european languages ) . 
  the british sort of compacted the sub continent into 1 nice big package , but it 's very very diverse, 
  india is even more diverse , china alone is probably as well ( southeast asia as a whole certainly is ) , but they 're poor and the cities are polluted and overcrowded so it 's not as charming or pleasant to visit . 
  is this for real ? 
  it 's not that bad :(, 
  it 's like a comment from r/conspiracy with a fancy cover, 
  what the hell happened in brazil ? 
  hungarians did n't have a fun time when the mongols ( asian invasion 1 : the huns !, 
  asian invasion 2 : magyar attacks !, 
  asian invasion 3 : return of the mongols ! ), 
  invaded, 
  mine prefer to just forget about it . 
  my grandfather was born in sorau ( now zary ) but he does n't have his german citizenship anymore and never bothered going back , my grandmother was from danzig but she was 10 when the war ended so she never had any nationalist feeling for the land . 
  they do n't really hate poles , even though her father ( my great grandfather ) was arrested and nearly executed ( accused of espionage ) . 
  besides , the polish got forcefully relocated too , the russians deported them out of the east and forcefully moved them into the west ( breslau , stettin , sorau , etc. ), 
  they were n't exactly fans of that plan either . 
  really ? 
  what about germany has been ruined ? 
  the bavarian alps are still there , as is munich and berlin ( i suppose the stadtschloss is ruined but that 's only 1 building ) . 
  prussians are all elderly by now . 
  both my oma and opa are prussians but they do n't give a damn about `` the lost homeland '' . 
  king . 
  kaiser came around after 1870 war with france, 
  seems to be both . 
  people still act as if the nazis were the ones who `` fixed '' ( made a bubble ) the german economy ( and then proceeded to ruin it by starring a war ), 
  okay , so should we repeat that ? 
  the other guy is still being an idiot, 
  `` yay , let 's drop down to their levels ! '', 
  i guess we should send all germans to gas chambers then ? 
  why deport the current russians for something they did n't do , but spare the germans for something they did n't do ? 
  you 're being an idiot, 
  my internet connection dropped while submitting the comment , so it might submit twice russian claims over narva , or kaliningrad are as legit as american claims on america , or australians on theirs , or mexicans on theirs , or canadians , and so on is it genocide ? 
  yes . 
  is it playing dirty ? 
  yes . 
  can we do anything about it ? 
  either hope they all suddenly choose to leave or get down to the same level as nazis and soviets and forcefully deport them all, 
  italy is n't a poor country . 
  america did n't get prosperous overnight , immigration to america happened since the 19th century , the titanic ( before ww1 ) was heading to america and most of it 's third class were european immigrants who planned on living there . 
   they have been the biggest economy in the world since around ww1 , not sure what that has to do with jus soli . 
   they also have the highest crime rates of any developed nation , just look at baltimore/detriot/atlanta / chicago and 300 million inhabitants , that 's 1 country . 
  if you combine all of europe into 1 country then crime rate is going to look pretty high, 
  course . 
  r/european probably brigades this place often, 
  because studies have shown time and time again that genetics do n't mean anything in terms of culture , up bringing , geography , etc. 
  do , but not blood, 
  that 's a very dumb statement . 
  by that logic everyone in europe has no culture because they borrowed a bit from the romans , ergo it 's not theirs, 
  oh christ , not the `` americans have no culture or identity . 
  they 're literally the default human and have no unique traits ! '', 
  it has worked for america ? 
  they 're the biggest economy in the world , are a developed nation , have low crime despite fear mongering by the media , good living conditions , etc. 
  other than a 90 % russian population, 
  and mexico is old aztec , but it wo n't be returned to the natives any time soon . 
  which is ironic given that the nazis planned to extreme image 95 % of lithuanians and latvians ( `` generplan ost '' ), 
  i thought it was latvians who were known for collaborator jokes ? 
  nobody calls the usa or canada `` former iroquois confederacy '' , or mexico `` former aztec empire '' it 's kaliningrad now , it will stay that way unless they all collectively decide to leave or get forcefully expelled . 
  more like : think germans act like prussians and dress/speak like bavarians, 
  a fence usually works when you 're the actual destination refugees bypassed hungary by going to croatia instead , in order to reach germany . 
  they wo n't bypass anywhere to get to germany when they already are at the german border, 
  eritrea is actually a very horrible place with slavery . 
  if they were ethiopians or kenyans then yes it would be economic migrants , but i would n't blame anyone for trying to escape eritrea, 
  i despise the nazis over at / r/european as much as anyone else , but it 's not brigading unless they organize a mass downvote of people they disagree with and upvote their own , they are free to post comments on any other subreddits if they please . 
  wait what , seriously ?!, 
  link to the article ? 
  i need to reap some / r/rage karma, 
  worst part is that the austrians got away with it !, 
  all they get it 's arnold schwarzenegger jokes !, 
  it 's really depressing seeing muslim countries 100 years ago compare to nowadays . 
  even turkey , which worships atat\u00fcrk ( modernized turkey , curb stomped islamic influence on politics , turned hagia sophia into a museum ) elected that erdogan idiot into power and he seems to be worryingly religious . 
  a civil war ? 
  i take it belgium got annexed in this scenario, 
  everyone loves good ole inconsistent english though with our silent letters , lack of gender , inconsistent pronunciation of letters and lack of any umlaut or other grammar to indicate how to pronounce anything, 
  nah everyone thinks dutch looks bizzare . 
  how long until the dutch annex the north sea and border the uk ? 
  i suggest poland pick up their country and run , preferably south to get away from russia . 
  add bureaucracy to the equation, 
  oh for crying out loud those who were motivated by islam were classified as foreign ideology , not right wing, 
  i 'd watch that it 'd probably only consist of the israeli air force dropping a nuke on the titans though, 
  well , minus the olive skinned , dark haired , short romans who considered the germans to be barbarians .
