  british lannisters might also be a contender , the lion representing the uk and all ( scottish and english coat of arms have lions in them ) . 
  hey , do n't call me a little englander . 
  the only english in my family is my grandmother but the rest is all scottish . 
  i know about the civil war , as in i know it happened and for how long , but never learned about it in detail . 
  brazil indeed does has the world 's largest lebanese diaspora , but they 're very much assimilated by now and most came over long before the civil war so they do n't really have much to talk about it . 
   one tale describes how the scottish visitors stole girls from the next village , celebrating their trophy brides with big parties - before waking the village priest at dawn to legalise their unions . 
  the rape of the sabine women 2 : scottish bogaloo, 
  yee but it was pretty low intensity on the grand scheme of things . 
  the palestinians tried that in lebanon too ? 
  i thought they only did it in jordan . 
  oh yippee , so we get the civil war too ? 
  his comment got removed , what did it say ? 
  ooh eew is n't that canal water really nasty ? 
   the empire newsflash , hong kong was returned back in 1997 , there is n't any empire anymore ... 
  this thread is gon na be spicy, 
  yeah , that way france and poland can fund it . 
  is this what we get in return for the auld alliance ? 
  bruh did you just call ireland english, 
  europe is n't necessarily better at handling foreign policy tbf . 
  look at the shit show britain , france have created from east asia to africa . 
  yeah right . 
  and in the uk it 's the british who are in charge , but that does n't stop us ( scotland ) from feeling marginalised because the english outnumber us by so much ( scotland 's population is a whooping 5 million . 
  england is 50 million or so last time i checked ) . 
  france could be a counter weight to germany if it felt like it . 
  same . 
  de gaulle kicks out quebec from canada and then becomes president of quebec . 
  they kinda hated each other though, 
  tbf america getting involved was n't guaranteed back then , although churchill and roosevelt were gossiping in their letters with each other the american public was still largely isolationist . 
  they get away with not accepting refugees too . 
  `` japan is so kawaii and awesome !, 
  but evil western europe and amerikkka are bad because they were racist and had empires in the past ! '', 
  how saudi arabia uses its weapons is not sweden 's responsibility . 
  you do n't sue kalashnikov or fn every time their weapons are used for something bad . 
  so we get the sunshine and pacific ocean and they get the rain and north sea ? 
  fuck yeah let 's do this, 
   the more intelligent a person the last likely they are to vote conservative boy oh boy are you in for a nasty surprise when you meet some post grad harvard alumni . 
  the royals stopped claiming france after the treaty of amiens in 1803 , but the channel islands are still the remnants of the duchy of normandy i think . 
  she 's definitely still trying to breed horse sized corgis, 
  hey now , the hundred years war was fought between * england * and france , not the uk and france !, 
  scotland fought with the french , that 's why they won ;p, 
  my god , we 're a nation of gopniks, 
  [ careful , kangaroos are pretty ripped ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-06/5/5/enhanced/webdr07/enhanced-17886-1433496200-7.jpg?downsize=715:*&amp;output-format=auto&amp;output-quality=auto ), 
  it is , but calling her queen of england is like calling the king of the netherlands the king of holland . 
  i mean he is , but there 's the rest of the country ( or countries in elizabeth 's case ) too . 
  the queen of papua new guinea, 
  please point out to us how he is defending white supremacy . 
  okay , she lives in istanbul . . 
  but what does this have to do with europe ? 
  canadians , australians , indians , new zealanders , etc. 
  can also vote in our elections . 
  i 'm pretty sure they can even be elected as mps too . 
  given the usa 's ranking , i doubt this survey was conducted with americans, 
  2 arrogant countries who want everyone to speak their language ? 
  practically twins . 
  everyone here always talking about the finland-netherlands rivalry , but i always see the uk and france in pretty much the same place as each other in most of these rankings . 
  the fuck you on about , the usa already buys venezuelan oil, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_malta there are two variants . 
  the official flag is using the medal , the alternative uses st john 's cross . 
   just because they can at home . 
  i do n't know where you 've been reading that , the irs ( american taxing agency ) is notoriously strict and ruthless when it comes to collecting its due . 
  iirc that was an alternate design in case we ( scotland ) leave . 
  the black is supposed to be wales ( [ st david 's flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/flag_of_saint_david.svg ) ), 
  the plain stripes have actual symbolism to them though . 
  the orange representing protestants , green the catholics , and white being peace between them . 
  hating brits is what makes someone a true brit . 
  that article was a video which was talking about british regulations actually . 
  specifically this : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_egg_industry_council#lion_mark, 
   which proves why the us is not a developed country . 
  did you read the list ? 
  the usa still ranks above italy , estonia , japan . 
  all developed countries . 
   the quality of friendships and general societal trust is low since you can not rely on anyone on a bad day . 
  what ? 
  how do you even rank `` quality of friendships '' ? 
  do n't forget cheese , guns , mountains and swiss army knives, 
  and no more rain , forever !, 
  no free university , but public schools are . . well , public , and most of them in middle class areas are good . 
  new england and nova scotia can suck a dick , west coast is the best coast !, 
  oh no i do like escargot , but you have to admit the concept is pretty nasty . 
  i think sausages are pretty gross too but i still eat them . 
  fair enough . 
  iirc the us did switch to metric in the 1970s but it did n't catch on , so now they 're sort of in a weird limbo . 
  brazil and peru had no restrictions on japanese immigrants , so they went to these two countries because they were one of the few countries at the time which accepted them in . 
  brazilian arabs are almost entirely christians , so they integrated easily . 
  i do n't know why they picked brazil , but they make up a huge chunk of the elite/upper class now , so it 's nothing like europe where you have ghettos and all that . 
  lebanese descendants make up the biggest chunk , with a few syrian too . 
  http://www.webopedia.com/didyouknow/internet/web_vs_internet.asp the internet was invented by the usa , the www is a british invention . 
  they 're different things . 
  an australian invented the tank iirc . 
  lightbulb seems to have multiple candidates . 
  edison made the first commercially available ones though . 
  telephone , well graham bell was scottish of course but he immigrated to america and spent the rest of his life as one . 
  i guess being a dual american-british citizen makes me content with either side getting credit . 
  the usa still gets the internet , gps , the airplane , air conditioning , mechanical hearts ( first ones that worked successfully ) , voice recorder , etc. 
  king george awarded the entire island a medal for their bravery during ww2 . 
  the cross on their flag is said medal iirc . 
  also they have an awesome language , very unique and i hope it survives and thrives in the future . 
  i 'm gon na get lynched by my countrymen for this , but i totally prefer french wine over whisky , ale or even irn bru ( shocking i know ) . 
   but portugal , brazil and angola have very different cultures . 
  well yes , but so does all of europe .
