  what is it with the monkeys ? 
  every time gibraltar comes up i see the monkeys mentioned , are they endangered ? 
  lmao who spends their time making these ? 
  the pose , the bull , it 's all perfect . 
  spain does this all the time , it 's tradition at this point, 
  spain and the uk arguing over the rock looks more like senile old men fighting over a game of bingo they played 5 months ago, 
  he deleted the comment , what did it say ? 
  is it the `` deport all northern irish back to britain '' guy ? 
  does germany still have the pergamon altar ? 
  why does nobody ever give them shit for that ? 
  they bought it from turkish authorities same as elgin bought the marbles from the turkish authorities, 
  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2014/10/18/british-people-tend-want-elgin-marbles-returned/ returning or indifferent towards them is the majority opinion . 
  tbh i do n't see why the museum does n't just make 3d replicas , we have the technology . 
  give greece the originals and 3d print the exact same thing , yeah it wo n't be the * real * thing but you can still appreciate the aesthetics and craftsmanship, 
  a yougov poll shows that 37 % support returning them and 23 % would rather keep them ( the rest are indifferent or do n't know ) . 
  swedes are in a similar situation . 
  their royal family is french , descendants from one of napoleon 's generals, 
  oh my god , gove is one of us ? 
  do n't pretend your dutch football hooligans are any better , everyone above the alps is permanently intoxicated northern lunatics . 
  pretty amazing natural beauty in the american west and canada . 
  also nyc , seattle , san francisco and boston are great cities . 
  the posh pretty ones are kinda hard to notice because they do n't call attention to themselves, 
  the class divide i guess ? 
  the upper class are known for the whole stiff upper lip , sarcastic , and using euphemisms shtick . 
  kinda like the usa has the fancy new england wasps and world renown hill billies, 
   the jobs market is the one thing spain has over the uk, 
  seriously ? 
  spain , where the unemployment rate is are 22 % ? 
  there are plenty of other , respectable , right wing sources to choose from . 
  as expected the sun continues to be a national disgrace, 
  oh right, 
   kinggeorgecommands comment this thread is gon na be juicy, 
  what the fuck is wrong with your dad i thought mine was a bit extreme at times but good god man , did the eu fuck his wife ? 
  i mean , there are no pubs in the highlands because there are n't any people there . 
  tbh i do n't think us protestants enjoyed it too much either, 
  i love how finland just decided to hang out with the latin americans instead of scandinavia, 
  iirc that 's the swedish king i 'm disappointed the uk did n't put up a corgi wearing a crown for ours, 
  italia-britannia heart best heart malta is the little one born from the occasion, 
  im disappointed in british performance though the dutch got their anthem and portraits of king and queen , we could n't even get a `` rule britannia '' and a portrait of liz with her corgis !, 
  yes which is the last stage of your life . 
  but if you 're still young and working ... 
  i suppose it 's better when it 's dry , but humid and hot nights are incredibly uncomfortable, 
  china wo n't give a shit what a member of the house of lords thinks . 
  one american senator saying something stupid does n't jeopardise diplomacy for them and it wo n't for us . 
  hong kong was ceded to britain forever , it was the new territories that were leased for 99 years . 
  we ceded hong kong itself along with the new territories because a ) we could n't fight china and b ) hong kong could n't sustain itself without the new territories which included the power plants and such . 
  this comment might post twice due to internet connection issues, 
  hong kong was ceded to britain forever , it was the new territories that were leased for 99 years . 
  we ceded hong kong itself along with the new territories because a ) we did n't want to fight a nuclear power ( and deng was pretty clear that he was going to enter hong kong by force if it did n't go his way ) and b ) hong kong could n't sustain itself without the new territories which included the power plants and such . 
   one thing britain has over spain other than gdp per capita , hdi ranking , employment rate , etc. . . 
  we 're building the massive turbines as we speak , australia ( and sunshine ) here we come, 
  where did i say that ? 
  too much sun and heat can suck . 
  if your ac breaks you wo n't be sleeping comfortably . 
  i live in brazil , i know from experience . 
  still better than constant rain though . 
  midges , eh fair enough . 
  but warmer climates tend to have nastier creepy crawlies, 
  exactly, 
  the uk already kowtowed to china in 1997 , i doubt this will effect chinese-british diplomacy , britain has no possessions in asia that china wants . 
  these noobs do n't even know their proper racist meme terminology smh, 
  oh christ mate please do n't i 'll side with my country in these arguments but people like you are n't helping our cause at all, 
  they do n't wave union jacks over a dead dictator . 
  most gibraltarians are n't even of pure spanish descent , they 're a mix of genoese , british , jewish , and spanish immigrants who came to the place after the english annexed it . 
  irelands gdp stats are pretty skewered . 
   spain is a ** much ** better to place to live than the uk citation needed, 
  i mean , 4chan 's memes got us donald trump as president of the usa . 
  they 're a dank propaganda tool . 
  it 's been less than a week and we 're already calling each other cucks, 
  wow that 's a shame . 
  poor alte fritz must be rolling in his grave, 
  we 'll recommission the hms victory and sail to cape trafalgar one last time, 
   known for its composure hah , confusing the english upper class with the rest of britain again i see . 
  english working class , scots , northern irish , we 're all lunatics when not sober . 
  tbh i think 90 % of the british public would vote in favour of it sunshine for all, 
  what 's so bad about berlin ? 
  i 'm surprised thurso and wick have no pubs in this map , it definitely must be missing a few, 
  iirc one of his testicles grew to the size of a lemon due to cancer . 
  picture that eh . 
  yeah i like ruining peoples sleep . 
  fair enough , a misunderstanding . 
  yes we did , the uk was bankrupt and india had 3 million armed , trained and battle hardened troops that were promised freedom at the end of the war . 
  not to mention the usa encouraging decolonization . 
  france also ditched the bulk of their colonies ( and they desperately tried clinging to algeria after being defeated in indochina ) , britain did the wise thing and left ( relatively ) peacefully . 
  either way this is just another show of hard power , britain lacked the military capability to keep it 's possessions and so had to step down . 
   i was talking about being richer in terms of per capita . 
  why would anyone ever compare things on anything else than on a per capita basis ? 
  we 're comparing countries as a whole not quality of life for individuals . 
  just because britain is a second rate power does n't mean we 're in the same category as austria . 
  superpower and irrelevant are n't the only 2 positions a country can be in , japan is n't going to conquer anyone and they too kowtow to the usa but that does n't make them as irrelevant in anyway . 
   not everything is about hard power no , but europe would be cowering before russia if it was n't for the usa , britain and france . 
  putin just invaded his neighbor willy nilly and got away with it because nobody is going to fight the country with thousands of nuclear warheads and a well equipped military , same applies for china and the uk during the hk handover . 
  hk was handed over because china had the hard power to back up their words and actually carry it out , argentina got humiliated because they did n't . 
  he could be just calling himself indian to point out his ancestry and ethnicity . 
  but neither are even comparable to north korea . 
  hungary and the uk are democracies with freedom of speech , movement , etc. 
  north korea has concentration camps and does n't allow their people to even leave the country . 
  they 'll be getting in via ceuta and melilla before gibraltar, 
  did you forget which country scotland is a part of, 
  and they held a referendum and 90 % + chose to remain british , case closed,
