  `` human , let me out !, 
  i need to go inside again '', 
   middle eastern rise huehuehue this guy, 
  it 's a sarcastic comment . 
  whenever people say `` wtf i love [ thing ] '' they 're mocking those who previously hated said thing , but now like it because it either agrees with them or helps their narrative . 
  it does n't mean `` nothing '' . 
  we should never dismiss the loss of jobs , especially high paying ( i.e more tax ) jobs . 
  i kinda like the employment and tax revenue they give us  : /, 
  yeah but it gave us soviet brutalist buildings instead rip koenigsberg castle, 
  bush senior was a pretty great president , and nobody knew the iraq war was gon na be a thing when junior got elected . 
  macron has n't even been in office for half a year , he still has a long way to go . 
  does n't the euro 's weakness actually help germany export more ? 
  does n't the euro 's weakness actually help germany export more ? 
  does n't the euro 's weakness actually help germany export more ? 
  does n't the euro 's weakness actually help germany export more ? 
  except you know , the germans, 
  ironically , one of bmws biggest factories is in north carolina . 
  ironically , one of bmws biggest factories is in north carolina . 
  ironically , one of bmws biggest factories is in north carolina . 
  ironically , one of bmws biggest factories is in north carolina . 
  i kinda agree with you . 
  i wish we had those fun little drawings and fonts to differentiate each region . 
  it appears to be a eu-27 only list, 
  same with the ira in the uk . 
  where would the uk be on this list ? 
  i know its eu-27 only , but i imagine we 'd be second to france ? 
  the gallipoli campaign ended in january 1916 , conscription would have had minimal effects on it . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/conscription_in_australia it also appears that conscription was n't even introduced in australia ( other than for home defense ) , after it was defeated in 2 plebiscites . 
  https://googleweblight.com/?lite_url=https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_army_during_world_war_i&amp;ei=-2imnyun&amp;lc=en-br&amp;s=1&amp;m=290&amp;host=www.google.com.br&amp;ts=1497715035&amp;sig=alnzjwnmnpd_qzwnow0l8b5bivemr-ztfw article refers to the indian army as being volunteer based , so it does n't appear conscription was introduced in india either ( the armies salary was probably enough incentive to join ) . 
  it does support your 10 year old child soldier claim . 
  they were n't thrown into the battlefield , they were volunteers . 
  the british army did n't have conscription until 1916 , gallipoli was in 1915 . 
  well , they are relevant culturally . 
  the queen is one of the first things people think of when you say `` uk '' , pretty much every time the uk is shown on a movie , tv show , cartoon , etc. 
  the queen shows up at some point . 
  do n't forget japan and norway . 
  nobody remembers new zealand, 
  i wonder if one day a future monarch might just decide to move to new zealand or some other kingdom , and leave the uk with a governor general . 
  that 'd be a weird feeling . 
   the us needs to be crushed by who ? 
  the mighty european army ? 
  his neck probably has more muscle mass than my entire body . 
  i 'd feel bad for her , too bad she insists on the internet regulation shit . 
  if you speak another romance language , it 's really easy . 
  i speak portuguese as a first language and i can read french literature and media , the only problem is listening to it at normal speed ( slowed down i can understand ) . 
  american public high schools can be really good , you need to live in the good areas though . 
  and if you can afford it ( or get financial aid ) , the private schools like phillips exeter , andover , etc. 
  are some of the best , if not the best , in the world . 
  basil the bulgar slayer is best emperor . 
  the commonwealth is more of a `` i was part of the british empire and all i got was this lousy shirt '' club . 
  also a sports club ( commonwealth games ) . 
  but all nations in the commonwealth are totally independent of each other and there is no commonwealth parliament or anything . 
  i also doubt most canadians , aussies and kiwis would support such a thing . 
  it would be way too similar to the british empire , and these nations have already created their own national identity and culture ( albeit still similar to british culture . 
  kinda like scandinavian countries all being similar but still different ) . 
  the idea of if it sounds awesome ( at least imo ) but yeah , wo n't happen . 
  hong kong is rich , developed and their population is highly educated , so probably yeah . 
  but i doubt china would allow it . 
  plus , being in europe is like the first requirement to joining the eu . 
  british arm is far too tanned for that, 
   scottish english ireland what abomination is this, 
  can you run our country while at it ? 
  i would n't mind being more like the netherlands . 
  we can expand our two nations at the expense of the sea , together !, 
  britain fighting a war to defend a european countries colony in * india * would be politically impossible . 
  that 'd be like germany declaring war on israel , the history around the issue would make it extremely unpopular and the whole world would go apeshit . 
  the revolution is n't very glorious if charles is taking the throne, 
  [ relevant picture . 
  portubro best bff . 
  improved the local cuisine, 
  a version of history where joan of arc did n't exist, 
  i thought mallorca was the german colony, 
  they 're actually socialists too i mean , capitalist ireland is now one of the most developed countries in the world , these guys still want to emulate eastern europe during the cold war ? 
  eh tbf we blasted every city in germany to kingdom come during ww2 . 
  the elves live in iceland, 
  english mispronounces its own words . 
  worcestershire , gloucestershire , leicestershire , how the hell did these names even get spelled that way ? 
  well my circle is kinda skewered . 
  i interact with the middle-upper class from s\u00e3o paulo who attended private schools in brazil , not the actual common brazilian who attends public schools . 
  many of those who can went/go abroad for university , the usa is the biggest destination but the uk is also pretty popular ( english speaking countries really . 
  but there is a german school , porto seguro , that prepares students for german universities ) . 
  i ca n't really think of any really good years for the uk , in the 20th century churchill said ww2 would be our `` finest hour '' , but given that germany , austria , japan are better off than us despite losing and we wound up `` the sick man of europe '' , the whole victory thing feels a bit dissappoting . 
  iirc the vasa and mars were so well preserved because the lack of oxygen meant nothing could survive and eat the wood from the ships . 
   trust this englishman 's taste buds uh oh, 
  i know i know , and house of cards is also originally british but everyone thinks of the american versions now ;(, 
  half the language is french words, 
  it 's like that scene in the office ( uk ) where they 're dancing and everyone just looks on with shame and dread, 
  you can see the increasing dread in his face, 
  definitely , but st andrews itself also seems to be better at marketing , and the whole `` oldest in the country '' bit gives it a reputation since everyone thinks older = more respected . 
  heh , well i 'm a scot in brazil and i actually miss the cold and clouds , sun genuinely hurts the eyes and the summers here can be unbearable without ac . 
  i have n't been to oxford so i do n't know what it 's like . 
  it 's good to see people not immigrating to london though , the rest of the uk needs more attention , france and the uk suffer from way too much centralisation and everything being centered around the capital, 
  eh maybe in europe , but here in brazil and south america in general most people just know oxford , cambridge , st andrews and imperial . 
  where in the uk do you live ? 
  remained in scotland or went to england ? 
  tbh i doubt the uk is gon na deport eu nationals , the eu is gon na flip out ( understandably ) and negotiations would be a lot harder if the uk chose to die on that hill . 
  plus it would be bad for the economy in general ( hmm well , brexit in general is bad so maybe i 'm being too hopeful ) . 
  it 's the only `` famous '' scottish uni i can think of why do you regret it if you already graduated ? 
  you got out before this mess began . 
  control over our own currency is worth it .
