  not sure voting for a socialist is any better , especially one that praised venezuela . 
  the colours were added in long long after this was filmed , using modern day software . 
  wow , the self hating german is actually real . 
  i thought they were exaggerating when they talked about you lot . 
  this is truly pathetic . 
  you despise the culture that raised you and which allowed you to enjoy a first world standard of living . 
  absolutely depressing . 
  yeah , much like how britain 's history is intertwined with our navy , germany 's is intertwined with prussia ( and as we all know , prussia is an army which posses a state ) . 
  obviously oppressing poland , annexing bits of france , and worshipping war is pretty bad ; but it 's a real shame that everything prussia was thrown into the fire and forgotten . 
  frederick the great was not just a great soldier but also a musician , philosopher , lawmaker , etc. 
  an irishman who is nostalgic for those times ? 
  without ww1 the british army would have likely crushed the irish rebellion in brutal fashion and you 'd still be a colony of the empire . 
  obviously ww1 sucked , but it did benefit some people . 
  well , it 's not as if protestant africa was any better, 
  and who were kicked out of malaysia against their will iirc singapore is the only current country that was given independence against its will . 
  heard of the opium wars ? 
  japan also had a go at devastating china and korea also french indochina and the subsequent vietnam wars ( plural ) british malay dutch east indies and of course , the british raj . 
  question to czechs : do you guys use czech republic or czechia when talking in english ? 
  i 'm still not convinced with czechia , but maybe that 's just an old habit . 
  doubt it . 
  iirc the queen sees abdication as shirking of duty , and one of her coronation radio broadcasts included her saying that she 'll devout her entire life to the position . 
  now i 'm picturing jean claude juncker 's face plastered on chingachook 's body . 
   no human being would want to kill other human beings naturally you have n't met many humans have you . 
  it 's a shame berlin ( all of europe really ) now has so many ugly post war buildings . 
  they 're so tall that their heads stick out of the water like periscopes . 
  hey , malta got an awesome looking medal for their ww2 service , show some respect . 
  japan 's situation is n't exactly ideal though . 
  they 'd probably put a gag on her and use a life sized doll model to do all the speeches . 
  her mother made it to 101 . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if she outlived one of her kids . 
  about as german as donald trump . 
  i can already picture his awkward smile , and i do n't like it, 
  except that exterminating polish people was his secondary goal , that 's why they were actively doing it throughout the occupation genius . 
  my german grandparents actually lived in danzig during the era , the disappearance and arrests of polish people ( regardless of religion ) is n't something that went unnoticed . 
  your choices were literally being exterminated and going extinct or getting occupied by communists . 
  yes it fucking sucks , but such is life for those living between 2 shitty great powers . 
  googling that quote lead me to axishistory forum , stormfront , some polish message board and the wikipedia page on ashkenazi jewish intelligence . 
  not sure this is very reliable . 
  that 's one sexy ship, 
  no it really would n't . 
  exterminating the slavs and colonising your lands for german settlers was pretty much the centre piece of hitler 's dream . 
  huh , weird that the germans show the american culture frankenstein with the kkk hood , you 'd think they 'd get along . 
  ah yes , if they had n't allied with the uk then germany would have cancelled all their invasion plans and withdrawn from czechoslovakia too , right ? 
  the complete opposite . 
  german tanks were puny little tractors , it was n't until 1943 that they finally started making the `` big cats '' and even those were prototypes that got rushed out too quickly ( almost all of the panther tanks delivered for the kursk offensive would literally catch fire when starting the engine . 
  tiger tanks had to be sent back to a factory to replace their gearbox because repairs could n't be done on the field . 
  the tank may look good on paper but it 's a useless hunk of metal if you want even get the engine started . ), 
  you are aware that poles , that is christian poles , were up there with the jews in hitler 's shit list ? 
  something something whataboutism, 
   a small island in its backyard one with a bigger population than canada and a bigger economy . 
  i know this sub has a hard on for hating the uk right now , but let 's not pretend it 's irrelevant to europe . 
  is it the fur or blood that sustains her ? 
  do you mean this as in the uk created the issue by starting the industrial revolution or the uk was the ones who discovered it was an issue ? 
  they beat baby seals to death with clubs , i do n't think canadians are as sensitive as we like to think they are . 
  huh , we 're allowed to negotiate this stuff before brexit takes effect ? 
  i was under the impression it was eu negotiations only and after we officially leave we can start talking to others . 
  this makes putin my favourite politician, 
  and putin decided to bring his dog along for a meeting with her once http://www.businessinsider.com/putin-merkel-meeting-dog-2017-7 albeit it 's a cute little lab as opposed to fighting dog it also appears that putin dissed bush 's scottish terrier once http://www.businessinsider.com/george-bush-vladimir-putin-dog-2014-4, 
  iirc the number of english descendants in america is underrepresented due to `` american '' being added to the census , and most people whose family immigrated there before 1776 tick that . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was one president that could write both in greek and latin , with both hands , at the same time . 
  trump visits spain , proceeds to make a speech in fluent basque, 
   non-men cant they just say `` women '' ? 
  look at his flair  worst troll of europe, 
  earthquake was an inside job clearly, 
  canada is already neighbours with the usa and had their own massive navy ( iirc they were the 3rd largest navy in the world after japan surrendered ) . 
  well , there was that time in 1853 where the british army executed indian rebels literally attaching them to a cannon and let rip . 
  iirc the b52 is also expected to serve up until the 2040s , making it nearly 100 years old by the time it retires . 
  we refuse to sell it until you all start spelling it correctly . 
  half their country got to experience a `` socialist paradise '' and these idiots still manage to exist in large numbers . 
  have they talked to anyone who lived in the ddr ? 
  * soviet satellites, 
   failed to liberate themselves thats a pretty half assed excuse . 
  a bit like saying `` oh well the jews should have rebelled more if they did n't wan na get gassed '', 
  i heard he had like 30 god damn dicks, 
  [ continentals need to be clarified on this stuff . 
  british satire is * really * subtle . 
  ] ( http://www.the7eye.org.il/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/10487300_790359014329388_4499807501380660476_n1.jpg ), 
  it was n't the british empire in the 1500s . 
  england and scotland were still separate countries then ( we united in 1707 ) . 
  ireland was mostly controlled by the english up until then , with scottish planters coming to ireland in the early 1600s when king james of scotland inherited the english throne . 
   ancient roman ruins discovered in barbarous germania, 
   kingconstantinexii hmmm ... something 's fishy, 
  . . supermarket comment ? 
  [ the welsh are pretty tough fighters tho . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_rorke%27s_drift ) got ta defend my celt bros, 
  that 's france 's job . 
  yeah , but if 1 member does n't recognize you then you do n't get into the eu . 
  unless spain leaves the eu first , catalonia is boned . 
  it 's really quite easy for the sovereign nation to financially starve it 's own regions , you ca n't just create a new country and set up all the systems and bureaucracy overnight , brexit is a mess and we are n't even leaving a country !, 
  not to mention , not having recognition would cut you off from any trade with neighbors , and spain would veto any attempt at joining the eu ( if the eu even agreed to treating catalonia as independent , which it probably would n't because spain is a member ) . 
  it would n't want to piss off spain due to brexit negotiations . 
   are failing with north korea how so ? 
  even china barely tolerates them , i doubt beijing sees them as a great ally , a pawn at best and a barrier between american military bases in s.korea and china . 
  probably not . 
  i imagine spain could starve them of government money and they 'd be forced to give up . 
  yeah no shit history exists , it 's also history and not the present . 
  the usa is japan 's closest ally now even though the usa nuked them years ago . 
  you think the capitalist and imperialist powers of western europe wanted communist china to exist and that it was the evil usa forcing them to follow it 's lead ? 
  the us began normalising relations with china under nixon ffs , the soviet union still existed when the people 's republic of china was recognised by the usa . 
   americans ca n't even tell what a european is until they hear the accent uh ... how else are they supposed to notice ?
