  but they 're not nuclear powered carriers ( the french charles de gaulle is iirc ), 
  hah as if socialists hate the eu , it 's a trading bloc not the internationale convention . 
  the eu is one of the pinnacles of capitalism . 
  since someone posted the french one i decided to google for the brit version and post it here . 
  there 's one for pretty much every country btw . 
  that applies for the balkan slavs , but like you said yourself : a scottish person speaking english sounds different from a englishman , hell even a rural englishman is different from a londoner , and these differences do exist ( that 's why we are separate nations and not 1 big european nation ) scots voted to remain in the eu , england voted out . 
  these are 2 countries that have been united for 300 years and you still get these differences that lead to people wanting to leave said union . 
  it 's poking fun at the people from places like the_donald who think europe is now a caliphate, 
  since someone posted the french one i decided to google for the brit version and post it here . 
  there 's one for pretty much every country btw . 
  british nukes are deployed via submarine iirc . 
  he 's not being serious, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  joining the eu means joining the euro now , and that 's gon na be really hard to sell to the british public . 
  even in scotland , the most pro eu country in the uk , we are n't super pro-euro ( might change in the future , but as of now ... ) we could pull a tricky stunt like sweden and just not meet the requirements , but i imagine the eu is gon na start cracking down on that soon . 
  it varies from person to person imo . 
  i live in brazil for a while now and i was born in nyc , but i can still see a very stark difference between european countries ( and within those countries themselves ) . 
  albeit i have a german mum and scottish dad so i 'm aware of these cultural differences given that i was brought up by 2 different ones . 
  a disgusting rumor spread by monarchists , so much so that it 's still generally accepted among the modern french public who live in a republic . 
  `` the terror '' doesnt mean `` the golden era of incorruptible courts and civilised justice '' . 
  tell me , was danton a monarchist ? 
   they are the ones who prevent reunification so ? 
  they do n't want it so it does n't happen . 
  you ca n't deport people for disagreeing with you , monsieur stalin ( albeit your username is that of a guy who decapitated everyone who disagreed with him ) . 
  ever heard of basic human rights ? 
   we get rid of the english in a century they 're not english , you can call them northern irish , irish , ulstermen , ulster-scots , but they 're not the same people as the english . 
  like i said , they 've been there for 400 years . 
  will we refer to canadians as english or americans as english ? 
   which other country that reminds me of your own ? 
  germany ? 
  the usa ? 
  australia ? 
  it 's the 21st century , civilised people wo n't be having religious war any time soon . 
  the ira are more nationalist than religious . 
  not really , india was another huge source but they 're not that much closer . 
  besides , `` closer '' does n't always mean easier to each in the age of sail . 
  wind and ocean currents sometimes take longer paths but ultimately they 're more efficient and make for quicker journeys to certain places . 
  common culture ? 
  there 's the issue , there is n't a common european culture ; we can have similar values but there are still big differences that will pop up in a union . 
  if the uk , a union with only 4 countries and 65 million people , that 's been around for 300 years can barely keep scotland satisfied , how will the eu keep 27 countries with 500 million people happy ? 
  scotland feels marginalised and overshadowed because england 's population is so much bigger than ours , how would a small country like latvia stand up to germany ? 
  sure we could go for the `` everyone gets a veto approach '' but if you look at poland-lithuania in the 1700s , it 's evident that ca n't work and is far too easy to exploit . 
  he was president back then , probably would n't want one of america 's closest allies becoming weaker by losing half of its island and having to rebuild a new nuclear submarine base ( plus weakening our position on the north sea ) . 
  given the size of the netherlands , i think the military limitation is pretty understandable, 
  yeah that 's the same excuse we use for india and africa , but nobody is buying that shit, 
  but it was an invasion with a very sympathetic population and a half assed resistance . 
  bunch of officers defected to william and pretty much nobody had any real desire to fight for the catholic king that ran away ( the jacobites were a thing , but even here in scotland they failed to gather enough support ) . 
  spices man , got ta enrich that bland northern european food somehow, 
  i think y' all overestimate how enthusiastic everyone in the continent is for a eu military http://i.imgur.com/izr9tih.jpg, 
  it '' s probably the amount of money they spend on research and development that consumes all that cash . 
  just look at how expensive the f35 has been . 
  will neutral countries like sweden , ireland and austria want a single eu army though ? 
  oh ffs this post is so ridiculous . 
  hugo boss did not design the uniforms !, 
  they only manufactured them !, 
  gosh , you people with your historical inaccuracies . 
  got ta ride something after the germans stole all the bikes, 
  64 % iirc , but that 's not counting hispanics ( which can range from purely european to purely native american ) . 
  i 'm sad to say the haggis is gon na follow the mcrib soon . 
  the government made hunting them illegal but poachers keep doing it to feed the tourists : /, 
  mcdonalds is the most scottish food establishment of all , just look at that name and those incredibly unhealthy foods that shorten your lifespan by a year whenever you eat it . 
  we invented the deep fried mars bar after all !, 
  well tbf , the shelf says `` americas '' , so it should include stuff from south america as well . 
  argentine beef is the best in the world imo . 
   americas  does n't include south american stuff i cry errytiem, 
  that 's cool for you and all , but given that you 're not the irish government or the british government then i see do n't how your `` doctrine '' is relevant to ireland and the people living there . 
  you also did n't answer the question , why do they have to go ? 
  most irish people want reunification , it 's in the name , they do n't say `` reconquest !, 
  deport the invaders ! '', 
  i love how the 2 comments here are other countries demanding the return of it, 
   they have to go one way or an other * have * to ? 
  why ? 
  you 're not even irish , you have 0 connection to the place and its internal issues . 
  either way , they do n't * have * to go anywhere . 
  gee why did n't they think of that before . 
  i think this sub overestimates how pro federation most of europe really is right now . 
  a loose union like the current one is obviously fine , but actually becoming a single country ? 
  the uk only has 4 members and we 're barely keeping it together , now imagine 27 members and 500 million people , each with their own very unique cultures . 
  scotland feels overshadowed and marginalised due to our small population in a union of only 65 million people , now imagine that with 500 million . 
  ah yes , the world famous canadian military industrial complex, 
  a ) what does this have to do with skirts in a school b ) you 're gon na be disappointed if you think the uk has the only backward government . 
  the hungarian government with their soros conspiracy shit , the czech president joking about liquidating journalists , romanian government with their corruption law attempts , etc. 
   which basically means all data will be recorded you 're naive if you think this is n't already being done by everyone who can do it . 
  yes , but labour has been . 
  corbyn is n't a one man party whose gon na rule on his own . 
  you think the telegraph is clickbait bs but the guardian is okay ? 
  seriously ? 
  kyoto is pretty great i 'm not a weaboo i swear, 
  what, 
  true , and most americans are anti saudi arabia but the american government loves them . 
  iirc ben franklin was already complaining about german immigrants way back then , also annoyed at the drowning out of anglo saxon culture . 
  uh , what ? 
  you started this conversation saying the northern irish are `` foreigners '' , this is n't something discussion about `` stronk conquer weak ! '', 
  or divide and conquer . 
  you claim the northern irish are `` foreigners '' and that the land needs to be taken back from them . 
  i pointed out that they 've been living there for 400 years and just because their ancestors were colonists does n't somehow make them foreigners in their own home and that they should n't be forced out of their land . 
  the entirety of the new world is made up of ex-colony nations and all of the non native population arrived to the continents the same way the northern irish arrived to ireland . 
  if you think the northern irish do n't belong in their own homeland then everyone from argentina to canada is also `` illegitimate '' . 
  you think theresa may is gon na convince the public ? 
  rags like the daily mail and sun will latch onto this story and parade it around the islands like mad .
