  thanks for the reply !, 
  except they 've been living there for 400 years now . 
  expelling the northern irish from ireland makes about as much sense as expelling the quebecois from quebec and sending them all back to france , or sending all white latinos back to portugal and spain . 
  as if . 
  no politician is willing to risk being lynched for accepting this . 
  forgive my ignorance , but what is this building called ? 
  greece was also hated during the peak of the economic crisis . 
  plenty of `` lazy ungrateful greeks '' cartoons popped up . 
  yes he killed himself in the 1954 , when only 9 years before the germans were still putting people inside ovens . 
  if you 're going to give the uk shit for how we treated gay people in the 1950s you 'll be disappointed to hear that the it was the norm and not backward by the standards of the time . 
  besides , in 2017 we introduced the alan turing law which pardoned all men like him who were charged with homosexuality , meanwhile hungary elected orban who is openly against same sex marriage . 
  if you 're gon na give us shit for homophobia then you best look under your own shoe . 
   more nobel prize winners per capita https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_nobel_laureates_per_capita hmmm at least you have more oscar and olympic medal winners right ? 
  but did n't you just dismiss us for only having `` glossy pop singers and reality tv stars '' ? 
  i guess you do n't like actors so why be proud in having more oscars ? 
  besides , is there any hungarian actor as iconic as christopher lee , patrick stewart , sir ian mckellen , idris elba , benedict cumberbatch , alec guinness , sean connery , kate winslet , gary oldman , sean bean , etc. ? 
  or any director as famous as hitchcock , christopher nolan , ridley scott , etc. ? 
   well we have brains to be drained , unlike in the uk . 
  we have no brains to drain , and we only teach talented foreigners our skills ? 
  why do these talented foreigners come here to learn from us then ? 
  besides , like i pointed out before you are typing all of this in english , on the world wide web , on a computer . 
  and since we are discussing brain power and contributions to science : ever heard of alan turing ? 
  tim berners lee ? 
  stephen hawking ? 
  are you vaccinated by the way ? 
  thank edward jenner . 
  live in a capitalist society ? 
  adam smith boy . 
  live in an industrialised country ? 
  well , guess where the industrial revolution began . 
  use antibiotics ? 
  thank alexander fleming . 
  i could go on . 
   look at all the terror attacks they suffer . 
  never in scotland we have a much smaller muslim population too , wonder if there 's a correlation . 
  besides , what does terrorism have to do with independence ? 
  france is independent but that is n't exactly making their terrorist problem go away is it . 
   i was just shitposting https://m.imgur.com/gallery/n8umjwj, 
  oh no , i do n't think anyone should be denied opportunities based on their race , as long as you assimilate into british culture i could n't care less if you 're brown or black or whatever . 
  my only issue is when people come here expecting us to change in order to accommodate them , when it should be them who change in order to assimilate into society . 
  they chose to come here and if they want to feel like a part of our community then they should act like a part of the community ; it 's generally accepted that if a british guy migrated to india and demanded everyone speak english and respect the queen he 'd be seen as an ass , and rightfully so , the same should apply for migrants here in the uk : they ca n't tell us to respect their prophet and change our laws to accommodate theirs when they 're the guests here . 
  yeah nah , turkey is hated more than either of those, 
  white man 's burden is from a poem that criticises the brutality of colonialism . 
  it was misinterpreted as being in favour of it . 
  maybe the protestant irish , but the catholics were pretty much serfs . 
  yeah but literally everyone in the planet did that , we ( western europe ) just happened to be better than the rest . 
  islam and arabic culture were spread by violent conquest but now they 're a sacred , protected minority and god forbid you criticise them for it - but the evil british or spanish ? 
  ah yeah fuck them for their violent conquests and spreading their cultures ( at least australia , canada , nz , argentina and chile are developed countries with good standards of living , democracies , freedom and that do n't stone women for adultery , practice fgm or throw gay people off buildings ) . 
  we will on the same day that mongolia apologises to the entire eurasian continent , or s.arabia to the non muslim communities in the me . 
  or y' know , we could address multiple issues from multiple groups just because chavs are low iq trash does n't mean we should invite more low iq trash from elsewhere just so that we can have a diverse array of trash . 
   what cultural mix has to do with terrorism ? 
  look at ireland only a few years ago . 
  protestant british and catholic irish clash and bombs go off from both sides . 
   isolationism is cultural suicide icelandic culture looks pretty rich and vibrant and they 're pretty damn isolated ( and their entire population could fit inside a big sports stadium ) . 
  iirc most britons are still descendants from the original neolithic settlers that came here 12000 years ago . 
  the saxon footprint is pretty faint . 
  being an island obviously plays a role in this . 
  well you ca n't deny that sweden and germany have more in common than sweden and somalia . 
  hungarian taking the moral high ground in this and acting as if your country is way better , this is fucking rich . 
   lot of your people would ban abortion , gay marriage and interracial relationship your people elected orban , didnt he restrict marriages to hetero couples only in 2012 ? 
  http://hungarytoday.hu/news/pm-orban-rules-gay-marriage-embraces-traditional-values-interview-70842 and did n't he build a fence to keep foreigners out ? 
  he 's right to do so , the eu should thank hungary for actually protecting the eu 's external borders . 
   majority of your population do n't read books and your country is suffering from a brain drain whereas ours has universities like oxford , cambridge , imperial , lse , st andrews , etc. 
  that attract students from abroad every semester . 
  you typed this comment in english , on a computer , on the world wide web ( all british and american inventions ) ffs . 
   maybe you are an american , in which case you are more clogged with shit more like clogged with talent as more and more foreigners desperately want to attend american universities and work at silicon valley or wall street . 
  meanwhile hungary has a lower hdi than a latin american country and a lower gdp per capita than even the poorest american states . 
  also , your corruption index is worse than ours https://www.transparency.org/news/feature/corruption_perceptions_index_2016, 
  british culture is the cultures that have been in these islands for hundreds of years and that built these/this country . 
  yeah we have a history of being invaded by foreigners and combining their culture into ours ( scotti from ireland , normans from france , danes from denmark , and of course the anglo saxons whose language we speak ) but they 're the ones who made these countries what they are today , their/our culture is what created british culture . 
  these new cultures that arrived recently are n't what created and lead to the english/scots/welsh / irish languages , magna carta , protestant reformation , bill of rights , etc. 
  with swiss bank accounts ? 
  ou yeah , the eu was made by the proletariat to keep the filthy elites in check , that 's why all the old school lefities love it so much . 
  it definitely ai n't working , if anything it has the opposite effect . 
  it 's propaganda for the far right , being delivered to them on a silver plate . 
  oh god yeah , the underage transgender stuff is really depressing . 
  we should n't be taking such drastic actions before kids can even drink or drive , if they want to do it when they 're over 18 then yeah fine they 're adults now , but until then they should be given therapy and allowed to really think it through rather than jumping into action . 
  well yeah , they 're fat and old , do n't expect them to see past 75 . 
  his comment was deleted , what did it say ? 
   poor countries in vicinity sweden , denmark , finland and iceland are poor ? 
  i imagine a lot of brits feel the same about the commonwealth tbh . 
  i did n't support brexit , still do n't , but i hope that at least we can improve our relations with australia , india , canada , new zealand , etc. 
   the french  all failed did n't napoleon create the batavia republic after occupying the netherlands ? 
  tbh that 's kinda depressing , understandable but still sad . 
  germany has plenty to be proud of that does n't involve prussian militarism ( but even within prussia you have kant , frederick the great who was a huge fan of the arts and philosophy , nietzsche , fritz haber , humboldt , etc. 
  not to mention the current american , and many others , public education system was copied off the prussian public education system . ), 
  i guess the uk is more reluctant given that the last times we entered wars to defend countries we ended up either losing 4 % of our male population or the empire . 
  checks and balances in the us are pretty effective , the president does n't have the amount of power people think he does . 
  not just world power , the world 's only superpower !, 
  this is just a return to to the 70s for northern ireland, 
  i disagree . 
  new york is safer these days and the new wtc is just as impressive as the last . 
  the only downgrade is the renting prices being ludicrous . 
  not in denmark , and sweden still does n't seem to keen on it, 
  if we 're gon na list european armies and their foreign corps then we ca n't forget the best of the best : the gurkhas !, 
  iirc the british indian army was the largest volunteer army in history , or at least one the largest . 
  what 's this , a unicorn ? 
   coming soon god i hope not, 
  new york city disagrees . 
  * mortal kombat music turns on *,
