  half the population wo n't cooperate and the government , which the rest of the world sees as the legitimate government over you , wo n't cooperate either . 
   also if you have to bring up america then `` everyone could come to america and live there without any restrictions all of a sudden '' was exactly how the modern us started . 
  and rome started with romulus inviting the scum of italy to join , and then kidnapping women from other tribes . 
  i do n't think italians would want that immigration policy purely because that 's how it started . 
  england was created by invading saxons , france was created by invading franks , etc. 
  just because a country started in certain fashion does n't mean we should keep it that way . 
   when has conservatives ever succeeded ? 
  conservatives ( or at least not all ) do n't want society to remain static , they just oppose certain changes or extreme rapid changes . 
  just like wmds in iraq amirite hahaha oh now i 'm sad . 
  i mean , the british navy was in a bit of shitty state at the time , if one of our carriers had been sunk ( very real danger ) then we would have lost . 
  my anecdotal evidence is n't gon na be worth much since my family is made up of scot/anglo-argentines ( my grandad spent ww2 as a cattle rancher in argentina , my dad spent high school living in argentina , grandmother was born in argentina to english parents ) which means we 're a `` bit '' biased and more friendly to argentines . 
  but , in my experience nobody really * hates * argentina , its that people get gung ho over the falklands because it 's one of the few moments post ww2 where the british army managed to shine and do something impressive and have the moral high ground for once ( defending your own sovereignty and citizens , as opposed to torturing kenyan insurgents in a colony ) . 
  plus the uk was in a bit of a shitty mood at the time ( see : winter of discontent , `` sick man of europe '' , etc. ), 
  so actually winning at something was one of the brighter parts of that time period . 
   judging by your username your indian * you 're indian and why would that matter ? 
  what does the falklands have to do with brexit though ? 
  it 's a case of british citizens having their home invaded , nothing to do with brexit . 
  also , they are populated by brits . 
  sorry lad , but annexing people who do n't want to be part of your country is looked down upon these days . 
  the queen 's guards play that one for the saudis when they visit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-cc_djbkz4, 
  he nicknamed his penis jumbo and would constantly brag about lbj was n't exactly `` stylish '', 
  but he was actually effective at it . 
   it is infuriating to see people who are n't even from there to oppose to it . 
  except in scotland 's case we did have a vote and `` no '' won by 55 % . 
  albeit non citizens were allowed to vote , which did infuriate me . 
  if you are n't a citizen of a country you should n't be allowed to make such drastic and long lasting decisions ; if i moved to spain i would n't even dream of taking part in politics there unless i became a naturalized citizen . 
  you would be considered a part of spain . 
  o rly they said the same to scotland before too . 
  anyone who expected otherwise needs to pay more attention to the news . 
  well , we all know the old saying : freedom ai n't free, 
  except that the n1 rocket was incredibly unreliable and the russians did n't even have the will or cash to go to the moon anyhow . 
  the usa hyped up the moon but the soviets were n't even racing to put a man there , they were assembling a space station at the time and had already landed rovers on the moon previously . 
  jokes on you , the enterprise is already a spaceship !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/space_shuttle_enterprise edit : oh nvm :( this one never went to space, 
  maybe . 
  but it 's not as if germans have a genetic trait that makes them better rocketeers , russia 's leading rocket scientist was a russian not a german , and it 's very likely america could find similar talent ( and the money ) in the usa itself . 
  yes but foreign policy will still have to be controlled by the eu , and like i said : is the rest of europe going to be interested in someone else 's affairs ? 
  will they see eye on to eye on how to treat other countries ? 
  star trek is n't cool anymore ? 
  if it ever was :(, 
  the italians had jets by the 1930s and the uk deployed the gloster meteor in ww2 , the me-262 was the first in combat service yes but it was n't some ultra futuristic thing that only germany had . 
  the usa did n't deploy jets in ww2 because we simply did not need them , the usaaf and raf had already annihilated the luftwaffe by 1943 . 
  yes von braun was leading the saturn v project , but it 's not like nasa employed a few thousand people just to get him coffee . 
  the computers , lem , cem , piloting , etc. 
  were all done by americans . 
  bae 's american subsidiary is already developing the american navy 's railgun . 
  i definitely expect more uk-us cooperation than uk-eu coop , especially due to brexit . 
  except that american military equipment is probably the best in the world . 
  china stole lockheed designs for a reason . 
  the f22 is an air superiority jet , the f35 is multirole, 
  imo the f22 and yf-23 ( f22 's aborted brother ) are the sexiest aircraft ever f15 gets honorary mention too . 
  nothing will beat the american spaceship , which will obviously have to be named the uss enterprise . 
  european countries are separate for a reason . 
  if the uk can barely keep itself together with only 4 countries that share a lot in common ( a lot more than france and germany have in common ) , what makes you think 28 will work ? 
  different people have different values and ideas on how the world should be . 
  will the rest of the eu be enthusiastic about fiddling with french africa ? 
  would poland and the baltics want to be friendly ot cooperative with russia , like germany tries to be ? 
  you have dishonoured your family , and yourself harakiri is the only way out now . 
  you can focus on the germans bit , but i also mentioned that south americans are n't flooding europe just because their countries have issues . 
  i live here too and i can tell you that first hand . 
  they 're worsening ours by not assimilating into the culture that built said first world country , instead they insist on importing their own shitty culture which is famous for treating women like cattle and worshipping a pedophile , slaver , warlord . 
  they harass jews ( why do you think so many are leaving ? 
  ) , women , muslims that they disagree with ( ahmadi ) , our policemen , they insist that everything that does n't bend itself backward to suit them is racist and evil ( but ofc they would never have to bend backwards to accommodate * us * , the fucking natives ) , etc. 
  i do n't want to have western culture , which built the modern world ( vaccines , anti biotics , aircraft , computers , the internet , automobiles , etc. 
  all made by westerners ) , be eroded by a bunch of third world inbreds who ca n't stop screaming about how there is no god but god . 
  no , they should n't leave them without going through the normal immigration process . 
  the world does n't work that way , people ca n't just fuck off from their country and leech off ours . 
  germans did n't abandon germany after ww2 even though it was a pile of rubble and ash , same for the japanese , south koreans , dutch , etc. 
  south americans also have issued with poverty , corrupt government , crime , etc. 
  and they 're not flocking to europe either . 
  they can improve their own countries instead of worsening ours . 
  if england still exists then it wo n't be too hard to connect the dots on that one . 
  i think it would end up like irish in ireland : the method of teaching sucks , kids end up hating it because of that , everyone ends up using english at the end . 
   austrian emperor cackling from the grave, 
   european language of the future plz no i like linguistic diversity, 
  iirc the uk already shares it 's armour design and makeup with the usa , and both the uk and usa use german cannons for our mbts , so sharing secrets with the us on military matters is already a thing . 
  the o zone hole allowed the uv radiation to mutate them and give them super powers ? 
  they posses anglo-celtic exceptionalism ? 
  nobody wants to go to australia because of the wildlife and bogans ? 
  they actually turn away boats and enforce a harsh but effective policy ? 
  i 'll go with the uv rays superpower theory . 
  they already are entering illegally . 
  how many of them do you think are actual syrians and not just bangladeshis , pakistanis , etc. 
  taking advantage of the situation ? 
   you ca n't stop the immigrants from coming in tell that to australia . 
  and japan . 
  and south korea . 
  really anyone who does n't give a shit about political correctness . 
  london and birmingham are very mixed yes , but the rest of england ? 
  still very `` white '' . 
  same applies for the rest of the british and irish isles ; scotland , wales and ireland ( both ) are all 90 % + white . 
  jesus christ we need to start airdropping condoms and sex educators on africa asap, 
   becoming japan 2.0 oh lawdy deflation now would just be the cherry on top . 
  at least we 'd get to have a decent automobile and robotics manufacturing industry , and a civilised population who keep their cities clean and safe . 
  it 's actually not surprising . 
  the common man really does not like big banks and corporations , which are a ( understandable ) boogeyman for generations now . 
  why do all germans seem to hate berlin ? 
  scottish ? 
  as in scots gaelic ( celtic language ) or scots ( germanic , pretty much an english dialect these days ) ? 
  it already has its own ex industrial areas . .
