  theyre manufactured there because it 's cheaper , not because those silly dumb americans need superior asians to instruct them on assembling their own products . 
   there is nothing american about taiwanese , indian and french citizens designing products oh but there is , because these people choose to become american and they probably studied in american universities that offer them the resources to make these inventions . 
  ever heard of mit ? 
  stanford ? 
  harvard ? 
  berkeley ? 
  princeton ? 
  theyre based in silicon valley for more than just tax reasons , they have a massive pool of brainpower to draw from there . 
  are you pissed off that the usa is a brain magnet or something ? 
   the rest is made in bavaria , leipzig , munich , regensburg and spartanburg . 
  bavaria is a city now ? 
  also . . spartanburg ? 
  the american city in south carolina ? 
  yeah , that 's their biggest factory , in the world . 
  http://www.autonews.com/article/20140328/oem01/140329866/bmws-spartanburg-plant-will-be-companys-biggest oh but you do care , these talented people wanted to become american and i shall treat them as such , because they are now americans . 
  the entire usa is one big immigrant pool , you could call george washington british because he served in the british army , but nobody does that and he himself would likely call himself an american first . 
  i imagine these ceo 's and inventors would do the same , after all they chose to remain in the usa rather than returning to their birthplace . 
   american companies have little/no products that we use hah . 
  hahaha . 
  no american products ? 
  are you a hermit , cuban or north korean ? 
  did you type that on an iphone , an android , a windows desktop or an imac ? 
  on an american website . 
  using an american browser im guessing ? 
  and probably using american google to find other websites . 
  on the internet ( an invention by the american military ) , on a computer using either an intel or amd processor i 'm guessing ? 
  probably using a mouse too , another american invention . 
  do you wear levi jeans too ? 
  nike shoes ? 
  watched which movies recently ? 
  did you buy anything from amazon.com recently ? 
  how many coca cola machines and cans have you seen today ? 
  any of your friends use facebook ? 
   are so massively international that they can hardly be called american oh please , just admit that you are desperately trying to distance the usa from its own creations because you obviously do n't like the usa but also ca n't live without its influence . 
  are we going to start claiming that volkswagen , mercedes and bmw are n't german because they manufacture abroad ? 
  hell , volkswagen exists today because the british helped to resurrect it , but it 's still a german company at its core . 
  torvalds is a naturalized american now and currently lives in the usa . 
  softwares can be products ; photoshop , windows , anti viruses , etc. 
  are all sold as such . 
  so what if they manufacture in asia ? 
  the engineers and programmers that design them are based in the usa ( like you said , in silicon valley . ), 
  are we going to credit china with inventing the microprocessor now just because they manufacture it ? 
  no , we do n't . 
  is bmw an american car company ? 
  ( hint : it is n't ) they manufacture a lot of their stuff in the usa after all . 
  microsoft 's ceo is indian , so what ? 
  the company is still american . 
  have you heard of this individual named bill gates ? 
  this indian ceo of microsoft is also an american citizen now btw . 
  oh look at that , nvidia 's ceo is also an american citizen !, 
  on a similar note ; germans and dutch were the same thing in the german language , up until the 1500-1600s, 
  the only reason austria is n't a part of germany is due to 19th century politics between prussia and austria . 
  yes , and then hungary built a fence and everyone went ape shit at them for it . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't ? 
  the stasi , getting shot for trying to leave ... 
  your own country , norway , is capitalist and it has universal healthcare , good social housing , without having to murder and spy on its people . 
  . . other than ireland , which wars are you referring to ? 
  if you 're gon na mention the jacobites , they had more to do with secterianism than nationalism . 
  agreed . 
  the independent is raising a ruckus over nothing . 
  ofc they 'd remove the uk from a eu map , that 's what brexit was all about . 
  such a shame it became a clickbait tabloid now . 
  but american products * are n't * crap . 
  intel , nvidia , amd , ~ ~ logitech ~ ~ , ~ ~ asus ~ ~ , microsoft , apple , etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure ~ ~ linux ~ ~ is american made too . 
  edit : wrong about 3 . 
  but the point about american products still stands , their computer hardware and software is excellent . 
   farage `` germans are incompetent and will fail '' . 
  source for that quote ? 
  i do n't like farage , but considering that he married a german and his children are german citizens by default , i somehow doubt he said that quote in particular . 
  is that brit the living embodiment of the government ? 
  well hey , if japan and norway do it and they have some of the world 's highest hdis then there obviously is a correlation !, 
  get the harpoons !, 
  does russia 's stretch back into the soviet union era ? 
  i imagine kazakhstan would have some gnarly summers, 
  we 're america junior ? 
  but . . we 're the father !, 
  uuh ... what ? 
  where did i `` worship aryan culture '' ? 
  its a fact that sweden and germany are germanic cultures , i never said they were superior because of it . 
  do n't try and pretend european countries have nothing to do with africa 's current situation . 
  britain , france and belgium are just as guilty . 
  imperial britain , nazi germany , imperial japan and the soviet union are still on that list . 
   they pioneered air travel would n't that be the usa ( wright brothers ) , france ( hot air balloon ) and brazil ( santos dummont ) ? 
  the one that france played a huge role in toppling ? 
  the troops that burned washington were actually british soldiers that fought in spain previously . 
  is n't that what the commonwealth was meant to be ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we still have prime minister 's conferences between the uk , canada , australia , new zealand ( i think south africa used to be part of it ) . 
  true , but if that had happened the usa might not have become the current juggernaut it is today . 
  louisiana would have to be won by conquest rather than purchase , and that might have proven a bit difficult . 
  and if this british empire did manage to establish modern american borders , i doubt said colony would want to remain a colony . 
  thomas paine said something along the lines of `` how can an island rule a continent ? '', 
  independence would be inevitable . 
   not in the hood or in gangland . 
   the bronx bruh, 
   yes and most germans would be happy when you finally leave and go home . 
  germany could kick them out anytime , if it has n't yet then its for a good reason ... 
   people in america can not afford to live without credit  that applies for the vast majority of the first world ... 
  beggars do n't choose , they say thank you for anything they get . 
   honestly us did far more damage to the world than any country in history .
