  fyi if you 're seeing this on your phone , opening it on the browser as opposed to reddit app is better . 
  the descriptions arent appearing on the app for some reason . 
  yeah , something like 90 % of british casualties at sea were from disease . 
  the west indies in particular were extremely deadly . 
  not allowing dual irish-british citizenship would piss off both sides in northern ireland . 
  well if you 're eligible for it , why not ? 
  ireland chooses who gets to be a citizen and they chose this criteria . 
  i got american , british and german . 
  eligible for argentine too . 
  it 's pretty fun . 
  this is r/europe , not r/eu you half wit . 
  are swiss , norwegian , serbian , bosnian , russian , ukrainian and icelandic users banned now ? 
  you 'd get fired for sleeping for 2 fucking hours at work . 
  a 10 minute snooze or daydream is inevitable , but taking a nap in the middle of work time is unthinkable, 
  well , prussia did establish the first public education system in modern europe . 
  the american school system is actually based on the prussians . 
  iirc the napoleonic wars screwed up french demographics pretty badly . 
  26 years of war ( and the lack of food during the chaos of revolution and war ) meant a lot of people died or could n't afford to have any kids , plus all the men dying in battle . 
  * england we did n't get conquered by french speakers like you flimsy sassenachs pfft , ca n't fight a couple of fromage-vikings . 
  i actually have a norman surname though , so i guess i should n't be talking shit, 
  iirc the napoleonic wars screwed up french demographics pretty badly . 
  26 years of war ( and the lack of food during the chaos of revolution and war ) meant a lot of people died or could n't afford to have any kids , plus all the men dying in battle . 
  france had the world 's biggest and best equipped military at the start of ww2 . 
  they lost because of their commanders being such fuck ups and lacking the will to fight ( given that 4 % of the population died in ww1 ), 
  post imperial delusion ? 
  see : the uk right now russia as well, 
  wales forgotten once more, 
  fun fact : the french pm in 1956 proposed a british-french union , but our pm turned it down . 
  i do n't think either country would have liked it anyway . 
  that 'd be a dick move to poland . 
  thank god you 're not an important person within the eu . 
  yeah that james ~ ~ vi ~ ~ i was a real cunt huh , fucking english bastards #  .  < . <, 
  and what would that be ? 
  did all 65 million of us fuck your mother and wife or something ? 
  stabbed your dog ? 
  shat on your lawn ? 
   tfw you ruin a 300 year old union and turn your country into a laughing stock, 
  huh ? 
   refugee quota system does macron want to make the rest of europe hate him and france ? 
  poland , hungary , etc. 
  will flip shit , and rightfully so, 
  yep . 
  iirc they even existed in canada , the usa and australia at one point . 
  the scotland branch is probably the second biggest after ni , much to the dismay of us normal people . 
  well yeah but they all seem to be over 60 ( at least in glasgow ) so they 're gon na be dead by the time it happens, 
   uk should use the euro i can hear the triggering going on at the lse from across the atlantic, 
   it basically removed the monetary policy from politicians that used it to devaluate the currency yeah that worked out for greece . 
  well tbf you should have gotten a proper succession system before diocletian , stopped debasing the currency , not pay the army bonuses that keep getting bigger and bigger , and the lead piping probably did n't help . 
  but yeah , this `` islam is so innocent why ca n't evil racist secularists like it ? '', 
  trend is such bullshit . 
  yeah , had a pretty good leader too https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pedro_ii_of_brazil overthrown in a military coup , he did n't even bother fighting back because he wanted to retire . 
  oh ffs man i try to defend the english in this sub but people like you make it really hard . 
  it 'll probably be the same situation as east germany . 
  ireland will definitely take them in but they will have to bear a heavy burden for a few years . 
  ni rejoining ireland is inevitable , catholic birthrates are higher . 
  the uk government allows ni to call for a referendum and leave whenever they want , it 's just a matter of time and both parties accepted it . 
  do n't forget the uk . 
  what the fuck is this feminists used to burn bras and wear pants ( scandalous at the time ) , now they * want * to wear repressive clothing ? 
   pay for their treason xd treason ? 
  you people treat the eu like a cult . 
  and gibraltar voted 90 % + to remain british last time , it would be pretty tough to get a majority to become spanish `` ecksdee '', 
  `` the british army were morally repugnant for shooting civilians . 
  the ira are noble and brave for killing civilians . '', 
  55 % voted to remain british , likely will vote for it again . 
  yeah and uncle sam keeping his minions in line certainly had nothing to do with it, 
  protestants have been in ni since before the usa even existed . 
  they have just as much right to the land as anyone else . 
  we do if the two groups are constantly trying to murder each other . 
  duh no shit . 
  east germany did n't apply for eu membership , it was annexed by germany and became a part of the eu but default . 
  as is half of the world yes . 
  the other half will be china 's in the future . 
  that 's the new interpretation , but the intent of the original design was to represent the imperial family ( brazil was an empire until 1889 ), 
  i meant no offense , this is what i 'm referring to https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_ireland  presented as a gift in 1848 to thomas francis meagher from a small group of french women sympathetic to the irish cause , [, 
  emerald isle indeed, 
  veto power in the unsc , nukes , a world financial centre , excellent universities , excellent intelligence agencies , 2nd/3rd largest economy in europe and 5th/6th in the world . 
  it 's got to count for something ? 
  obviously brexit wont be good , but it 's not like the entire country will collapse overnight and suddenly stop existing . 
  i always knew it was real since ancient history has always been my jam , but i can see why someone would think it is n't real . 
  kinda like how heaven is n't literally in the clouds and you can wave to grandma & jesus from the airplane . 
   no taiwan flag  republic of china sobs in the corner, 
  yee but muh domestic design 5th gen spitfire when ? 
  and it smokes on purpose to simulate the cigarette . 
  french ( or dutch ? 
  which way are you meant to look at it from ? 
  ) , german , american and eu flags ? 
  god damn this jet has more nationalities than me . 
  why shetland in particular tho , caithness and orkney have ~ ~ copied denmark ~ ~ scandinavian flags too , and probably more humans . 
  grandad came from there ! ... 
  yes , his parents were first cousins . 
  fun fact : the green in the brazilian flag represents the house of bragan\u00e7a , the gold represents the habsburgs ( maria leopoldina ) . 
  the blue circle replaced the old imperial symbol when brazil became a republic . 
  did n't the french invent your flag ? 
  `` remove kebab from the premises '' still cracks me up, 
  the english beheaded charles and we got cromwell in exchange  :( not fun, 
  they did lose , the hindenburg line was broken and they were on the retreat everywhere . 
  are n't all celts non english ? 
  well we already kinda do british empire did good/impressive things ? 
  `` awh yah scotsmen in the administration , it was all us who made it work . '', 
  british empire committed atrocities ?
