  is a clusterfuck ( there 's like 7 tiers of british citizenship or something , for example ), 
  pakistan is part of the commonwealth , and for a while commonwealth ( ex british empire club basically ) citizens had special rights and privileges in the uk . 
  for example , if you 're canadian you can vote and hold public office in the uk without even applying for british citizenship , you only need to have residency in the uk . 
  `` stabbed in the back '' ? 
  you people are a bit melodramatic . 
  the uk voted to leave a trading bloc and political union , not to nuke mainland europe and send all eu immigrants to gas chambers . 
  banning people from entering the eu over opposing political views is n't really good pr . 
  become a kingdom i suppose . 
  what 's the letter above scotland ? 
  looks like a backwards s or a u, 
  1 dude on the internet says something and you take it as the uk 's official stance ? 
   countries rule other counties minor grip . 
  england does n't rule scotland ( in theory , i mean it kinda does by sheer population size and democracy ) , both countries voted to dissolve their own parliaments to form 1 kingdom of great britain . 
  the united kingdom actually refers to northern ireland and great britain . 
  both the kingdom of england and kingdom of scotland ceased to exist in 1707 and the new kingdom of great britain was formed as 1 country . 
  so if n.ireland left we 'd go back to just being `` kingdom of great britain '' , but if scotland leaves and n.ireland stays then they 're `` united kingdom of england and northern ireland '', 
  `` we drop our elected leader if you drop your elected leader '' does n't sound good for any side . 
  french guiana is french territory , just like any other region of france . 
  excuse me , but that middle-east meddling , saudi supporting , trading titan , government overthrowing , right wing country has absolutely nothing in common with the uk , especially the 19th century uk !, 
  is n't that kissinger 's quote ? 
  i do n't understand why the eu and uk ca n't have a good relationship like canada and the usa . 
  they even have nafta and all but without the supernational governing body . 
  reich does n't necessarily mean nazis though . 
  the first reich being karl 's ( at least i 'm pretty sure it was ) and second being the 1870-1918 one no ? 
  both of which were the superpowers in europe . 
   rallied behind brexiteers * eeeeeeh *, 
  accepting the euro might be a deal breaker for many . 
   200 years later  gib wilno  no, 
  tfw no auld alliance reference, 
  my surname comes from norman-french , so yay for french . 
  also , paris was pretty great in winter . 
  cozy but not `` i 'll die if i step outside '' cold . 
  charlemagne , louis the fourteenth , napoleon i and de gaulle are considered their greatest leaders ? 
  i think , its up to personal opinion i suppose . 
  the usa has more efficient ways of smothering opposition than an economic recession that hits them too . 
  they do n't , most do n't care . 
  the ones that want to break up the eu only care about `` duh mooslamics ! '', 
  if the eu had actual external borders they likely would n't even know the eu even existed . 
   refuse to admit the eu is great now , i am pro eu myself ( esa , erasmus , freedom of movement , all grand ) but refusing to admit that the eu is `` great '' is quite different from hating it and wanting it to collapse . 
  it 's retribution for giving the english french speaking kings, 
   get rid of orkney and shetland but that 's where my grandparents & co come from !, 
  they sprout from the holy ground like cabbages and all . 
  the fact that he 's belgian makes this even better, 
   73 upvotes  400 comments oooh hoohoo dis gun b gud, 
  i wish we had more of those 1940s narrators with their distinct accents . 
  same day orkney and shetland return to norway i wager, 
   who are all in this poland and hungary sure as shit ai n't, 
  but the swiss neutrality streak :(, 
  have you seen the graffiti in pompeii ? 
  humanity is the same as always, 
  is it alt right to realise that not all of europe is in the eu ? 
  iceland , norway , switzerland , russia , serbia , etc. 
  are european countries, 
   uk ( i do not know why ) because we too are a rainy island who somehow became rich i guess ? 
  oh man this thread is gon na get spicy, 
   juncker is a eurosceptic was lenin a capitalist ? 
   the verbal attacks of british politicians make us feel here in the eu maybe it 's because my time in south america has given me a tolerance for embarrassing diplomacy , but i do n't usually get offended on my politicians and governments behalf . 
  well , he is referencing a game . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  he talks about how great it was for europeans , whilst forgetting that other europeans were just as oppressed as the rest of the world . 
  india probably would n't become a super power if it was balkanised . 
  modern day india is a massive , nuclear , country that is growing every year , a century from now it will likely be one of the world 's biggest military and economic powers . 
  because the usa makes the best military aircraft i guess . 
  when their military budget is 1/3 of russia 's entire gdp , they better have something nice to offer, 
  brazil has an aircraft carrier too funnily enough . 
  tbf the only good thing the uk did for india that i can think of is uniting it into 1 ( india is incredibly diverse , tbh it 's probably what a unified eu would be like , with all the different languages and people ) , but other than that it 's just famine and mutilation for all . 
  hey hey hey , france took part in that one too, 
  i 'm sure the polish , croatian , serb , bosnian , finn , estonian , latvian , lithuanian , etc. 
  users really miss those days when they had influence huh, 
  but they did/are leaving it, 
  well yeah , those tribes evolved into something else many centuries ago . 
  modern danes are n't anything like the pagan vikings and the english are n't anything like the saxons either . 
  but does that somehow mean they should all get deported ? 
  the treatment of aboroginies in australia and canada was reprehensible , but nobody is telling australians to `` go back to britain '' . 
  who moved there 400 years ago yes claiming that those people do n't deserve to live there and that their settlement is `` illegitimate '' is as ridiculous as claiming that canada and the usa are illegitimate . 
  you ca n't deport every white person in the new world because other people were there first ( 500 years ago ) , you ca n't do it to the northern irish either . 
  both iirc . 
  angles , saxons and geats ( i think the geats come from sweden ? ), 
  all settled in england and scotland . 
  what is closest to modern english ? 
  got me wondering dutch still looks quite similar , but the pronunciation of things is very different . 
  oh no , germany is a paragon when it comes to apologizing for their past crimes . 
  i only brought up the herero and nama genocide because it 's usually overshadowed by the holocaust and pretty obscure outside germany . 
  and the slavs , catholic poles and orthodox or atheist russians were also on the kill list . 
  i 'm basing this off my german family members . 
  neither mum nor aunt knew about it , but its very likely the curriculum has changed since the 60s . 
  it 's not a wildly covered topic either way , wikipedia says the german government only apologized for it in 2004 and has ruled out financial compensation ( understandable ) . 
  no i did n't . 
  the point is , sammyedwards said that the british not knowing the term `` raj '' shows `` how little an average brit knows about the crimes committed by the empire . 
  you wo n't see an average german not know anything about the nazis . '', 
  i pointed out that your average german probably does n't know about the namibian genocide either . 
  the british education system does talk about the crimes of the empire ( or at least my gcse history course did , colonisation of australia and nigeria being the 2 studies we did ) , but we ca n't focus on every single area . 
  because it 's not a subject that 's talked about often . 
  damn , how could i forgot * the * korean !, 
  i 'm lucky to speak portuguese and english as mother languages ( parents taught me both as a baby ) so learning either germanic or romance languages isnt hard at all . 
  following that logic , spain , italy , greece , portugal , etc. 
  are n't white either . 
  tanned skin is common everywhere where there is sunshine . 
  and europe is a part of the world , a world that is super globalised . 
  like i said , if it 's not the usa then it will be china who everyone kowtows to .
