  you obviously have n't been to latin america , it 's that but amplified to 100 source : live in brazil for 17 years, 
  what 's wrong with london ? 
  maybe it 's because i 'm a big fan of big cities cause imo it 's one of the best cities in the world, 
  how so ? 
  explain to me what i 'm wrong about . 
  i say republic of ireland because we 're discussing the two irelands, 
  you are aware they can literally choose to initiate the process of leaving the uk any time they want right ? 
  same way every white person in the americas did , are we going to dismantle every country in the continent now and exile all the white people residing there ? 
  maybe return silesia and stettin to germany while we 're at it , and expel all turks from anatolia and give the land back to the greeks the people of northern ireland today have nothing to do with what happened 400 years ago , if we 're going to hold people accountable for the sins of their fathers then there would n't be an eu at all because everyone would still be lynching germans if israel and germany ( or france and germany , or poland and germany , or denmark and sweden , etc. ), 
  can have good relations and bury the hatchet why tf ca n't n.ireland and the republic of ireland ? 
  trump 's secretary of defense , mattis , is actually very pro nato and not at all cozy to russia . 
  he 's also quite popular amongst the us military so hopefully he 'll act as a voice of reason, 
   brits arguing for the scots to stay scots are brits too , and plenty of us are making the arguments to remain in the uk, 
  hey , it is scotland the brave after all * sobs in the corner with my eu flag and union jack *, 
  yeah because the people up north * do n't want to leave the uk * . 
  northern ireland can join the republic of ireland when they want , if they have n't done it yet then it 's because they do n't want it . 
  would scotland be the wife and the ex colonies the ( kidnapped and beaten ) children ? 
  maybe not europeans , but i laughed when i saw the `` i 'm 1/32 scottish and related to william wallace '' americans went apeshit over remain winning . 
  albeit i am a scottish-american myself which makes this somewhat awkward ... 1st generation though , my dad and his family are all scots and i have british citizenship . 
  i know i 'm going to be salty asf if we * leave * leaving the eu was a punch in the gut , leaving the uk will be like a punch to the balls followed by having my kneecaps smashed, 
  what were his feelings towards the uk might i ask ? 
  did he volunteer to fight or was it a result of conscription ? 
  i was under the impression `` british '' referred to britain the island and that ireland is seperate from it , hence why it 's the `` united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '', 
  you might be an ex pat who wants to return to your home country one day , maybe you had to move to take care of a family member overseas ( happened with some relatives who have family in australia ), 
   why should they not ? 
  same reason non american residents in the usa do n't vote in their elections ? 
  they 're affected by it too but that does n't mean non citizens get to vote , naturalised citizens are more than welcome to . 
  tbh i doubt the queen * wants * to rule at that age . 
  william of orange was queen anne 's husband but they did n't have kids iirc . 
  george i of hannover was the closest protestant relative to the stuarts but he was n't related to william of orange, 
  the uk is the uk because of scottish kings though . 
  james vi was born in edinburgh and queen anne was a stuart , the hanovers inherited the throne via their relation to the stuarts . 
  alex salmond said the monarchy question would be addressed later on , but we 'd keep old liz for the time being . 
  imo it does n't really make a difference , canada , australia , nz , etc are all perfectly fine as commonwealths, 
  i doubt the auld alliance is relevant these days given that everyone is in nato already . 
  that ginger guy is like the antithesis of a stereotypical turk, 
  why is norway so eurosceptic ? 
  huh , i had no idea scandinavia was so eurosceptic back then and england was pro eu ;(, 
  i did n't say it was , i said `` wanting the northern irish to join * another country * '' . 
  right , i forgot the rira never actually existed . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/omagh_bombing i 'm sure the rira were super enthusiastic british nationalists, 
  would you prefer to resort back to the ways of murdering civilians with car bombs and trying to terrorise another country into joining yours ? 
  people have a choice in the falklands too , if they do n't speak spanish it 's purely because they do n't want to , the government is n't jailing people for trying to learn it . 
  right , and i 'm sure you 're also the type who complains about ireland not speaking enough irish . 
  oh christ , are you seriously saying the people of the falklands have no right to self determination because your ass is still sore over ship building ? 
  you 're complaining about it being undemocratic while at the same time wanting the northern irish to join another country against their will ? 
  they 'll join if they want to , until then everyone else can fuck off, 
  why ? 
   do you seriously believe anything constructive happens on the internet ? 
  yes , youre kind are the only ones who keep derailing discussions . 
  `` 90 years ago we got screwed over so now everyone deserves to be screwed over '' sound logic there, 
  who did we oppress in the falklands ? 
  the native penguins ? 
  yeah who gives a shit about what the locals there think huh , let 's force them into a foreign country they do n't want to be part of, 
  i ca n't see them returning at all if it means adopting the euro, 
  i think he 's referring to junkcer, 
  right , because the spanish and french did n't do the same to their colonies . 
   do not under any circumstances issue ultimatums involving the city of gdansk  do not try and take back kaliningrad  lithuanians are no longer pagans and terrorising them on horseback will be met with a court martial, 
  living in brazil , i sympathise with your plight argentina and brazil could be incredibly rich and even powerful , but we cripple ourselves thanks to our culture accepting corruption, 
   pay taxes for decades  contributed to economy for longer than most millenials have been alive  might even have fought to defend the nation and defeat nazism  millenials say your vote should n't even be considered and you should n't get to decide on your nations future i 'm pro-eu and am absolutely butthurt over brexit , but ffs this whole `` fuck old people ! '', 
  sentiment is disgusting . 
  because you 're still a citizen of said country ? 
  citizens should be allowed to vote on their own nations affairs , the fact that foreigners can do it and natives ca n't is what 's ludicrous , what if they plan on returning ? 
  plenty of people have to move for work but would rather retire in their homeland, 
  it 's probably due to it being too hard to keep track of who 'd be scottish and who 'd be non scottish within the uk . 
  since the passport just says british ( or at least mine does ) theyd have to keep checking everyone 's birthplace down to the city or their parents/grandparents birthplace to make sure these people are scottish . 
  it 's a lot easier to just say `` if you live in scotland you can vote on it '', 
  scottish nationals abroad could not vote unless they had an address in scotland . 
  we here in latin america were rather butthurt at that , pretty sure my dad burst a vein when he had heard that . 
  im not gon na get into the argument , i 'm just explaining that it exists, 
  will we see * beeg amerikan teetees * ? 
  every time the potato famine is mentioned on r/todayilearned an argument ensues over whether it should be referred to as genocide or a famine . 
  this thing is almost like the rosetta stone . 
  no matter what language , i immediately recognise it, 
   irish famine oh man here we go , argument over `` famine '' vs `` genocide '' inbound, 
  n.ireland costs more than they give , westminster would only try to keep it out of pride and pettiness . 
  the northern irish themselves are the ones who are staunchly unionist ( or used to be ), 
  the flag will look horrid though , what will we do without at andrews saltire ? 
  but your english is disgusting [ region ] [ class ] english , i refuse to share my island with this [ region ] [ class ] scum !, 
  iirc czech republic is still considered correct as well ? 
   the usa never went down the path europe did with social nets fdr and lbj seemed pretty big on social safety nets, 
  iirc the queen is brazilian ? 
  or maybe she just lived there . 
  damn , imagine if we still had european rhinos, 
  and tbh it was n't that long ago in the grand scale of things . 
  and most of us are probably descendants of her, 
  ugly ? 
  the hell you on about ? 
  it looks and sounds great, 
   brits brigading the thread right , i forgot we were banished from the subreddit and are n't allowed to participate anymore, 
  it was started in the weimar era already, 
  ugh seriously why are the tudors so fascinating for the education system ? 
  i wish we learned about the reformation as a whole rather than henry being fat and wanting a baby boy . 
  oh come on now , the `` passive '' aggressive `` the uk fucking sucks '' sentiment is annoying but there are genuine complaints to be had about the british empire . 
  the uk above france in the 1500 and 1600s ? 
  sounds a bit off . 
  hey we could have balkanised the region , that always works out right ? 
  right ? 
  balkan shitflings , british-irish shit flings , russian-polish shitflings , turkish-balkan shitflings it 's so much fun, 
  i think australia and new zealand are nice too,
