  i think i 'm the only scot here who does n't support independence . 
  tbf i do n't think i 've ever seen a fat korean, 
  portuguese also has more speakers than french ( brazil having 200 million people kinda tips the balance ), 
  good lucking convincing the rest of the world to learn esperanto the chinese elite will continue using english , and if english loses its prominence they 'll make you speak mandarin . 
  yeah english wo n't last forever . 
  but while the usa remains the top dog of the world , english will remain the lingua franca of commerce and diplomacy . 
  french probably wo n't resurface as the lingua * franca * ( hehe ) though and german certainly wo n't , french and german are n't even in the top 3 most spoken european languages ( spanish , english and portuguese having more speakers ) . 
  mandarin is the only thing that comes close to english . 
  you 're from italy , so learning another romance language is probably a lot easier than learning a germanic language . 
  are you aware that belfast is mostly protestant ? 
  ( or was at the time of partitioning ) you could make a case with `` give derry back '' , but belfast ? 
  ayy lmao this is funny if southeast england ( i.e london ) truly dominated the uk , brexit would n't have happened . 
  true , but they 've been way more beneficial for ireland than the uk . 
  the kingdom of great britain and the uk have never been absolute monarchies . 
  the civil war castrated the crown and since the stuarts got deposed all subsequent monarchs were there for show . 
  plus , when scotland and england * were * absolute monarchies , they were both ruled by james vi of scotland ( or i of england ) who was born in scotland . 
  a scottish king , in the 1600s ( a century before the act of union ) , created the ulster plantations . 
  scots also had quite a bit of fun abusing and terrorizing subjugated nations in the empire ; the indian rebellion of 1857 was crushed by a scottish commander for example . 
  when the people of northern ireland want it . 
  northern ireland can literally leave the uk whenever they want , if they have n't yet it 's because news flash - they want to remain in the uk . 
  they also get dual irish and british citizenship so it 's not as if they 've been cut off from ireland and not allowed in . 
  no , but your average german probably does n't know about the namibian genocide either . 
  he should move there and live the rest of his life as their god-emperor, 
  bombed copenhagen and destroyed the danish navy because we * thought * that they * might * side with napoleon cant take any chances, 
  men in such positions should n't be acting like children during negotiations . 
  there 's a reason why the likes of trump , boris johnson , ( and now juncker ) are frowned upon . 
  a huge chunk of the chinese elite learn and speak english though . 
  stanford , mit , harvard , caltech , etc. 
  continue to act as magnets for them . 
  is this the first time you 've heard of the guardian ? 
  financial times was n't exactly pro brexit either . 
  is this about 1807 ? 
  well yeah , but the rocket is n't the only thing needed to land on the moon . 
  the navigational computers , lem , cem , astronaut suits , training , planning , and actual piloting are also pretty damn important . 
  it 's not as if nasa employed 20,000 americans to work as coffee delivery men and had von braun do everything . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f9/bashar_al-assad_in_russia_%282015-10-21%29_08.jpg/220px-bashar_al-assad_in_russia_%282015-10-21%29_08.jpg looks white to me, 
  i do n't like this new `` underwear '' and `` trousers '' thing the eu is sending here though . 
  my kilt is fine as it is thank you . 
  france and west germany fighting ? 
  seems unlikely to happen with the soviet union & co threatening both , and i doubt the usa would take kindly to infighting within nato . 
  yeah i knew you knew it , but i wanted to post it for anyone else who did n't get it since they might 've assumed you meant `` the monarchs are worshipped as demi god 's [ in the uk ] '', 
  on a similar vein , the usa fed radioactive material to mentally retarded children in the 50s . 
  vanderbilt university ( a very prestigious american university ) also gave pregnant women radioactive material , they told them it was `` vitamins '' to help the baby and all . 
  ireland used to extremely catholic until recently , the younger generations appear to be pretty non religious though . 
  true , but they tend to be lumped in with `` non whites '' when it comes to facing discrimination . 
  fun fact : there actually is a cargo cult in vanuatu that worships him as a deity , he received a war club from them as a gift iirc https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_philip_movement, 
  i wonder if you get this pissed off at poland , hungary , austria , croatia , bulgaria , france and denmark because of their own opinions on the refugee crisis . 
  bulgaria has built a fence with barbed fire on their turkish border , hungary has their own fence , poland has demonstrations against taking in refugees ( ca n't blame them given how many run off to germany anyway ) , austria has threatened to sue hungary because they ( austria ) do n't want to take in refugees coming in from hungary , denmark can confiscate items worth more than 1000 euros and that have no sentimental value , france has a borderline fascist as their second contender for presidency , etc. 
  how is anything i said idiotic ? 
  please explain . 
  does accepting refugees or not determine ones iq ? 
  because to me it sounds more like an emotional matter as opposed to rational . 
  i know you were talking about the second world war , i only mentioned ww1 because that 's the time when germany invented terror bombing by using zeppelins ( and the paris gun ) . 
  i also mentioned guernica , which you should know happened in the inter-world war years ...  the soviets could have done it by themselves are you sure ? 
  no lend lease sounds pretty bad for them . 
  no trucks , jeeps , boots , coats , tanks , rubber , etc. 
  trucks and boots are pretty damn important . 
  not to mention that germany would only have 1 front to deal with . 
  ayy lmao why be so angry at a referendum that does n't really affect you . 
  the uk leaving the eu is bad for us , but it 's not like you 're gon na go bankrupt and be evicted over it . 
  is the eu truly so petty then ? 
  and why would the eu want a trade war with the uk ? 
  what 's the benefit of it ? 
  i 'm afraid the eu does n't share your revenge porn fantasies . 
  soviet union and usa keep their pawns in line , soviet union falls , yugoslavia has its war , but the other european countries have little reason to have fought with each other after the cold war . 
  i know right . 
  we 'd be typing this in french on * minitel * eeeugh, 
  at least westminster gives us a referendum . 
  regarding the parthenon : do they use replicas to `` fill out '' the areas where the elgin marbles would be ? 
  or leave it empty ? 
  yes and that does n't change the fact that the british navy is n't made for `` colonial wars '' . 
  eastern europe is n't drinking your refugee kool aid either . 
  hopefully poland , hungary , czech republic , etc. 
  continue acting as a balance in the eu to counter germany 's self flagellation obsession . 
  damn right we fucked you up , maybe next time do n't start the war by invading poland . 
  do n't invent the concept of terror bombing either ; the german zeppelins in ww1 , bombing of guernica , bombing of warsaw , rotterdam , london . 
  dresden and hamburg were retribution . 
  `` sow the winds and reap the whirlwind '' . 
   doing nothing so let me get this straight . 
  we simultaneously `` fucked up germany '' and did nothing at the same time ? 
  something does n't appear to add up . 
  i guess cracking the enigma and informing the soviets of your every move was n't useful was it ? 
  annihilating german industry from the air ? 
  nah , that 's nothing . 
  preventing germany from capturing oil supplies in the middle east and saving the jews in palestine ? 
  yeah that was useless too . 
  rushing eastwards in order to save denmark and greece from soviet occupation ? 
  haha yeah evil brits , do n't they know how reputable and great the freedom loving soviets were ? 
  sinking your precious bismarck and scaring the tirpitz into permanent hiding ? 
  okay maybe that was more for show , but that 's cause the bismarck and tirpitz themselves were useless , glorified , bathtubs . 
  400,000 british troops died in ww2 , practically the same as american casualties . 
  of course that pales in comparison to 10 million soviets , but i guess those numbers tend to pile up when the noble german army is massacring , starving , gassing , torturing , experimenting on and enslaving every slav they come across . 
  your anti british bias is pretty blatant . 
  the fact that brexit has generated such immense butthurt is actually pretty hilarious . 
  poland and hungary are n't exactly happy about germany 's `` come all ! '', 
  stance . 
  there was an influx of syrians because you invited them , not us . 
  you take them in , not us . 
  nonsense . 
  the post ww2 british navy was built with hunting russian submarines in mind , for example .
