  you ca n't assume an isolationist country will remain that way , the usa used to be isolationist too remember ? 
  yeah , go and protest for a free tibet in china and in the usa and see how they differ . 
  you think border checks are humiliating and that they imply you are n't an equal human ? 
  the fuck are you on about . 
  the eu has border checks on everyone outside the eu , are you saying the eu does n't consider non europeans to be humans ? 
  this is obviously not the case , because border checks are normal everywhere . 
  the queen never states her opinion publicly , the little we know about her personal opinions are usually just leaks which arent really reliable . 
   we do n't have any kind of proud gun culture here been to switzerland ? 
  one of the highest gun ownership rates in the world and lowest crime rates . 
  do czech people actually use czechia ? 
  i have n't heard it irl yet , only on reddit, 
   austria is a former part of prussia hmm ? 
  no one forced you to replace my country tis of thee, 
  * i like it !, 
  i like the eu as a loose union that it is now , but to actually join it as a country and surrender our own sovereignty ( like for real ) does n't sound too good . 
  if we had to join any super states , i 'd rather be a vassal state to canada , australia or new zealand than a use . 
  we have a lot more in common with them [ canzac ] than anyone else ( head of state , law , language , government organisation , etc. ), 
  edit : i 'm not advocating for empire 2.0 , i do n't mean to say that i wish we could boss around the colonies like before , i 'm just saying that if we had to surrender our sovereignty to join a new superstate i 'd rather become a canadian state than a use one . 
  citizens of the eu ? 
  cool , but as one nation ? 
  eeeh ( some of ) scotland wants independence because it feels overshadowed and silenced by england ( 5 million scots compared to 53 million english people ) . 
  now imagine that in a union of 500 million people , with even tinier countries that do n't even have 2 million people . 
  it 's gon na be a mess . 
  london was the capital in mass effect ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was a space station , london was just an iconic city to set the battle in . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure that 's where the name great britain comes from, 
  god yes , please take all the dup voters with you . 
  your problem now . 
  do n't feed them past midnight , bye !, 
  i thought the danish flag was older ? 
  [ we 're fine with the union jack as long as it 's this one . 
  ] ( https://d2r4pw5uddxm3r.cloudfront.net/content/uploads/imported/uploads/2014/08/scottishuj_0.jpg ), 
  that 's exactly it , being a non political head of state . 
  she had winston churchill himself as her first pm . 
  i imagine her opinion of this current government is . . rather low . 
  the queen never states any political opinion publicly . 
  that 's why she 's so popular , nobody can hate her for anything !, 
   irish flair i take it you 're not excited at the prospect, 
  if it makes you feel better , i can tell the difference between you and australia for any curious people : new zealand has red stars , australia has white stars, 
  eh tbf the ireland-uk relationship is somewhat understandable given how recent the troubles were . 
  elderly people in poland probably do n't like germans too much , but as time goes on newer generations stop caring . 
  hey i 'm a unionist , i 've got nothing against england , my own grandmother is english . 
  i 'm just guessing why op did n't include them or wales . 
  most people in ni support gay marriage ( according to polls ) , but the dup shoots it down all the time which is a shame . 
   uk not in top 10 oh no  above france oh yes, 
  from which source ? 
  actually scrap that , any source that discusses the queen 's fashion choices is usually a shitty tabloid that should n't be taken seriously . 
  i 'm still sad new zealand did n't vote for laser kiwi, 
  [ this is getting out of hand ] ( https://youtu.be/b-p-l8pyqh0 ), 
  england voted leave , so op probably did n't feel the need to include them he removed wales from this collection too . 
  til austrian eagle is a communist eagle never noticed that hammer and sickle :p, 
  yeah i do n't think china 's economy got to its current size with public services , neither did the usa in the 1940s . 
  the eu economy did n't get big because of them , they 're just a nice bonus that comes with being a rich country . 
  getting health and education in any country does n't indicate anything about the quality of those services . 
  it 's a well known fact that any country with an ageing population is suffering a strain on its healthcare services . 
  i mean , i guess scotland being included kinda make sense since it was 62 % remain , but wales ? 
  and separate northern ireland ? 
  wales voted leave and northern ireland leaving the uk means joining ireland , an independent northern ireland would be absolutely filthy and not supported by either side . 
  wales voted leave tho, 
  i 'm pretty sure an independent northern ireland would make both sides go apeshit . 
  it 's either in the uk or unified with ireland . 
  every non tricolour flag looks wrong . 
  saint andrews saltire is a saltire !, 
  anything less is disgusting . 
  it 's deleted , what did he say ? 
  wales vote for brexit i 'm afraid . 
  that 's a solid argument there look , i 'm pro eu but this whole `` you 're all retards '' approach to debating brexiteers is really not gon na work . 
  they claim to be refugees no ? 
  tell them they 're being deported to whatever warzone they 're lying about being from , they 'll tell you their real home pretty soon . 
  i said bigger economy does not equal better services . 
  i suppose it 's my fault for using ! = which is only used for programming really . 
  anyway , just because the eu economy is improving does n't somehow mean public services will improve with it . 
  thatcher 's britain experienced great economic growth , but life did n't improve for secondary sector workers despite the gdp and employment increase . 
  the usa is gon na overtake the eu once the uk leaves , that does n't somehow fix their healthcare issue does it ? 
  bigger economy ! = best public services . 
  still working does n't mean improving . 
   lead us into inbreeding ... what ? 
  there 's 500 million people in europe , we 're not gon na be inbred . 
  the entire world population was less than that in roman antiquity ffs . 
  besides , europe is already diverse . 
  you have us scots , english , cornish , welsh , irish and manx in the uk and ireland for example . 
  plenty of european countries have multiple ethnic groups within them . 
  or just deport them if they arent real war refugees then they 're criminals who are attempting to illegally immigrate . 
  swedish and memes is the same language if / r/sweden is anything to go by, 
  sweden ? 
  australia is where brits go to get skin cancer, 
  they made the right choice with their current flag . 
  drawing that coat of arms every time someone wanted to draw canada 's flag would 've sucked . 
  our own cuisine is n't exactly that much better tbh . 
  all the good scottish food is actually just indian recipes we stole during the raj . 
  true , i supported remain and i support the eu ( < 3 environmental regulations and standardisation ) , but i would much rather have our own army that answers to us and us alone , rather than sharing it with 500 million other people ( whose geopolitical ambitions would n't even match ours ) . 
  yeah but it 's widely spoken , easy to learn , and it 's pretty much a french and german bastard child anyway so it fits the french-german marriage perfectly . 
   what will the official language be ? 
  the queens english of course it 's the eu language - an unholy combination of french and german !, 
  a shame . 
  immanuel kant is still buried there, 
  i 'm not left wing mate . 
  brazil is buying these jets iirc . 
  it 's a pretty sexy looking plane , saab seems to be good with the visuals ( see : draken ), 
  i imagine silicon valley has some nice statsv,
