  true , but before fdr the eu was n't a thing and germany was having nazi and communist brawls on the streets , times have changed and the eu and usa are still close ideologically ( free speech , democracies , equality , etc. ), 
  can we get schwarzenegger instead ? 
  at least he has experience from governing california . 
  edit : oh right , was n't * born in the usa *, 
   trump/lepen/wilders supporter , but pro eu hwat in tarnation, 
  banned from r/scotland ? 
  i 'll admit , i think they 're a bit too marxy schmarxy for my taste , but i 've never been banned despite my own unpopularity there . 
  what was the reason they gave for you ? 
  in this case it would be `` hanged parliament '', 
  that ai n't happening in ireland , iirc they 're the most pro eu population after germany . 
  she actually was against brexit . 
  in a way i kinda feel bad for her , she 's in a shit situation ( albeit she is n't helping un-shit it ), 
  so ... shaquille o'neil is n't irish ? 
  at least you are n't brazil . 
  i live here , witnessing 7-1 was like watching the roman empire fall live . 
  my dad grew up as a brit in argentina ( the diaspora there is surprisingly big-ish , also they have a welsh speaking town there ) , can confirm that argentines are almost all friendly to brits and those who are n't . . well , they are n't people who 'd be friendly to anyone really . 
  quite the contrary , america would love a western aligned iran ( which was the case until 1979 ) . 
  they were huge supporters of the shah and would probably support a new government that is friendly to the usa . 
  are your referring to our coup or the 1979 revolt ? 
  i mean , even the english think the english team sucks, 
  he should run for labour . 
  greens are never getting a significant number of mps . 
  hindus are doing very well in the usa , jews as well . 
  it depends on which minority you are . 
   strongly diminished quality of life eh it varies . 
  a banker moving from berlin to new york city might have an * upgrade * in quality of life , but if you 're moving to flint , michigan then yeah it 's a downgrade . 
  god am i glad i have american , british and german citizenship . 
  i may have lost the genetic lottery for eyesight and height , but in terms of nationalities i hit the jackpot . 
  can immigrate to the eu and usa with no trouble at all . 
  well , nyc is the historic gateway ( from europe ) to america after all , ellis island and all that . 
  american companies in general pay more , the only issue is that you also have to pay more for stuff like healthcare . 
  iirc they added `` american '' to the census , so a lot of people whose families were there before 1776 ticked that box rather than english . 
  [ funnily enough , brazil also elected a rhinoceros for mayor ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cacareco ), 
  that 's nice to see , i was worried eastern germany got the brutalist treatment due to the communist rule . 
  i imagine it 's due to spain being a lot more centralised , secession being unconstitutional , and catalonia getting into the eu while spain is in the eu would be ... hard to say the least . 
  switzerland is lower than i expected, 
   cia  financing leftist terrorism wait what, 
  yeah , the portuguese government was overthrown by the cia last week because they decriminalised drug use , right ? 
  he only asked for you nationality after you referred to europe as if you were n't a part of it , how the fuck is that `` identity politics '' ? 
  that 's fine and dandy , but it 's not oppression of europe like you claim . 
  recovery is always possible , i mean , germany managed to recover from fucking hitler and china from a century of colossal disasters . 
  how is trump a white nationalist ? 
  you can say he 's an ignorant and arrogant fool , but a white nationalist ? 
   oppression what ? 
  how has the usa oppressed us ? 
   remove americans from nato good joke . 
  sounds about as ridiculous as removing germany from the eu . 
  japan turning hostile to the usa ? 
  not while china is fiddling around , trying to expand their oceanic claims . 
  it 's kinda dissappoting tbh , i was expecting some grand baroque building, 
  every self respecting british politician would go thatcher over the falklands . 
  i 'm pretty sure there would be rioting if they did n't and a massive hit to their parties popularity . 
   last time such a `` split '' happened it started a bloody civil war what ? 
  someone triggering article 50 is comparable to yugoslavia ? 
  meanwhile , germany gets to know both !, 
  and the uk neither , which is especially bad . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  red , white and blue brexit means red , white and blue brexit . 
  we have attached england to new england , scotland to nova scotia , wales to new south wales and northern ireland to new ireland ( sorry ireland ) . 
  not just europe man . 
  you need to come and see brazilian elections https://youtu.be/htd7wmjuuhi actual campaign ad btw, 
  but it is designed that way to keep the small states happy , or else california , texas and new york would stomp on everyone . 
  just look at scotland in the uk , 5 million against 45 million ( england ) , leads to predicable results ( discontent population ) . 
  im trying to get a german passport . 
  can confirm , the efficiency thing was a lie . 
  i kinda like their electoral college system . 
  if the eu federates then it will be a must , or small states like the baltics would be totally overshadowed by bigger states like germany , it already happens in the uk with scotland and wales being overshadowed by england . 
  no , * disdain * for the uk has n't been american policy since the 1920s . 
  of course we are a tool , everyone is a tool for the usa , but they have 0 reason to dislike a nuclear power ally who aligns with them the majority of the time . 
  especially now that the tories and republicans are in power ; hell reagan and thatcher were 2 sides of the same coin and they 're both beloved by the current parties in power . 
  i wonder how many american products you used to type that, 
  apparently that 's the case . 
  1 nuclear carrier would be worth less than 2 conventional carriers since they 'd only have 1 on patrol and whenever it ports for resupplying the fleet would be without a carrier . 
  this is from 2010 , when the democrats were in power . 
  the republicans now have the stronghold over the government now and they do n't appear to be very pro eu so far . 
  do n't mind dick `` i shoot people and they apologise to * me * '' cheney here . 
  source for that ? 
  sounds a bit extreme . 
  if anything they like us more now , the republicans do n't appear to be the pro eu , pro multicultural type and they 're the ones who have the white house , senate , congress and will get to appoint a scotus judge . 
   your leader farage  your lead hmm ? 
  he 's not even an mp never mind the `` leader '' of the uk , and i would never have voted for him , do n't assume he 's my leader . 
  you 've smoked some serious doobies there my man, 
  and i suppose switzerland , norway , serbia , etc. 
  are all latin american nations then ? 
   us has gone to shit fucking hell people , it 's 4 years with checks and balances , not 50 years of dictatorship . 
  the canadian immigration system is pretty damn selective , they are n't taking in hundreds of thousands of refugees like germany and france . 
  france has polynesia , guiana , etc to protect, 
  has n't france been fighting in mali ? 
  or am i imagining things ( this happened before , i could have sworn france participated in the gulf war but apparently the freedom fries debacles was exactly because they did n't ), 
  [ the british navy have way better names than those ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hms_gay_viking ), 
  wait what , irradiated the crew ? 
  well yeah no shit it refers to a period , the holocaust is n't a person either . 
  danton is just one of thousands who were executed because robespierre obviously did n't like competition . 
  `` you 're anti revolutionary '' has been an excuse to kill people from stalin to mao or to pol pot . 
  i think the catobar system was too expensive to implement ? 
  a shame , but i 'll just let admiralty do their thing since they probably know what 's better for their needs . 
  i just copied the other posts format . 
  and you can just as easily tell the differences between an italian and a finn . 
  there was an hms gay viking during ww2 . 
  outside of the usn yes .
