  if you ukro-bots are to be taken seriously then you should learn to lie better . 
   or a old geezer club . 
  so , what 's the difference ? 
  do n't break it to them . 
  malty often comes across as a good albeit extremely naive person . 
  i believe there was a top ten ( ? ), 
  chart of the most heartbreaking documentaries on the related [ subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/documentaries ) . 
  the film about the animal cruelty at factory farms was ranked # 1 . 
  ca n't recall the title though . 
  not as sectarian . 
  more like a name of a militant group . 
  right now , it 's 11c outside , because of a wave of arctic air that settled over the region . 
  for god 's sake , let the arctic melt already !, 
  tbh , i do n't think that the food ban is a major issue . 
  it 's more about the country being an aggressive petrostate and the consequences . 
  since the people are trying to cut spending , the private sector ca n't be ok . `` civilized '' retail is slowly dying off . 
  soon it will be like it was in the 90s , when a public market was the only place where you could buy clothes or quality food . 
  i only cook it once a year , on the new year eve . 
  as far as i know , the difference between the two is minor . 
  you have to use [ salo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salo_ ( food \\ ) ) to make ukrainian \u0431\u043e\u0440\u0449 , if i remember it correctly . 
  you 're welcome . 
  me and most of my friends are in the same age bracket ( around 40 ) . 
  they have families and kids to take care of . 
  it is better to earn less than to not earn anything at all . 
  the last time i 've been to grodno , some parts of the city looked as though the war had just ended . 
  the people were very nice and friendly though . 
  the forest around the town looked to be straight from a fantasy film - exactly the kind of movie that we were shooting there , haha . 
  the gov ' t stats on unemployment tell us that all is fine . 
  hard to believe in that , though . 
  among my friends , the overall situation is pretty clear : the percentage of self-employed and business people is on decline . 
  everyone is rushing to get a job in a state-owned company . 
  trading with europe is fucked up due to the falling ruble . 
  small business in the internet is fucked up due to the economy shrinking . 
  one guy was buying quality chemicals in europe - now switched to the local market with an unpredictable result . 
  and so forth . 
  to me , pelmeni are a good meal in the cold , windy winter . 
  by the way , instead of sour cream , pelmeni also go fine with a weak vinegar / water solution poured to an extra bowl . 
  the prices go up , the quality of food goes south . 
  amid growing fears of a possible food shortage in the future , this paints a grim picture of what will happen to the country , if the government continue with its path . 
  it 's rather easy to trust zhukovsky every time i go shopping in a grocery store . 
  sanctions ? 
  no , it 's just the elite that has been killing the small business for the last decade . 
   as a result , zhukovsky says , the middle class in russia is being liquidated . 
  it 's already dead . 
  salted cucumber is a low-effort appetizer to go with vodka , not a particular dish . 
  it 's ukrainian though ... so , no , not yet . 
  i do n't even know what the stereotypical russian dish is . 
  it 's hard to see from within the culture . 
  if it is about cabbage soup , pelmeni , vodka , and the likes then it 's been a long while since the last time i ate something `` traditional '' . 
  not exactly controlled ... but , in a way , it 's a thing in moscow . 
  the church has its fingers in many rehabs . 
  edit to your edit : thank you for your kind attitude . 
  it 's left in the past for me . 
  kinda . 
  we 've been in the same rehab centre . 
  i was ditched away by a priest because of me being a catholic . 
  sadly , that was n't a case for many others . 
   a well-known orthodox activist , dmitry tsorionov , known by the nickname dmitry enteo , earlier said he was at the manege exhibition center . 
  dima is a former heroin addict , just as i am . 
  unfortunately for all of us , his rehab went wrong . 
  not sure about the iron curtain , but the beatles was a big thing for my parents . 
  their music has been used as a lullaby to put me to sleep since i turned six months or so . 
  weird shit . 
  the point is , the line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  it 's natural to see the difference between the two . 
  yep , i kinda forgot about this one . 
  you wrote :  in the world there 's no other country that was helped by the us that much as they 've helped russia [ here 's the official info from the us  ( https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/row/rl32866.pdf )  since 1992 , the united states has provided more than $ 28 billion in assistance to the 12 states of the former soviet union [ including russia ] . 
  a quote from [ another report  ( http://watson.brown.edu/costsofwar/files/cow/imce/papers/2015/us%20reconstruction%20aid%20for%20afghanistan.pdf )  as of september 30 , 2014 , the us had appropriated $ 104.1 billion dollars for the relief and reconstruction of afghanistan , with the fy2015 budget request raising that total to $ 109.9 billion . 
  granted , they helped us a lot ( props to them for that ) but we are by far not the biggest recipient of usaid . 
  if you had in mind the lend-lease supplies then i have to agree with you . 
  helped in what way ? 
  you may like [ this album ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/vlfqk ) . 
  it 's not necessary that propaganda has to be dishonest . 
  neither it always leads to negative consequences . 
  in the 80s , i , as many others , got used to listening to the `` voices of the west '' on the radio . 
  bbc and the likes . 
  was it propaganda ? 
  yes , for sure , but they did it for greater good . 
  the western propaganda machine played a great role in the demolition of the ussr , for the sake of the free world . 
  so , ukraine is being sandwiched between colombia and afghanistan ( ! ), 
  and russia is ranked lower than malaysia in the list . 
  what a time to be alive / s, 
  nation building , the ukrainian way . 
  hehehe . 
  incompetence ? 
  malice ? 
  i think neither of both . 
  roskomnadzor is merely a technical gasket inserted between the local legislative bodies and the big and scary internet . 
  their job is to get a memo from the court of pricksville , lower siberia and then to add an url to the register of banned sites . 
  that 's what they are for . 
   a day after banning a reddit page on growing illegal mushrooms , russian censors have removed reddit from their registry of banned websites . 
  in a post on the social network vkontakte , roskomnadzor , the kremlin 's media watchdog agency , thanked internet users for `` prompting '' reddit 's administrators to get in touch with their office . 
  you seem to misunderstood me . 
  geo-blocking is only for a page in question , to make it `` invisible '' from runet . 
  the audio recording was first published by the kp 's website , a tabloid that makes daily mail and rt look like paragons of sanity in comparison . 
  i 'm more amused by foreignpolicy.com spinning the story . 
  * edit : grammar *, 
  from what i 've heard , he had blended in perfectly . 
  i guess reddit uses geo-blocking based on ip address to prevent access from russia . 
  my apologies in advance , let me put it straight .
