  the dearest leader needs more people like that . 
  except you got it all completely backwards . 
  some people were , in fact , arrested for holding empty sheets of paper or even waving russian flags . 
  meanwhile , private gay parties in moscow keep going on , every now and then . 
  people can get arrested for ** any unauthorised ** activity , be it a public stunt or rare attempt to express themselves . 
  it does n't even have to be aimed at the regime , i.e. , to be an opposition activity . 
  ` unauthorised ' is a keyword here . 
   illegal for two same sex couples to hold hands in public while the situation with the right to protest and a number of laws regarding public gatherings in russia is , indeed , abysmal , you 're just making things up now . 
  i 've just read a slightly different version of this theory in dolboeb 's lj . 
  i mean , the hooligans involved were handpicked and _ sent _ to france by some powerful figures , that is . 
  even though i ca n't comment on the likelihood that any of this was true , it should be taken into account that slava rabinovich is a bullshitter of epic proportions . 
  most , if not all of his ` insider revelations ' seem to be , sorry for assuming that , byproducts of his own delirium . 
   soloshenko and afanasyev have been exchanged for ukrainian journalists yelena glishchinskaya and vitaly didenko , ria novosti reported . 
  the plane carrying the journalists and glishchinskaya 's child has arrived in moscow . 
  looks like a bog to me . 
  i think you read too much out of my comment . 
  ` advice ' , seriously ? 
  by the way , the drunkard was spot on - no one plays by the rules in a random fight . 
  this is why a sane person should avoid it at all costs . 
  i have n't been in a fight since school days . 
  why on earth should i do that , though ? 
  in fact , most of the fights i 've ever witnessed were just as short as i described . 
  as it often involved a stick or an empty bottle being landed on someone 's head , i do n't really see how i 'm wrong here . 
  yep , football fans and neo-nazis have always had it in a different way , because they tend to fight for sport on a regular basis . 
  you should stop hanging out with lowlifes . 
  throwing a fit because of dirty looks , lol , this is something that only hotheads from northern caucasus or tracksuit-wearing gopnicks would do . 
  i have a feeling that your experience with the russians is very , very limited . 
  you are now painting such a bizarre picture of this scary , masculine russia , haha . 
  could n't be farther from the truth . 
  most people i know would never lift anything heavier than a glass of vodka , let alone going fighting someone . 
  the pack mentality is just a street thing . 
  as for the training , i 'm fairly sure that most schools and gyms have their own ` self-defence ' classes . 
  which is a colloquial term for the martial arts . 
  thanks for a huge army , there has never been a shortage of ex-military dudes training civvies . 
  in my school it was a perma drunk afghan veteran who taught us some basic stuff . 
  and the basic stuff mostly boils down to a few things : a ) always act as a pack , stand for your brothers , even if they are not right - you can discuss it later ; b ) do n't fall down ; if you have to fall - do it right , get into a right pose and prepare for a long beating ; c ) a street fight is not a fucking medieval tournament - you should always attack first , with all your strength . 
  the best attack - a sudden attack from behind . 
  nothing per se . 
  i just see a pattern here . 
  poland is lagging ca 10-12 years behind rufed in that regard . 
  at first , they came after a ` foreign controlled ' ( read : under the jewish control ) tv channel , the one that has been openly critical towards the ruling elite . 
  next they came up with the notion that the internet needs to be closely watched ( google ` sorm ' or ` sorm-2 ) , granted , just in order to ` improve national security ' . 
  shortly after that , they put the very first ` enemies of the state ' to jail ... everything goes by the book . 
  normal poles , do tell : have you heard as of late that some opposition politicians ( pro-russian ones , in your case ) were put under home arrest maybe ? 
  i honestly know jack about poland 's political scene . 
  ### film about russian lawyer 's death creates an uproar #### by mark landler * june 9 , 2016 * washington -- six years after his mysterious death in a moscow prison cell , sergei l. magnitsky has become a byword for brutality in president vladimir v. putin 's russia . 
  now , a documentary film that paints mr. magnitsky as an accomplice rather than a victim is generating a furor , with critics trying to block a screening of it next week in washington . 
  screenings of the film , `` the magnitsky act -- behind the scenes , '' have been canceled in europe after threats of libel suits from william f. browder , an american-born financier who fell afoul of the russian government and hired mr. magnitsky , a lawyer and auditor , to investigate a vast tax fraud scheme after the government seized three of his russian subsidiaries . 
  `` the magnitsky act '' is to be screened on monday at the newseum , a private museum dedicated to the news industry . 
  lawyers for mr. browder and mr. magnitsky 's mother , natalia magnitskaya , sent a letter to the newseum this week demanding that it call off the event . 
  after a conference call on thursday , the museum 's management refused . 
  `` we stand for free speech and free expression , '' said scott williams , the chief operating officer of the newseum . 
  `` we 're not going to allow them not to show the film . '' he noted that the museum was not sponsoring the screening , but merely renting out its theater . 
  `` we often have people renting for events that other people would love not to have happen , '' he said . 
  mr. browder , who lives in london , has accused the film 's director , andrei nekrasov , of defaming him and smearing the memory of mr. magnitsky . 
  the film asserts that the widely accepted version of mr. magnitsky 's death is wrong : that the police did not beat him before he died , and that he did not testify that the police had conspired to steal $ 230 million in fraudulent tax rebates . 
  indeed , the film says it was mr. browder who orchestrated the fraud . 
  the legacy of mr. magnitsky , who was 37 at the time of his death , is complicated because he has become such a potent symbol . 
  in 2012 , congress passed a law bearing his name that blacklisted russian officials involved in human-rights abuses . 
  the kremlin retaliated by imposing sanctions on several american citizens and banning the adoption of russian children by americans . 
  lawmakers are now trying to pass legislation that would impose sanctions on people anywhere in the world for the kinds of human-rights abuses that surfaced in the magnitsky case . 
  much to the frustration of the russian government , the bill would again bear his name . 
  a screening at the newseum is especially controversial because it could attract lawmakers or their aides . 
  the cavernous museum , which sits on pennsylvania avenue in the shadow of the capitol , has the text of the first amendment etched above its main entrance . 
  mr. nekrasov is an experienced documentary maker whose work has sometimes been critical of the russian government . 
  he made films about the russian crackdown in chechnya and the poisoning of alexander v. litvinenko , a former intelligence officer . 
  speaking from berlin , mr. nekrasov said he had not begun the project intending to undermine the account of mr. magnitsky 's death . 
  he said that he viewed it more as a docudrama about mr. magnitsky 's last days , and that he had consulted mr. browder , whom he envisioned as the film 's narrator . 
  but as he began scrutinizing original documents in the case , mr. nekrasov said , he began to doubt mr. browder 's version of events . 
  `` it 's difficult to pin down the moment when i thought it was a lie , it 's a made-up story , '' he said . 
  one clue , he said , was that `` there was no sign of whistle-blowing '' on the part of mr. magnitsky . 
  people familiar with the magnitsky case expressed doubt that he was in on a conspiracy . 
  `` when i was in the government , '' said michael a. mcfaul , a former united states ambassador to russia , `` we studied closely his tragic case and had a radically different assessment . '' in april , a screening of the film at the european parliament was called off at the last minute after lawyers for mr. browder threatened legal action . 
  the british law firm carter-ruck also sent a letter to arte , a german-french television network that planned to broadcast the film . 
  in the united states , mr. nekrasov has retained the potomac square group , a small public affairs and lobbying firm that has worked for bahrain , kuwait and azerbaijan , among other foreign governments . 
  it is run by christopher cooper , a former wall street journal reporter . 
  mr. cooper rented the theater in the newseum and declined to say who was paying his company . 
  `` i 'm putting this event together for the director , '' he said . 
  mr. cooper said there would be a question-and-answer session with mr. nekrasov , moderated by the investigative journalist seymour hersh , after the screening . 
  the organizers considered inviting mr. browder to take part in the session , mr. cooper said , and might still do so . 
  mr. browder did not return requests for comment . 
  but he has spoken out in the past against the film , calling it `` a calculated attempt to harm our campaign and to make people doubt the legacy of sergei magnitsky . '' lawyers for mr. browder have presented substantial documentary evidence , including photographs , that mr. magnitsky was beaten in his jail cell . 
  they also cite transcripts of testimony in which he named police officers as being involved in the tax fraud . 
  that mr. magnitsky was mistreated in jail is hardly in dispute . 
  the russian authorities initially claimed he had died from sudden heart failure . 
  but after persistent questions , russia 's then-president , dmitri a. medvedev , ordered prosecutors to open an investigation . 
  in 2011 , a human rights panel that advised mr. medvedev issued a report concluding that mr. magnitsky had been beaten . 
  his health issues went untreated for the 11 months he was in custody . 
  the report said that investigators and prison officials shared responsibility for his death . 
  mr. browder was once the largest foreign investor in russia 's stock market . 
  he defended mr. putin , and in 2005 , he told a reporter that the newly elected president of ukraine , viktor a. yushchenko , needed to cultivate closer ties with russia . 
  since he was expelled from russia , however , mr. browder has become a fierce crusader against official corruption there . 
  last year , he published a book , `` red notice : a true story of high finance , murder and one man 's fight for justice , '' that delved into the circumstances of mr. magnitsky 's death . 
  -- ^ a ^ version ^ of ^ this ^ article ^ appears ^ in ^ print ^ on ^ june ^ 10 , ^ 2016 , ^ on ^ page ^ a6 ^ of ^ the ^ new ^ york ^ edition ^ with ^ the ^ headline : ^ film ^ on ^ russian 's ^ death ^ provokes ^ uproar ^ in ^ u.s. 
  ^ order ^ reprints, 
  no flaming / insults , please . 
   the figure is the latest indicator of falling living standards in russia , and has alarmed some experts , who say that medicine is the last commodity for people to cut back on . 
  writing in slon magazine , yevgeny gontmackher said more and more russians are turning to home remedies to cure illnesses . 
   russia 's deteriorating health care system will also have long-term effects . 
  staff cuts in hospitals and growing pressure on doctors mean an increasing number of russians , especially in remote regions , are losing access to free medicine .
