  if it were n't for prokudin-gorskii and his passion for photography , it would be nearly impossible today to see how the country looked like before the revolution . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  these photos really are worth a thousand words . 
  we 've had a derogatory term for the ukrainians for centuries . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://mediasubs.ru/group/uploads/ro/rossiya-today/image2/xyjc1mdat.jpg ), 
  nah , we do n't need it . 
  we have around [ 6.000 ] ( http://leninstatues.ru/skolko ) statues of lenin . 
  i beg to differ . 
  antisemitism mostly belongs to the past . 
  it 's so 80s . 
  nowadays we have new boogie men and scapegoats ( hint : the muslim migrants ) . 
  you 'd have a hard time finding someone in the motherland who 's not a casual racist . 
  `` jew '' does n't have a negative connotation instead ( unless who speaks is an antisemite ) . 
  it 's just details . 
  america = jason mujaheddins = dragon 's teeth taliban = sown-men of thebes fall of the ussr = golden fleece hope you got the analogy . 
  i think it counts as euphemism . 
  caucasus is not a country , thus it 's an artificial nationality . 
  `` caucasian '' is almost a derogatory term in russian . 
  the `` minor power '' was armed , trained , funded , and , the most importantly , inspired by the # 1 troublemaker , the u.s. 
  whereas the situation in syria is completely diffe ... 
  one of the most ridiculous is `` a person of caucasian nationality '' , which is commonly used to refer to a native of the north caucasus region . 
  there 's no place for hypocrisy when it comes to realpolitik . 
  it does n't matter at all , ukraine is a western ally nowadays . 
  the west is out to get assad and russia 's military aid is interfering with their plans . 
  that 's capitalism for you . 
   `` suddenly an announcement came from gazprom signing a contact with companies from western eu member states about building another branch of nordstream . 
  they are making idiots of us , '' fico said . 
   `` for months , there have talks at the european council about the need to help ukraine stay a gas transit country , to help it through difficult winter months , '' fico told a joint news conference with ukrainian prime minister arseniy yatsenyuk . 
   `` they have betrayed an eu member state -- slovakia -- and are going against political discussions with ukraine at the european council . '', 
   is russia likely to insist on an air base in belarus ? 
  it 's far better for lukashenko to put off a decision for as long as possible . 
   how do you think russia will react after the october elections ? 
  obviously , depends on the results of said elections . 
  however , i wo n't be holding my breath waiting for anything unusual to happen . 
  the average salary has dropped to [ $ 500 ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russians-average-monthly-salary-falls-to-500-as-food-prices-skyrocket/516947.html ) . 
  it would be correct to say that a vast majority lives in poverty . 
  lukashenko is a cunning dodger . 
  even though he is making a shift towards the west , no one should be fooled by this stance . 
  i sincerely hope it wo n't get to the point where the best solution is to buy a one way ticket to ulan bator . 
  i wonder how long it would take until they accidentally drop a bomb on a russian `` military advisor '' . 
  yeah , but even empty accusations tend to linger in the memory . 
  i 'm sure these respectable media outlets will take quick steps to publish a retraction promptly . 
   according to the russian newspaper kommersant , the russian interior ministry signed a series of contracts in 2013 and in 2014 with a company called `` the central scientific institute for economics , it and management systems '' ( csi eim ) to study and to fight online anonymity . 
  the newspaper reports that csi eim has now hired lawyers , in order to terminate its four government contracts . 
   russia has sent two tank-landing ships and additional aircraft to syria in the past day or so and has deployed a small number of forces there , u.s. officials said on wednesday , in the latest signs of a military buildup that has put washington on edge . 
   two five-year-old russian boys used spades to dig their way out of their kindergarten and set off on a mission to buy a jaguar sports car , the komsomolskaya pravda daily has reported . 
   the two boys disappeared as their group took part in a supervised walk in the grounds of the kindergarten in the city of magnitogorsk in the urals region , the tabloid said . 
   after reaching freedom , the boys walked just over a mile to a car showroom selling luxury cars . 
  a female driver noticed them and asked what they were doing . 
  they told her they had come from their kindergarten to buy a jaguar but did not have any money . 
   there are 500,000 syrians in saudi arabia , according to nabil othman , acting regional representative to the gulf region at the unhcr . 
  in official documentation they are referred to as `` arab brothers and sisters in distress , '' he said . 
  via [bloomberg.com ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-04/syria-s-refugees-feel-more-welcome-in-europe-than-in-the-gulf ) the saudis just do n't want to recognize them as refugees , for whatever reason . 
  this reminds me of how tumblrinas are expressing their thoughts while interacting with the readers . 
  insults after insults , as if they never ever tried to talk with someone irl . 
  it is . 
  is it considered normal ? 
  what is the problem with lithuania and their binge drinking ? 
  as opposed to the neighbours , they have not got a substantial russian minority , which is believed to be the root of all evil ; they 're in the eu , they can travel , they 're relatively rich . 
  ca n't wrap my head around it . 
  worse than iraq ? 
  or these two countries are equally bad ? 
  no idea though . 
  for starters , there should n't be front lines in a normal country . 
  anyway , this is a weak line of reasoning . 
  assad can be a murderous twat for all i care ( as qaddafi or saddam were , for that matter ) . 
  the western politicians do not even have a shred of clue about what is better for people in the middle east , they have proved it many times . 
  handing out money and weapons is not a solution . 
  since the alternative is worse . 
  the western sanctions were never aimed at changing people 's minds about the politics . 
  short of actual military involvement , sanctions were the only measure that could be taken to demonstrate the disagreement of the west . 
  just a fringe group of leftist radicals . 
  they have no means to implement the proposed reforms . 
  here 's a [ user-made map ] ( https://maps.yandex.ru/?um=hn_cznqfofgd4pt0i8kwjwd034hir9uz&amp;l=map ) showing the locations of the charging points in moscow and surroundings . 
  i guess it 's too early to buy an electro car in the given situation . 
  there are still fans out there , who are buying tesla cars no matter what , though . 
  ninja edit : buying cars is n't prohibited . 
  have yet to seen one . 
  or , i simply do n't recognize them . 
   i say merkel is truly the biggest threat to eu lately . 
  and i 'm starting to think she is doing it on purpose that 's exactly what our liberals keep saying about putin and what he is doing to the country . 
  i 'm not going to draw any parallels there , it 's just a weird thing to wrap my head around . 
  not a word about it yet , as you can see . 
   the eu is considering imposing sanctions on countries that do not want to take part in a proposed new relocation scheme for 120,000 refugees , a senior diplomat told politico , though the idea is being floated mainly to put pressure on reluctant countries . 
  i 'm 99 % sure it 's gon na be subsidized from the budget . 
  the gov ' t will hire a private contractor , kickback here , kickback there , additional funds ( coz the officials would like to renovate their villas ) - that 's how it 's gon na be . 
  on the other hand , installing an additional charger is not a rocket science . 
  anyways , the gas stations require electricity to get the pumps working . 
   gas stations all across russia have been ordered to adapt their facilities to provide chargers for the country 's electric vehicles -- which number just a few hundred in total . 
   prime minister dmitry medvedev signed a decree on aug. 27 requiring the owners of gas stations to equip their facilities with chargers for electric cars by nov. 1 , 2016 , according to a copy of the document published on the official government website last monday . 
   the measure , according to the statement , is aimed at boosting the production and use of more environmentally friendly cars , which have so far proved highly unpopular among russians . 
   but experts warn it will only result in additional costs for companies running gas stations and say the government has failed to offer palpable incentives for motorists to choose more eco-friendly cars . 
   about 500 electric cars have been sold in total in russia , according to andrei toptun , head of the autostat car market research agency . 
  the difference between us is that you seem to believe in existence of the `` moderate '' rebels . 
  i tend to think that there are only islamists left . 
  iirc , a guy who was caught on camera eating a human heart was fighting alongside the fsa as well . 
  it does n't say much about him . 
  [ a portrait of an asylum seeker ] ( https://v1.std3.ru/fb/fc/1441544996-fbfccc951102969fdc0a1d06aac058eb.jpg ), 
   vlad plahotniuc , the oligarch that 's being acused by the protesters , has supposedly fled to geneva before the meating . 
  another political leader , vlad filat , is currently in frankfurt .
