  the merging of regional police services into police scotland has been a disaster . 
  now and again it is argued that the eu referendum has made scotland more likely to vote for independence . 
  while it 's true that only two in five scots supported brexit , this has hardly transformed the desire for independence . 
  the basic economic reality is stark , and undeniable : an independent scotland would be a scotland embarking on the most ambitious austerity programme attempted by any western country in peacetime . 
  there may well be a case for this . 
  but as of this week , the snp can no longer pretend that separation and sado-austerity would not come hand in hand . 
  and the case for the union ? 
  north sea oil revenue has all but vanished -- but there has been no national hammerblow as a result . 
  instead , more scots are in work than ever before . 
  scottish pensioner poverty is lower than ever before . 
  scottish household wealth is higher than ever before . 
  by being plugged into the larger economic network of the united kingdom , scots have not just been shielded from the oil slump , but have been able to achieve more than ever . 
  the pooling of resources works . 
  scotland and england are now , more than ever , better together . 
  navalny has evolved from a radical _ moscow _ vlogger over the last 10 years . 
  calling the southerners names all the time is a modus operandi of a ethnically slav muscovite , so he simply used to talk to his audience in their language . 
  use the `` https://np.reddit.com/ ... '' hyperlink format , please . 
  * the automod says it may be paywalled for someone , so here is the text : * -- ** eu goes back to the future in the balkans ** * russia and turkey are united in their efforts to reduce the bloc 's influence * ^ march ^ 15 , ^ 2017 ^ by : ^ ivan ^ krastev winston churchill once said that the balkans produce more history than they can consume . 
  but could it be that they produce more history than europe can consume ? 
  it was in the balkans in the 1990s that europe 's post-cold war security order was shaped . 
  the bloody dissolution of yugoslavia convinced then-us president bill clinton to go ahead with the eastward expansion of nato . 
  the fear of nationalist contagion also persuaded european leaders at the time to proceed with the eu 's enlargement . 
  today , there is a growing likelihood that it will be the balkans where the post-cold war dispensation in europe will be challenged most dramatically . 
  it should come as no surprise , therefore , that the region was on the agenda at last week 's eu summit . 
  but while the eu 's reaction is timely , it is also weak . 
  the announcement that the door to the bloc is still open for the countries of the region is unlikely to amount to much . 
  as a popular joke has it , the difference between the optimists and the pessimists in the balkans when it comes to european integration is that optimists believe that turkey will become a member of the eu during the albanian presidency , while pessimists expect that albania will join during the turkish presidency . 
  many serbs , albanians , macedonians and bosnians are sceptical not only about the future of their countries in europe , but about the future of the eu itself . 
  the 21st century in the balkans is starting to look dangerously like the 19th -- with one important difference . 
  in the 19th century , russia and turkey were big rivals in the struggle for regional influence , while germany , austria-hungary and britain smartly parlayed russo-turkish divisions to their commercial and political advantage . 
  today russia and turkey are united in their efforts to reduce the influence of the eu in the balkans . 
  moscow and ankara are actively politicising ethnic and religious tension in the balkans . 
  the russian and turkish political , economic and intelligence presence in the region is not confined to former yugoslavia and albania , but stretches to bulgaria and greece , too . 
  public opinion is also shifting in ways that should worry the west . 
  when asked by gallup international , the pollster , which leading military power their country should turn to for help in the case of conflict , a plurality of turks , serbs and bulgarians and the majority of greeks answered russia . 
  this was despite the fact that turkey , greece and bulgaria are members of nato and serbia aspires to join the eu . 
  the situation on the ground is defined by stagnating economies with high unemployment and illiberal regimes headed by political leaders who would sooner abandon europe than surrender power . 
  the public mood , meanwhile , is an explosive combination of frustration , confusion and despair . 
  the huge exodus of people from the region over the past two decades has left societies with no critical mass to drive change . 
  and the recent refugee crisis , along with the demographic fears it has fuelled , has aggravated a pervasive sense of hopelessness and pessimism . 
  the unresolved political crisis in macedonia , a failed coup attempt in montenegro and active discussion of an independence referendum in republika srpska , the bosnian serb entity in bosnia-herzegovina , suggest what the future of the region could look like . 
  the eu is the balkans ' principal trading partner , and people wanting to leave dream of going to germany or italy rather than moscow or ankara . 
  but this will not be enough to keep the region securely in the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  neither the territorial integrity of bosnia and macedonia nor the thaw in serbia-kosovo relations should be taken for granted . 
  the new reality in the balkans is that the europeans can no longer rely on the us to help secure peace and stability in the region . 
  the balkans will never be a priority for donald trump , and this administration will be unwilling to defend muslims in the region , a role that the us played in the 1990s . 
  this lack of interest on washington 's part explains why it is in the balkans , rather than the baltic states , that moscow will be tempted to demonstrate nato 's vulnerability . 
  and it is here that turkish president recep tayyip erdogan could have most success in his aim of teaching europeans a lesson . 
  it is naive , therefore , for the eu to believe that it can regain influence in the balkans simply by repeating its commitment to integration or by sinking a bit more money into the region . 
  the eu must be ready to make the balkans its geopolitical priority and to shape the political conflict there as a struggle for or against europe . 
  if it does not do this , its influence in the region will soon fade . 
  * the writer is chairman of the centre for liberal strategies in sofia and fellow at the institute for human sciences in vienna *, 
  that 's correct . 
  if history is anything to go by , every single case of discrimination or bigotry based on ethnicity , religion or political alignment was completely justified from the standpoint of its immediate perpetrators . 
  a reason for making discriminatory remarks or unprovoked aggression based solely on someone 's ethnicity ? 
  yes , it 's kind of a trend among tolerant and enlightened europeans . 
  not really a new one though , haha . 
  geez , this kind of pavlovian reaction on a russian flair never ceases to amaze me  i was merely pointing out that this headline looks like a click bait to me , and the same goes to # 1 post on the front page , about some claims made by a turkish pm , which is also coming from the independent . 
  i take it we 're past the point of questioning and discussing the quality of media reporting , are n't we ? 
  every comment must be part of some narrative today , and everyone is on duty here . 
  correct , but the headline did n't specify who gave this hint and thus left room for speculations . 
  i 'm afraid there may be a problem with the independent headlines in particular . 
  they seem to be a bit clickbaity as of late . 
   swedish intelligence agency says there is ` real and serious security threat ' -- hinting at russian aggression and then  * while he did not explicitly talk about russia * , non-nato member sweden stationed permanent troops on the baltic sea island of gotland in september . 
  so , is n't it a journo who is ` hinting ' here to get more clicks ? 
  oh , look , another one . 
  what does any of this have to do with the topic at hand ? 
  moscow has been a major educational , transportation and economic hub for a long time now , all of this regardless of a person at the helm or even - you wo n't believe this !, 
  - a particular political system . 
  i beg to differ . 
  there is nothing ` ridiculous ' about my statement . 
   nato and the eu currently have 22 member countries in common . 
  and therefore have common interests . 
  please , educate yourself on the subject before engaging in pointless discussions just for the sake of arguing . 
  --  [ nato : relations with the european union ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_49217.htm ) have a nice day . 
  i 'm losing your train of thought . 
   it 's clear as day you tried to antagonize eu/nato i give up . 
  have a nice day . 
  how the hell is it related to the topic ? 
  well , i care about parasites , both big and small . 
  your point being ? 
  and i 've been asking for porsche 911 but guess what , no one answers !, 
   russian propaganda is working on 100 %  russian propaganda  propaganda implying that i 'm a brainwashed idiot , huh ? 
  seriously , why are you balts always so quick to throw an insult over a completely innocent remark like that ? 
  who bloody cares about what kind of indoctrination you 've been through . 
  believe in what you want and let other people have their own opinion . 
  belarus is a small country with a well educated population , no transition can be as bad as russia had it back then . 
  as someone who lived through the entirety of the 90s , i had n't even noticed it was bad until the crisis of 1998 happened  i 'm fairly sure you guys would be fine in a very short time . 
  the topic is about belarus , mind you . 
  one should n't underestimate the importance of this country for nato , even though it might be completely useless for the eu , money wise . 
  then again , it 's naive to think that nato would n't pressure the eu into getting its way if given a chance . 
  let 's not get into technicalities . 
  do you guys have any nato troops in your country ? 
  that 's where they are . 
  flawless logic , hats off . 
  just because we have had our own parasites for decades , we are somehow obligated for breastfeeding others , is it what you were getting at ? 
  for starters , not many of these ` poor bastards in belarus ' have ever seen this russian money . 
  luka takes a good care of it . 
  on the other hand , in case of the hypothetical breakup with rufed , i 'm fairly sure that the eu would gladly throw them a helping hand in exchange for a few military installments on their territory . 
  like it happened with the baltic countries back then .
