  the same ca n't be said for other big western energy companies , or for russia 's oil production . 
  the sanctions , put in place by the u.s. and european union in 2014 after russia 's annexation of the crimea region of ukraine , were meant to limit russia 's pursuit of new technology for extracting more crude oil and natural gas . 
  the measures specifically targeted deepwater drilling planned in the black sea , arctic operations and the use of fracking technology in siberia . 
  the terms were a blow to exxon because drilling in those areas was at the heart of a landmark deal the company struck a few years before to partner with state oil firm pao rosneft . 
  the company sought a waiver from u.s. sanctions to drill in the black sea , but was rejected last month by the trump administration . 
  at the same time , some of the company 's european rivals are moving ahead with projects in russia , many under partnerships begun before the sanctions . 
  bp plc was allowed to keep its nearly 20 % stake in rosneft , which contributed $ 590 million to its net earnings in 2016 . 
  italy 's eni e -0.65 % spa is preparing to drill a black sea well later this year as part of a partnership with rosneft , and also plans to explore the arctic waters of russia 's barents sea . 
  the company has proceeded because the eu allowed partnerships in place at the time of sanctions to continue , eni has said . 
  [ [ infographic ] ] ( https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/bf-aq497a_rusan_9u_20170508102111.jpg ) the u.s. did n't grant exemptions for existing partnerships , as exxon 's experience showed . 
  an eu spokeswoman said that while some differences exist between how sanctions have been applied by different countries , these have been limited and do n't undermine the overall impact of the restrictions . 
  other european companies proceeding with projects in russia include norway 's statoil as a , which has another pre-existing venture with rosneft in russia 's samara region that will require advanced drilling techniques similar to modern fracking in the u.s. -- wherein sand , water and other chemicals are blasted into layers of dense rock to release oil and gas . 
  the company also continues an oil-drilling project in siberia . 
  france 's total sa , tot -0.74 % together with a russian partner subject to sanctions , is building a massive natural-gas export plant , a project that advanced in spite of financing limitations related to sanctions by turning to china . 
  the companies have said they obtained clearance from the eu to proceed . 
  sanctions did n't prevent royal dutch shell plc and four other european companies last month from announcing $ 10 billion in financing for a natural-gas pipeline to germany that the eu opposes . 
  while some diplomatic and oil-industry experts believe the sanctions have crimped russia 's oil progress , the uneven application of the restrictions has led to questions about how effective they have really been . 
  `` when sanctions are not uniform across the board , you get unintended consequences , '' said bill arnold , a former shell executive and senior vice president of the u.s. export-import bank who teaches about the geopolitics of oil at rice university . 
  `` if the ultimate objective was to curb russian industry , it is n't clear that 's taken place . '' the sanctions were n't specifically designed to curb current russian oil production , and they have n't . 
  output rose above 11 million barrels a day last year , the highest level in decades . 
  that reflects more than the limits of sanctions . 
  other economic forces , such as a sharp devaluation of the ruble , played a role . 
  companies in the country have been able to sell oil in dollars and pay for drilling with russia 's currency , allowing them to reduce costs and invest more toward boosting output . 
  by design , the u.s. and eu sanctions on russia were far less extensive than those placed on iran , given the complete dependency of some european countries on russia for natural-gas supplies . 
  in the case of iran , the u.s. levied billion-dollar fines and tried to make it impossible for companies that did business with sanctioned iranian enterprises to access the u.s. financial system . 
  although president donald trump spoke of loosening sanctions on russia during his campaign , political resolve to keep the u.s. sanctions in place has hardened in recent months . 
  last month , secretary of state rex tillerson , exxon 's former chief executive , said relations between the countries had reached `` a low point '' after the pentagon launched airstrikes on a syrian military base believed to have been involved in a chemical-weapons attack against civilians . 
  russia has supported the regime of syrian president bashar al-assad . 
  analysts expect the eu sanctions to be renewed before they expire in july . 
  however , they are reviewed every six months , and debate on whether to keep them could be fiercer by year 's end given new elections , burgeoning energy needs and other factors . 
  in seeking a waiver from the u.s. sanctions , exxon was motivated by a desire to maintain a foothold in one of the world 's last remaining oil frontiers . 
  executives feared the loss of their competitive advantage , winning a hard-fought battle in 2011 to access russia 's vast resources , the first such deal under russian president vladimir putin . 
  the trump administration on april 21 rejected the request , which originally had been made when barack obama was president . 
  recently , the proposal had been circulated among various federal departments , according to people familiar with the matter . 
  an exxon spokesman said the company sought permission to drill in the black sea to `` meet its contractual obligations under a joint venture agreement in russia , where competitor companies are authorized to undertake such work under european sanctions . '' igor yusufov , a former russian energy minister , said sanctions have forced russian producers to use chinese equipment , which was cheaper than u.s. or western equipment but more prone to breakdowns in russia 's extreme conditions . 
  sanctions also limited the flow of money to russian companies , and they have at times upended european companies ' projects . 
  sanctions disrupted shell 's plan to form a strategic alliance with russian gas giant gazprom and forced the company to put on hold efforts to develop siberia 's shale fields . 
  they also appear to have curbed some of mr. putin 's military ambitions voiced after the crimea annexation , said edward chow , a former chevron corp. executive and now an energy fellow at the center for strategic and international studies . 
  `` they have certainly had an impact , '' he said . 
  well , this scrap metal wo n't collect itself !, 
  on a more serious note , there is an opinion that ivan the terrible was labelled as `` terrible '' simply because of his disdain of the russian `` aristocracy '' and , consequently , his nasty crusade against them . 
  i can see why such a move could be seen unfavourably by the medieval establishment , 
  dude , there is no use in listening to these muppets paying lip service to a higher authority . 
  i 'm talking about the people involved . 
  let 's assume that someone woke up one morning and found out that they 're a gay . 
  the last thing you want to do in this case is to inform your friends and relatives , provided that you live in a place like this . 
  the problem to me is that someone named `` maxim , a gay from grozny '' sounds a lot like `` abram goldberg , a philatelist from kabul '' . 
  i just ca n't wrap my head around the possibility of such a thing happening . 
  here in moscow , i 've met my share of gay people from a number of russian cities and their stories are all alike - you do n't wan na be gay while outside of msk/spb . 
  you 're taking this sentence out of context . 
  first of all , ethnicity matters for many , many potential voters . 
  secondly , i personally could n't care less about his ethnicity , he could be a tatar for all i care . 
  i just wanted to stress that his nationalism is n't a problem * for me * . 
  i _ like _ it . 
  and rufed really needs a healthy dose of old-fashioned , _ insular _ nationalism . 
  do you even chart bro ? 
  i was talking about the upward trend . 
  please , be a dear , and give me _ one _ name of a real putin 's crony whose western assets have been frozen or confiscated . 
  they all enjoy visiting their luxury mansions and yachts in both the eu and us as if nothing had happened . 
  what you read in the media or the manufactured outrage of politicians , all of this is just a political circus for the plebs . 
  this time with bears on bicycles !, 
  the dearest leader does n't give a shit about the russians as an ethnicity . 
  he keeps his money in western banks ( surprise !, 
  nobody has touched it so far . 
  really makes you think , ai n't it ? ), 
  and does n't hesitate to shake hands with shady mullahs and the likes of ergo and assad . 
  so yeah , i 'll take the ethnic _ russian _ nationalist and patriot navalny , with all his islamophobia , ethnocentrism and gun-toting , over any and every two-faced western puppet from the kremlin . 
  anyway , now it 's kinda late for that so do n't lose your sleep . 
  today the far right is in the firm grip of the current regime . 
  my reply was not to you in the first place . 
  i 've just pointed out that  their reserves are drying up . 
  is incorrect . 
  the fact that foreign currency reserves do n't necessarily translate to the average citizen 's well-being is kinda self-evident and i see no point in arguing about it . 
  what he used to say 10 years ago is irrelevant . 
  he was neither an `` opposition leader '' nor a politician back then . 
  just an edgy vlogger . 
  plus , here 's a quote from your own source :  in which he used the word ` cockroaches ' to refer to terrorists from the caucasus , is a joke what is so wrong with a youtuber calling names at some terrorists ? 
  i do n't remember navalny pretending to be holier than pope though . 
  personally , i 'd rather him use _ more _ harsh language in that case , so that he could be more appealing to the far right and thus muster extra support among them . 
  [ russia 's foreign exchange reserves ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/foreign-exchange-reserves ) have been growing for two years now . 
  this is a youngster 's point of view , no offence intended . 
  grown women have a slightly different approach to the evaluation of men 's qualities , 
  not exclusively , tho . 
  my point is , it 's kinda preposterous to put all the blame for both trump 's ( or our dearest leader 's for that matter ) success squarely on a certain demographics group . 
  in russia 's case , the lion 's share of putin supporters who would actually vote for him is women above 40 . 
  what does the fact tell us ? 
  nothing , actually . 
  except for the questionable notion that russian women are more susceptible to overt manliness , haha . 
   people who read it and people who vote for putin live in completely different world unfortunately , this is an extremely naive assessment of the situation . 
  that 's like saying `` only hillbillies voted for trump '' . 
  there you go : [ americans claim role in yeltsin win | la times ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/1996-07-09/news/mn-22423_1_boris-yeltsin ) [ rescuing boris | time ] ( http://content.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,136204,00.html ), 
  that 's not news to me , and this is not the thing i was asking about , 
  i take it you have no source . 
  anyway , thanks for the reply . 
   russian users waltz in with `` russia stronk , krim nash , etc. , etc. '' . 
  all three of them . 
  got any sources to back up that claim ? 
  make no mistake , i do n't think you 're lying on purpose or something , it 's just a thing that i find extremely hard to believe in , 
  well , everyone can see first hand on reddit how it 's true . 
  i do n't need `` our '' media to tell me that .
