   the total number of cases filed over 2015 was 64,834 , with the highest number -- 13,832 -- filed from ukraine . 
  russia was the country with the second biggest number of suits filed with 9,207 , while turkey was third with 8,446 and italy fourth with 7,567 . 
  russia is `` a top violator '' among tiny european countries mainly due to its large population . 
  per capita wise , romania looks more worrisome . 
  still , these numbers are not something to be proud of . 
  wrt human rights , the overall situation in rufed is quite bad . 
  our glorious [ kopal ` hen ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/igunaq ) laughs at capitalistic surstr\u00f6mming !, 
  according to an order that putin signed today , russia [ withdraws ] ( https://lenta.ru/news/2016/11/16/mus/ ) from the icc . 
  so true . 
  nothing anti-social in such behavior . 
  there are dedicated times and places for having a political discussion ( mostly limited to whining and badmouthing politicians ) with strangers , such as a queue in a social security office or a queue in a clinic . 
  or loonies . 
  still , no doubt that such barbarity would be frowned upon . 
  my first thought was : who on earth would be chatting in a tram , esp in moscow of all places ? 
  mmm no . 
  the gov ' t is the one to sort out internal economic problems . 
  putin & co is all about ideology/foreign affairs . 
  the only link between the two is money , i.e. , state budget issues . 
  a crackdown on the liberal wing of the government has been long overdue . 
  maybe it 's the start ? 
   in the tram , strangers chatted to one another about the number of electoral college votes in ohio versus california . 
  people yelled into their cell phones at the supermarket , relaying results in north carolina and florida . 
  on the street , i caught snatches of conversation between two older women walking arm in arm , talking about `` white america '' and the `` racial divide '' on their evening stroll . 
  an incompetent clown at the helm means there must be someone else pulling the strings . 
  if trump 's team , which is made of hardcore republican nutjobs , is anything to go by , trump is gon na be the bush 2.0 - except this time , he is not alone in the me . 
  this is n't going to go well , thats for sure . 
  in comparison to trump , mrs clinton may be corrupt , arrogant , hawkish or straight out bloodthirsty - i 'm referring to her `` we came we saw he died '' , which is not really different from what your average mobster would have said about his rival . 
  still , she was a career politician . 
  being a president is her _ job _ . 
  i take it he just wanted to make his point with the whole election thing . 
  well , he 's done that . 
  now what ? 
  could n't agree more with your assessment of mr trump . 
   bicycle that 's an interesting way to spell `` tank '' ... 
   bicycle that 's an interesting way to spell `` tank '' ... 
   bicycle that 's an interesting way to spell `` tank '' ... 
  have you been living under a rock for the last three years ? 
  things can go south overnight . 
  should the dearest leader pull some next level shit tomorrow and what will happen in this case with a russian tourist stranded in a western country ? 
  when every single newspaper screams non stop about `` russian aggression / influence '' , regardless of whether it is warranted or not . 
  so it 's just better to sit out the whole thing and go somewhere else in the meantime . 
  let 's not fool ourselves by pretending `` it 's only about putin 's regime '' - things just do n't work like that in the real world . 
  both russia and the west to some degree are on war footing now , which is , truth be to told , not for the first time . 
  the only weird stuff about it is that we still can chat with each other . 
  because this is a thing that was , putting it mildly , frowned upon in the past . 
  it comes as no surprise that our tourists are unlikely to take such warnings seriously . 
  when there were riots in egypt a while ago , and travel warnings were issued , do you think it stopped anyone from going there ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  plus , a lot of people do n't give a damn about the news and such , because they do n't read or watch anything `` political '' . 
  because it 's `` depressing '' . 
  no so long ago , a good friend of mine was seriously planning a european trip and it took me two bloody hours of shouting at her and showing a number of my bookmarked links to fill her in and talk her out of that plan . 
  better safe than sorry , is n't that what they say ? 
  it always grinds my gears when people do n't pay attention to the world around them . 
  being young is not an excuse for recklessness . 
  nothing in particular . 
  our chauvinism is kinda selective and mostly limited to hatred towards n caucasian minorities . 
  and - stans . 
  should n't have stalin in our collective history then . 
  you know , to prevent exploiting it by liberals and westerners . 
  it 's kinda obvious that a message sent by bbc the almighty would have a much bigger impact than that of erdogan . 
  i mean , come on . 
  the author has a point tho . 
  the recent efforts aimed at whitewashing stalin 's regime off its crimes serve no other purpose than further empowering the ruling elite of today . 
  birds of a feather and all that . 
  the author has a point tho . 
  the recent efforts aimed at whitewashing stalin 's regime off its crimes serve no other purpose than further empowering the ruling elite of today . 
  birds of a feather and all that . 
  i have got plenty of things to say about russian men as well , so please calm your tits . 
  i mean , the idea that a surplus of _ older _ women in russia ( due to the binge drinking of russian men and their early death in result ) may somehow lead to the left turn towards a more socially oriented society is so far removed from reality that i do n't even know where to start . 
  as it stands for now , the average putin voter is a 40 + woman . 
  who is , usually , vehemently homophobic , incredibly dumb , aggressive and narrow minded , and on top of that tends to show the great appreciation of macho culture . 
  so there 's that . 
  you did n't know about that because this quote is a load of bs . 
  especially in the `` we showered russia with money '' part . 
  the west has always been pretty strict about collecting soviet debts . 
  and imf loans are not exactly money handouts . 
  my instinctive distrust is limited to the us/russia/arab countries . 
  i do n't believe president trump or any other american official for that matter . 
   an old man walks into a pub in scottland , his feet shuffling , his back bent . 
  he drags himself onto a stool and orders a beer . 
  placing the full glass in front of him , the bartender inquires upon his sad face . 
   the man answers with a smoky and trembling voice and a scottish accent :  ah , tell ya man !, 
  this pub , this very pub we 're just sitting in . 
  i built it , with me own hands !, 
  but do they call me the pubmaker ? 
  naa !, 
  see the wall over there , that protects our town ? 
  i built it , with me own hands !, 
  but do they call me the wallmaker ? 
  and the bridge , you know , that crosses our river , i built it , with me own hands !, 
  but do they call me the bridgemaker ? 
   but i tell ya , man !, 
  you fuck one goat !, 
  [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=goatfucker ) the u.s. has fucked its `` goat '' by lying about the presence of wmds in iraq and consequently starting a war of aggression under false pretences . 
  since then , every time i see a u.s. official saying something , or read some official statement coming from the u.s , i just ca n't shake the feeling that they are lying right into my face . 
  for the record : the same goes for every single russian official . 
  just in case you were going to attack this comment because of my russian flair , 
  a consulate ( or an immigration lawyer for than matter ) can only help you with fast tracking / streamlining your citizenship application . 
  it may have worked for one guy and failed for another . 
  there are no guarantees whatsoever .
