  [ war crimes of the armed forces and security forces of ukraine : torture and inhumane treatment | osce ] ( http://www.osce.org/pc/233896?download=true ) -----  overwhelming evidence of ongoing war crimes , including torture and summary killings of prisoners , serve as a stark reminder of the brutal practices being committed on a near-daily basis in eastern ukraine 's conflict , amnesty international said in a comprehensive new briefing today . 
   [ breaking bodies : torture and summary killings in eastern ukraine ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/documents/eur50/1683/2015/en/ ) provides compelling evidence of frequent and widespread prisoner abuse by a broad range of captors on both sides of the conflict . 
   former prisoners described being beaten until their bones broke , tortured with electric shocks , kicked , stabbed , hung from the ceiling , deprived of sleep for days , threatened with death , denied urgent medical care and subjected to mock executions . 
   < ...   on the pro-kyiv side , a report by a former prisoner held by right sector , a nationalist militia , was especially disturbing . 
  using an abandoned youth camp as an ad hoc prison , right sector has reportedly held dozens of civilian prisoners as hostages , brutally torturing them and extorting large amounts of money from them and their families . 
  amnesty international has alerted the ukrainian authorities to these specific allegations but has not received a response . 
   amnesty international has found that both sides are arbitrarily holding civilians who have not committed any crime , but who sympathize with the opposing side . 
  the organization spoke to civilians who were detained and beaten merely for having photographs from the euromaydan protests on their mobile phones , or for having telephone numbers of separatist contacts . 
  [ ukraine : overwhelming new evidence of prisoners being tortured and killed amid conflict | amnesty international ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2015/05/ukraine-new-evidence-prisoners-tortured-and-killed-amid-conflict/ ), 
  yeah , and considering the sheer number of casualties inflicted , every single toy replica of ak must 've been personally hand crafted by the devil . 
  apples and oranges . 
  ksa , as well as many other me and gulf countries ca n't be held for a higher standard . 
  at very least , not in the foreseeable future . 
  i think that most of us would be happy if only the saudis stopped beheading people left , right , and center . 
  rufed , on the other hand , is pretty much capable to become a normal european country one day , provided that on the day before that it ceases to act like a school bully . 
  hence the difference in the amount of the attention drawn to the country 's wrongdoings . 
  has it ever been illegal ? 
  i thought only sharing was illegal . 
  it did n't get much traction so i assume it was political trolling . 
  kinda reminds me of one russian politician , what 's his face , who proposed to bar well educated people from leaving the country . 
  i bet the two dearest leaders share ideas with each other . 
  ai n't it lovely . 
  that 's because most officials in rufed are entirely being at mercy of one guy who can put an end to their careers on a whim . 
  if not worse . 
  admitting the guilt would cost them dear . 
  whereas denying everything is a well known practice of sweeping fuckups under the rug . 
  even though the official position may look stupid from afar , it does n't mean that the people involved are being unreasonable . 
  it 's like the rule on talking with cops : no matter what you 've been promised by them , never , _ never _ admit your guilt . 
  because the cops have no mercy . 
  or dignity , for that matter . 
   meanwhile , mr rycroft , ms power and french ambassador francois delattre ** walked out of the security council when syria 's ambassador was called to speak ** - in a show of anger and frustration by the west . 
  yeah , this is the thing i used to do every time i was arguing with my ex . 
  what 's the point of holding a meeting then ? 
  will the untermensch be forced to sew red stars onto their clothes ? 
  yeah , totally shocking / s the real opposition did n't participate in the last elections . 
  not to mention that the last independent pollster , levada , was conveniently banned a week before the elections happened . 
  it 's called ` bargaining ' . 
  if russian planes start flying with transponders turned on , they will need to make sure that the us does the same . 
  no one is going to blink first . 
   it 's not the case for majority of people oh , are you sure ? 
  tbf , tolstoy is hardly an irrelevant politician . 
  he is a figurehead of the leading political party in rufed . 
  had your great grandfather been alive today , he would have been ashamed of you , pyotr !, 
  or maybe , just maybe , the _ real _ voters turnout outside of msk/spb was just as low ? 
  assuming that the preliminary results are consistent , putin 's `` united russia '' is going to win the vast (  2/3 ) majority of parliament seats and as a result they wo n't even need to pretend they care about other parties ' opinion anymore . 
  strange that nobody seems to have evaluated the main outcome of this elections . 
  brace yourself , little shits . 
  the new parliament is designed to fast-track new laws in wartime . 
  what about [ kicking a fallen old man in the guts ] ( https://112.ua/kiev/pod-posolstvom-rf-v-kieve-izbili-cheloveka-339464.html ) , does it count as an attack ? 
  sorry , but your link was censored due to the sheer amount of raw twitter and fb screenshots - posting someone 's personal info is against the reddit rules . 
  yes and no . 
  most neo-nazis i used to know belonged to the ` white power ' type , which was peppered with a fair amount of pagan slavic mythology . 
  so , from their point of view , ` adik ' was completely wrong about the whole ` untermensch ' thing regarding the slavs and the russians in particular . 
   but it has decreased in value dramatically in just two years , falling from # 67bn in 2014 to just # 23bn in september 2016 . 
  the central bank still has around [ $ 400bn ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/quote/rurefeg:ind ) in its reserves . 
  this is why the common people need to be talked to , instead of calling them names and branding them as brainwashed . 
  which is exactly what our opposition used to do . 
  it worked , to some extent , in the '90s . 
  now , not so much . 
  i do n't expect any rapid changes either . 
  truth be told , i kinda doubt that protests could help in this particular case . 
  not unless there is nothing left to lose . 
  what is the deal with the western obsession with the dearest leader ? 
  you guys make it sound like he is a demigod or something . 
  having first hand witnessed the fall of the soviets ( not to mention taking a small part in it ) , i know for sure that changes are possible . 
  and the soviets were far more resilient to said changes . 
  and where are they now ? 
  gone . 
  the opposition still exists , by the way . 
  even though i ca n't change the system , it 's entirely within the realm of possibility to go and vote for someone . 
  and hope for the better . 
  not with that attitude , indeed . 
  i feel more optimistic today . 
  the more , the merrier . 
  if it takes the whole internet to be banned just to wake some people up - let them have it , for fuck 's sake . 
  going outside is also a nice thing to do . 
  like , going all the way to a polling booth tomorrow . 
  except i did n't say anything like that , about `` rich and successful '' . 
  at least to me , maybe i 'm dumb or something , it was unclear from the article whether he was a good guy or not . 
  helping in police investigations does n't usually buy you a nice mansion in london . 
  if he was involved in some shady fraud scheming in russia , he could make a lot of enemies . 
   died in 2012 , three years after he fled russia , ** while jogging near his luxurious home ** on a private estate southwest of london am i supposed to feel bad about his death ? 
  well , it depends on the vantage point you 're looking from . 
  can pro-west movements be a threat to the current regime and thus to the country as a whole ( from their point of view ) ? 
  the answer is yes , so ... 
  funny , this kind of rhetoric is exactly the same as being used against critics of the dearest leader by pro-regime crowds in rufed . 
  what difference does it make ? 
  the outcome is the same : everyone and their grandma just assume that any russian is a thug , until proven otherwise . 
  imagine if the black people were _ always _ called `` niggers '' or `` colored '' and _ always _ portrayed as criminals by the media . 
  how would we describe such media in that hypothetical case ? 
  this is exactly how the western media looks like to me , regardless of the amount of state sponsoring . 
  leaving the moral issue aside , i still do n't understand why inter was attacked for allegedly being a ` kremlin mouthpiece ' . 
  from what i 've gathered ( sadly , from the recent commentary of shariy , as much as i dislike him ) , their narrative pretty much falls in line with other ` patriotic ' tv channels in ukraine . 
   there is also a rather smaller issue about don , with some feeling more ukranian and some slavs wanting kuban really ? 
  these are the ones of the most ` vatnick-ish ' regions in rufed , inhabited by the descendants of southern cossacks and such . 
  it 's possible that they wanted to gain some independence from moscow because moscow had been too decadent and westernized for their taste , but now that kiev changed its course to the west it 's doubtful that they want it anymore . 
  what do you think swift is ? 
  this system is not vital for making banking transactions . 
  big business may as well switch back to using fax machines . 
  small businesses and tourists and are the only ones who would be royally fucked up .
