  too late , the winter has already come . 
  it would be great if the ussr shared a meal with its citizens sometimes . 
  perhaps , germans were responsible for the absence of food . 
  j/k , but i watched a docu ( western made ) about the ddr and was told about efforts made by russian government to improve an image of the workers ' paradise named eastern bloc . 
  moscow was spending a lot of currency obtained from foreign trading in order to buy normal food and fill shelves in eastern germany . 
  have no idea , how this point of view is far from the reality , though . 
  propaganda or not , but , say , riga was way better than moscow in the late 80s when it comes to food and basic goods . 
  i 've been visiting my family there when i was a kid . 
  the city seemed pretty european for me , though , maybe it was only my enthusiastic impression . 
  edit : grammar . 
  honestly , the situation in crimea is too murky for speculations . 
  i just want to remind you that there was the same patriotic hysteria in russia ... in 1914 . 
  even revolutionary movement has stopped its propaganda and jumped in patriotic band-wagon . 
  ratings of the emperor 's family were reached 100 % ... four year later this family were shot by the same people those were rallying around the flag not so long ago . 
  `` levada centre '' has reported yesterday that approval rating of putin had drifted down from 86 % to 83 % for the first time in this year . 
  it 's too early to make predictions , ofc . 
  the ussr was extremely inefficient in retrieving benefits from conquered territories . 
  appointment to a job in the western country , like poland or east germany has been considered as a huge luck in the late ussr . 
  because they had food and clothes . 
  at the same time , grocery shelves in my neighborhood in moscow were filled with 3 liter jars of apple juice , marinated seaweed and canned sprats in tomato sauce . 
  that was all . 
  i wonder , who ate all the food ? 
  i bet poles did it , they were filthy rich in those times . 
  what do you mean by `` all this time '' ? 
  we 've reached the point of no return as one rider headed into the third lap around kremlin . 
  i do n't think that many except the poor and foreigners and `` experts '' are listening to putin , his words usually are smoke and mirrors . 
  capital flight is a normal state for russian economy , it got a burst of speed this year after crimea because people with money realized that the country ~ ~ went full retard ~ ~ has become nearly impossible to forecast , and now it 's official . 
  there 're many reasons that attribute to the growing crisis . 
  capital flee and oil price caused a chain reaction , i guess . 
  how dare you call them spies ? 
  muh russian patriots , whatever it means , haha . 
  huh . 
  just long-term deposit in the bank which was * suddenly * sanctioned . 
  also , even i 'd say goodbye to interest , the exchange rate they currently offer is just ridiculous . 
  so , there is nothing to do right now . 
  mind you , establishing control along the border is not going to be a cakewalk . 
  it 's up to military on both sides . 
  securing this requires a much larger effort than before the conflict , when the rus-ukr border was almost transparent . 
  rebels have previously claimed that they wo n't let russia to flush them down the toilet without consequences . 
  from what i read in the net , by now , many independent groups and warlords are operating within the dnr/lnr . 
  this area is going to be full yugoslavia in the winter . 
  i regret of a fate of locals though . 
  do n't tell me . 
  i 've already lost 25 % of savings since the beginning of the year . 
  `` ordinary russians '' are fucked up in either way . 
  you 're in trouble when you give up your right to take a part in domestic politics . 
  honestly , i 'm yet to see any changes in the public attitude . 
  they ca n't get out of donbass . 
  in this case armed militants will flee to mother russia . 
  despite the nato 's narrative i 'm sure the vast majority of separatists are either local thugs or mercs from russia . 
  it 's extremely doubtful that moscow can control them all . 
  several thousands heavily armed mobsters in the southern russia wo n't end up well , regardless of regime 's efforts . 
  no one was going to help anyone , neither in russia nor in crimea . 
  us , peasants , are the losers in the geopolitical dick-waving contest . 
  crimea is just a big piece of land surrounded by the sea full of jellyfish . 
  it can not be betrayed and you do n't have to be so pompous . 
  pursuing interests of its inhabitants does n't make sense . 
  especially , when 40 % of working people in russia are living below the poverty line . 
  do n't they deserve help in the first place ? 
  i do n't think that crimeans are better than others . 
  let them wait in line for decade or two . 
  that 's not going to happen anytime soon - if ever . 
  the regime ca n't hand over crimea back to ukraine . 
  sanctions wo n't be lifted until the end of occupation . 
  plain and simple . 
  i 'm guessing this study did n't take a vocabulary into account , right ? 
  when it comes to nouns in russian , turns out all these words came from another languages , except a subset which reflects an everyday life in medieval village amongst the forest . 
  on the other hand , most verbs in russian which have not stem from nouns are original , if i remember correctly . 
  edit : just to clarify , most scientific terms came from greek/latin , medicine and biology - latin , 19th century town life ( transportation , apartments , clothes , cuisine ) - french , sailing - german , modern days ' it - fully english . 
  and many , many random words have been acquired from turk/tatar/ugric languages in medieval times . 
  to be honest , i think we have our own words only when it comes to a forest/field/village house background . 
  or religion , because the bible and church slavonic . 
  russia is acting like a drunk hobo nowadays . 
  beating the shit out of the closest neighbor and showing middle finger to the rest of the world including cops - that is exactly how russian behavior looks like at the moment . 
  one day , sobriety will come back again . 
  there is a good chance to suffer the worst hangover ever . 
  this guy was one of the brightest actors though . 
  he played in several pretty good movies . 
  i remember him in the movie called '' \u041d\u043e\u0433\u0430 '' ( `` leg '' ) , it probably was the saddest movie about the consequences of the afgan war . 
  and kiselev , who proposed `` to burn gays hearts '' was a liberal journalist , multilingual , well-educated . 
  when i was working on state-owned tv in the 90s , i 've heard interesting rumors about him , if you know what i mean . 
  even orthodox freak milonov contributed much to the liberal movement . 
  what has happened to them ? 
  money ? 
  maybe . 
  power ? 
  i doubt they 've got any . 
  retardness ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i 'm refusing to admit that people can bury the past and betray their ideals . 
  fuck , i feel like an old idiot right now . 
  leftists should grow a pair , for starters . 
  that 's why i feel it 's time to attend the upcoming `` russian march '' in moscow . 
  from what i read in the internet this rally should be pro-ukrainian . 
  the world gone mad . 
  you 'd be even more amused if realize that russian liberals ( let 's call them ` leftists ' ) as well as right-wingers condemn his deeds , for different reasons . 
  from the point of view of russian far right such conspiracy makes sense . 
  during last decade , russia has alienated its entire neighborhood . 
  moreover , if anything could push ukraine closer towards nato , aside from aliens ' invasion , then russia did it this year . 
  granted , it sounds crazy but russia did everything for improving image of us/eu/nato among the ex-ussr countries .
