  plus you have to prove you have at least some property and/or family in russia . 
  depends on an entry country , an applicant may be required to show up for a consulate interview . 
  as someone who once went through this not so lengthy but a bit messy process - no fucking way i 'm gon na do it again . 
   anyone can go out and look for it or travel a bit outside of russian borders . 
  you must be kidding . 
  outside of the tiny middle class , a very few people would ever be able to get a visa to any western country , let alone the fact that such a trip would cost them a fortune . 
  i really like navalny and still hope he would make a good president one day but geopolitics is not his strongest suit . 
  that being said , a leader lacking in geopolitical ambitions would be a godsend for this country . 
  they are only considered ` russians ' when they pull some crap like that . 
  at all other times , they are universally seen as a poster child of the western press from 10 years ago , brave freedom fighters brutally oppressed by le ebil russians . 
  convinient , is n't it ? 
  what do you think ` federation ' in rufed stands for ? 
  autonomous republics have their own parliaments , presidents , police forces , media and education in native languages . 
  \\* chechen asylum seekers . 
  for a russian , germany is basically a no go country to seek asylum in . 
  they only accept persecuted minorities from rufed . 
  i 'm not surprised by that , thank you . 
  from what i see , eastern europeans are too dense to understand why collective and/or inherited responsibility was deemed a bad thing at some point and i do n't even blame them for that . 
  after all , abstract humanistic concepts are hard to grasp . 
  how can all of the russians not share the same worldview ? 
  heresy !, 
  your point being ? 
  i 'm not defending the bloody plaque . 
  but people may have different opinions . 
  if a bunch of old farts wants to see their past days as something glorious , it 's entirely within their rights . 
  [ german war memorials ( with pictures ) ] ( http://www.thirdreichruins.com/memorials.htm ) , at least some of those memorials are dedicated to the wehrmacht soldiers fallen in ww2 . 
  because it 's not about logic , it 's about a primitive manipulation . 
  `` see , the thing x is just as bad as the holocaust . 
  wait , what ? 
  are _ you _ arguing with that ? 
  are n't you a nazi apologist ! '', 
  the holocaust , as a crime , is in a league of its own . 
  it makes no sense to mindlessly compare it with every unfortunate crap happened in history . 
  the straw man you made is so big that it deserves to be burnt down at the burning man festival . 
  arguments ad hitlerum are considered cheap and for a good reason . 
   this russian proposal one of a number of similar proposals . 
  medvedev chimed in today with `` no , we ca n't make pay for your unemployment '' . 
  the idea to tie the right to free healthcare to employment status has been around for quite a while now . 
  sadly , it comes as no surprise that tribalism is alive and well in modern-day europe . 
  whatever helps them feel better about themselves . 
  i do n't think i ever really believed in the `` all people are equal '' narrative coming from the europeans . 
  unless the people they speak about _ are _ europeans too , or , say , americans for that matter . 
  then , it 's correct for the most part . 
  what kind of dispute would that be ? 
  kievan rus ' ceased to exist when it [ fell to the mongol invasion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus%27 ) of the 1240s . 
  before that , the city had been ruled by the the rurikids ( who initially came from novgorod , mind you ) since the 9th century . 
  never seen any star trek episode , sorry . 
  does he speak with a heavy russian accent ? 
  who cares about the classics from the 19th century ? 
  imperial russia has very little connection to the modern day rufed . 
  i mean , hollywood movies give me the impression that nothing good has happened here since the october revolution . 
   the depictions of the enemy is so dehumanizing and stereotypical , you 've just described every single depiction of a russian character in the movies ever made in hollywood , 
  nothing bad nor good . 
  in that case , medvedev will be an interim president . 
  that 's it . 
  a few [ photos ] ( http://ilyavaliev.livejournal.com/7131909.html ) , in case anyone 's interested . 
  welp , in many places it would be challenging to _ live _ on less than $ 10 a day ... 
   he certainly tried to force baltics back into the line . 
  did he ? 
   if there are sane people left in russia way to hold a civilized conversation . 
  why do n't you go back to 4chan and stay there , thanks . 
  if it were n't for gorby , we both would be standing in line for a bag of frozen potatoes now . 
  think about how vastly different your life would be today and why you should n't really take it for granted . 
   i know it seems stupid for an outsider , my extended family lives in riga , and no , they are not ` latvian russians ' , so i know first hand the situation . 
  been witnessing it for the last 30 years . 
   i do n't want to also be aggressive towards you  especially for russians yeah , who am i to question the wrongdoing of the ubermensch germano-baltic master race ? 
  have a nice day . 
  i dunno , some local commanders have done that , who bloody cares . 
  go on , drag a 80 yrs old man before your bloody court . 
  vultures . 
  who 's the murderer , gorby ? 
  man , these are delusions of the grandeur . 
  do you really believe that it was him who gave the order to resist against people 's uprisings here and there ? 
  during its last years the ussr was a total mess . 
  it 's pleasure to see that at least some people here get it right . 
  thank you man . 
  you do n't need to belong to the high society to get off scott free out of troubles . 
  actually , the overall situation in rufed now is way better than it was let 's say 10-15 years ago . 
  at very least , in the nineties or the early 00s that would be unimaginable that the guys like that could be detained / charged at all . 
  as an anecdotal evidence : one well connected ( to the highest echelon of the police ) dude got caught with a small amount of h. guess what his parents were told , when the money question finally popped up ? 
  `` no way in hell he will be cleared of that crap , he will do his time in jail and you better spend this money to butter up some authorities in the penal colony , just to secure his position against the possible troubles . '', 
  gorby is the one who could have easily turned 14 ( ? ), 
  dead bodies in lithuania into 14.000 . 
  the country was entirely at his mercy back then . 
  but he chose not to do that . 
  yet they still blame him . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  unlikely , given that `` his german-made luxury car '' was confiscated . 
   the syrian arab army has held its own for more than five years . 
  its numbers might have been depleted , as is normal for any wartime military , but a close glance at its military reveals that its core , perhaps unexpectedly to many , is sunni . 
  [ why assad 's army has not defected | the national interest ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/feature/why-assads-army-has-not-defected-15190 ) please note that the article was published in an american right-wing rag . 
  daily mail and the sun are the [ two most popular newspapers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_newspapers_in_the_united_kingdom_by_circulation ) in the uk though . 
  the fact that the two are not credible does n't mean that they are not influential . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  making a mental leap from `` a swedish court refused to prosecute the accused for flying the is flag '' to `` sweden _ declares _ something '' is a bit overkill . 
  hence the flair . 
  making sweeping negative generalisations is against the rules of / r/europe and may result in a ban . 
  ever occurred to you why the leaks you mentioned have presented nothing of great significance ? 
  spamming web forums with ` the dearest leader does everything right yadda yadda ' is not a big deal per se . 
  therefore , there is no need for greater secrecy .
