  english language skill of average russian is miserable instead of fellow europeans . 
  also , resent events are not encouraging . 
  isolation of the country will only make things even worse . 
  franlkly , a lot of russians * is * xbox kids but i get an idea , thank you . 
  made-up macho behavior and rudeness are common problems in runet . 
  long , long ago i 've found out that politeness , in general , seems as an attribute of a `` newbie '' among young russians . 
  it 's sad . 
  netiquette is not a thing anymore in casual communication :( behavior inherited from low-class street culture became a common norm . 
  that applies to offline talking as well . 
  yep , you said that . 
  `` promoting '' is bad , `` being '' is ok yet . 
  it was kinda joke , dude . 
  being gay in russia is legal . 
  officially . 
  so , no , it wo n't help , 
  i 've read the documents . 
  there are several ways to come in the us legally . 
  i do n't fit in a status of a refugee or oppressed minority . 
  russia is n't officially at war and i 'm unfortunately not a gay , lol . 
  h1b and marriage are left on the table . 
  i 'd prefer the latter , haha . 
  maybe i was n't clear . 
  i 'm ok with moving to usa . 
  my ex got married to an american and moved overseas , she told me that all is great there and asked me why i 'm still sitting in msk etc. 
  us immigration rules make me sad . 
  if i were a muslim refugee from a war-torn country then odds would be higher . 
  seems like you do n't need more white christian professionals , haha . 
  i could n't say that i share your confidence . 
  on the other hand , i have never ever tried to do so . 
  who knows . 
  hmm , i assume it 's a recent problem . 
  in-game voice chat was n't implemented in those times , haha . 
  thanks , anyway . 
  i 'm just curious , what 's wrong with playing online together with russians ? 
  my apologies , i 'm totally out of the loop . 
  i used to play ultima online on the official osi : europe shard in the late 90s . 
  of course , our guild was relatively small and maybe could n't set a good example ... 
  however , a friend of mine was a guildmaster , he 's from moscow too , but the rest were britons and dutch . 
  ah , i almost forgot to mention one guy from poland , he was a badass , haha . 
  frankly , i 've never noticed that guildmates encountered any problems with us . 
  more so , we 've made several events based on russian fairy tales . 
  hopefully , we had lots of fun . 
  thank you for answer in advance . 
  did you notice ` haha ' , did n't you ? 
  it was a joke . 
  state of russia = / = people of russia since mmm lem me think last elections . 
  read this comment thread again . 
  saint-petersburg ? 
  golden ring ? 
  let alone the siberia/karelia ecotourism places . 
   the point is that none of this would have been an issue if you just did n't go invading 25k spec-ops troops in crimea + several thousands of troops/mercs in e ukraine . 
  the same amount of fellow europeans have joined jihad in me . 
  is europe invading right now ? 
  haha . 
  if you do n't think that i 'm writing this comment sitting in kremlin , would you please avoid such word choice as `` you 're invading '' . 
  at least until the moment of full-scale incursion into eu . 
   i 'm not angry , nor am i a kid . 
  then you should n't start your comment with a ` bs ' . 
  peace !, 
  you 've said exactly the same thing that i said . 
  illarionov , ex-adviser of putin , said that initially war was scheduled on 2015 . 
  i.e. , it should happen after elections , when new ( = effective ) puppet president should have been installed . 
  but yanukovich ruined it all . 
  nope . 
  kirill has nothing in common with such kind of clerics . 
  he 's just a businessman who lives in luxury . 
  the polite vacationers : european edition , haha . 
  imo , i think yanukovich 's presence in the country was irrelevant in such circumstances . 
  shit got real before his escape . 
  i mean , he 's lost his credibility anyway because he has n't * stopped * maidan . 
  i 'd rather say he * allowed * it to happen . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary for the regime . 
  they can ban re-entry to the country or make someone 's life unbearable . 
  loyal persons could * rightfully * stay then others would * willingly * flee . 
  i love how you 've edited your comment . 
  ok , i 'll answer here . 
   and it 's your own fault in the first place anyway what 's your point ? 
  yes , it 's our fault . 
  no , it need n't blame anyone . 
  i bet at least the politicians would love that who cares about politicians ? 
  i bet they 'll be ok and get away with money . 
   what does hate have to do with this ? 
  i just do n't want to change my positive view of the western society . 
  now all i can see is a bunch of angry kids . 
  it does n't help , really . 
  if you can read then you should use imagination . 
  first off : whether you 're a foreign volunteer or local pollster you have to declare purpose of the survey to authorities . 
  second of all : what kind of crazy would give you a honest answer in this case ? 
  btw , i took a part in a phone poll in the spring . 
  political one . 
  guess what ? 
  i 've given right answer . 
  i 'm not * so * crazy . 
  can you even read ? 
  no gallup , no pew , no biker mice from mars , no one could make a poll here , at least ~ ~ from ~ ~ since the recent times . 
  foreign ngos are banned or being under government control and surveillance . 
  hell , a journalist who had some questions about mythic siberia independence was disappeared . 
  good luck with managing a poll in such conditions . 
  edit : a word . 
   he got their votes nope , he did n't .
