   family members of osama bin laden were on board a private jet which crashed in hampshire on friday , the saudi arabian embassy in the uk has said . 
   it came down near blackbushe airport , close to the surrey border , killing the pilot and all three passengers . 
  it 's noticeable . 
  to emigrate you need to be either young & healthy or filthy rich . 
  also , given the latest developments , the last thing i expect from any civilized country is to be welcoming for the russians . 
  so , nope . 
  coz the government will most likely fight to the last citizen ? 
  pushkin had close ties with the decabrists , he was a secret member of the group . 
  that makes him as anti-tsarist as it gets . 
  keeping a nose to the wind is a national sport in both countries . 
  funny , in the runet i 've been called out as a filthy liberal and a national traitor , here - as a putinbot and a dumb asshole . 
  alas , no place for an old fart like me !, 
  * walks away in tears * ps : #symptoms of paranoia -- * the `` diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders '' , fourth edition ( dsm-iv ) , the us manual of the mental health professional ; lists the following symptoms for paranoid personality disorder : * - preoccupied with unsupported doubts about friends or associates . 
  - suspicious ; unfounded suspicions ; believes others are plotting against him/her . 
  - perceives attacks on his/her reputation that are not clear to others , and is quick to counterattack . 
  - maintains unfounded suspicions regarding the fidelity of a spouse or significant other - reads negative meanings into innocuous remarks . 
  - reluctant to confide in others due to a fear that information may be used against him/her . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.depression-guide.com/paranoia.htm ), 
  by all means he was one of the best russian poets , if not the best . 
  by the way , in the soviet propaganda , the negative feelings towards tsarist russia had been always portrayed as the condemnation of the tsarist * regime * , not as a grudge against this backwards country itself . 
  like , it was the bad tsars and aristocracy who 's been held responsible for all the shit , but the people , our people are pure gold !, 
  and , in the * soviet * russia , it 's all fine and dandy . 
  i think you mixed him up with someone else . 
  pushkin got shot and passed away in 1837 . 
  omg , literally * billions * !, 
  it 's almost like i got $ 20 in change from them . 
  granted , my thanks go to all those who helped , but i returned the favor tenfold by paying for wow , hahaha !, 
   sooo , you completely forgot russian reports on piles of debris * `` of course , i despise my motherland , but it 's disappointing for me , if a foreigner feels the same ... '' * - alexander pushkin . 
   a war with who and why ? 
  if only i knew that . 
  most likely an internal conflict though . 
  ps : thank you for your kind words and hope for better days . 
  definitely it 's not the case here . 
  it 's ridiculous that a russian redditor ca n't even mention the us without being accused of whataboutism . 
   disarmed and happy . 
  that 's one wise solution when you live next to a country that is ten times more populated than yours . 
  i 'm sure almighty yurop will be the first out to defend a disarmed country ... like they are doing it right now in ukraine . 
  agreed . 
  only negative is that it 's always `` me '' who dies first and then imperialism that follows . 
  i mean , when it comes to the practical implementation , haha . 
   tu quoque ( / tu\u02d0\u02c8kwo\u028akwi\u02d0 / ; [ 1 ] latin for `` you , too '' or `` you , also '' ) or the appeal to hypocrisy is an informal logical fallacy that intends to discredit the validity of the opponent 's logical argument by asserting the opponent 's failure to act consistently in accordance with its conclusion ( s ) . 
  care to explain how it applies to my comment ? 
   am i being russophobic for stating facts ? 
  `` russophobic '' , my ass . 
  i 'm not saying that you 're a paid shill or smth like this . 
  more so , you may well be right in thinking the way you do . 
  who knows at this point ? 
  the crusade can be for good and for bad , do n't be such a girl . 
   this is n't just one shady pollster , this is one of the most respected pollsters in russia ; there 's no respected pollsters left in russia . 
  how would you ask someone 's opinion on , dunno , the annexation of crimea if a honest answer could land them to jail ? 
  needless to say that approving of putin would encompass a wide range of things . 
   so you 're saying mh17 being shot down by russia/russian buk violates the geneva convention ? 
  i did n't get it . 
   we are punishing the russian government by restricting access to western products to the russian people . 
  that 's what i 'm whining about . 
  above all , why had the gov ' t been excluded from the punishment ? 
  would n't they be the first to be held responsible ? 
  i was responding to this :  russia is treated like any other country that is n't the us . 
  * the law is for others but not for me and my buddies . 
  do you suggest us to die for the sake of the western countries ? 
  haha , that 's rich . 
  if so , i truly hope they 'll have their teeth broken , once and forever . 
   article 33 . 
  no persons may be punished for an offense he or she has not personally committed . 
   collective penalties and likewise all measures of intimidation or of terrorism are prohibited . 
   pillage is prohibited . 
   reprisals against persons and their property are prohibited . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_geneva_convention answering to a shady pollster : `` yeah , i like what the dearest leader stands for '' does n't make one responsible , even expressing direct support does n't . 
  i suggest you to remember about it in your crusade . 
   no the us and western europe have tried hard to embrace russia and help her into the community care to name a few `` acts of embracing '' ? 
  i only remember the imf loan when russia defaulted on its debts in 1998 . 
  but hey , it was a loan , not the charity , and we paid it off in 2005 . 
  ah , there also have been the `` bush legs '' selling in the 90s . 
   when this happens it 's easier to be offended and never listen to anything they say . 
  but it 's not wise . 
  well , it wo n't be me who 's going to argue against this point !, 
  however , people are people . 
  in this society , the siege mentality has been playing a negative role for centuries . 
  couple that with a hyped up sense of insecurity and paranoia about a foreign invasion ( not as baseless as it may seem , if history is anything to go by ) and you get a pretty grim picture . 
  old habits die long . 
  i know jack shit about the economy , to be honest . 
  it 's hard to say anything good about that . 
  most liberal ( = anti-regime ) analysts tend to predict a steady decline in all sectors of the domestic production activity . 
  most likely , it will be going downhill unless the currency reserves is not over . 
  higher inflation rate -  lower real wages -  less spending -  at first , more unemployment outside the real sector -  and then more unemployment in the real sector . 
  god knows what 's next . 
  some people think there will be a war . 
   criticism of their government yeah , but instead of `` criticism of the government '' and freezing the foreign assets of individuals directly responsible for the aggression , they 're just cutting the biggest banks out of the int ' l finance system and imposing an embargo on the export of advanced technology products . 
   russia is treated like any other country that is n't the us ** and their allies ** . 
  ftfy . 
  i did n't say a word about `` russophobia '' , whatever you meant by that . 
  if you want a conversation to keep going , do n't twist my words please . 
  freedom of speech , so as the right to `` ridicule '' everything , is a powerful weapon these days . 
  granted , in the long term , the benefits of free press will make the world a better place , but the ends do not always justify the means . 
  personally , i think that the `` anti-sochi '' campaign has seriously undermined the credibility of the western press in the eyes of an average russian . 
  not that the corruption was not flourishing in sochi - it was . 
  but the general quality of press reporting was quite low , more along the lines of `` ayy lmao look at these piles of debris everywhere , the rooskies ca n't even get their shit together ! '' . 
  fool me once , fool me twice . 
  who would ever take the western journos seriously after that ? 
  not many here are going to listen anymore .
