  i 've met a few spontaneous migrant guys from ukraine here , in moscow and no one of them was running from the `` horrors of war '' or from poverty at that time . 
  they fled the country _ mostly _ because of the possibility to be drafted , all of a sudden . 
  reminds me of the massive draft evasion among the urban population in rufed during the first half of '90s ( because of the 1st chechen war ) . 
  its okay , i remember a dude here , on reddit , mansplaining me that my kin should go extinct by the means of the global nuclear war `` for a greater good becuase you do n't fit to the modern society , nothing personal man '' and nothing personal obviously was involved . 
  it 's just how the westerners roll , i 'm getting used to it . 
  `` better relations '' , oh boy , you ca n't be more wrong . 
  you do n't want to be a central asian guy in russia , full stop . 
  whereas as a balt you would get along just fine with the locals , because nobody really cares . 
   though anyone can easily leave islam and then come . 
  emm , no ? 
  for instance , trump 's travel restrictions were aimed to ban _ citizens _ of the selected muslim-majority countries , regardless of their religion . 
  has it ever been the case that a nato member was attacked and nato came to the rescue ? 
  except it is . 
  [ funny ] ( http://content.gallup.com/origin/gallupinc/gallupspaces/production/cms/poll/qgpqmedaee2g3tbyo3a5ma.png ) how the trend changed its direction in 2012 . 
  `` you '' did n't fight nazi germany because of their flawed ideology or gassing `` inferior '' minorities . 
  if they did n't start expanding towards the east , nazi germany could 've been a thing to this day . 
   the caspian sea is the largest enclosed inland body of water on earth by area , variously classed as the world 's largest lake or a full-fledged sea [ [ wiki ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caspian_sea ) . 
  can be both tho . 
   `` the reporting is very low . 
  it is a very concealed issue , '' says marina pisklakova , head of anna , a moscow-based charity which has been fighting for improved support for victims of domestic violence . 
  `` but things are changing ; there is not as much denial as there was . '', 
  as of yet , it 's unclear which number goes up : the number of _ crimes _ or the number of _ reports _ . 
  granted , it may as well be both , but i think it 's a bit premature to jump to conclusions . 
  one of my neighbours , who i used to be friends with , worked for many years as a cop and he told me that family quarrels are one of the most hated crimes among the cops . 
  thing is , wives tend to withdraw their complaints after having calmed down . 
  and bam !, 
  the wife beater gets off scot free , because , for some strange reasons , it used to be necessary for a wife to press a charge , provided , of course , that there were no visible bruises on her etc. 
   headline said that kremlin told the women to wear their bruises with pride . 
  which is totally made up by the independent , since nothing even remotely close to this phrase seems to be found in the original article published by kp . 
  yeah , except the likes of brzezinsky is the type you guys have continuously elected to rule you over . 
  so it 's on you , too . 
  russia was extremely meek right after the fall of the soviets when your leaders found nothing better than start supporting islamic `` freedom fighters '' within our borders . 
  what goes around , comes around . 
  i have no beef with the europeans , not to mention that the whole conflict has had ( almost ) nothing to do with europe itself , and it 'd be dishonest to absolve my countrymen of the sin of militarism but you picked american warmongers to side with so it seems like we all will pay dearly for it in the future . 
  not that i can speak for all but i would hazard a guess that most people just want to get on with their lives . 
  speaking of the situation at hand , many people see the recent war preparations at the western border as an immediate threat and act accordingly . 
  before that , it was `` nato encroachment on russia 's buffer states '' or whatever the media called it . 
  the west has been fucking with us for too long to be blindly trusted so i ca n't really blame my more simple-minded compatriots for being a bit paranoid about a real or perceived threat coming from it . 
  it 's almost like as if different people can hold divergent opinions on the direction their country should be heading to . 
  as for now , a militaristic party in the government calls the shots , and here i 'm still wondering as to what any of this has to do with my comment . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  your point being ? 
  so true . 
  i think it 's clear at this point that we just ca n't get along , so why even bother arguing with each other . 
  mostly to western powers ' support of the chechen separatists and their backing of yeltsin in the presidential elections of 1996 . 
  so , no different from what it was like in the '90s ? 
  haha, 
  a link to the poll results is broken . 
  i 'd take everything illarionov says with a pinch of salt . 
  let 's say , it 's still possible , in theory , however we 'll need more business oriented people in the government , instead of geopolitical `` 5d chess '' players . 
  nationalistic fever and playing dangerous games usually do n't do good to a country 's economy . 
  on a macroeconomic scale it is , sadly . 
  granted , no sane person would compare ksa with russia , but the shift to selling oil & gas that happened in the early ' 00s is now making the entire country pay for it . 
  i share the general sentiment that any oil-dependent economy is an one-trick pony . 
  diversifying of russia 's economy would have improved the overall situation but as for now it 's too late for that . 
  according to the poll results that i linked , around a half of respondents think that the recent decline in oil prices is # 1 to blame , whereas internal corruption comes second . 
  [ 27 % of the russians ] ( http://www.interfax.ru/business/494350 ) put the blame for the present economic troubles on the western sanctions . 
  so , no , we wo n't `` blame the west '' . 
  all in all , time is more expensive than that . 
  hence the ungodly price for a healthy meal anywhere in moscow 's downtown . 
  plus , as a matter of principle , i normally do n't go to fast food places - got ta stay in shape , 
  i would say that 700 rubles is by no means a lot anywhere in russia . 
  except for old , single pensioners . 
  maybe because it 's a huge stretch to say that this sum is a ` lot of money in russia ' , if not an outright lie ? 
  i used to pay more than that for my lunch every goddamn day when i was working in the central part of moscow . 
  *** investors warm to russian assets *** higher crude prices and improving us relations prompt thaw in attitude * 4 hours ago by : eric platt in new york * investors have warmed to russian assets , welcoming the country in from the cold . 
  russian bond funds counted record inflows in the week to february 1 as higher crude prices and improving relations with the us prompt an investor rotation back into the country . 
  emerging markets more broadly have found renewed investor appetite as the dollar has fallen to an 11-week low . 
  more than $ 1bn flowed into emerging market fixed income and equity portfolios in the past week , the epfr data showed . 
  investors added roughly $ 140m to russian bond funds , lifting the asset class 's haul since the election to nearly $ 700m , while equity funds stretched their streak of additions to 12 consecutive weeks , according to epfr . 
  the inflows have propelled russian equity markets higher , with the msci russia index up 19 per cent since donald trump was elected , and sent yields on the country 's debt lower . 
  russian dollar-denominated credit has returned more than 12 per cent over the past year , including a 1 per cent gain so far this year . 
  investors have pinned their bullish sentiment on a higher oil price , which is expected to buoy economic growth and cut the russian deficit , and a softer us policy stance . 
  on thursday , a modification of sanctions by the us treasury department prompted a brief rally in the rouble before investors fully dissected the change . 
  the move , which the trump administration said was not an easing of sanctions , was meant to benefit us companies . 
  meanwhile , russia is to spend more than rbs113bn ( $ 1.9 bn ) during the next month in an effort to weaken the rouble , marking a reversal from the 2014 foreign exchange shock that forced it to intervene heavily to stop the currency falling too far . 
  the country 's central bank will spend rbs6 .3 bn a day on forex transactions from february 7 to march 6 , the finance ministry said in a statement on friday . 
  the move follows a steady rally in the rouble as the oil price has picked up . 
  economists with bank of america merrill lynch put a `` strong chance '' that the stand-off between russia and the west ends in early 2018 , as political support for the sanctions wanes in europe and the trump administration sends signals that the curbs are subject to negotiation . 
  `` us-russia relations appear likely to improve , '' added win thin , a strategist with brown brothers harriman . 
  `` with inflation likely to continue falling and the central bank likely to cut rates several times this year , we think russian bonds will start to outperform more . '' while overall allocations to emerging market assets remain below the post-crisis average , investors have `` upped allocations '' to russia , according to celso nozema , an economist with the institute of international finance . 
  `` we continue to maintain a positive bias on russia , especially in a world of rangebound oil dynamics , '' strategists with citi added . 
  `` fiscal prudence remains high , with putin confirming that excess revenues from higher-than-forecast oil . 
  would go towards decreasing the deficit rather than increasing spending . '', 
   in june 2014 , a gallup poll with the broadcasting board of governors asked crimeans if the results in the march 16 , 2014 referendum to secede reflected the views of the people . 
  a total of 82.8 % of crimeans said yes . 
   in february 2015 , a poll by german polling firm gfk revealed that attitudes have not changed . 
  when asked `` do you endorse russia 's annexation of crimea ? '' , a total of 82 % of the respondents answered `` yes , definitely , '' and another 11 % answered `` yes , for the most part . '' [ one year after russia annexed crimea , locals prefer moscow to kiev | forbes ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#3b00f3565951 ), 
   put a shame mark on you forever meh , this is not a thing that anyone should be worried about . 
  going to jail for a minor brawl , getting tb & dying in no time - well , that 's a major concern . 
  in the wake of sanctions slapped on moscow after its 2014 annexation of crimea , the kremlin faced some hard choices . 
  the economic sanctions placed the country 's military modernization program in jeopardy , cutting russia off from high-end european-made military sensors , software , ship engines , and other gear that were critical to dragging the once-moribund russian war machine from its rusting post-soviet morass . 
  but according to some defense officials and experts on the russian way of war , even with the potential for sanctions relief under the new administration of president donald trump , moscow has managed to come up with some creative -- and likely permanent -- workarounds that might make the kremlin 's military more adaptable in the long run , and has made moscow some money in the process . 
  one of the more dramatic penalties heaped on moscow was france 's decision in 2015 to cancel the sale of two mistral helicopter carriers to russia , for which paris returned about $ 1 billion that moscow had paid for the ships . 
  while initially a public embarrassment to moscow , in the end , the country managed to make money off of the cancellation . 
  not only did russia get its $ 1 billion back , but it turned around and sold 50 of the ka-52 helicopters already built for the ships -- along with russian-designed communications equipment -- to egypt , which purchased the ships from france with a loan from saudi arabia . 
  one senior u.s. defense official told fp that overall , moscow has n't felt the full impact of truly rigorous sanctions due to a lack of u.s. and western political willpower . 
  `` sanctions have not been strong enough , '' the official , who requested anonymity , told fp . 
  `` in order to have the type of impact you want , you have to go much , much further '' than washington and its european allies have done in banning the sale of military equipment to the russians . 
  specifically , washington did n't secure the buy-in from the international community that it sought , and russia has been tireless in finding cracks in the sanctions effort in places outside of its traditional european supply base .
