  apologies , i 'm not taking this sub too seriously , maybe you should follow my example . 
  yes , it is . 
  it 's whitewashing one of the horrible parts of history of the country . 
  `` a lot more diffucult '' does n't mean `` impossible '' , that 's why i excluded big ones and middle-sized enterprises from the layman 's prognosis above . 
  most probably , they will stay afloat . 
  iirc , cutting from swift would lead to increase of the associated costs by 10-20 % . 
  that said , i 'm not sure about the exact numbers . 
  phew . 
  the glorious 86 % will remain untouched anyway . 
  either they do n't have any savings at all or they 're not interested in traveling abroad , except for turkey & egypt , which would sort it out somehow . 
  so far most of authorities ( including the cops , which all are beautiful ) are being under pressure in order to get them barred from all kinds of the unwanted activities involving foreign countries ( including travel ban ) , i do n't even know , why it 's still so `` nuclear '' option . 
  it would wipe out the small business - who cares , it 's about 10-15 persents of the economy . 
  it would kill the banking sector - sounds like a plan , considering the last tendencies in the russia 's financial market . 
  you 're confusing an insult with the healthy self-criticism that any nation needs . 
  is it ? 
  apparently , i 'm having trouble imagining how the russian accent sounds like . 
  what a bitter generalization !, 
  you guys will always be a top notch in my eyes . 
  most of my family live out there . 
  they 've also been sending us food , as if we 're dying from hunger here . 
  ah , that racist brown rigas bread , a fabulous gay cheese and the nazi-liquor-flavored candy `` prozit '' , all delicious things that make me a non-patriotic swine !, 
  latvia , of course . 
  i guess they ca n't tell one from another . 
  putting politics aside , you 'd have a hard time to find a difference between ukr/rus . 
  both are just as bad , rude and obnoxious drunkards . 
   anybody who assists the regime , has his or her hands in blood of innocents . 
  you put it like that would make any difference . 
  whether you 're siding with the regime or not , you 'll find yourself being fucked up sooner or later . 
  being hated as a russian by the west or being seen as a traitor by a vast majority of the russian populace or having `` blood on the hands '' - either way , what makes one better than another ? 
  do n't even start on the moral stuff , i do n't buy it . 
  `` homo homini lupus est '' - so it was , so it goes , so it will be . 
  i 'd love to know what the regime 's endgame would be . 
  call me a conspiratard but they 're goddamn good at ruining the economy . 
  and they make it really quick , like they do n't have much time . 
  europe , in general , does n't seem too bad with regard to [ air quality ] ( https://waqi.info/ ) . 
  on a side note , wtf with krakow ? 
  it 's just a myth perpetuated by the state owned russian media . 
  it would be nice if they also adapted the [ ipoac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ip_over_avian_carriers ) protocol as a carrier :d, 
  now i see , thanks !, 
  oh , thank you . 
  i always forget that eurovision is so popular here . 
  wtf with `` slovenia in headphones '' ? 
  april 30 , 2016 by : jack farchy two chinese state banks have agreed to lend more than $ 12bn to develop a liquefied natural gas plant in the russian arctic , in a boost for one of president vladimir putin 's flagship projects after us sanctions targeted its largest shareholder . 
  a financing deal for yamal lng , one of the largest in russian corporate history , had been expected to be signed more than a year ago . 
  but negotiations were complicated by us sanctions against novatek , its majority shareholder . 
  novatek is part-owned by gennady timchenko , who is also under us sanctions as a member of mr putin 's `` inner circle '' . 
  on friday , however , export-import bank of china and china development bank signed two 15-year loans , for $ 9.34 bn ( $ 10.7 bn ) and rmb9 .76 bn ( $ 1.5 bn ) on friday , according to regulatory statements from yamal lng . 
  for the kremlin , the $ 27bn yamal lng project has become symbolic of russia 's ability to execute large deals in spite of western sanctions . 
  with friday 's chinese loan , the project -- which is due to start producing lng next year -- has now covered its entire expected financing needs . 
  in addition , the deal represents a significant step in mr putin 's push to boost commercial ties with china since sanctions were imposed on russia by the us and europe over the annexation of crimea . 
  this `` pivot to asia '' has so far disappointed russian executives and politicians , as chinese companies showed no rush to invest . 
  sign upinvalid emailby clicking sign up you confirm that you have read and agree to the terms and conditions , cookie policy and privacy policy . 
  unsubscribe at any time . 
  `` the project has progressed despite the imposition of sectoral sanctions on novatek and a precipitous decline in prices , '' said mark gyetvay , novatek chief financial officer , in a conference call following the company 's quarterly earnings report on thursday . 
  he noted that the project is already more than 50 per cent completed . 
  but a combination of us sanctions and tumbling oil and gas prices has caused negotiations over the financing package for yamal lng to drag on many months longer than expected . 
  sanctions made financing the project in us dollars impossible and led us banks and several european banks to pull out of the financing deal , according to people familiar with the situation . 
  even the chinese banks changed the terms on which they were willing to lend to the project as energy prices fell , the people said . 
  falling energy prices have put lng projects under pressure around the world , with australia 's woodside petroleum last month shelving plans for the $ 40bn browse project . 
  yamal lng 's chinese financing deal follows a $ 3.6 bn loan from russian state-controlled banks sberbank and gazprombank , and 150bn ( $ 2bn ) roubles in support from russia 's national welfare fund , a sovereign fund designed to support the country 's public pension system . 
  shareholders in the project have also invested a total of $ 12.8 bn to date , according to novatek . 
  novatek earlier this year completed a deal to sell a 9.9 per cent stake in the project to china 's silk road fund . 
  other shareholders in yamal lng are cnpc and total , with 20 per cent each . 
  signing the chinese loan deal is a big boost for novatek , russia 's largest independent gas producer , which successfully lobbied for an exemption to gazprom 's gas export monopoly to build the yamal lng project . 
  `` yamal lng is a cornerstone of our ambitious plans to become a global player in the lng markets , '' mr gyetvay said . 
  delays in competing a financing deal have weighed on investor sentiment towards the company , whose largest shareholders include mr timchenko and fellow oligarch leonid mikhelson , as well as total , which owns an 18.9 per cent stake . 
  the video was filmed a year ago , at the 1may rally in spb . 
  you are right to be sceptical about it , no problem . 
  that being said , i went to a similar [ oppositional ] rally in moscow and there have been a lot of foreign flags waving back then . 
  no nato flags , of course . 
  that would be a bit overkill . 
  in all seriousness , i suggest you to report any comments you find offensive and/or abusive . 
  this is what this feature is for . 
  then again , as a general rule : do n't feed the trolls . 
  quite a few , actually . 
  spreading propaganda or conspiracy theories , general unreliability , or simply being a shitty tabloid - all of those reasons are good enough . 
  showing bias towards some country , as a rule of thumb , is not . 
  russian sources are biased towards ukraine , armenian ones - towards azerbaijan and vice versa , and so on and so forth . 
  you just need to keep it in mind when reading . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's been quite a while since that 's happened . 
  mmm , your point being ? 
  a rich dude has a tv channel and a website ; their bias is obviously showing but this is not of our concern . 
  i must admit , i have no goddamn clue what kind of source uatoday is . 
  it 's not like we have a whitelist of fully trusted sources here so we could make a clear judgement on every single link you guys provide . 
  summing all that is known so far of the website is that it 's being aggressively advertised/posted on reddit using seo techniques . 
  which is not a crime per se , mind you . 
  this is a relatively new media outlet , after all . 
  with regard to this particular article : well , ukrainian mod - or any other mod for that matter - is full of shit every once in a while . 
  just take it with a pinch of salt , as you always should do , btw . 
  anyways , to deem some media source as much unreliable to outright ban it , we need something more substantial than what we 've had so far . 
  no witch-hunting here , please . 
  no name calling please , keep it civil . 
  well , both sputnik and daily mail have been banned for a long while now , so _ we _ do n't use them . 
  like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ykhgb_ye7a ) ? 
  here 's the problem though . 
  our internal problems are leaking out to the neighbouring countries . 
  if we had decided to quietly set up a nk-like regime without involving other people , there would not have been such a strong reaction coming from the west . 
  the ability to acknowledge the fact that our country is sliding back into totalitarism is basic self-awareness . 
  how you have the nerve to speak about any kind of `` love and appreciation '' from the western public is beyond me .
