  i 'm afraid it 's nearly impossible to explain verbally . 
  as a general rule , northern accents gravitate to the massive use of ` o ' whereas the moscow accent is infamous due to its overuse of ` a ' . 
   except for people who pronounce \u0433 as h which is a ukrainian thing . 
  the more you know , i guess  it was in his earlier videos on yt . 
  thank you , likewise !, 
  no additional info yet . 
  `` karlov 's health condition is severe '' , that 's it . 
  edit : confirmed [ dead ] ( https://lenta.ru/news/2016/12/19/died/ ) . 
  well , navalny is a bit of a populist , like many other politicians . 
  at least , he wanted russia 's gun laws relaxed at some point , so there is still hope . 
  shot from behind by an unknown gunman . 
  changes here are long overdue . 
  people must have the right to defend themselves . 
  hi , thank you for your contribution , but this submission has been removed because the information was recently posted . 
  please check the [ recent submissions ] ( / r/europe/new / ) before sharing a link . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5j7847/russian_ambassador_shot_in_ankara/ if you have any questions about this removal , please [ contact the mods ] ( / message/compose / ? to = / r/europe & subject = moderation ) . 
  no you ca n't unless it a self defense handgun with low stopping power ( rubber bullets and such ) . 
  it takes a lot of time . 
  you 'll need to be a licensed shotgun owner for 5 ( iirc ) years and only after that you can apply for a firearms licence . 
  what do you mean by that `` would have , would be '' ? 
  take a look at the pictures of war-torn grozny - there was a full scale war going on for a while , and the dust , figuratively speaking , is still hanging in the air . 
   sparking their powder keg meh , the west has already tried to play such a card in chechnya . 
   chechnya posed its biggest threat to russia 's internal security during the chechen wars of 1994-1996 and 1999-2004 . 
  saudi arabia , the united states and turkey -- all of whom had a vested interest in keeping russia heavily preoccupied after the fall of the soviet union -- helped fuel these wars by providing support to the chechen rebels . 
  saudi arabia in particular led this effort by implanting the wahhabist doctrine and providing financing , arms , supplies , guerrilla training and moral support to chechen militants . 
  the bulk of saudi support to the chechens was funneled in through charities and humanitarian aid in the region . 
  [ u.s. , saudi arabia : holding the chechen card ] ( https://www.stratfor.com/analysis/us-saudi-arabia-holding-chechen-card ), 
  privatization of profits , [ nationalization of losses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lemon_socialism ) ? 
  ok , just keep it civil . 
  personal attacks and name calling may ( and eventually will ) result in a ban . 
  knock it off man . 
  name calling is a no go here . 
  this clause in the contract is just a marketing trick to make the ` news ' go viral . 
  now they are enjoying an advertisement in a major western media outlet for the cost of printing paper . 
  it 's absolutely amazing that the msm fall for it . 
  bravo !, 
  i 'd rather say that both reasons might have an impact . 
  it 's not like the tajiks got rich overnight . 
  which is the common sentiment . 
  it 's quite telling that many of those ` aggressive ' anti-immigration policies are being quietly implemented as we speak . 
  at least , in moscow , the newly adopted anti-immigration measures , such as mandatory and expensive work permits for migrants or a routine police check of a number of tenants have already resulted in a visible drop in numbers of migrant workers from the former soviet asia . 
  for better or worse , the latter are being substituted with ukrainian migrants . 
  if you think a bit more about the kind of nationalism that was recently re-introduced by the current batch of politicians here , you 'll find out that it actually has nothing to do with ethnic nationalism . 
  it 's more like a dream about the russian empire , the third rome , you name it . 
  what navalny is talking about reminds me of polish nationalism or that of the baltics . 
  granted , it 's far from ideal , but it 's the best you can get at the present time . 
  i mean , it does n't make the latter less westernized , so to say . 
  yes , i 'm sure . 
  meduza is a mouthpiece of khodorkovsky and the likes , i value it as an alternative media source but that 's about it . 
  he is free from the soviet lunacy . 
  he is a moderate russian nationalist , just like me . 
  he believes in the inevitable integration with the west , as do i. edit : last , but not least : he is a gun-toter , which is something i wholeheartedly agree with . 
  as a staunch supporter of navalny , our time will come . 
  personal attack as a last resort , i see . 
  like fucking clockwork . 
  neither was i , until you chimed it with your virtue signalling remark about dictators . 
  sure thing , i 'll do it tomorrow . 
  what difference does it make , exactly ? 
  state owned companies provide hundreds of thousands of state workers with a job which in turn directly affects millions of private employees , all the way down to a local barber shop or a farmers market . 
  not to mention that it 's the government which is under the obligation to pay pensions and social aid to the elderly , poor , and disabled . 
  do as you please , it 's all up to you . 
  let 's just stop pretending that economic sanctions of all kinds are supposed to be detrimental to the selected group but somehow manageable for the general populace . 
  just for the sake of honesty . 
  all of aforementioned sectors contribute the most to the state budget , which is , in turn , supposed to pay salaries to state workers ( who are historically among the low paid ) , and support the elderly and disabled ( who are hands down the poorest social stratum ) . 
  the western sanctions are aimed at russian financial institutions , oil , gas , and military industries . 
  looks like a pretty big chunk of the domestic economy to me . 
  again , i 'm not guilt-tripping anyone . 
  so i do n't really care whose fault it is . 
  the next time i dine with putin , i will relay your suggestions to him . 
  having said that , i 'm still confused about how lifting the sanctions can help the poor orphans . 
  i think you 're splitting hairs now . 
  there are many factors that contribute to the economic downfall of rufed and the western sanction is one of them . 
  i never said the western sanctions was _ the _ defining factor . 
  no need to go full pavlov 's dog on every russian flair you bump into . 
  i 'm talking about any kind of sanctions . 
  furthermore , the eu 's attempts to cripple the russian economy with sanctions , and fuckups/wrongdoings of the russian government are n't mutually exclusive . 
  everyone is doing their part . 
  financial institutions are still a part of the economy , just as anything else is . 
  less financial ( or any other for that matter ) institutions -  fewer available jobs , more unemployed -  less purchasing power as a whole . 
  the outcome is the same . 
  sanctions make it harder for the general populace to afford consumer goods . 
  in the end of the day , it does n't matter _ why _ you ca n't afford good medicine or healthy food , as long as the difference between the results of a trade embargo or a crippled economy is purely political . 
  that 's the whole point of economic sanctions . 
  the rest is just window dressing . 
  the average russian does n't hold putin responsible for all the economic woes he is facing today . 
  the sanctions have merely become a marketing gimmick over the last three years . 
  so far i 've seen , among other stuff , the cheapest meal branded as `` anti-sanction menu '' in cafeterias and `` counter-sanction prices '' in discount stores - hope you get the idea . 
  but that 's all beside the point though . 
  the main difference between us stems from a slightly different mindset . 
  roughly speaking , it 's somewhat ok to be a total pushover for the fellow citizens ( since nobody 's perfect , right ? ), 
  but it 's totally not when it comes to a possible confrontation with the west . 
  i do n't care where it comes from , be it an abundance of ego or lack thereof - the resulting mix of superiority/inferiority complexes is quite fun : pandering to the western demands , no matter how reasonable it would be in given circumstances , is widely seen as something embarrassing . 
  like , dunno , accidentally give a blowjob to a hobo or something to that effect . 
  granted , any ruler can be overthrown in no time , but the momentum has to come from within the society . 
   common folk are harmed it puts putin 's power in danger , i wish you guys would have learned a thing or two about russia . 
  far from that . 
  not to mention that many people stick to their small echo chambers in vk/ok . 
  seems like i misunderstood you then . 
  again , a street campaign is laughable in this day and age , as it could only work in a small town . 
  not everyone uses public transportation to commute .
