  you 're either ` defensive ' or not . 
  there is no ` just a tip ' in this notion . 
  serbs posed no threat to a nato member but they were attacked by nato nonetheless . 
  end of story . 
  if nato wanted to keep their ` defensive ' status intact , they prolly should have made it in a different manner , not as an alliance . 
  are you really _ that _ mad at rufed taking note of its only ally in europe getting bombed by the existential enemy of its predecessor ? 
  except rogozin said it in ** 2009 ** then putin expressed his disappointment ( ? ), 
  that 's what i 'm pointing out in response to your ` antagonise nato out of the blue ' . 
   russia was even contending to join it , but they refused , and started to antagonize nato out of blue sky . 
  living in alternative realities must be fun  [ soviets tried to join nato in 1954 | the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/jun/17/russia.iantraynor )  a year after stalin died in 1953 and a year before the warsaw pact was established in 1955 , the kremlin asked to join nato , according to a secret file which president vladimir putin unveiled last night , writes ian traynor . 
  < . .   a mischievous putin pointed out that he suggested russian membership of nato a year ago but was rebuffed by madeleine albright , then the us secretary of state . 
   and while it was stressed that russia and america could be ` allies ' , colin powell , albright 's successor , made clear that that was ` allies with a small `` a '' ' . 
  if your relatives have grown dumb , this is your job to educate them . 
  do n't leave it to tv . 
  duly noted though , i agree , tv can really be a destructive force . 
  time will tell though how really popular rt is , i think i read the other day that they 're exaggerating the number of viewers . 
  if two million euros ( correct me if i 'm wrong about the actual figures ) thrown into your political system could have inflicted such a massive damage , then there is something terribly wrong with the aforementioned system . 
  but that 's only two millions . 
  whereas it is thought that more [ than $ 100 billion have been spent on exporting fanatical wahhabism ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-yousaf-butt-/saudi-wahhabism-islam-terrorism_b_6501916.html ) to various much poorer muslim nations worldwide over the past three decades . 
  while we 're at it : this is news to me that le pen has any chances to become a president , seriously . 
  so far , her party has only got 2 ( or 3 ? ), 
  seats in the french parliament , iirc . 
  to be fair , the saudi-funded mosques and imams dotted all over europe pose a much bigger threat to european stability , at least , in the long term . 
  spreading of salafism may be detrimental to the pan-european security . 
  meanwhile , you can stop watching rt ( or any other news channel with agenda for that matter ) at any moment , and bam !, 
  you are no longer exposed to kremlin 's propaganda . 
  this is a matter of personal choice , after all . 
   president is responsible for everything going on in the country this is an extremely idealistic point of view . 
  from what i 've gathered from your words , you wanted a true hero from marvel comics on the throne of ukraine and now you 're getting disappointed . 
  which was bound to happen with that attitude . 
  there should be no tsar , no boyars , and no throne to begin with . 
  if you looked closely at western europe , you might find that for many high-ranked politics out there , their position is just a job , not some sacred mission in behalf of their countries . 
  that would be a good start , i mean , trying to change your own mindset and stop setting the high expectations . 
  ` euronews ' is still available for free throughout the territory of russia , just saying . 
  the military 's honour code , some people might take it too seriously . 
  a high ranked military officer blowing his brains out , be it out of a failure at work or any other good reason , is a normal occurrence in the former soviet states . 
  at very least , they are _ expected _ to do so in public 's eyes . 
  immigration might be the answer to that . 
  and 1.78 in 2015 . 
  it 's hard to say anything for certain . 
  the public opinion can be easily shaped to any desired result . 
   if stepanova or klishina win gold medals , wo n't they still be welcomed home as heroes ? 
  no , they wo n't . 
  if anything , klishina has already become a target of online harassment . 
  one politician even suggested that she should participate in the olympics as part of the team of ukraine , because she is a ` traitor to her country ' and all stuff like that . 
  this is one myth i 've yet to heard of to this day . 
  projecting much ? 
  he got to hold the sceptre and utterly failed . 
  that means he is a bad economist , no more , no less . 
  why on earth should i take his words at face value ? 
  ^ written by egor gaidar , a failed economist and one of the most hated politicians ever . 
  his views on the collapse of the ussr are well known . 
  honestly , i did n't even bother to read this crap . 
  you must 've missed the moment when about a half of a million of muscovites were protesting on ussr 's actions in the baltic . 
  we left because we wanted to , not the other way around . 
  that 's correct . 
  the reserve fund has kinda been a rainy day fund . 
  so , the rainy day has finally come and now they 're spending that money . 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of the word ` opposition ' while making your categorical judgement . 
  no siree , there is an opposition in rufed , except said opposition , in comparison , leaves the dearest leader 's government somewhere in the liberal side of the political spectrum . 
  admitting this ` wrongdoing ' can and does land people in jail , so it 's kinda late for regrets and excuses at this point . 
  there are already a number of people who got jailed for hitting ` like ' on a wrong webpage . 
  way too many f-yous and f-offs . 
  could you please express your thoughts in a less aggressive manner ? 
  thank you . 
  as the old saying goes : ' a crow does n't pick out another crow 's eyes ' . 
  no spoilers , please . 
  or else !, 
  speaking of abusing the law : in order to fulfill the necessary requirements , russian isps and telecom companies will need to spend about 2/3 of the country 's gdp on building new data centers . 
  how do you think , is it possible to be done in the next 100 or so years ? 
  hence the fuss about the law that efficiently makes everyone guilty by default . 
  the era of cheap broadband internet has just come to an end in rufed . 
  so did the lion 's share of it industry . 
  i just ca n't wrap my head around this . 
  memes are n't _ that _ bad per se . 
  it 's just a thing that clogs up discussions . 
  hence the heavy-handed approach . 
   mr. obama embraced a disputed method for counting civilian casualties that did little to box him in . 
  it in effect counts all military-age males in a strike zone as combatants , according to several administration officials , unless there is explicit intelligence posthumously proving them innocent . 
  [ `` militants '' : media propaganda | to avoid counting civilian deaths , obama re-defined `` militant '' to mean `` all military-age males in a strike zone '' ] ( http://www.salon.com/2012/05/29/militants_media_propaganda/ ) i mean , no wonder their numbers are lower . 
  it depends on how you count them ` civilians ' . 
   likewise , the eu should devise ways to support civil society , students , researchers , and small - and medium-size enterprises in russia , as they struggle for freedom , democracy , and prosperity . 
  yeah , guy . 
  we 've been waiting for 25 years for you to start making steps in that direction . 
  i 'm fairly sure it wo n't take another 25 years until you finally begin to do it !, 
  oh , wait , it 's the eu we 're talking about . 
  not gon na happen in our lifetime then . 
  what is telling here is that soros is universally hated by both the european right wing and russian conservators . 
  his pro-democracy ngos has been somewhat active in rufed for the last two decades until they were deemed ` undesirable ' and eventually banned from the country . 
  neither do we . 
  i 'm not arguing that the law is not draconian and unjust . 
  it is . 
  i just hate that the gay card is being played by the west in its push to a regime change in rufed . 
  believe me , being a lgbt person here is difficult enough without all those western propogandeurs capitalizing on misery of the people they do n't give a damn about . 
  the blame should be put where it 's due . 
  ask yourself , how come that other people did manage to left flowers and notes at the us embassy building ? 
  by the way , aside from state sponsored rallies , i 've yet to witness many people condoning russia 's actions in ukraine . 
  i know , that must be a miracle of some sort , but i 've been at anti-war rallies here . 
  your attempts to belittle the russian opposition movement , doing this from a comfy chair , are just disgusting , to put it lightly . 
  well done , congrats .
