  [ 1 ] between april and december 1918 the ukrainian people 's republic did not function , having been overthrown by the ukrainian state of pavlo skoropadsky . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] from autumn 1919 the unr operated as an ally of the second polish republic , [ 1 ] but by then the state de facto no longer existed . 
  [ 1 ] you ca n't annex something that does n't have statehood . 
  also ,  they [ the bolsheviks ] re-organized into an all-ukrainian council of soviets in december 1917 in an attempt to seize power . 
  when that failed due to the bolsheviks ' relative lack of popularity in kiev , they moved to kharkiv . 
  < ...   as the relationships between members within the tsentralna rada soured , a series of regional soviet republics on the territory of ukraine proclaimed their independence and allegiance to the petrograd sovnarkom ( odessa soviet republic ( southern ukraine ) , donetsk-krivoi rog soviet republic ( eastern ukraine ) ) . 
  plus :  the west ukrainian people 's republic ( ukrainian : \u0417\u0430\u0445\u0456\u0434\u043d\u043e\u0443\u043a\u0440\u0430\u0457\u043d\u0441\u044c\u043a\u0430 \u041d\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0434\u043d\u0430 \u0420\u0435\u0441\u043f\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0456\u043a\u0430 , zakhidnoukrayins ' ka narodna respublika , zunr ) was a short-lived republic that existed in late 1918 and early 1919 in eastern galicia . 
  ... ruled by [ nestor makhno ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nestor_makhno ) . 
  unr was just _ one _ of the many post-revolution republics popped up across the territory of ukraine . 
  it never controlled ukraine as a whole so it was not ukraine . 
  there is a truth in it . 
  muscovy successfully assimilated the remnants of the golden horde along with their cultural heritage by killing their men , raping their women and claiming their lands . 
  in fact , quite a number of russian aristocratic families can trace their lineage back to the tatar-mongolic nobility . 
  racist ukrainians use the mongol meme to troll the russians who get offended by this because they are , in turn , are also racists . 
  by the way , ukrainians can be efficiently trolled with reminding them that their [ cossack traditional appearance ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/83/9e/ac/839eac86f3d3462d155de1c5d73c0983.jpg ) and a significant part of the gene pool came , in fact , from the steppe people and turks . 
  a lot of them would find it offensive because of - who would guess ? 
  - racism . 
  this is how we live here in the eastern europe . 
   mainly because the 11th century was before either ukrainian or russian identity existed . 
  [ russkaya pravda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russkaya_pravda ) was written in the early 1100s , so it was all fine with the identity . 
  `` rosia '' is just the greek word for `` rus ' '' . 
   that region did not have mass migrations that 's not correct . 
  kievan rus ' mostly refers to a period of time than to a country . 
  polyane , the tribesmen that lived in kiev before the city had been gradually destroyed and ceased to exist in all but name either fled to the north or were exterminated . 
  later , another tribe named volyn ' came to repopulate this place . 
  anna 's ethnicity was rus ' , which is not to be confused with the modern day russians . 
  no moscow ? 
  how dare you !, 
  * by tamer el-ghobashy and maria abi-habib in mosul , iraq , and benoit faucon in london may 29 , 2017 4:35 p.m. 
  et * french special forces have for months enlisted iraqi soldiers to hunt and kill french nationals who have joined the senior ranks of islamic state , according to iraqi officers and current and former french officials . 
  iraqi commanders leading the fight for mosul said french special forces have provided to iraqi counterterrorism troops the names and photographs of as many as 30 men identified as high-value targets . 
  an undisclosed number of french citizens have been killed by iraqi artillery and ground forces , the commanders said , using location coordinates and other intelligence supplied by the french . 
  the motive for the secret operation is to ensure that french nationals with allegiance to islamic state never return home to threaten france with a terror attack , said a current and a former foreign-affairs adviser to the french government . 
  france has been the target of several deadly attacks either inspired by islamic state or orchestrated from the militants ' middle east strongholds , including the november 2015 paris strikes . 
  a french ministry of defense spokeswoman declined to comment on the operation . 
  `` french forces work in close cooperation with their iraqi and international partners , '' she said , to fight jihadists , `` regardless of national origin , '' referring to the 1,200 french troops assisting iraqi forces to retake mosul . 
  the french special forces maintain their distance from the killings -- france has no death penalty -- by directing iraqi fighters to target french islamic state fighters , according to the current and former french government advisers . 
  a senior iraqi police official showed the wall street journal a list of names of 27 suspected islamic state members sought by france , accompanied by photos of five of the men . 
  french special forces began circulating the document at the start of the mosul offensive last year . 
  it is updated as men are killed , the police official said . 
  one man was identified on the list as `` badush , '' and the document described him as last seen in july driving a white kia in northern mosul , wearing traditional iraqi clothing . 
  several of the names included aliases that linked the men to france -- abu ismael al-fransi and abu souleyman al-fransi -- or to belgium , where some of the paris attackers were from . 
  belgium 's defense ministry declined to comment . 
  france does n't have armed drones , so government officials sent its elite forces into mosul to locate french militants , a western security official said . 
  about 40 french special forces operate state-of-the-art intelligence-gathering tools , such as surveillance drones and radio interception devices , to help locate militants , said senior iraqi counterterrorism officers and former and current french government officials . 
  `` they are dealing with them here , because they do n't want to deal with them at home , '' said a senior iraqi counterterrorism officer directly involved in coordinating with the french special forces . 
  `` it 's their duty . 
  it 's common sense . 
  the most lethal attacks overseas were in france . '' iraqi government officials said their military does n't participate in systematic extrajudicial killing of islamic state fighters , and any such cases would be investigated for possible prosecution . 
  a spokesman for iraq 's justice ministry declined to say whether the government has any foreign islamic state fighters in custody . 
  iraqi commanders have said most militants fight to the death . 
  `` if anyone is alive , in jail , because they surrendered , they will be executed in iraq for joining islamic state . 
  and france wo n't intervene , '' said a current french official familiar with the matter . 
  `` it 's a convenient solution . '' an estimated 1,700 frenchmen have joined the militants in iraq and syria , according to the soufan group , a new york-based organization that researches extremism . 
  french government officials have estimated that hundreds of those men have either died in battle or returned home . 
  other western countries have lists of their nationals in league with islamic state . 
  but only france is engaged in hunting them in mosul , iraqi officers said . 
  france debated the legality of targeting its citizens when it joined the u.s. bombing campaign in syria in the fall of 2015 . 
  an october airstrike that year apparently killed french militants near raqqa , and the government sought to tamp down criticism at home by citing a provision in the united nations charter that allows member states to use any means of `` legitimate defense '' if under attack . 
  france 's laws and constitution offer little protection to citizens who take up arms with militant groups to fight the government , said michel verpeaux , a professor of constitutional law at the universit\u00e9 panth\u00e9on-sorbonne in paris . 
  `` the french are fighting not a state but an armed group , '' mr. verpeaux said . 
  `` it 's a highly uncertain situation with few legal rules . '' france has talked about stripping nationals of citizenship for joining terror groups to bar their return home , as the u.k. has , a proposal that met stiff resistance in parliament . 
  dozens of french nationals fighting with islamic state have been killed in the battle for mosul , two iraqi officers said . 
  the seven-month offensive by iraqi forces and international allies is close to driving the remaining islamic state fighters from the western part of mosul , the militants ' last major holding in iraq . 
  french special forces often move through mosul without iraqi military partners . 
  they search homes abandoned by foreign militants , as well as command centers in search of physical evidence or documents that link their citizens to islamic state , two senior iraqi counterterrorism officers said . 
  in april , french special forces swept through a medical clinic near the mosul university campus , checking the identities of the wounded against their list of french nationals working for islamic state . 
  the french forces , often wearing iraqi uniforms and driving vehicles with iraqi military logos , are particularly concerned about any chemical-weapons specialists working on the campus , according to a senior iraqi commander who coordinated with french forces . 
  mosul university was used by islamic state as a command center until iraqi forces recaptured the campus in january , the iraqi commander said . 
  the french special forces have a forensics team that collects physical evidence -- tissue and bone from the dead and wounded , as well as discarded drinking cups and utensils -- to find dna matches with the men on their wanted list , iraqi and french officials said . 
  the team in one instance collected bone samples from a dead fighter and ran the dna collected through a database to compare with the dna of french nationals suspected of joining islamic state , according to the former foreign-affairs adviser to the french government . 
  a team of four french special forces went door to door in the neighborhood in january . 
  two of the soldiers checked the identities of residents while the other two men stood guard . 
  `` they have their own targets , '' an iraqi counterterrorism officer said as he passed the scene . 
  french special forces have recently focused on republic hospital , a large complex in mosul 's old city , according to two iraqi army officers who worked with them . 
  the old city , a warren of densely populated streets and alleys , is a commercial center and the last district in mosul controlled by militants . 
  the french forces suspect that the remaining high-level islamic state commanders , including some frenchmen , are holed up at the hospital . 
  * matthew dalton and valentina pop contributed to this article . 
  so did i. 
  your point being ? 
  if my memory serves me right , most `` dispatches '' showing actual russian troops were filmed in crimea . 
  ca n't remember if there were any psychos or drunkards depicted in those episodes . 
   when your army is composed of psychopaths and drunkards a daily reminder of what you westerners really think of us . 
  god bless reddit !, 
   putin and his men enjoy russia 's current toxicity in washington and brussels . 
  it 's a bit counterproductive but it means recognition for their prowess as trolls and hybrid warriors , and ** it shows russians they 're hated , feared , not wanted in the west ** . 
  that sense is the root of domestic support for putin 's policies . 
  that 's the opposite of what the u.s. would want if it saw russia , long-term , as part of the west . 
  the author said it as if it was n't true . 
  get real , dude . 
  spot on . 
  over the course of the last , like , 5 years or so , i 've witnessed all kind of extreme weather , such as positive temperatures in january , negative ( or close to that ) temperatures in may , iced rains , tropical rains , etc. 
  as the climate change goes on , there is going to be more and more of that crap . 
  got ta get used to the fact that the weather in moscow is no longer boring . 
  yep , that is one strange choice of music . 
  i expected to watch a bunch of midgets wrestling each other in the mud , no less . 
  we have a weather alert service , but i 'm afraid that ppl do n't pay enough attention to their announcements . 
  perhaps , they will , from now on . 
  i mean , i heard it on the radio that a storm was coming today and went like meh , who cares . 
  [ video ] ( http://lentaru.media.eagleplatform.com/index/player?record_id=760830&amp;player=new ) of the hurricane , courtesy of lenta.ru,
