  the motto is `` fuck traffic , gib moar pavements '' . 
  as someone who adore the city center with passion ( except for touristic spots of course ) , i really like the changes . 
  i guess it 's a bit late for that . 
  we better get ready to deploy a gazillion of water pumps - a huge swamp belt in place of tundra is no joke . 
  that would be a lesser concern if the permafrost continues thawing at the current rate and we will be royally fucked due to increasing concentration of atmosphere methane . 
  the balts of all people have the most rights to ban russian so they may pull it any day now , for all i care . 
  i 'm not arguing with that . 
  forced russification policies did n't constitute to a genocide and you know it . 
  on top of that no one enforced it onto families . 
  my aunt was married into a fairly nationalistic latvian family and essentially she was forced to learn lativan long before it became a requirement for acquiring the citizenship , i.e. , before the soviets fall in the baltics . 
  do n't throw big words just for the sake of discussion ; you thus undermine the memory of real victims . 
  except 10 bucks says u\u0161akovs would n't get fined if he posted in english or german . 
  except none of this would happen if russian language had no huge stigma attached to it . 
  are you saying the g-word with a straight face ? 
  stalin died more than 60 years ago . 
  way to go , latvia , the shining beacon of democracy and freedom standing guard on the border of mordor !, 
  no seriously , it looks like someone taking pages from stalin 's notebook . 
  `` he speaks a language that our enemy uses , must be a spy or fifth column ! '', 
  by that logic , if rufed starts persecuting russian internet users for writing in english , the eu should be fine with that , not even formal condemnation ensues , right ? 
  i mean , latvia is a member state of the eu , there must be some standards applied or am i reading too much into that nonsense ? 
  this is genius in a way nkvd was genius . 
  it always baffles when people are thinking that stalin was evil and thus the whole system was evil because of his paranoia . 
  no my friend , the system was designed as a very practical solution to completely eradicate all kinds of possible resistance . 
  what you ( jokingly i hope ) are reflecting on may be very efficient too , but essentially totalitarian at the same time . 
  i do n't see what the fuss is about . 
  putin already signed a law that decriminalized non-severe beatings . 
  as for now , a first time offense ( e.g. , a beating ) is efficiently a misdemeanor . 
  a second offense and so on ( if conducted over a time span of a year ) is a felony , i.e. , business as usual . 
  the thing is that close relatives were excluded from the decriminalization for some unknown reason . 
  mizulina , as much as i hate her , simply suggested to harmonize the law so that close relatives bear the same responsibility as any other people . 
  which is logical , as i see it . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  he 's right though . 
  developing a new system from scratch , then testing it ; producing costs , installation costs , training personnel how to handle the new system - all in all , buying a 50mb drive for $ 65k is peanuts in comparison . 
  i would n't say `` justified '' , no , actually far from that . 
  the problem , i imagine , lies within russian military which is extremely conservative when it comes down to innovations in such a delicate field as strategic weapons . 
  `` if something works , do n't try to improve it '' , or so they say . 
  perhaps however unlikely . 
  it was made for the strategic forces of rufed ; these guys would n't take it lightly if the drive 's architecture was not properly tested beforehand . 
  $ 65k is nothing in comparison with the price of mistake . 
  there is actually a lot of old crap still being used especially for military purposes , especially in the strategic forces . 
  no , because specifications . 
  see my other comment in this thread . 
  this hdd was made specifically for an old computer system developed in the 80s , so i assume 50mb is a sufficient amount of data to keep . 
  this is a military spec ext drive for a hll ( algol 68 ) computer `` samson '' , which was developed in 1980s and it 's still being used for controlling icmbs . 
  hence the ungodly price ... plus i 'm fairly sure that no mass production was involved  plus corruption fees , i imagine , as it supposed to be in the military here . 
  gazeta should hire a tech savvy editor at last , their ignorance regarding tech stuff is palpable . 
  please refrain from reposting this comment on / r/europe . 
  the last two times were more than enough to get your point across . 
  the ones with cameras must be japanese , i imagine . 
  nah , it 's being covered in every single newscast . 
  emphasis on heroic efforts of firefighters . 
  yeah , i was driving to dacha this morning and the skyline in eastern moscow was covered with the smog from siberian forest fires ( or so they told on the radio ) . 
  i do n't know if it was a lazy news day today or something , by the air pollution in moscow and siberian fires were no . 
  1 topic on every goddamn station . 
  having said that , it should be also mentioned that the state of emergency was declared in moscow and all over the region on yesterday evening . 
  i think i must 've missed the announcement somehow . 
  burning waste and leftover lumber is also banned as for now . 
  just watched the news on rossiya 1 and what i 've gathered so far from their reporting is the the overall situation is bad and expected to get worse in coming days . 
  luckily enough to me though , the surroundings of my dacha is still free from smoke . 
  i just hope it will stay that way : /, 
  do n't mention it . 
  as for repeatedly changing headlines , yep , you 're spot on - i 'm starting to notice it more and more as of late . 
  hot summer , lots of heated topics ... 
  no , it 's a technical label highlighting the fact that guardian 's headline and the title of this thread do n't match . 
  on top of that , guardian has changed their own headline at least a couple of times now . 
  edit : on a second thought i just removed it completely . 
  guardian , stop making a news ticker out of your headlines !, 
  iirc , there is no `` state '' implied in their perspective . 
  daesh is a doomsday cult ; a true goal of all their atrocities is to get the gates of hell open so they could fight the final battle alongside the army of heaven . 
  or so i heard . 
  i try to keep my retarded opinion to myself ... most of the time i succeed , haha . 
  well , i kinda see where you 're coming from but no , you 're wrong on this one . 
  panama leaks got a lot of traction in runet and the public opinion was very polarized about everything in that regard . 
  what do russian internal issues even have to do with the leaked emails ? 
  what if some bob from england or mehmet leaked it ? 
  what you 're doing now is pure whataboutism . 
  by the way , i strongly disagree with the notion that panama leaks are more important than shady stuff around the us election . 
  the former is about money , and this is pretty much about . 
  everyone and their grandma ( everyone who matters ) know full well that the dearest leader is rich . 
  the opinion of the plebs is by and large irrelevant in the unfolding situation . 
  after all , it 's up to some int ' l investigation body to decide what they can and want do with it . 
  this money is altogether lost for this country anyway . 
  seems like bbc changed the article 's headline to : ** `` france church attack : priest killed in hostage taking near rouen '' ** , just fyi guys . 
  so if rufed does that , it 's fine for the us too , did i get it right ? 
   had all possibilities to  train elsewhere under some proper anti-doping control ; `` let them eat cake '' . 
  spoken like a true first worlder . 
  oh i know that feeling bro !, 
  the article reads like it was written about russian prisons . 
  i mean , i see no whatsoever difference between the two . 
  personally , i figured it all about a truly savage nature of my people when i was , like , 20 . 
  not to mention that every big realisation in life comes at a price . 
  but hey , living in delusion is just as bad . 
  or so they say . 
  nato proved its non-defensive nature by ` humanitarian bombings ' of residential areas in former yugoslavia . 
  so there is no need for additional ammo for our press , regardless of how terrible the _ state-sponsored _ press could be as of late . 
  make no mistake , i 'm in no way defending the serbs and others who were involved . 
  nato for sure had a good reason to intervene , humanitarian it was or not . 
  my point being though , this is an one way road . 
  you can not be a ` defensive ' alliance for only 364 days in a year .
