  the russians are ultimately portrayed as a bunch of violent drunkards if not worse . 
  people are getting defensive , it 's only natural . 
  on top of that , we do n't have a luxury of free movement , while obtaining even a short-term visa to any developed country can be a bloody pain in the ass . 
  the vast majority of russians do n't have other country beside russia , be it good or bad . 
  oftentimes it takes a lot of guts to openly admit that your only country is a shithole , especially if you know full well that you are condemned to live there till your death . 
  soviet television was nowhere near that retarded though . 
  propaganda was limited to , well , news programs . 
  hell , i remember watching a channel that was dedicated to educational programs , all according to the soviet school curriculum . 
   russia either sends in its air force this is news to me . 
  care to provide a source ? 
  do they have any kind of cg/coding/gamedev scene in hungary ? 
  that goes without saying . 
  realistically , if you killed someone in a drunk fight you would get around 8 years in jail and a fat chance to get free on parole after 5-6 years . 
  it 's not anti-semitism per se , looks more like the whole country is obsessed with conspiracy theories . 
  imagine a country where the vast majority of population are e.g. 
  9/11 truthers or something like that . 
  anti-intellectualism is rampant here ; there is a prime time tv show on the most popular tv channel that is called `` psychics vs detectives '' . 
  i ca n't fucking wrap my head around that nonsense . 
  i think i 'm gon na put pc aside for a moment . 
  for the common folk , the liberal reforms of the 90 's is strongly associated with moscow russian-jewish _ intelligentsia _ . 
  many of the reforms have been furiously hated by the public since the very beginning , even though a transition to capitalism in rufed was successful . 
  granted , we built a rabidly anti-social capitalism , with oligarchy at helm and widespread corruption but still . 
  however , people do n't really want to dig too deep . 
  in their minds , the poverty of the 90 's linked to -  moscow ( the root of all evil since forever ) -  jews and western advisors ( no matter real or imaginary ) -  the treacherous west ( suffering under the yoke of zionism and thus controlled ) that would rather put mother russia on her knees . 
  putin is widely seen as a savior , `` make russia great again '' , and many , way too many people buy into this cheap populism . 
  sadly , it could n't be blamed on propaganda . 
  many russians really live in this oversimplified coordinate system . 
  the difference is that back in the 90s they have never got a say and now what we 're witnessing is a full-fledged , almost caricature , reaction to the western-leaning liberal model . 
  that means that travel agencies is banned from selling package tours . 
  you can still go to turkey on your own . 
  that was n't an outright _ travel _ ban , only charter flights to turkey have been banned since nov 2015 . 
  well , in a perfect world , these rifles would n't have to be pointed at anyone . 
  btw , could you please stop fucking twisting my words ? 
  big thanks . 
  i said that the us tv was a model for the russian version . 
  no shit , the two are not the same , because we copied it in our own crooked way , haha . 
  the main difference is that the western press answers , at least from time to time , to the public , i.e. , it bears some moral responsibility for its words . 
  whereas rt and the likes answer only to its owners , that 's it . 
  although , if you believe that the western msm , in its unquestioned perfection , can not be weaponized if _ needed _ , then i have a bridge to sell you . 
  i admittedly forgot about the soviet legacy , haha . 
  yes , it is . 
  ca n't really count it as _ russian _ tv shows though . 
  long story short , yeltsin was unpopular , the goal was to make him popular again so he could win elections . 
  actually , my personal support of russia 's actions is very , very limited . 
  it 's just the ungodly amount of misinformation in the western msm often makes me take a defensive stance . 
  not sure if i 'm somehow unique in that regard  oh , do n't even let me started on medvedev and the likes of him . 
  let 's face it : putin and his course enjoy a wide support among the russians . 
  i know it 's a bitter truth for all western-leaning liberals here , me included , but it 's true nonetheless . 
  i have a feeling you 're not reading my comments . 
  i do n't condone the way rt is pushing its agenda . 
  rt articles have been banned from this subreddit for a good reason . 
  however , the root of western problems with rt and other propaganda outlets lies , first and foremost , in the western society . 
  eh , it 's complicated . 
  granted , russian media were by and large independent from the state control in the 90 's but , on the other hand , the amount of shady stuff undergoing at the same time was unprecedented . 
  i 'm recalling the elections in 1996 ... well , if it was n't brainwashing then i do n't know what it was . 
  either way , my butthurt does n't change a thing . 
  free press in rufed is dead by now . 
  i 'm far from thinking that `` everybody lies '' , which is often called out as a reverse cargo cult . 
  that being said , i ca n't agree with your evaluation of the audience of rt and the likes . 
  first of all , this is elitism , not to mention that calling people idiots based on their preferences generally is not nice . 
  perhaps , the western msm is just unable to deliver to all social groups , and this could be a reason why many people is looking for alternative sources nowadays . 
  make no mistake , e.g. , sputniknews was literally founded as a propaganda outlet `` in order to improve the public image of russia '' . 
  i mean , it was clear from the start which side they were going to play on . 
  however , if some western dude chose to believe them ... well , you better start asking questions why on earth he would do it , given the wide range of opinions being offered by the western media . 
  no , i have n't yet , though i recall certain butthurt caused by the book among tv professionals here in moscow . 
  i 'm well aware of that  the takeover of russian media started almost 15 years ago and so it 's finally come to fruition . 
  sadly , not much can be done about that . 
  correct , ca n't argue with that . 
  like i said in a comment above , i worked at the predecessor of rt/sputnik , so i have no idea about their current policies . 
  truth be told , all of this has been increasingly politicized as of late . 
  by the way , i fail to see how a rebuttal written in small font has any meaning after the damage is done . 
  i guess this is more about reputation . 
  which is by and large irrelevant in case of e.g. , rt. 
  they just shake it off and move along . 
  as someone who had worked at what now is rt/sputniknews for a long time , i think that the author forgot to mention the most important thing about the kremlin-controlled media : it was 100 % modelled after the us media , which is by definition `` western '' press . 
  every single guidebook , every piece of equipment , every production meeting are the same that in any western media company . 
  i mean , if you looked closely at russian game shows and other programs , you would find out that all of them are either rip-offs of american tv shows or , in the last decade or so , legal adaptations . 
  the only original content is limited to `` patriotic '' tv series about ww2 or criminal drama series . 
  why the russian media is widely regarded as an antipode to its western counterpart is beyond me , seriously . 
  i mean , this is like a good rifle model , both sides can use it at war . 
  and yes , sugarcoating aside , we 're at media war now . 
  same here . 
  heh , there 's a [ russian movie ] ( https://www.kinopoisk.ru/film/41236/ ) made in the 90 's exactly about that . 
  not gon na say for all of us but it 's unlikely that an ethnic russian could n't understand belorussian full well . 
   as if there is a true russian word for `` honor '' that is spoken without hearing laughter . 
  we love you too , lithuania , 
  much , much better than 10 yrs ago . 
  if the buildings in the video were made of glass , it would be possible to see a place where i worked back then . 
  every goddamn morning i had to drive in circles around the district while looking out for a free spot to park . 
  and then i had to walk in zig zags through the rows over rows of other cars parked right on pavements . 
  that was one unhealthy situation , to put it lightly . 
   , another coup no need to belittle what happened in 2014 ; a `` coup '' would be an extremely simplistic description . 
  it was a revolution , you just should bear in mind that not every revolution leads to immediate and positive changes . 
  all in all , it 's too early to claim the revolution failed . 
  two years of ( possible ) reforms is nothing in the grand scheme of things . 
  the other thing is that ukraine has always been corrupt as fuck and a so-called `` anti-terror operation '' in the east is a godsend to the ruling elite . 
  so i expect them to fight tooth and nail to make it last as long as possible . 
  huh , never paid any attention to this . 
  got ta check it when i 'm back to the city . 
  not only tverskaya but basically the whole city center within the `` circle '' of boulevard ring is undergoing a major renovation process .
