  what i got from the video is that the guy has managed to run a guest os from the area of the hard drive which is dedicated for storing a firmware , if i 'm not mistaken ? 
  man , thanks for the video !, 
  the first gen i7 was released about 2009 ( ? 
  ) , so it 's definitely not `` 20 years out of date '' . 
  within the year , mcst has promised to release the brand new 28 nm 8-core [ elbrus-8s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elbrus-8s ) with a theoretical throughput of 125 gflops for dp or 250 gflops for sp . 
  well , you have to admit that winning a ~ ~ big and tasty ~ ~ state contract is ~ ~ yummy ~ ~ a goldmine for any developer . 
  well , they have had the southbridge [ kpi 1991vg1ya 1026a010 ] ( http://elbrus2k.wikidot.com/kpi-1991vg1ya-1026a010 ) for 5 years . 
  i thought bugging a hard disk controller was a myth , no ? 
  i thought it was [ germany ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/15/germany-typewriters-espionage-nsa-spying-surveillance ) , was n't it ? 
  it would be nearly impossible to hide a backdoor in the open source software . 
  a backdoor hidden in a bios hypervisor , on the other hand ... 
  mcst has made the [ elbrus 4s cpu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elbrus-2s%2b ) that is similar in performance to the first gen intel core i7 . 
  not sure though , if the chip went into production . 
  `` wants to build '' , haha . 
  no , just to take a few billions from the state budget and cancel the project within three years . 
  iirc , alt linux is checked & certified for military applications . 
  i guess they 've been using it for a while . 
  fun fact : yandex has had their own android fork ( yandex.kit ? ), 
  for years , but it was rejected as a `` national os '' by the officials . 
  i wonder why , haha . 
  indeed , an os that is positioned as enterprise ready ca n't give you a kickback . 
  actually , what 's even more strange is that i could understand a written text ( in serbo-croatian or whatever the language they are currently using ) ~ ~ just fine ~ ~ to some extent but failed in listening comprehension . 
  the third rome bullshit has been emerged from the hereditary claims of [ sofia paleologue ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sophia_palaiologina ) , a niece of constantine xi , the last byzantine emperor . 
  the story you linked is just a fairy tale , 
  eh , it 's not about ideals , if this word could be applied here . 
  we call it `` the system '' . 
  in most cases , you have no other choice than to accept bribes - either way , the lion 's share goes to your boss . 
  otherwise , you 'll be fired immediately . 
  broken english + gestures + seems strange , but i understood like 30 % of the locally spoken language . 
  time to stop submitting links to paywalled articles . 
  not years , if it wants to prevent hyperinflation in case the oil prices remain low for a longer period of time than expected . 
  oil price + sanctions on the banking sector + depleting currency reserves . 
  op , please . 
  moscow ca n't be stretched indefinitely !, 
  if we get the exchange rate of about 100 against the dollar , everything will go downhill very quickly . 
  just as many others did . 
   there was a massive protest in moscow the last time that happened was three years ago . 
  since then , there have been mostly peaceful rallies held in the major cities from time to time . 
  i do n't see any status quo lasting much longer , to be honest . 
  people are getting nervous . 
  either this or that , something 's gon na happen . 
  perhaps , in the autumn , when everyone goes back to work . 
  there have been local production for ages . 
  the results often taste like vomit . 
  thanks , * not my cup of tea . 
  more like a hybrid of a mafia state , a police state and autocracy . 
  the point is , the corruption is so rampant that it undermines horizontal mafia ties and vertical political power projection . 
  it came to the point where no one is going to do their job , even though in perspective it could bring more money than stealing . 
  most of `` those people '' are either dead or have lost their minds a long time ago . 
  the thing is , there are a lot of young people who think that the ussr was all about toasting marshmallows and singing kumbaya . 
  \\  implying that poland could have the russian minority with that attitude . 
  banning these books has nothing to do with history . 
  the local officials see the anti-western trend and jump on the hate bandwagon . 
  for them , it 's just an opportunity to step into the spotlight on a national stage . 
  no one cares about the children , that 's a nonsense . 
  however , you have the point here . 
  it would be quite unexpected if the uk kids were taught from textbooks influenced by soviet historians . 
  even without any extra makeup ? 
  geez . 
  the way the film looks is how i feel in the morning . 
   worst place on earth well , that 's not exaggerated at all / s i think it 's pretty far from being the worst place even in europe ( depends on what you consider as europe , though ) . 
  you better check that white privilege , shitlord !, 
  on the other hand , since we are the oppressed ( muh sanctions ) nomadic barbarians , who do n't belong to le ebil west , we can well be playing the minority card all the way . 
  i was trying to be facetious . 
  that said , binge drinking after 40 does not make you look like a movie star . 
  quite the contrary . 
  it 's not gon na be a big deal , if it 's all talk . 
  i 've been to montenegro this summer and i was stunned by how peaceful it was and how friendly the people were . 
  the nature and surroundings were just beautiful . 
  i really hope it will stay this way for a long time to come . 
  one morning i had a wicked hangover and went out looking for relief . 
  while shopping in a local store i bumped into a group of local football fans or the likes . 
  a bit thuggish-looking ones , though . 
  apparently , a panda looking face was a dead giveaway of my ethnic background : `` rus ?! '', 
  - that was the first question i was asked , haha . 
  after a brief conversation about my point of view on ukraine and putin - as it turned out , their sympathies were firmly on the side of ukraine - i was gifted with a bottle of beer and told to sit down already and have a beer . 
  needless to say , it was merely the first beer of many that followed and that day was wasted in one of the best ways possible . 
  tl ; dr : been to the balkans , got back alive !, 
  it 's pure madness how much of a clusterfuck the balkans are . 
   `` four members of a criminal group that was trying to sell the nuclear material were detained with the evidence on hand , '' interfax quoted an sbu statement as saying . 
   `` according to preliminary information , the nuclear matter was uranium-238 . ''  the reported incident came with ukrainian media filled with speculation about pro-russian rebels ' ability to develop a `` dirty '' nuclear bomb that releases small but lethal doses of radiation over wide areas . 
  with all these food bans , soon we 'll be fasting all year round . 
  1.000 is a normal sample size for a countrywide poll . 
  they may well believe that the west is likely to blink first , `` any minute now '', 
  it could be , at least , in a shitty way . 
  there 's a lack of political will standing in the way of doing something in this regard . 
  self-reliance is not a bad thing per se . 
  that being said , it 's nearly impossible to bring economic diversity to an authoritarian country . 
  they 're desperately trying to cut dependence on imported goods . 
  it 's no wonder that the people do n't buy into it . 
  would be nice though . 
  hopefully , this day will come . 
  i never said it was the west 's fault . 
  what 's even more interesting is that those toxic ( = russian ) assets have n't been seen as toxic for such a long time . 
  though i have no particular desire for socialism to succeed , i do n't think that a socialistic country must be poor or oppressive by its nature / by a definition of socialism . 
  the domestic industry is capable to produce military grade chips on their own . 
  what 's unknown is how many and for what price . 
  if the price of a locally made elbrus cpu is anything to go by , then it should be quite expensive . 
  regardless of the way you worded it , the outcome remains the same : the money was spent in the dumbest way possible . 
  do n't be so eurocentric .
