  edit : a word . 
  the point is that we know nothing . 
  press coverage of the event reminds me of a tabloid magazine . 
  even russian side looked more reasonable on this background though they were acting like a troll and making fun of sweden 's navy . 
  considering the fact that yeltsin was a puppet of george bush from the start , and our glorious leader was installed by the family ( a bunch of yeltsin era 's oligarchs ) when boris handed over the crown to him ... 
  mind you , the first post-yeltsin elections was held in russia a bit later , after explosions in moscow apartments blocks when people was rallying around the flag in fear . 
  one guy in london was awarded by special tea because he wrote a book about that time ... 
  i 've already said that i 'm a conspiratard , have n't i ? 
  lol . 
  i just wanted to point out that a couple of newspapers completely made up the whole story . 
  even a guy who was caught on photo turned out to be a local fisherman . 
  i would n't even mention a non-encrypted radio transmission . 
  i bet they also used rude words , lol . 
  it 's a year 2014 , a voice scrambler can be assembled from a couple of arduino shields . 
  now the story about the alleged incursion of a russian submarine looks so real as if it was proved by someone , besides the fact it was n't , in reality . 
  edit : just to clarify my position : personally , i believe it was a russian vessel , but i 'm a conspiratard hence my opinion is irrelevant . 
  i 'm disappointed in the western press in this case , that 's all . 
  was that an attempt to insult me ? 
  maybe , you should try again . 
  russia 's behavior does n't make sweden 's navy a saint as a matter of course . 
  russian submarine could be there , it 'd be just stupid to deny it . 
  granted , sweden has concerns over possible incursions , but it 's a shame that western newspapers follow the example of its russian counterparts . 
  there 's nothing to worry about . 
  the imaginary vessel has already brought additional funding . 
  [ swedish government ups taxes , spending : yahoo news ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/swedish-government-ups-taxes-spending-102715408.html ) . 
  speaking seriously , aside from ~ ~ editor 's ass ~ ~ the reliable source mentioned in the newspaper i 'm yet to see any official confirmation of ~ ~ nationalit\u00e9 d'un navire ~ ~ a ship 's nationality . 
  who is the real owner of the party ? 
  asks lviv newspaper and immediately gives an answer : crime boss pups ( `` bobblehead '' ) a.k.a. 
  igor krivetsky who currently is mp and a candidate of the `` svoboda '' party . 
  the official leader tyagnibok is only following orders ... 
  moreover , krivetsky is just a `` capo '' , using organized crime terminology , of the `` boss '' dmitry firtash . 
  firtash not only funds the `` svoboda '' party but also was a pillar of yanukovich 's regime and a partner of the putin 's regime . 
  hence the party is carrying out moscow 's orders aimed to destabilizing of ukraine . 
  `` express '' has been investigating of suspects for two years . 
  the newspaper has proven that firtash and krivetsky have in posession a joint venture company with assets of hundreds of millions dollars . 
  the newspaper also claims that current party chiefs across the country are ex-kgb or crooks . 
  the votes of the current mps of `` svoboda '' and `` party of regions '' ( the supporters of the ex-president yanukovich ) often match . 
  such fascinating unity was encountered in 62 percents of cases . 
  also , `` svoboda '' staged a torchlight procession aka fakelzug on kiev maidan a half of year ago . 
  another day , issues with the infamous controversial law about russian language status were brought into the discussion by `` svoboda '' mp , iirc . 
  i 'm just guessing that speculations about this law have sparked tensions in e ukraine for the very first time . 
  i could be wrong , ofc . 
  original link in ukrainian : [ ( expres.ua ) ] ( http://www.expres.ua/main/2014/10/23/117377-spravzhniy-gospodar-partiyi-cvoboda ) ps : does anybody can comment on this article ? 
  i 'd appreciate any thoughts . 
  perhaps , lviv residents are more aware of a credibility of the source . 
  access to the internet has become a subject to restrictions in russia . 
  as a nation , we have little in common with the gov ` t. 
  i 'd say those buggers are more concerned of the swiss bankers ' thoughts . 
   `` the regime in russia will not change as a result of an election , '' he said . 
  `` in a situation where we are barred even from running , i do n't see how it can . '', 
  i wonder why the west has turned a blind eye to protests two years ago . 
  at a time when sanctions and freezing assets would really help the west decided to evade a confrontation . 
  they 've been waiting until now , when shit hit the fan and the things have gone too far . 
  where is my tinfoil hat ? 
  excuses ?!, 
  you know , i 'm fed up with your arrogance . 
  thanks for the discussion . 
  which word you did n't get ? 
  4 hours on a plane . 
  by car ... 
  3-4 days , maybe . 
  novosibirsk is not so far away from moscow , actually . 
  it 's relatively warm city though . 
  the largest country mainly consists of tundra , permafrost and fucking endless forest called taiga . 
  the cost of mining often makes an extraction of minerals or fossils unprofitable . 
  the whole europe is smaller than european part of russia and the latter is the smallest part of the country . 
  your speculations about resources make sense but i 'm totally sure you 've never been to siberia or taiga . 
  i was there , it 's not so funny as you probably think . 
  no offence . 
  they 'll join together in the face of a common enemy . 
  their enemy is known : it 's you or me or an any normal person in the world . 
  all these guys are like a bunch of 12yo schoolgirls . 
  today they broke up with fellas after a fight , tomorrow they 'll cope with it and get along together again . 
  they have too much in common . 
  seems like the hungarian gov ' t is learning fast . 
  every time when the russian parliament needs to approve any unpopular decision ( like stolen pensions or tax growth ) , then someone of politicians proposes a ridiculous law or an amendment , mainly in the information field , like the internet regulation etc. 
  while people are bitching online about `` the end is near '' they do all dirty work in parliament and reject a bullshit law . 
   they do n't seem to be linking well with isis lolwat . 
  isis top commander is a chechen , as well many other commanders or regular militants . 
  actually , jihad has never been stopped in that region . 
  it 's going in a grey area , local authorities are constantly trying to sweep it under the carpet . 
  in the full absence of press they would have succeeded for some degree . 
  this kind is out of money from the start . 
  they 've never tried clean junk and therefore they have no clue about the difference . 
  it looks far better than it sounds , tbh . 
  i added links to the wiki articles as well . 
  also , how can the country ranked # 23 be in the middle of europe ? 
  obviously , it 's a disgusting result . 
  you 're trying to accuse me in manipulations because i took data and made up tables instead of plain linking of the wiki articles ? 
  edit : if answer is `` yes '' i 'll edit my comments . 
   to be allowed to be abused i abused numbers by posting it , right ? 
  may i ask you , whom to apply for granting me a permission needed for expressing my own opinion ? 
  russians certainly are the worst kind of people , we all will die from aids and vodka asap . 
  i 've got it now , thank you for pointing this out to me . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  it 's shit compared to the `` golden billion '' . 
  i agree , but from `` the other 6 billion people '' you mentioned about a half still wipe ass with dry grass . 
   as a result people resort to krokodil krokodil junkies begin their * career * from krokodil as well . 
  i 'm far from defending russia , i know this country very well . 
  factual data may preserve this sub from reducing down to the meaningless circlejerk .
