  one would call it ` improving the public image of russia '  let 's say , i 've encountered a number of people who justify it exactly like that . 
  it 's unlikely that an ordinary ` troll factory ' employee would be subjected to daily rectal inspections , haha . 
  i would argue that the risk of profit and reputation losses is usually a much better motivator to keep everything in secret . 
  whereas a typical employee is only at risk of getting fired and thus losing his one-month salary . 
  i understand why reading western newspapers could be mildly infuriating for some feebleminded russian nationals . 
  still , it 's a crappy excuse . 
  especially , in a country where everyone and their grandma routinely pretend to be a total pro in the field of int ' l affairs . 
  well , information leaks still happen every now and then . 
  bbc , dw , afp , bloomberg , ft , forbes , nyt , wp , wsj , business insider - to name a few off the top of my head . 
  the ones you would see on the front page of / r/europe , minus tabloids and conspiracy websites . 
  i believe there is a general consensus as to what it is . 
  thank you for understanding . 
  i just do n't want to be yet another russian poster expressing his uneducated opinion about the west . 
  there are already plenty of that crap all over the internet and honestly this is getting tiresome . 
  plus i may be terribly wrong , 
  you misread my comment tho . 
  of course , it 's possible . 
  my point is that you do n't need to organise a dedicated facility for that purpose . 
  you simply pay for that to some online astroturfing agency and call it a day . 
  the same way they find paid participants for pro-gov ' t rallies - they simply publish a job offer on vk . 
  i 'd prefer not to do that . 
  after all , it was my own fault for having high expectations . 
  which is not possible unless you suggest to impose a real name identification system all over the internet . 
  because china is a model country for all of us , lol . 
  using internet proxies is a no-brainer in this day and age . 
  that 's beside the point but do you really think that it 's okay to silence people that you do n't like ? 
  why do you even need free speech then ? 
  that 's because of runet being extremely polarised as of late . 
  that was n't the case 5-7 years ago . 
  there is no dialogue between the pro- and anti-gov ' t camps and no attempts of mutual understanding . 
  in my case , it was n't the english-language press that changed my view . 
  not to say that it 's borderline offensive to imply that i 'm too stupid to distinguish between reputable news sources and the russian funded propaganda . 
   troll factories top kek , / u/mogerroor . 
  i take it you 've read the story of a woman employee who worked at the astroturfing facility in spb . 
  it was revealed that the average salary was about 50k roubles a month for 12-hour shifts , daily . 
  granted , astroturfing in runet is a thing , but it 's very unlikely that someone who is able to string together a coherent sentence in english would work for that salary . 
  thinking that there is a room of people shilling on reddit of all places is flat out laughable . 
  leaving paid comments on websites , exploiting online surveys etc and the astroturfing industry in general is a long-standing , huge , decentralised , and mostly anonymous business . 
  political astroturfing is just yet another application of that technique . 
   some people are getting bored with the patriotism talk : they are tired of corruption and want real measures to be implemented to make their lives better . 
  the argument that they were ` given ' free education does not convince them , too . 
  this argument falls flat for oh so many students . 
  the vast majority of them ( or rather their parents ) still have to pay for education , be it in a direct or in an indirect way . 
   however , the language barrier remains the biggest obstacle to the access to information from other perspectives . 
  i 'm starting to think this might be a good thing . 
  the last two years i 've spent avoiding the russian echo chamber in favor of its western counterpart have drastically changed my perception of the western world , and sadly not for the better . 
  personal attacks and blatant racism amount to a direct violation of the community rules of / r/europe and may result in a ban . 
  take it as a warning . 
  personal attacks amount to a direct violation of the community rules of / r/europe and may result in a ban . 
  take it as a warning . 
  partitioning of poland , the molotov-ribbentrop pact and katyn massacre have all been taught in the russian school curriculum for 20 + years . 
  it 's mostly old farts who have no idea about the updated version of history or simply refuse to believe in that . 
  well , rt was banned from / r/europe for a reason . 
  however , i would say that the reaction of some european ( esp british ) tabloids regarding the refugee crisis was even worse than that of rt , not to say outright racist and xenophobic . 
  come to think of it , daily mail , the sun , and daily mirror are three most popular newspapers in the uk . 
  i mean , the future looks bleak : /, 
  the source is okay ( ish ) . 
  i misread your comment as ` many * in the west * believe in that ' but thanks for delivery anyway . 
  strictly speaking , the fact that rt capitalizes on the ` all doom and gloom outside of mother russia ' narrative is not a big deal per se . 
  a lot of news sources tend to exaggerate the ramifications of natural disasters and social unrests . 
  lying by omittance and the amount of whitewashing , when it comes to internal problems of russia , is the stuff that makes rt uncredible . 
   russian propaganda has led many to believe that russia had no part in the mh17 case has it , tho ? 
  would you care to provide a source to support that statement ? 
   the ussr suffered the heaviest losses in the war - more than 20 million civilians and military - though * scholars dispute the exact toll * . 
  nice one , bbc . 
  i beg to differ . 
  `` x is acting like hitler '' is a direct comparison . 
  no need to sweat it , it 's obvious that aside from reddit edgelords and tumblrinas no one would call anyone ` literally hitler ' , 
   it is really far-fetched to claim that western media in general is as bad as rt now it 's getting annoying . 
  i never said such a thing . 
  i understand the difference but fail to see why it matters that much . 
  the influence of western media giants is indisputable . 
  rt , let alone domestic russian media outlets , is nowhere near them in terms of the size of audience . 
   no one is calling him hitler eh , that 's not correct . 
  [ all of these people have compared vladimir putin to hitler | the washington post ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2014/03/05/all-of-these-people-have-compared-vladimir-putin-to-hitler/ )  hillary clinton says putin 's actions are like ` what hitler did back in the \u201930s '  mccain , rubio agree with clinton 's putin-hitler comparisons  zbigniew brzezinski : ' a partially comical imitation of mussolini and a more menacing reminder of hitler ' ... and the list goes on . 
  i did n't get the point , sorry . 
  it 's well known that rt was created for a purpose of spreading the official point of view among the western audience . 
  that being said , media do n't need to be state-owned to spread propaganda , or vise versa . 
  private media work just fine , too . 
  both napoleon and hitler started their invasions in june , actually , 
  why do you think many western ngos have been banned lately and domestic media outlets can no longer be owned by foreign citizens ? 
  everything that does n't fall in line with the government 's pov was labeled as ` western propaganda ' . 
  not that i condone it either - pretty far from that , actually - but they do have a point here . 
  any western ngo or media outlet poses direct threat to the regime 's narrative . 
  the reverse cargo cult : `` the west is as bad as we are , they are just better at concealing it '' - rt and the likes . 
  the reverse-reverse cargo cult : `` as long as russia spreads propaganda , it 's okay to do the same '' kinda lame , ai n't it ? 
  phew , already there . 
   when obama addressed the u.n. general assembly in new york last month , he referred to the same three issues -- russia , ebola and isis -- as causes of `` a pervasive unease in our world . '' - [ [ link ] ] ( http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/patrick-goodenough/russia-annoyed-hear-us-ranks-it-number-2-threat-int-l-peace-and ), 
  how convenient of them to lump the two together . 
  the train of dehumanization is quickly gaining momentum . 
  whoa , what happened to ` all people are born equal ' ? 
  though a real question would be ` who has the right to decide which one of those countries is a dictatorship ' but unfortunately i already know the answer . 
  in q2 2016 , food imports accounted [ for 22 % ] ( https://www.fedstat.ru/indicator/37164.do ) of total consumption in rufed . 
  he 's got the worst fucking attorneys . 
   the prisoners were electrocuted , beaten cruelly and for multiple days in a row with different objects ( iron bars , baseball bats , sticks , rifle butts , bayonet knives , rubber batons ) . 
   techniques widely used by the ukrainian armed forces and security forces include waterboarding , strangling with a ` banderist garrotte ' and other types of strangling . 
   in some cases prisoners , for the purposes of intimidation , were sent to minefields and run over with military vehicles , which led to their death . 
   other torture methods used by the ukrainian armed forces and security forces include bone-crashing , stabbing and cutting with a knife , branding with red-hot objects , shooting different body parts with small arms . 
   the prisoners taken captive by the ukrainian armed forces and security forces are kept for days at freezing temperatures , with no access to food or medical assistance , and are often forced to take psychotropic substances that cause agony . 
   an absolute majority of prisoners are put through mock firing squads and suffer death and rape threats to their families .
