  also ;, 
  [ holy shit that term is obnoxious and i 'm a yes voter ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kqxddwl.gif ), 
  what kind of improvements have you guys seen from dx11 crossfire  dx12 crossfire . 
  there was a pretty impressive ashes of the singularity benchmark that showed dx12 doing crossfire much , much better in dx12 than dx11 . 
  thanks . 
  prime foley vs sorta passed it to the point where he 's a fucking animal terry funk, 
  i wonder if those countries have some connection to some kind of trade deal , perhaps one that concerns the pacific . 
  hmmmmmmm, 
  how does ringfinger leonhard play into this ? 
  was he sent by the pontiff to assassinate her so that the truth of the pontiffs scheming could never be revealed , as i imagine rosaria would be one of the few people living that would know what happened to gwynevere . 
  great match , personally liked the ending . 
  what the fuck is jericho wearing . 
  i thought the first half was really good , but the second half kinda felt like an advertisement for ddp yoga . 
  still recommend wrestling fans to watch , if only for the real resurrection in the movie . 
  scott hall . 
  the man could hardly even stand up . 
  40-50 fps on medium-high settings , although i have n't tested since the hotfix . 
  i have no idea if dx12 is available yet , which will improve things for the 300 series . 
  how did karl franz only kill 10 soldiers while also almost dying ? 
  the scene where margaery hands the note to olenna was fucking retarded . 
  you would have to be a fucking mouth breathing , window licking retard with zero perception to not understand what was happening, 
  and yet the directors felt the need to add sound effects of a note being passed , not once , but fucking twice just to make sure you heard it . 
  the fucking hand holding in that scene is unreal , i 'm rustled as fuck . 
  if you 've received any letters regarding benefits , it will be on that also . 
  i was considering it , but i only got my 380 last july and it 's still great . 
  i 'm still not sure if i should sell my 380 now or hold off till next year and get more use out of my 380 , i 'm worried the 380 price will drop . 
  i 'm definitely upgrading to the 480 , just not sure when . 
  so this is the monitor that i have ... 
  ... would i need an adapter , what kind would i need or am i okay . 
  well hold on , did n't remain use the death of jo cox as a reason people should vote remain ? 
  educated like dave where he cut disability payments or educated like tony blair where he bombed civilians . 
  it 's so difficult to tell these days . 
  here 's worst case . 
  so we 've left the eu , we now have to wait 2 years for it to become 100 % done . 
  nicola sturgeon is n't able to get a referendum within that period and has to wait until after the 2 year mark . 
  we have our referendum and we vote yes . 
  we now have to wait 2 years for us to leave and start on our own . 
  now we start negotiating to join the eu , because the eu is not going to see us as a special snowflake and treats us like any other country wanting to join . 
   croatia applied 2005 , got in 2013, 
   albania applied 2009 , not expected to join until 2020, 
   iceland applied in 2009 , it 's up in the air atm and many people doubt it will happen, 
   macedonia applied in 2004 , ongoing application, 
   montenegro applied in 2008 , ongoing application, 
   serbia applied in 2009 , not expected to join until 2020, 
   turkey applied in 1987 , negotiations in 2005 , currently ongoing, 
   kosovo has not yet applied because of issues with serbia, 
  so now scotland has left the uk and is floating in political and economic no mans land with one of the highest deficits in europe, 
  so now the eu looks at scotland and asks - why the fuck do we want a country with a terrible birth rate , high deficit , poverty , over reliant on oil to be successful economically and a country that left the eu . 
  add in spain who would veto our entry , the fact that the eu does n't want to set a precedent that it 's okay to leave the eu and rejoin as a different entity and you have a political fucking quagmire, 
  i voted remain btw . 
  it 's a fucking mess . 
  holy hyperbole batman, 
  the uk is very experienced in dealing with large crowds of people who may or may not be provocative , i 'm going to trust them on this . 
  also the officers never saw the assault which makes it he said/she said . 
  why would you risk a full blown riot because of 1 claim that lauren and her team can follow up on afterwards , they can press charges if they want . 
  how many times do you have to pass the ball into a dead end wing for you to think '' hey , maybe we should burst through the middle and try and like , pass the ball , like the good teams do '', 
  how is this getting upvoted , may as well say ` well done ' all muslims for 9/11 . 
  fuck me , i have n't seen someone burnt this bad since vietnam . 
  it was the worst pens i 've ever seen and yet it was the best penalty shoot out i 've ever seen , how is that possible . 
  keep an eye on http://taima.tv/r/sc/, 
  why did the minimum fps drop when you oc 'd , just a weird variable ? 
  i have 3 words to describe this commentary team and i 'm gon na spell.it.out, 
  wake me up, 
  ca n't wake up, 
   she 's not ` screaming ' , she was shouting, 
  i 'm glad you cleared that up for me , i was thinking she was screeching , but i was mistaken . 
  we 're top of the league, 
  we 're top of the league, 
  we 're top of the - disciplinary league, 
  at the bonfire near the rolling skele ball , if you go down towards the collapsable bridge there is a skele there using one, 
  i 've never seen this , that was incredible . 
  what are the chances that total war : arena will be seen again this year ? 
  unaspect the unaspected, 
  for every other team `` it 's the germans '', 
  for scotland `` it 's hampden '', 
  fuck this stadium , someone put some bad voodoo in the foundations when it was built . 
  if we can equalise before half time , make some changes , bring on anya , griffiths . 
  we can do a job tonight , they look so shaky at the back . 
  strachan - '' okay lads now today we 're gon na practice having the ball outside the penalty area , so we know how to score '', 
  players - '' boss would it not be better to actually practice scoring '', 
  strachan - '' well you see that 's what they would expect , but we know they know that so we 're no gon na do that . '', 
  i mean considering they very clearly have vote botting on their sub i would n't be surprised . 
  if this is n't a work then fuck . 
  wwe will never allow woman a spot like that again , they had 1 shot and they completely fucking blew it . 
  absolute disgrace , if scotland had beaten lithuania and slovakia and gotten beat 3-0 by this england team i would be seething . 
  strachan needs to go and half that team can fuck off with him . 
  those sockets have seen some shit . 
  this is amazing . 
  it has all the features of a tw game and more , how exactly does it not feel like one ? 
  nimby ( an acronym for the phrase `` not in my back yard '' ), 
  i had no idea what that meant . 
  is n't that part of her character , that her and miz are above the match ? 
  here 's the episode list http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b084zh3v/episodes/guide . 
  hopefully it does well so they can make more episodes . 
  looking forward to the battle of waterloo . 
  i do n't know what that arm move was but jesus christ i think a vomited a bit in my mouth . 
  why does it sound like a game show audience ? 
  fuck me , please do n't let this suck . 
  why did punk look so flabby here ? 
  still no fix for http://i.imgur.com/rncedqb.png ?
