  that 's a lot of assumptions batman . 
  itt people who have no idea about the historical context of knife crime in glasgow and scotland in general . 
  i love how reddit bemoans gun crime , but knife crime is fine , right ? 
  speaking from a position of ignorance , but is atilla like napolean , where he just gets injured then reappears after a while ? 
  thanks , been trying to resolve this all day . 
  [ we all are mate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hltxvun.jpg ), 
  sign me up, 
  should have backed it up on another device man . 
  i believe twiglets fits into the grey area between party snacks and crisps , scientists believe twiglets have more in common with mini cheddars than crisps . 
  this is all speculative of course and there is no hard evidence to support it either way . 
  i loved anno 2070 , even if i was shit at it . 
  the atmosphere and the music is amazing and it sounds like it will be the same for 2205 . 
  i never played 1404 , 2070 is definitely comfy though . 
  doing coke damages the nerve endings around your nostrils , so even if you are clean , your nose will itch and tingle from the damage to your nerve endings after doing coke for many years . 
  just an fyi as he may actually be clean . 
  he 's the john cena of the dog world . 
  stream not working ... 
  it was created out of spite though ... 
  ... and to piss off feminists like anita and wuu , which is literally spite . 
  oh fuck off , that was so unnecessary, 
  could be a metaphor for heroin addiction . 
  can i get a citation because that is pretty incredible , incredibly bad for the guy who bled out , but still . 
  more likely not to vote at all tbh , still looking for a proper centre party that i can trust , the fm is pushing me away with affirmative action , black and white policy on syria , refusing to acknowledge the north sea oil crisis and opposing new nuclear power in scotland . 
   anyway i check out a video now and she 's gained weight , she has this weird ... only way i can describe it as a lip piercing , as in she 's got a ring right on her upper lip , a most unflattering position . 
  and she generally just looks really trashy and unflattering , when before she had an almost serene classical beauty to her . 
  what happened in the past 2 years to her ? 
  i think i know who makes all those creepy as fuck comments on female asmr videos . 
  seriously get a life you fucking creep . 
  i never post on / r/asmr , but you really are a prick . 
  field of vision is probably the biggest hurdle ca faces , i feel like the scout ability ranged units have should be switched to cav . 
  grass = taddle-tale, 
  bulbous nose kane , but who 's side is he on ?!, 
  holy shit , thanks dude . 
  1 ) how will the story play out , they 've obviously been playing around with putting in story to tw with dlc like the last roman . 
  2 ) can you ensure that amd users wo n't have their experience diminished because of nvidia gameworks, 
  3 ) dx12 yes/no ? 
  4 ) how are you enabling the orks to feel like a massive horde , in current tw you can have 20 units + reinforcements , but it 's not exactly organic, 
  5 ) the raze mechanic in tw : a is interesting but flawed . 
  will it be in tw : w and if so in what ways will you implement it to insure the map is n't 60 % razed . 
  afaik the mod has n't decided what type of missile will be installed on the t45 's with the planned upgrade which should have already been on the ships if it were n't for the recession . 
  that could have a large impact on the config and cost of the t26 . 
  the mod will find a way to waste money . 
  this is some black dynamite next level logic . 
  it has arguably the best naval combat , it 's somewhat arcady but god damn if it is n't fun to see shit blow up . 
  the cool thing about the game is that it melds traditional with modern and you 'll see what you perceive to be op units annihilate other units , but it 's very realistic for the time , samurai would get fucked up by armstrong guns . 
  took the words right out of my mouth . 
  why the fuck are politician blogs being stickied ? 
  get it to fuck . 
  this thread is more wtf than anything i 've seen on / r/wtf in months . 
  do n't uninstall origin , just download another version and use that . 
  if you are using amd , check out the new beta drivers . 
  can someone tell me the strategic goals of canada in hoi 3 tfh ? 
  i 've just taken n.africa from the italians and i 'm builing up my forces for either a sicilian invasion or dow on vichy france . 
  save the unit xp you make using premium units and convert it into commander xp , it 's the fastest way to level up your commanders . 
  i seriously doubt it , protesters like the ones in the op infest places like london . 
  i feel like the game would be more fun if they took a leaf out of blizzards book . 
  better chance of oranges , but shit tons of different affixes , keep the very best affixes/unique items on a low chance . 
  i have a sapphire 380 and i 've never had issues with drivers , also afaik the sapphire variant outperforms the rest in all but 2 factors , ~ ~ i 'll find the source . ~ ~, 
  edit : source : http://www.hardwareluxx.com/index.php/reviews/hardware/vgacards/35903-reviewed-asus-msi-and-sapphire-r9-380.html?start=6, 
  that 's really up to you , honestly i would just would for the r9 380x . 
  you will get better performance and the benefit of better warranty on the non-sapphire variant even if you take a marginal performance/wattage/heat hit , afaik the 380x is coming out this month . 
  use zen mate on chrome and you can bypass the region restriction . 
  i found that the usa get 's more anime and sooner than everyone else , so swings and roundabouts really . 
  that baby though, 
  still hyped, 
  this is good because i stopped playing @ 21 hours played because the loot/reward system to me is anti-fun . 
  i 'm not really sure what you mean : <, 
  i love how everyone thinks ` anti-fun ' equals `` i 'm a scrub '', 
  okay so let me explain this , since you mentioned d3 . 
  when d3 launched the game was terrible because of a multitude of reason , but one of them was that the chance getting legs was fucking awful and when you did get one it was often garbage . 
  so blizzard changed things , they massively increased the number of legs and increased the chance of getting said legs . 
  the chance of getting the very best sets + weapons was still very small , but you could now obtain sets/legs that enabled you to tap into interesting builds that could change in interesting ways due to much more interesting affixes . 
  d3 at launch = anti-fun, 
  d3 : ros = fun, 
  vermintide now = anti fun rng on rng, 
  vermintide post loot change = more exotics with different quality tiers ? , guaranteed weapon/trinkets based on your class ? 
  the only thing that would change would be that there would be greater loot diversity and many more different builds to play with . 
  a player in d3 with full firebirds/f + r+s erpents sparkler is cool , but a player in aw/mo/tal 's is going to absolutely crush that player in gr 's . 
  it 's not even comparable , just like it would n't be comparable if vermintide had greater loot diversity and instead of basing success off exotics , basing it off game modes that allow competition like timed runs . 
  starting to ramble , butit 's funny i 'm writing this while watching blizzcon because wyatt cheng ( the d3 dev ) just talked about how people like starting a new char on seasons and building up your char with new legs and new ideas for builds . 
  it 's possible to do that because legs are n't behind a game of chance ( 7.4 % on hard ), 
  if you take issue with anything i 've said , discuss . 
  it 's unfortunate people would rather down vote than discuss , i 'm reading your post atm . 
  i do n't care if we do n't get an expansion , i just want cold wizards to get a set that brings them more in line with the rest and channeling spells like rof workable in high gr 's without it being a death sentence . 
  let 's not get crazy now . 
  this video gave me ptsd pls remove or its racism . 
  edit : can ppl stop upvoting this u r contributing to rape culture , like can u just not gawd . 
  for the love of god save us crossfit jesus, 
  wow , i 'm glad i 'm not the only one having this issue , hopefully they fix it soon . 
  i was getting 94 degrees on my r9 380 before realising overdrive reset to manual fan control . 
  i could have destroyed my r9 380 because of the fan bug , so absolutely . 
  ehh ... dunno about that , pretty sure 10 tory mp 's voted against action in syria . 
  it does n't matter, 
  augustyn and rossi are such a liability . 
  if you make metsfan4ever look strong , like really strong then we '' ll owe you one . 
  i have the 4gb version and it 's fantastic , plays everything i throw at it . 
  if i say the word rape do you get into fetal position and wait for someone to carry you to your safe space ? . 
  serious question . 
   4690k ( not oc 'd ), 
  i have n't checked my frame rate , but if i had to guess i would say somewhere between 50-55 , 60 fps is some rare occasions .
