i have n't decided yet . 
  why would you buy it on steam , when you can get the physical copy for cheaper ? 
  that is n't pay to win , it 's pay to save time , which is entirely reasonable . 
  do some fucking homework before making claims of what is pay to win or not . 
  the price of cash shop items is too high and respecs should be bought with gold , but the game is not pay to win , even if the means of acquiring some items is unreasonable atm , it is still not pay to win . 
  i 've heavily criticized ca on ship ai for the computer since rome , going from the ai of m1 to rome was night and day to me . 
  if this fixes the problem , then great . 
  i can think of 2 things that i find somewhat obnoxious ;, 
  1 ) jessie is a smart guy , but he plays the fool far too often and quite frankly i just do n't find it funny , it 's childish , pandering humour aimed at 13 year olds and tumblr . 
  he should keep it to his channel . 
  2 ) dodger contributes almost nothing to the show , she seems uninterested in even attempting to present an interesting argument and is so ` neutral ' . 
  she spends more time making silly faces and playing with her cat and reading the chat , that when something is being discussed i get the impression that it kinda of just goes over her head because she was n't actually paying attention . 
  she just agrees and nods her head . 
  i used to be subbed to dodger , for over a year , but her content and schedule are just really poor . 
  i unsubbed from her 2 weeks ago . 
  tldr ; tb is the host and thus is too passive , since i 'm not subbed to jessie and no longer subbed to dodger , whenever that immature , tumblr-esque humour comes out , i have to just mute the stream and wait for it to pass , it 's obnoxious as fuck . 
  silly podcast , not to be taken seriously , we do what we want , stop watching . 
  yes i know , but when angry joe was on we had good solid discussion , we a passive guest comes on , dodger and jessies dumb humour takes over and ruins it . 
  i 'm not saying to kick off jessie , because actually when he is n't being dumb he is an intelligent articulate speaker and presents interesting and really good topics for discussion , he also is n't afraid to get in the mud and disagree passionately . 
  name 3 things dodger contributes to the show ... 
  the number of people exploiting the game openly right now is ridiculous , it 's like the wild west . 
  ` he is joined by dave filoni as executive producer , ', 
  praise the sun, 
  praise the sun, 
  praise the sun, 
  no he is n't , we tried 4 times , with me tanking ( gf ) , then i suggested that i try and tank the adds and just burn the boss . 
  it worked on the first try . 
  i remember when i ` decided ' i would take india , i sent 4 naval fleets comprised of 1st-3rd rates and frigates , with 3 armies on board . 
  i landed in the south west and took the lightly defended city there . 
  i then started to push out and laid siege to a second city to the north . 
  unfortunately all i had done was kick the hornets nest , because there were now 7 full stack armies , with more joining them , bee-lining for me . 
  i was in the process of building a colonial army , so i had 3.5 armies at my disposal . 
  the first army which consisted of 6 units of arty , line infantry and a general with 2 units of supporting dragoons met the first 2 armies on a flat land . 
  they crushed me , my arty was ineffectual against their spread out melee infantry , my line infantry were not properly deployed to deal with the elephants and the melee units running up behind them . 
  so yeah most of them died . 
  my colonial troops also took part in the fighting , and actualy fared somewhat better , but they were eventually killed . 
  i realised i would have to flee the theater , so i used my 2nd army garrisoned in a plantation to cover my retreat , they all died . 
  my grand army retreated onto the ships and fled back to gibraltar to fight again . 
  i returned some years later with 6 armies , new tactics and strategies and eventually after many years of bloody fighting took all of india . 
  who 's the guy that does those amazing world rebellion aar 's ? 
  yeah i pick him . 
  its great britain , not england . 
  i 'm hoping you did that intentionally , 
  better question ; where the hell is your pic from the 90 's incontrol , do n't hide it from us . 
  it has arguably the best multiplayer of any total war game , largely due to how well built the maps are . 
  the single player campaigns are fun too . 
  if you prefer slower , more strategic gameplay , then n : tw is for you , if you prefer faster paced gameplay then stick with s2 . 
  the moment he zoomed out into the homeworld style tactical map , made me sit up , literally . 
  do n't play with my heart man , fuck sakes :(, 
  you say it 's faster paced , is the blizzard mechanic strong enough that it potentially slows the pace down a bit . 
  i 'm assuming a player wo n't make his offensive during a blizzard with his t4 stuff or is the blizzard mechanic actually quite weak in that regard . 
  i watched a couple of games for the beta tourney that was held before the end of beta and it seemed like the game came to a pretty sudden stalemate when a blizzard broke out . 
  '' each side get a rocket barrage vehicle like the calliope from coh1 without needing any specific tech tree . '', 
  okay that 's actually terrible , it sounds like they took away a lot of the risk/reward of using artillery/rockets on an area . 
  i really enjoyed the woman in black , i 'm 24 and it was the first film to really scare me since the shining , back when i was 9 years old . 
  considering nolan is involved , the sequel will probably be called something different , much like ;, 
  batman begins, 
  the dark knight, 
  the dark knight rises, 
  we are the diddy team, 
  i got the impression that strachan would rather have players being called up from inside scotland , than having 10 first teamers in england that can turn him down . 
  i actually agree with him , although hutton and fletcher ahve been pretty loyal to the national team so far . 
  anyone found a high res version of ; http://i.imgur.com/pudphdbh.jpg ? 
  i really do n't feel sorry for him , regardless of the reasons for drama , he has been told and advised fucking repeatedly to stop responding to idiots . 
  he never fucking does though . 
  vocal minority throw a hissy fit ? 
  cancel everything , noone gets cake . 
  fuck the silent majority . 
  yeah lets take / r / gamiing seriously guys because that 's worked out in the past hehehehe, 
  thanks man , apparently there are elephants in that screen :d, 
  the cgi style reminds me of the live action/animated stuff they did in the 60 's / 70 's but updated for 2013 , i really like it . 
  the hobbit should n't look grim dark like lotr , it should be full of colour and imagination . 
  i 'll try this out . 
  i also have a torchlight key and plenty of dota 2 keys if you want them for rewards . 
  i 'm hoping this does n't have too bad an effect on the people that do a good job in the ecig market . 
  i do agree that we should have a comprehensive study on the chemicals used in eliquid and the potential dangers of it , if any . 
  i have an ego and use about 10ml of nicotine liquid every 2 weeks . 
  i used to smoke 20 fags every 1.5 days . 
  i have n't smoked a fag in 8 weeks , nor do i have any urges to do so . 
  it 's a medicine in the same sense as methodone is for heroic addicts , obviously no where near as serious though . 
  ca really needs to consider adding a feature to show different info on the map . 
  like paradox does with their gsg 's . 
  it 's really odd that spain has no gold and britain is furs as opposed to more iron or timber . 
  the comic book version of that is unbelievably gory , even for wolverine . 
  i wonder if they 'll even go 10 % of that . 
  also the nuke went off just over a full year after the landings at normandy . 
  once germany surrendered , tens of thousands of americans shipped to asia . 
  one of the worst episodes of qt i 've witnessed . 
  almost every person in the audience that spoke was ignorant and/or sensationalist to the point of pure cringe . 
  the guy who asked about aliens or some shit should be fucking ashamed of himself , `` lol so randumb giez alienz xd '' . 
  i 'm scottish , 24 , and that qt was fucking embarrassing and i felt bad for the people in the audience who are in their teens , but who have taken a genuine interest in politics beyond '' this could be a laugh , lets sign up for qt '' . 
  i was leaning towards iceni , then i saw chariots in action . 
  even though ca still have some time to potentially fix them , they still loook like the act much in the same way as r1 , so yeah , not iceni . 
  i 'm thinking now either suebi or a greek faction . 
  considering how much they mauled his character in the first one , i 'm okay with this . 
  well the problem is that the tone of the avengers is different than thor . 
  in thor it 's more serious , in the avengers he 's reduced to comic relief for hulk and defeated by a human because apparently loki is actually as dumb as thor , something they clearly showed was not one of loki 's weaknesses in thor , but was a weakness for thor . 
  i like tom huddlestone , i loved him in henry v , but they needed a villain to stand on a spot and talk shit while the real characters did cool things that fan boys can squeel at . 
  that 's his only purpose in that film . 
  maybe your love for the avengers is clouding your judgement on what makes an entertaining character beyond calling someone a cunt .
