  i bought a few cotton bags for a pound each , they might be smaller than some large plastic bags , but they will never burst and the straps are more comfortable making them easier to carry . 
  what ? , a gopro ? 
  no harm in trying , good luck everyone . 
  pretty sure del toro wanted it made into 2 movies , but the studio wanted 3 for a franchise , even del toro realised that would be ridiculous . 
  peter jackson stretched it was much as he could , shame because you can see the book in the first movie , the other 2 are just a mess though . 
  i do n't really understand this , hibs are n't in a dire situation financially and there 's no guarantee that fan ownership would mean better finances or more stability . 
  you can understand why hearts would , but even ann budge put down the loan for the transition into fan ownership , who is going to put down money to guarantee hibs do n't fall apart if enough hibs fans do n't commit ? 
  if you want to play as france , select the european campaign in napoleons campaigns , just an fyi as it 's not completely obvious . 
  also play a russian campaign on hard/hard it 's enjoyably difficult without feeling like the ai is cheating . 
  your economy is dogshit so build it up , take out the ottomans asap and prepare for the french juggernaut . 
  rangers have n't had a single shot , the could get really fucking messy in the second half . 
  google is your friend, 
  this is brilliant . 
  i 'm against it because alcohol related deaths are falling and in 2013 were at their lowest level since 1998 . 
  can you imagine how fucking hard doctors and nurses in nhs scotland cringed at the very idea of making alcohol consumption seem more attractive ? 
  celtic doing scottish football proud tonight , i feel that the celtic fans will feel hard done by though after they rewatch it , inter nothing special in celtic park . 
  rip aberdeens title challenge , we hardly knew ye . 
  query : this `` meatbag '' is an incoherent babble of useless information . 
  can i shoot him ? 
  do you know which one ? 
  this is n't inclusiveness , it 's marxism and it 's seeped into every crevice of learning in the western world . 
  soon we 'll hear about certain gender ( straight ) , ethnicity ( white ) and sex ( men ) not being allowed in certain classes because ` muh feels ' . 
  time to watch the hollow crown again , i 'd advise anyone who has n't seen it to do so , it 's shakespearean , but it 's not as dense as some other adaptations and the acting is fantastic . 
  fantastic cast too . 
  they are due to begin work on the next part next year , hopefully . 
  i was thinking about the damage model and how fun it would be if they added a survivors vs robots mode . 
  i fucking loved binary domains damage model and i just wanted to fight waves of robots over and over . 
  this is screaming for an rko outta nowhere . 
  it 's a cultural thing , people who were born in 2000 and later never grew up playing strategy games , moba 's like lol and fps games like cod were the staple diets of gamers of that age . 
  i 'm 26 and for me it was strategy and fast paced fps like ut2k4 and quake , i imagine it was the same for a lot of people around my age . 
  it 's kinda fascinating actually . 
  i 'm seriously convinced hampden is bad luck , if the stadium burnt down after this game i 'd party . 
  i 'm laughing , unreal haha, 
   you can play whatever element you want from the looks of things ,, 
  if this is true then i 'm looking forward to 2.2 , i thought wizards only good build on the ptr was nerfed which left them back at pre 2.2 square one . 
  are blizzard aware of the problem that channeling spells face when trying to stay competitive with non channeling spells . 
  i really like ray of frost , unfortunately it is unusable because of how slow it is and the fact i need to stand still to cast it . 
  it 's not pay to win , it 's pay to save time , there 's a difference . 
  the first hour was fun then it becomes a cookie clicker , some people are masochistic and like that stuff , personally it 's not for me . 
  i 've always loved the idea that ashoka uses herself to protect luke and leia by distracting vader and sending him on a wild goose chase after her , it would be a compelling end for ashoka 's story if she were to sacrifice herself to save luke and leia . 
  hey i do n't play neverwinter and have n't for a while , but i got an elemental trove gift in my emails , so first come first served i guess . 
  bepgjfzk, 
  `` do you intend to kill me ? '', 
  `` ahaha , no 007 i intend to neuter you '', 
  s1 - merlyn/league, 
  i said it before this game , rangers are never beating qots over 2 legs . 
  [ it 's all fun and games until someone decides to bring chemical weapons into the waterfight ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hq3hejo.jpg ), 
  took 3 years before a single scene was shot for the fellowship , after that it took 1 year for two towers and another year for return of the king . 
  just takes time to set everything up , once it 's set up though , you are good to go , which is why it takes less time after the first movie . 
  snp , even though i think nicola is taking the party far too left wing for my tastes . 
  ronda has acted in movies , godart is a model . 
  pretty straightforward . 
  that 's pretty much in line with me , i was really hoping that ca would follow up from fots with a vicky tw.medieval 1 was the first and my favourite tw too . 
  not a fun out the high pitched sound of the bat mobile and i hope you can change the fov on the driving , maybe it was just because it 's on console , but the fov was pretty bad . 
  the time limit on speaking , they had extra time . 
  it 's like a scene from garth marengi 's darkplace, 
  this billy boys adaptation is quite nice . 
  will be an chest full of invoices . 
  they 'll have to feed boyd paper mache hamburgers . 
  these chants are brutal haha, 
  i 'm getting deja vu . 
  i thought the giant would die , then turn and start fucking the ships up, 
  has ign gone back to the old style rewind trailers ? 
  i think people universally hated the new style . 
  you 're a legend mate , would never have known about this , guess i 'm subbing to / r/buildapcsalesuk from now on . 
  one of the guys they picked up actually asked if they were making a film , it 's in the movie . 
  i really want a corsair 730t for my new build , what expectations should i have when it comes to fan cooling . 
  how best to facilitate cooling in a full tower case , what fan set-ups/types should i use , is water-cooling better for full tower than mid/mini-atx ? 
  i was going to get 4 noctua a15 's and be done with it , but there 's probably a better way . 
  i find when people on forums use the term ` open letter ' , what they really mean is '' my opinion is the correct one and everyone else is a fucking idiot , but smart people like you and me get that  '', 
  fucking dancer, 
  is the image upscaled to 19x10 or is it 8x6 stretched to fit ? 
  i ca n't tell if this thread is being downvote brigaded or if the comments are just that shit ... 
  tv show is still on the bbc after like 2 decades and its fantastic . 
  what mods are you using ? 
  i also have n't played in a while , but i 'll be getting common sense tomorrow . 
  yeah i 'm in livingstone and it 's mad , whole bedroom being lit up . 
  seems like it 's coming from the west . 
  can you recommend a usb stick ? 
  looking to save money where i can , thanks . 
  is it contacts or is he actually a reptilian . 
  i want to belieb, 
  pretty good review here . 
  if they had back plates , why did n't they put one on the r9 390 ? 
  i 'll still be getting it , but it 's disappointing . 
  i personally found dawg fight to be boring , knuckle on the other hard was pretty damn engrossing . 
  make it yourself , it 's easy . 
  according to punk , hhh hated punk and vince tried to convince punk to stay . 
  dc has been throwing superman into buildings and then have those buildings collapse for decades . 
  i mean the superman vs doomsday fight was at least on par in terms of destruction with mos , probably more . 
  also if it 's about being too dark , watching superman spit up blood while doomsday punches the shit out of him is pretty fucking dark . 
  it 's not really new , the scene in superman returns where lex stabs supes with kryptonite and then has his lackies beat the shit out of him , was pretty fucking dark too . 
  in that situation i felt it was a bit much . 
  here 's an interesting video on roundabouts and traffic in general . 
  i held out buying my pc components for a sale on tupperware . 
  thanks amazon . 
  in scotland we have the right to roam , as long as we do n't cause damage or use mechanized shit we can go anywhere , it 's great . 
  antec edge 650 watt is great , got one for # 77, 
  what does the form 9/9/9 / 24 mean ? 
  i assume the first 3 9 's are the cas , but why repeated and what does the 24 mean ?
