  cue rock music . 
  paul w.s.anderson knows that pompeii is one of the most tragic events in recorded history right ? 
  reminder that this is only the roman one , so while there will be overlap , we will probably say many unique techs for the different cultures that have unique trees . 
  i think i read there are 5 , so you assumption is pretty spot on , i think there is probably just 1 for the eastern factions though . 
  started a scotland campaign in brittania . 
  also need to finish my russia game in n : tw . 
  lancashire or yorkshire , there can only be one !!, 
  / r/paradoxplaza would love this video, 
  film4 are also involved , who have done some fantastic films over the years . 
  the problem i have with them is the range . 
  slingers beat javelins and that 's okay , slingers also beat archers though in my experience which is fine if they 've closed to distance by using cover/buildings , but archers should be able to get a volley off before the slingers get in range in an open field battle imo . 
  i think this would also buff horse archers who are really weak atm imo . 
  `` lesser features that really did n't pan out '', 
  i really hope he 's talking about flags in open battles . 
  it 's only england and wales , the current law in scottish prisons is that , you can smoke in your cell provided you do n't have a cellmate who objects . 
  you can also smoke in designated areas . 
  i picked up a 7770 for # 75 a few months ago , really happy with it so far . 
  we 're gon na need a montage, 
  1 ) do you have an update on how ca are fixing naval battles ? 
  2 ) eta on reinforcing armies not joining the fight/getting stuck on ships bug being fixed ? 
  3 ) currently the ai is unbelievably passive , almost never declaring war on you , do you have an update on this ? 
  4 ) why was the political intrigue system gutted ? 
  i thought the film was terrible and this is coming from a big vin diesal fan and lover of the riddick universe . 
  the first 30 minutes is unbelievably boring , i get a simple introduction to riddick , but why the hell are we doing that on the third film in a franchise ? 
  it sounds like a dirt bike . 
  slingers are broken , more broken than the history of the word broken . 
  they are broken, 
  oh god make it stop . 
  putting my name into the hat , 
  he can wire you the monies . 
  '' we should 've backed it ... '', 
  holy shit hahaha, 
  you think 10 billion is a lot ? 
  try 43 billion . 
  the final episodes of the clone wars were supposed to begin airing in november , but were pushed to next year , not sure if that has anything to do with it . 
  those episodes will now be shown close to the beginning of the new animated show set between 3 and 4 . 
  here 's the eu fisheries policy in a nut shell ;, 
  eu - `` you can fish 10k tons of tuna '', 
  fisherman - `` okay fine '', 
  fisherman - `` hey we caught 10k of tuna , but also ended up with 3k of x fish accidently '', 
  eu - `` well you 've gone past the 10k limit , so we 're fining you '', 
  fisherman - `` but we can sell this fish and maybe get people off the over fished stuff '', 
  eu - `` no , throw it back into the sea '', 
  fisherman - `` but , that is n't solving the problem '', 
  eu - `` do you want us to reduce the limit farther ? '', 
  and that 's how the fishing industry in scotland faroes , iceland and norway is dying, 
  are thracian warriors considered heavy or shock infantry now ? 
  then they would be homeless . 
  there 's a difference between rich mass fishing and independent fisherman just trying to make ends meat . 
  the eu does n't differentiate between them . 
  i remember reading something about christian bale , where he said he does n't like to do interviews because he does n't want people to get used to him . 
  so when he is on the screen it 's the person he 's playing and not the actor you are thinking about . 
  i think will ferrel should take a leaf out his book , i get trying to promote it , but how am i to feel excited about his character when he 's being promoted so cheaply . 
  i felt the same with the loki talking to children skit . 
  it was in the beta too , they never got round to fixing it apparently . 
  depends if they continue using warscape . 
  no = i dunno , m3 , but they would fuck it up like m2, 
  if they could somehow get back to a state of mind like they had for n : tw and made victoria : tw , i think it would have the potential to be incredible . 
  we 've already seen that a bigger budget does n't mean jack shit , so may as well shoot for the moon . 
  the tax advisor is costing you more than it 's making . 
  rome 2 is a game that should not have been . 
  here you have an engine that has been used for 2 full release games now and the gremlins in that engine were being figured out . 
  the problem is that while they had figured how to implement gunpowder focused game play , the melee based stuff was still very basic . 
  it became clear to me pretty early after seeing some of the game play videos shown close to release that they had n't fixed the problem that empire and s2 had with melee blobbing . 
  i 'm almost certain that they were wanting to do a victoria age era game before heading back to melee . 
  everything points to this . 
  the clash of wooden naval vessels versus the new pre-dreadnought era , railways , the age of steam and industrialization , the change from muskets to rifles , everything was pushing towards a scramble for africa kind of military state . 
  i have to assume the decision to go with r2 was entirely monetarily based . 
  also we heard much of how much the budget for r2 had been increased , i have a suspicion though that they had actually invested into victoria tw and were forced to down tools and switch to r2 . 
  the decision to make r2 was senseless to me and it 's apparent in the game play , missing features , bugs and bear bones feeling the game has . 
  i think ca 's best days are behind them at this point , although people said that after empire and then they went and made s2 and fots , so who knows . 
  or just watch the girl who lept through time and then fall into a deep depression . 
  in no particular order ;, 
  brittanyasmr, 
  hailey whispering rose, 
  fairycharasmr, 
  heather feather, 
  massageasmr, 
  have you see the book of eli ? 
  i 'm noticing a trend of southerners who think it 's disgusting and northerners who think its nice . 
  we call it tea 'n' toast up here , i like it , 
  i do n't think a forum owned by ca would need to ask for donations to replace an ailing server . 
  why are non-mainstream games ever chosen ? 
  and i 'm not including multi-million dollar indies that get paraded out constantly . 
  is there a list of the bafta critics who make the shortlist ? 
  talking about games like eu4 , which imo had the best soundtrack of 2013 . 
  this is subjective though . 
  r2 has over 4 times the number of people playing atm on steam , so eh ... 
  i 've always felt slightly embarrassed as a brit when the uk lavishes praise on rockstar considering how horrible the uk government and national media treated them when they were starting out . 
  considering bafta is an extension of the national media , it seems too little too late to me . 
  same thing happend to yms ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucsc16omxxlcjsb9sxkjwmja ), 
  he got his videos restored after a couple of weeks . 
  did i miss something ? , why is that ` bitchy ' ? 
  i wonder if they 'll actually start showing exclusive programming to each country . 
  basically if you live in scotland and an exclusive tv show , usually cultural stuff , is on , well you ca n't see it on iplayer , you have to watch english tv . 
  especially frustrating when a football game is on , but they 'll show whats on bbc1/2 not bbc 1/2 scotland . 
  even though gary busey wrote that , i still read it in george carlin 's voice . 
  no , seriously go and re-read it in his voice , you 'll know what i 'm talking about , it has that bouncing , rhyming rhythm to it . 
  i dunno man , anchorman 2 was pretty silly . 
  i 'm absolutely gutted , parliament wo n't be the same without her .
