  use repair powder to sparkle for added rp . 
  incredible power , respectable muscles !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
   ukip candidates ( and now farage himself ) are constantly being racist, 
  as are the conservatives and labour and the greens and the only reason you never hear about it is because nobody gives a fuck about some random mep from fucksknowshwhereshire , unless it 's a ukip mep . 
  i do n't hear people calling boris johnstone a racist for all the shit he 's said , but obviously he 's just a fool to be laughed in jokingly . 
  i do n't even support ukip and it 's amazing how the bias of print media leaks onto peoples brains . 
  6 type 45 's to protect 6 billion worth of carriers , what a joke our mod is . 
  it 's even worse when you consider that we ca n't land aew planes onto the carriers . 
  yet again we are going to be in a position where we are forced to seek american help on the most basic of force projection missions , like libya . 
  the uk and europe really need to pull their heads out of their arses . 
  medieval : total war lied to me , horses are supposed to be scared of camels . 
  these liberal tears are hilarious , apparently voting ukip makes me a fascist , racist , homophobic , bigoted , uneducated cunt who should be killed . 
  remember , it 's ukip who are the fascists guys . 
  yummy liberal tears , 
  queenofserene 17th and she does n't even make videos anymore , just shows how much people loved her videos . 
  damn if only i was aware of the special white man handshake that gets you jobs , fame and fortune , maybe i would n't be an unemployed white man of 7 years . 
   `` where 's the finish line ? '', 
   `` all the way at the end '', 
  well i 'm glad that was cleared up . 
  scotland has golden eagles , sea eagles , red deer stag , polecat , wildcat , otters and killer whales . 
  and fucking badgers , get fucked xxx360badger360nosccopexxx, 
  does darwins law exist for lions ? 
  i wonder if anyone has ever gotten their head stuck inside an anus or vag , like reverse pregnancy . 
  end of an era ;, 
  portugal, 
  spain, 
  italy, 
  none of them even came close to performing . 
  the perception that brazil is invincible was shattered utterly . 
  suarez forever being seen as an animal, 
  underdogs coming close , iran vs argentina , australia vs netherlands , algeria vs argentina , costa rica vs germany . 
  sepp blattar is still a cunt, 
   i 'm convinced that the external factors surrounding the writing of the first two arcs were what made them poorly put together . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  i did n't know there was a reason for the drop off in quality . 
  bit too quiet , i had youtube volume maxed and my headphones maxed and could only just hear . 
  sounded good too , 
  there 's a correlation between people who abuse drink and drugs and poverty . 
  so basically you are making addiction an even bigger problem . 
  how about we treat people with addiction like we would anyone with a severe illness instead of treating them like garbage that needs to be swept away and forgotten about . 
  the uk has a serious problem with alcohol and it 's down to people normalising binge drinking and thinking it 's perfectly fine to get smashed every day of the weekend or 2 pints after work , 5 days a week is totally fine . 
  this is coming from someone with a history of alcohol & drug abuse in my family . 
  charging people for being disorderly is fine , but if you do n't follow it up with help for their addiction then you 're just pissing in the wind . 
  i wonder if that 's why he held his arm a lot late in life , i 've always believed it was because of his drug and alcohol problems . 
  [ i know right , he must get quit sad getting stereotyped all the time ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ugnqmne.jpg ), 
  it 's like gareth from the office phoned in haha . 
  but how can we be whores if our mouths are n't real ? 
  i thought i was n't registered since this is the first time i 've voted since the 2007 scottish parliament election , got my poll card in the post last week fortunately . 
  also remember to check out your local library , they can help you print off the relevant info if you are n't yet registered . 
  the clone wars series still is n't up , but it is on the us netflix , us/uk both get it on the disney channel , so why the fuck is it not on the uk netflix ? 
  has disney sold the rights to another channel in the uk other than the disney channel ? 
  did alistair darling really try and score points on the nhs when his government and the the current worked towards privatising it , hahahahahaha my sides . 
  if you 're gon na make a a capital ship game the ships should move as fast as a 1st rate ship on sea imo . 
  gun batteries should be high damage , high reload , able to be destroyed and no auto aim . 
  having a huge ships that fires so quickly and dies so quickly , well why not just have interceptors ? 
  star conflict did a decent job at arcade capital ship fighting with a lot of maneuvering involved to get your shots off . 
  phoned , i 'm good . 
  for the love of god do not read the front page of the mail online . 
  apparently we 're all racist , violent thugs who hate the queen and hate the english . 
  so what you 're telling me is that archimedes had a railgun before anyone ? 
  cool . 
  it looks like the sword gypsy danger pulls out . 
  i 'm almost 100 turns into my egypt campaign and i 've not even seen mention of her at all , disappointing . 
  i 'd really like to see ca patch in some cool events that work towards or against the civil war factions . 
  farage using anti-scottish sentiment to win votes , pathetic . 
  the oil exists and provides scotland with more wealth per head than in england , deal with it . 
  this is exactly as i feared , this will get kicked into the long grass till after the ge and farage will capitalise by telling england he wants to make england more powerful by making scotland weaker . 
  today has killed my interest in the uk , i want out . 
  obviously i 'll still keep my eye on what happens next , but anything that does happen will just pale in comparison to the opportunity that scotland just pissed down the drain . 
  i feel so fucking dejected right now , im part of the 45 % and i have nothing to reach for . 
  snp , labour can get to fuck . 
  do it man , do n't let them keep you down , labour wants you to be apathetic , they want you to think it 's over . 
  it is not over and as alex salmond said `` hold their feet to the fire '' . 
  egypt is incredibly versatile , they have hastati like infantry that double as pikemen , phalanx units , skirmisher cav , melee cav , heavy sword infantry , light sword infantry , elephants , chariots and peltasts , archers and javelins . 
  also camels , 
  so how does a 70 year old understand the needs of a 16 year old ? 
  vice versa , life experience does n't start at some arbitrary number , by the time i was 17 i had experienced the death of a love one through drug abuse , poverty and lived for 3 years with a lifelong illness that meant using the nhs more than most by the time they die . 
  16 year olds should be allowed to vote and schools should invest more in political debate and objective thinking well before the age of 16 . 
  i 'm 25 fyi . 
  looks like a fun popcorn movie , but after watching the edge of tomorrow i 'm kinda done with cliche forced romances . 
  and yeah i 'm aware the romance is implied at some point after the movie ends , but they do n't force it into the movie at the expense of the plot . 
  i think if they were going to implement most of this stuff , they would have in the emperor edition , i think we might get 1 more big update , patch 16 , then i think they be focusing on attila . 
  could be wrong though . 
  he 's basically a poor mans george galloway . 
  a cunt . 
  considering how wooden she is , i think she would be perfect to play a synthetic body . 
  i 'd say so , i was going to cancel my sub , but then i found out that you can bypass the region lock and suddenly netflix was like christmas morning as a 10 year old . 
  i ca n't remember the last time celtic were this bad for so long . 
  i hope they get their shit together . 
  does n't he have an eye problem ? 
  colour blind perhaps ? 
  pretty sure his gammy eye is for a reason , not sure though . 
  we ca n't possibly know that , what i can say is that n : tw and fots performed better than the original game did , particularly n : tw . 
  i 'm getting 2 fillings soonish and its # 52 for both , if that 's helpful . 
  labour have been cosing up to the cons for far too long and it 's biting them in the arse . 
  how many times have we heard lamont say that osbournes economic helter skelter has no effect on scotland 's budget or wales , england or northern irelands for that matter . 
  yep , same provinces in my russia game , except its castillian brazil or something . 
  hellion , blue flame , battle hellion for an ultimate , maybe you choose between blue flame and mines , speed upgrades , armor plating , ect . 
  robertson , no contest , bunch of clubs will be looking at him after tonight . 
  i thought it was a reference to the cat in withnail and i.
