  seems like there is n't even a consensus if it 's dice/nvidia/amd 's fault . 
  having to use old drivers so bf1 does n't crash is annoying as hell . 
  in the uk indian/chinese fried chicken  kfc all day . 
  plain kebab meat + chips + irn bru + cookie dough ice cream, 
  5 * promo, 
  seeing a lot of people saying the snek is going to win , i hope they 're wrong . 
  i feel like seth winning could get him back on track , he 's been disappointing since his return . 
  at least boo or something , fucking crowd . 
  '' history is always written by the winners '', 
  are vertical air coolers better than horizontal ? 
  or is it just a choice based on space mostly ? 
  tw : wh : karl franz must write a disertation on the prussian school of economics and come to a conclussion on wether it is a credible source for modern day economics . 
  dow 2 : gabrial angelos must multiply 6 and 10 together and come up with the correct number ... in 60 seconds . 
  this game is just frustrating to watch . 
  why the fuck are you rushing . 
  holy shit . 
  i 've never been a big fan of bray wyatt and i 'm still not but i think he 's a hard worker and probably deserves a championship run . 
  yes , you 'll get it even if you are n't subbed . 
  i got the blizzcon rewards even though i was n't subbed . 
  he suffered a bruised kidney , dislocated shoulder , lacerations , tooth went straight through his nose so it was visibile , serious concussion that helped to end his career and dislocated jaw . 
  maybe breaking his back would have been the better alternative . 
  how diverse is the bret unit roster on the table top ? 
  seems like they are n't going to have a paricularly large one . 
  '' ... i was absolutely blown away by the results . '', 
  okay i laughed , just a little bit . 
  wait , can you clarify what you mean by that , are you suggesting anyone who posts on kia and also hates trump and many of his supporters are virture signalling , that there is no other reason they would have to hate trump ? 
  i 'm out of the loop , what progression system ? 
  nia looks so strong , really good work from her . 
  can of coke for the osw boys, 
  i feel a strange sense of shame and curiosity . 
  let 's see how this turns out ... 
   being well informed is ` preparing ', 
  i 'd love a vampire wars stand alone dlc focused on empire vs vc , culminating in the battle of hel fenn potentially . 
  have the last couple of weeks given you cause to consider taking a short course in ` x ' subject to give you a better understanding ? 
  maybe it 's a time issue and it 's something you would do down the road when nathan is older ? 
  i love the smell of whataboutism in the morning . 
   and lol at the people who call the son of a persian immigrant a white supremacist . 
  clearly that word means jack shit if it can be applied to people who are n't even white . 
  do you have any opinions of your own or do you just enjoy parroting what you 've already heard people say . 
  how many teams miss chances like that when they 're the underdogs and go on to win ? 
  hopefully i 'm wrong . 
  is hbk sleeping or did he forget his glasses ? 
  i thought he was gon na say benoit , i think i just had a stroke help . 
  i 'm helping , 
  i 've been saying since december that the league was gone for us ( 2nd ) and that we needed to focus on rebuilding to team . 
  so far i 'm not happy with the amount of foreign players being brought in , the recent edinburgh derby we only had 2 or 3 players who probably knew it existed , hibs whole team would being looking forward to it . 
  i said back in december that he should be given the rest of the season/summer to rebuild , but after that all bets are off . 
  this match is fucking awesome . 
  mojo just won a match at wrestlemania . 
  the crowd is fucking dead, 
  that was really pretty terrible . 
  make the shartshooter great again, 
  uh okay . 
  the pacing of this match is so strange . 
  theres no way taker is walking back up that ramp , right ? 
  could you imagine if roman came out with takers coat and hat on tomorrow , holeee shit the heat . 
  the wwe should have realised this and gone ahead with cena vs taker . 
  you need someone with real experience who can carry taker through the match nice and easy . 
  no hate toward roman , he was put in a difficult position and i feel bad for him to be honest because the hate he will get now is going to be underserved imo . 
  poor neville and sami :(, 
  yeah i 'm with you . 
  i like him as the kind of mob boss of bullet club , but as a single he 's just not interesting to me . 
  good start, 
  instantly thought of this . 
  i will never not upvote this . 
  i have no idea of the origins , but trump popularised it when he would make retarded claims then end his sentence by saying . 
  '' ... which is big ... if true . '', 
  i need the gif police , a great crime has just happened . 
  please hurry . 
  the fact reiner was the armoured titan was spoiled for me back in season 1 , but they did such a good job of misdirection that i honestly thought he was n't going into episode 6 . 
  i was convinced that ervin was the collosal until episode 6 tbh . 
  the collosal titan shows up so infrequently that i never clued that bertholdt was the collosal . 
  what a ride . 
  as a non-manga reader i 'm starting get the impression that it 's just as much human vs titans as it is titans vs titans . 
  like maybe that is the big secret of the clergy . 
  they formed an alliance with a splinter group of titans , the shifters get to live ` normal ' lives and humanity gets defenders against the titan threat . 
  i think annie is the most important character in the show as of now . 
  i 'm probably wrong as always with this show - . -, 
   with the damage being on the passenger side , it 's totally safe to drive, 
  i hope i never have the misfortune of driving near you . 
  i never thought a breezango match would be better than a nakamura match , but here we are . 
  i never realised salisbury plain had that much land . 
  you have no idea how helpful this is to me , thanks !, 
   stealth is still an incredibly strong and unfair advantage, 
  it 's not an unfair advatage , you need to draft for it and adapt your zagara playstyle . 
   ... forces you to play back further and more cautiously than you 'd like, 
  now you 're getting the hang of it, 
   i 'm simply countered by valeera . 
  my creep wo n't reveal her coming to gank me , so i just have to not push merely because of the unknown . 
  this is just venting . 
   valeera in qm as murky, 
  oh so you do n't do hl ? 
  so your opinion is rooted in a flawed matchmaking system , hmm . 
   scouting drone should be pickable at level 1 for every hero, 
  just finisher after finisher . 
  it might be entertaining but it 's so fucking lazy . 
  tim farron looks like an 8 year old who washed his face with the holy water in a church and every second of his existence since then has been wondering if today is the day the police come for him . 
  fucking dancer , holy shit !, 
  genji is completely shutting down so much of li-mings damage with deflect . 
  i loved the feeling of isolation and the atmosphere of m : ll , little worried that could be gone with the open world .
