  i 'm actually shocked how well it plays . 
  edit : okay so apparently steam shows your fps ( who knew ) . 
  i 'm getting between 56 and 60 fps during normal gaming and it 's dipping to as low as 45 during in-game cut scenes . 
  i was in the temple area which i believe has quite a bit of tessellation and it performed brilliantly . 
  edit : turning off vsync saw me getting up to 66 fps . 
  however in cut scenes i would get up to 130 fps and then dipping down to as low as 40 at the camp , i think lighting or fire is playing part . 
  and anotha one, 
  see above . 
  also : http://steamcommunity.com/app/391220/discussions/0/451852225133974177/, 
  new driver incoming soon apparently, 
  how does oob work with air and naval units , does the number of stars the general has effect the chain of command regarding air and naval or does it just increase the number of squadrons they can have per wing ( ? ) . 
  i keep finding my air units out of supply even if they are near to their hq . 
  should air units have their own hq ? 
  thanks man , seems odd that the game would n't make this perfectly clear when it 's such a massive boost to air efficiency . 
  when i was 8 i had a nightmare that wolf chased me down an alleyway that came to a dead end , was scary shit . 
  are there any maps that did n't quite meet the teams expectations , positive outcomes and negative . 
  i completely disagree , 2 dog units can completely tie up 4 units of ai cav . 
  they 're just really good at getting in the way of advancing units which can allow more time for optimal ranged fire . 
  not a single mirror survived . 
  rip, 
  so i can think of some stuff that would be beneficial to you . 
  more cross promotion , and not just between the people you know . 
  you saw how well your stream did when you were speaking with reckful . 
  dark souls 3 is coming out , so really you should be playing ds2 for a few days before ds3 's release . 
  the improves your ` brand ' awareness . 
  people are thirsty as fuck for souls content and people are going to be watching ds2/1/ds / bb streams before the game comes out . 
  by streaming a souls game before the big release you increase the likelihood that people will watch your stream/sub over others for ds3 . 
  why not try speed runs or the dlc for ds2 , why not do a stream with one of the big guys from the twitch souls community , this benefits all parties involved . 
  ds2 has 21k viewers as i 'm typing this . 
  come up with a schedule for yt , come up with 2-3 series of videos , if you do n't experiment you 'll never know what people want . 
  totalbiscuit has cancelled numerous yt series ' because they did n't work , but often it would lead to the creation of a better version of that series . 
  do n't be afraid to try games that you think would n't do well , a ufc game has 29k viewers as i 'm typing this . 
  just stay away from grand strategy and turn based strategy because those genres tend to be boring as fuck to watch . 
  so that 's all i really have . 
  good luck . 
  then comes back as robocop to save sting from being attacked by brey wyatt, 
  the combat in m2 was pretty bad though , you could have 100 soldiers engage another 100 soldiers and only 15 of them would actually fight while the rest just stood about watching . 
  you realise how arbitrary scoring is right ? 
  if you took 10 reviewers and asked them what constitutes a 5/10 they 'd give you 10 different answers . 
  better to just do a summary at the end of the review . 
  what the fuck is a ` yoon ' ? 
  if the whole president thing does n't pan out i 'm sure trump could go back to playing guitar in clubs . 
  when does heyman go in the hof , holy shit . 
  those kicks were really cool, 
  cmon paige , take the bump, 
  jericho is gassed, 
  i feel like jericho and styles should have had a moment outside so that jericho could catch his breath . 
  any other time of the year and i would be cringing ... but it 's wrestlemania so fuck it . 
  new day rocks, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
  ca n't believe this shit . 
  i kinda want reigns to win at this point just to top off the night, 
  seriously what the fuck is wwe thinking ? 
  it 's that time of the year again when people who subbed to the network unsub until april 1st for takeover when they do it all over again . 
  calling it now , rock and cena beat up the wyatts , killing their credibility even more and vince smiles thinking he 's done a great job . 
  called it, 
  i 'm seriously bored of the dudleyz at this point , it was fun when they came back , but like jericho they feel like they 've outstayed their welcome . 
  this deal keeps getting worse, 
  charlotte looks pissed off, 
  oh fuck i forgot about this match , i 'm going to bed . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  which means it will never happen . 
  since installing 16.4.1 i 've been crashing on shogun 2 . 
  had to restart and when i booted onto the w10 login page i had an artifact on the page , as soon as i logged in it disappeared . 
  game crashed when i fought the first halberd guy in the first proper area after the starting zone , game fine up to that point . 
  edit : turning lighting down to low seems to have fixed it, 
  edit 2 : okay i crashed around the [ spoiler  ( / s `` dragon '' ) and then my monitor got a ` no signal ' message and would n't come back on until i restarted my pc . 
  edit 3 : game consistently crashes at the [ spoiler  ( / s `` dragon , but only when he breathes fire when approaching from behind from where the baldur knight is '' ), 
  it does . 
  echoing this , i never had problems with crashing until the area with the [ spoiler  ( / s `` dragon '' ) which is past the first boss . 
  i ca n't progress any further till they patch : /, 
   there 's functionally no difference between a spoiler warning and a trigger warning, 
  one of them is optional and is on the individual , the other censors speech for the majority . 
  if you want to sit in safe space were no one will ever ` trigger ' you then do so , but do n't expect to be able to force everyone to censor their education for your benefit . 
  ` trigger ' warnings and ` safe spaces ' in a public , non-political or an educational facility are fucking retarded . 
  works fine for me . 
  how do you know it 's the 360 pad ? 
  this happened to me while playing dark souls 3 using 16.3 . 
  has there been any word from amd regarding ds3 issues ? 
  i had to progress past the area it was happening ( the dragon ) for it to stop , have n't had a single crash or ` no display ' since , although my frame rate is fluctuating between 42-60 . 
  it 's the baggage that comes with it that people hate . 
  i miss the claws that let you fashion souls as wolverine :(, 
  if brettonia was playable on the campaign i 'd pick them . 
   the radeon settings option may sometimes disappear as a shortcut from the right-click context menu on desktop after a software upgrade . 
  nice , pretty annoying bug . 
  they sure are pushing camp wwe , holy shit . 
  can i watch the match please ? 
  hopefully just knocked out , fuck . 
  rest of the ppv does n't really mean much at this point , really hope enzo is okay . 
  that looked brutal . 
  they literally showed the cena nose break like 50 times . 
  this is a fucking fantastic piece of mic work by steph , love her or hate her . 
  this is the worst fucking timeline, 
  i mean if they are setting up an authority backed reigns vs a shane backed rollins , it might work ... maybe ... 
  that was actually a nice spot by reigns . 
  those same people also post here and are fucking insufferable to the point where i unsubbed . 
  why should she be held to account for policies she has no influence in changing ? 
  nicola sturgeon is the fm of scotland , she is accountable for her policy decisions because she 's the one that decides them , ruth does n't decide the tories policy . 
   and yoons generally like to duck out of a debate rather than addressing the point . 
  this is every politician ever , your bias is seriously showing .
