  5 ringed + keep fortress in m1 , i 've never seen a city undergo so much devastation and be the cause of so many deaths . 
  it 's something i miss about medieval 1 , you could have half a stack defending a fortress from a massive force and survive simply because the attrition rate is so high from all the defenses + missiles from my troops . 
  it 's fucking glorious to watch , like helms deep . 
  jesus i miss m1 :(, 
  hi relic , how do feel about homeworld being taken away from you ? 
  a lot of people including myself are disheartened that it 's now in the hands of such a shady company like gearbox . 
  i pre ordered coh 2 today , loved the original and homeworld 2 is one of my favourite games of all time , certainly my favourite space game . 
  thanks !, 
  space marine was game of the year for me , i really loved it , you absolutely nailed the feeling of being in a giant suit of armour . 
  i do n't mean they 're not fun to play . 
  they start at a disadvantage and are really under the gun to tech asap before the french juggernaut comes and wrecks you , which makes them the most fun faction to play as imo . 
  you really struggle as russia against anyone that is n't the ottomans or spain early game , which makes them the most fun to play imo . 
  it 's a nice challenge . 
  suddenly a wild peter weller appears . 
  am i reading that right , you added 1.5 million people to your country ? 
  the nhs is n't a charity , if they ca n't afford your specific drug , you do n't get it . 
  if they can , and your a specific case , it can take years . 
  good if you do n't have a long-term illness , fucking shit if you do . 
  the us block on certain healthcare for the patient is $ $, 
  the uk block on certain healthcare for the nhs is # #, 
  if you go through life with the usual illnesses in the uk , you probably wo n't notice anything , but if you do n't and you get some kind of unusual cancer , bone , skin or some other type of unusual illness then chances are your fucked from receiving any treatment which is considered ` risky ' , because it 's often new and ergo expensive . 
  i have a soft spot for steppe cav , the the return of the king gave me inspiration for 20 unit steppe cav armies that swept west on conquest . 
  well there is the charge that took place in the battle of vienna . 
  after twelve hours of fighting , the poles held the high ground on the right . 
  on the flanks , it is recorded that out of the forest the polish cavalry slowly emerged and received a cheer from the onlooking infantry who had been anticipating their arrival . 
  the holy league cavalry waited on the hills , and watched the infantry battle for the whole day . 
  at about 17h , the polish king ordered the cavalry attack in four groups , one of the holy roman empire and three polish . 
  twenty thousand horsemen charged down the hills ( the largest cavalry charge in history ) . 
  [ citation needed ] jan iii sobieski led the charge at the head of 3,000 polish heavy lancers , the famed `` winged hussars '' . 
  the lipka tatars who fought on the polish side wore a sprig of straw in their helmets to distinguish themselves from the tatars fighting on the ottoman side . 
  the charge broke the lines of the ottomans , who were tired from the long fight on two sides . 
  in the confusion , the cavalry headed straight for the ottoman camps , while the remaining vienna garrison sallied out of its defenses and joined in the assault . 
  the ottoman troops were tired and dispirited following the failure of both the sapping attempt and the brute force assault on the city . 
  the arrival of the cavalry turned the tide of battle against them , sending them into retreat to the south and east . 
  in less than three hours after the cavalry attack , the christian forces had won the battle and saved vienna . '', 
  sound familiar ? 
  one of the easiest ways to make prestige later on is to support the side mostly likely to force a peace out during a crisis . 
  i 've gotten up to 100 prestige from doing that that . 
  do n't you think it 's a little hypocritical to attack her classism , but to then turn around and deal out classism yourself ? 
  ( fuck you auto correct classism is a word ), 
  it 's pretty much implied , just because of the words she uses you are assuming she is ` posh ' , which would be negative in your eyes . 
  if she said `` sarah , come back here . 
  '' , you probably would n't think she was a bitch . 
  anyone who does competent , entertaining n : tw team battles has my support , 
  they make fantastic games , they also make incredibly buggy games at times . 
  i 'm playing vicky 2 a lot right now in prep for eu4 coming out . 
  stop getting hyped over video games, 
  seriously just wait till it comes out , if it 's a turd then do n't buy it , if it is n't then great . 
  iceni , i like the idea of having to face the roman behemoth with a ragtag group of britons . 
  also they start with access to slingers which is awesome . 
  i 'd quite like to see a male counterpart for bond , like the old films with the female sidekick . 
  playing this in 30 degree heat in the uk , bad fucking idea , but seriously fuck this heat wave . 
  why must m2 be so unoptimized :(, 
  there 's a bridge nearby you could use to pull the first army towards you . 
  i 'm assuming this is vanilla with the broken barbarian generals . 
  a racoon to a cat is like a male lion to a cheetah , it would fucking destroy all 3 of them . 
  i just got a 7770 , going to be replacing my x4 athlon 630 with a 965 phenomx4 . 
  i already have 8gig of ram , so hopefully i 'm good to go . 
  i 'm happy it 's healthy and nothing went wrong , but ... 
  i feel shitty with the way the bbc prioritized this over the attack on our freedom to have a wank , without first checking with bt that i 'm okay to do so . 
  and how much of that will by siphoned off by corruption ? 
  those borders are sexy , i wish i could finally win as serbia - . -, 
  physical , it would take me almost 2 days to download 35 gig on my shitty 600 kb/s internet . 
  yeah , if you have a slow as fuck connection speed you may want to buy the physical copy or wait to see if pre-downloading is an option . 
  the only way to annex a country fully through war is to have taken control of all their provinces , then the ` full annexation ' option will stop being greyed out . 
  edit : okay so i saw the screenshot , you are being offered a deal , you need to sue for peace yourself , that is if you control everything , no country is going to accept ceasing to exist , with them as the ones presenting the offer . 
  eh , i do n't think a self proclaimed ` fan boy ' is perhaps the best source on info for a new player tbh . 
  might want a more objective opinion . 
  scotland annexes berwick and the isle of man then peaces out . 
  rightful clay . 
  what exactly is ` locking knees ' ? 
  i 'll name them where they came from , then add a number for the order they were created . 
  then when the general of that army dies , provided he was successful enough , i 'll rename that legion to his name . 
  like 1st legion of pompeii , 12th legion of augustus or 16th sword brothers of boudicca . 
  i love the aesthetic of the barbarian settlements . 
  the britons probably had better metalworkers at the time than the romans did , all the celtic peoples were skilled blacksmiths . 
  it 's just that many people could n't afford to have a sword commissioned for them , or buy one already made , which is why most people used a spear . 
  at the start of rome 2 the entry to the army was still based on land ownership . 
  that meant the poor could not join the army and so you have the idea that the romans were somehow better than the gauls and celtic peoples . 
  really though it was just that rome was more advanced in terms of having a unified ` country ' if you like , the gauls and celtics were still ` tribal ' peoples , even if they had a leader like boudicca or vercingetorix . 
  they could take control of the various tribes armies , but they would not come together in a unified ` country ' , so the mixing of ideas and the advancement of a nation state society was stifled . 
  in rome however we have what is the early modern country , with centralized trade and learning . 
  bit of a tangent , sorry . 
  source ;, 
  i do n't think it has to do with the technology , i think it has to do with classical archer + fire boats vs cannon . 
  think about how the empire/ntw naval combat would be if you swapped the cannons with archers , it would be boring as hell . 
  now , i know that fots had what some consider to be ` arcadey ' combat , but i personally love how destructive it was and showed how wooden ships of the line were at an end in a particularly explosive manner . 
  naval combat with archers is always going to be pretty boring and i think it had a lot to with the fact that you are limited with what you can do , with what are essentially land units on ships , compared to if you actually had a battle on land with the same units . 
  the same things you loved about the naval combat in e/nw : tw are the things that make s2 naval combat boring , because you ca n't do any cool stuff like raking a ship or using grapeshot or chain shot to strategically halt a larger more powerful ship . 
  character , your character , rpg , talents , your character , super cool weapons ( standard par for the course mms weapons ) , your character , persistent world , your character . 
  did i mention how you have a character ? 
  and you can improve your character with talents point holy shit afsdfsdf . 
  this is borderlands with marketing in full motion to make it seem like more than it is . 
  pandering heavily to people who will throw money at the next big thing , like halo , cod or bl2 . 
  nothing against bungie , but they 're trying to pass of one of the most common genre 's there is as something revolutionary and because it has space and exploration people are eating it up . 
  people are already calling this the mesiah . 
  it 's unfortunate . 
  i hope the finished product is a bit more imaginative . 
  this is just ... what . 
  this is like making a movie about 9/11 and having jason statham running to the top of tower 1 before the plane hits because at the top is a device which deactivates something else that will kill him , before parachuting off the top moments before hundreds of people are cremated inside , then as the burning carcases of the workers falls from the building , stathams parachute opens revealing the union jack .
