remember , polls were wrong on brexit and trump . 
  i hope this is n't going turn into another disaster . 
  britain needs to be treated as a dictatorship and cordoned off , like north korea . 
  i knew it , i knew you were one of them from the beginning lol, 
  can we replace the spot left vacant by the country who shall not be named and put mexico in its place ? 
  you ca n't vote to reject one of the biggest economic bloc in the world and be offended when countries of that bloc view that as a hostile act . 
  go and look at the reaction of the european media to brexit , you wo n't find much sympathy , it 's a bit of exasperation but mostly indifference . 
  at the end of the day no one really care that much because it 's britain 's problem , and that 's britain who will be hurt the most by the consequences of brexit . 
  you 're not a victim , brexit is exactly what you wanted . 
  so have at it . 
  basically they want the opposite of what they have voted for ? 
  and the french oversea territories . 
  31 mars ? 
  excellente initiative . 
  according to the picture they reached milton keynes , not surprised they decided not to go further . 
  and they call the coconut `` the potato of the sky '' . 
  does n't look like a pine , does n't look like an apple . 
  socialized health care works well if you treat it seriously and are willing to fund it , two things the british government does n't do : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/nhs-cuts-excess-deaths-30000-study-research-royal-society-medicine-london-school-hygiene-martin-a7585001.html, 
  england kills more people with the nhs each year than the russians do with live ammo . 
  probable that most nations would n't want to be next to england . 
  i live there for five years , in the esquirol neighbourhood . 
  the night life is excellent . 
  people in scotland realise brexit is going to be a catastrophe for britain in general but foremost for the poorest regions of britain . 
  even in the case of an independent scotland it 's unlikely that all trade between the nation of the uk will stop . 
  as you underlined one of the key factor is identity - most scots identify as scots first and british second - and the political aspect : they feel they are not effectively represented in the british government , specially since there have been many laws and decisions imposed in scotland by westminster despite a strong opposition by the locals . 
  not sure , 
  how so ? 
  the indy is very left-wing biased and often goes for easy headlines , ok . 
  but as far as reporting the news properly they are doing a fine job . 
  the dm is extremely disingenuous , the headlines they produce are made to stir outrage , racism and xenophobia . 
  people exposed to this should be warned : it 's mostly lies , half truths and manufactured news , there 's no value in it and it is dangerous . 
  yes , i had this conversation with a mod yesterday . 
  they banned the daily mail , the sun and the daily express , which i find an excellent initiative . 
  i argued that the telegraph is also a pile of trash and should be removed for this sub but they disagree because it 's a broadsheet . 
  not a majority of scots , the last analysis of the poll shows that it 's the vote of the english living in scotland that made the no vote win . 
  sorry , r/europe does n't let me link the dm , but just google `` nazi-saluting thugs mar no-vote victory celebrations in glasgow '' for the article . 
  that 's true , english skinheads with saint george 's cross flags , they went on a rampage . 
  you can find videos on yt of them attacking a young woman , kicking her while she was laying on the ground just because she had a st andrews flag . 
  yeah , precisely that . 
  we do n't look down on anyone . 
  you know that after the brexit vote racist , homophobic and xenophobic attacks multiplied across england , it was all over the news . 
  this increase was not observed in scotland , just in england . 
  if you hate scotland that much just let it go . 
  i do n't understand , english people keep saying that scotland is a drag on their economy , and that it is not a worthy political partner . 
  my advice : if it such a burden just get rid of it !, 
  it 's a win-win situation . 
  staying within the uk is not a win . 
  an independent scotland would not have to deal with this self inflicted wound that is brexit . 
  and one of the central clause of the 2014 referendum was that a remain result could be challenged in case of major shift in british politics , like a british exit from the european union . 
  there have been articles last week that theresa may will renege on that agreement and block a new referendum . 
  this is completely unethical , but not surprising coming from this tory government . 
  i you feel the british government has your best interests at heart then good for you . 
  scotland has already said it wanted to stay though , but westminster decided not to listen - again . 
  i 'm not sure you have any of those . 
  state of the nhs : [ woman dies after 35 hours on hospital trolley amid warnings of nhs ` meltdown ' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/01/nhs-crisis-fears-winter-vomiting-bug-cases-45-per-cent/ ) state of police : [ do n't investigate thefts , assaults or hit-and-runs , police told ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/11788142/dont-investigate-thefts-assaults-or-hit-and-runs-police-told.html ) social security : [ thousands have died after being found fit for work , dwp figures show ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/aug/27/thousands-died-after-fit-for-work-assessment-dwp-figures ) [ benefit sanctions lead claimants to suicide , crime and destitution , warns damning report ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/benefit-sanctions-lead-claimants-to-self-harm-crime-and-destitution-warns-damning-report-a7047211.html ), 
  well , under labour there was a nhs and other public services like police and social security . 
  it 's the tories who have been intentionally reduced that to rubble and created a deep social divide that did n't exist since the thatcher years . 
  well , i 'm going to take the words of the guardian 's reporter over yours . 
  the uk wo n't be a first tier player for long . 
  after 10 years of tory government there are visible cracks in the britain , brexit is going to make everything collapse in a matter of years . 
   as theresa may 's attempts to position herself as a bridge with the new us president were roundly rejected at a summit in malta . 
  did n't read the article , did you ? 
  seems like everyone wants to leave the uk , 
  in the 1960 's ? 
  it is a geographical term , ireland is one of the british isles https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles, 
  definitely , the possibility of a second referendum for scottish independence was raised since the brexit vote . 
  the question is when . 
  the scottish first minister said not be this year , it will probably happen before the british general elections of 2020 . 
  beno\u00eet poelvoorde , magritte , arno/tc matic , annie cordy , plastic bertrand , stromae , the dardenne brothers ... 
   scots are big on the occasional recreational stabbing . 
  not entirely true , glasgow was the european murder capital in 2003 , but since the renewable stabbing industry has taken much of the market of saturday night fun . 
  in germany you need a special permit to have fun and the quota for 2017 was already given away . 
  reminds me of paris on the 15th of august . 
  the city is so quiet then it does n't feel like paris anymore . 
  so all of these individual laws are going to be voted on by parliament ? 
  no , the great repeal is a blank cheque to the government . 
  as far as it ever was from a normal democratic process . 
  not enough space on the evacuation boats . 
  what are you saying ? 
  the british government great repeal will have thousands of law bypassing parliament , literally passed without approval or inspection . 
  it was all over the news not a week ago . 
  she does n't respect british citizens , the tory party has a long record of repression and punishment against people , specially the most vulnerable like the poor and the disabled . 
  she is in a government who has always been harsh on public services while benefiting the rich and powerful . 
  she is the embodiment of hypocrisy and cynicism . 
  my grandfather told stories of french soldiers who were trying to escape dunkirk deliberately drowned by the british . 
  yeah while you still have an ounce of influence you may as well use it and abuse it . 
  the uk is about to lose all relevance on the international scene in a few years , you are going to need friends yet you try to find new ways to make enemies . 
  you 'll be at the receiving end soon lol . 
  he 's taking the pis . 
  it 's as if the summer lasted a couple of months instead of the usual couple of days . 
  you can serve cats * to * cats . 
  point is defending a position with 9 men is very different from defending a position with 9 men *** plus artillery *** that 's why your example is not relevant , 
  we call it `` le bastille jour . '', 
  does n't count , the french had artillery coverage , 
  idk , nothing really compares to cameron , i do n't know how many times in history people fought with those odds ( 62 vs 3000 at the beginning of the siege ) but it certainly did not happen often . 
   megathreads are horrible and kill most of the discussion . 
  it works pretty well in other subs , r/photoshopbattles for instance is one contest per thread , and also r/glasgow had a daily thread that is a reserved space for casual conversation . 
  it does n't have to be everyday in r/europe but you will agree with me that if the users come with these series on a consistent basis there 's certainly a need to accommodate a space of expression that would allow them to share aspects of their country they feel are interesting . 
  well then there 's an obvious solution , you just put up a sticky everyday ( or every other day ) with a different theme each time and the users will have a space to express themselves and it will not spill all over the sub . 
  no , it 's bank holidays in france , most people are off work .
