that ai n't so bad after all . 
  due to the recession in the early nineties we already produce 33 % less co2 than in the 1990 . 
  if only we got more than 7.5 mld pln to upgrade out infrastructure . 
  it 's a drop in the ocean . 
  zus is funded by debt , there 's absolutely no way to keep it functioning in the long term . 
  we had an opportunity to get it sorted during the 90 's but we did nothing . 
  right now everything we can do will be a terrible decision , but i think that keeping zus as it is would be the worst choice . 
  korwin 's stance on this is very blunt , as is his stance on everything . 
  it may be a right stance to take , though . 
   knp  big choose one . 
  is n't he right about the european youth being exploited ? 
  many of my friends are working for free just to get experience . 
  is that a proper way to treat inexperienced workers ? 
  is n't that modern slavery ? 
  i get that his choice of words was poor at best but it does n't mean that we should ignore the meaning of his speech . 
   first jokes about president kaczy\u0144ski death appeared the same week . 
  `` zimny lech '' ad was brilliant . 
  wow , what a shock !, 
  nobody expected that !, 
  who would have thought that a coalition which has a majority of seats would win the confidence vote ? 
  -  this way to / r/europecirclejerk, 
  all this talk about `` highest earners '' , when there is only a half million of them . 
  mean of their income is about 130k z\u0142 . 
  out of which 85k taxed at 19 % and 45k taxed at 32 % . 
  if we cut income tax to 19 % flat we 'll lose only about 4 billion z\u0142 . 
  it 's 0.5 % of our country 's annual budget . 
  all this talk about rich people in poland is exaggerated . 
  this is a poor country , we need to think about the poor , not about the small amount of `` rich '' people that would be middle class at most according to german standards . 
  still , it would be better to lower vat , as it is known to be a regressive tax . 
  you seem to forget that rich people earn only a small portion of their income from salaries . 
  most of their money comes from financial instruments , which can be taxed at a different rate . 
  linear tax with proper , high tax free threshold would immensely help the poor , as well as the middle class . 
  only 2 % of people earn more than 85k z\u0142 / year . 
  do you honestly think that lowering income taxes would be a way to give rich people a break ? 
  i remember how they talked about 3 times 15 % taxes . 
  do you remember how they campaigned to gather support for ' 4 times yes ' ? 
  this is just a farce . 
  they lie to us all the time and people still vote for them . 
  i remember when this government was about transparency , decency , good law and less bureaucracy . 
  this was during the campaign in 2007 , ofc . 
  7 years have passed and we 're left with a government no better than the one it replaced . 
  it 's just sad . 
  this just shows that they do n't know that was recorded and that they 're scared as hell of what could have been recorded . 
  kwa\u015bniewski ( our ex-president ) lobbied very hard for selling one of the biggest government companies left ( grupa azoty ) to russians . 
  kwa\u015bniewski 's financial manipulations got revealed . 
  tape scandal . 
  this is just a stupid speculation though . 
  even if the russians did this , they are doing us a favor . 
  as for the alternative thing : it seems to me that who comes third in the next parliamentary elections will be much more important than who wins them . 
  let 's face it : po and pis are n't that much different . 
  assuming they will get about 30 % of the votes each , a third party will be required to form a majority . 
  therefore this third party will have a strong influence on our country . 
  i just hope it wo n't be not sld or tw\u00f3j ruch . 
  they nationalised ofe , upped social benefits for parents of handicapped children , hired thousands of bureaucrats . 
  now they are fiddling with government help for the coal mining companies . 
  so called ` junk contracts ' are one of the reasons our economy is still in decent shape and should be left as they are . 
  i still think that no government in the last 10 years did anything even remotely comparable to po after 2007 parliamentary elections . 
  they campaigned as a very liberal party and ended as socialists . 
  at least sld and pis were consistent in their behaviour . 
  it 's anecdotal evidence , but most of the people i know that are willing to vote for po are doing so solely to prevent pis from winning . 
  while getting so much money from eu is certainly a nice thing , one can argue that it 's not an achievement of the ruling party . 
  we would have received that money regardless of which parties are in the government . 
  he 's out , but law introduced during that affair is still in force . 
  what about nationalisation of the ofe money ? 
  it was our money , real money - that was moved into zus , which is almost bankrupt . 
  we will probably never see that money again . 
  imo this borders theft . 
  82\u00a0500\u00a0000 reasons ? 
  elaborate , please . 
  people say shit about this government because it made an u-turn on every policy they promised to implement . 
  do n't you remember how they campaigned in 2006 under a banner of 3 x 15 % ? 
  now we have what , 23 % vat , after they raised it few years ago ? 
  do n't you remember all those corruption scandals ? 
  people have every right to be disgruntled . 
  sikorski is a pompous dick . 
  you know it to be true . 
  he does not hate disabled people . 
  in 2007 he established `` individual learning foundation '' to promote intellectual growth among physically disabled people . 
  as for the women 's right to vote - do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  oh man , he 's far from reasonable . 
  nevertheless , i decided to vote for his party in the upcoming elections . 
  he may say what he wants , it does n't bother me . 
  what 's important is that his party is the only one in poland that has entrepreneurs in mind . 
  it 's the only party that wants to fight against bureaucracy , that wants to lower taxes , deal with zus . 
  that is what really matters to me , not lgbt rights or whatever is trendy right now . 
  they might not be able to to these things from the eu parliament , but media exposure potentially gained from a decent election result will help them in the next polish parliamentary elections . 
  an article bashing korwin-mikke that was written by a journalist from `` gazeta wyborcza '' . 
  no suprise it 's so shitty . 
  they 're on a campaign against him ever since he crossed 5 % support in the polls . 
  that 's one of the worst things they could do with her . 
  she was there for a reason . 
  she defrauded millions of dollars , fathered ( mothered ? ), 
  a terrible gas deal with russia . 
  her presence at maidan and ( probably ) in the next government will do nothing but harm to ukraine . 
  he just did well today . 
  it just means that it has aged well . 
  disgusting , simply disgusting . 
  first there were the `` polish concentration camps '' , now this . 
  soon we are going to arrive at a conclusion that germans were forced to commit holocaust by the vile poles . 
   andorra is to introduce a tax on personal income for the first time as it faces pressure from the its european neighbours to tackle tax evasion .
