  why is it always `` you should tax more '' rather than `` we should tax less '' ? 
   poland  rich lol, 
  oh god , that 's awful . 
  i would n't want to own a house there , wherever it is . 
  bureaucracy , fuck yeah . 
  they really like the idea of central planning , do n't they ? 
   president made a grammar error in some commemorative book . 
  welcome to the club . 
  what do you guys think about taxing compaties based on their turnover ? 
  say we drop the income tax and just take 0.5 % of the turnover . 
  now you know how it is to be right between germany and russia . 
  one of us . 
  wow , that `` one time tax '' is literally a state-sanctioned theft . 
  if anyone wants an example of statism - here it is !, 
  i just want pi\u0142sudski to rise from his grave . 
  he would know what to do . 
  and we have managed all of this while being governed by a bunch of incompetent fools . 
  i can not imagine where we could have been if we had politicians that actually care about our country . 
  whoops , sorry then . 
  i can understand them . 
  after so many years without their own country they 're eager to build some kind of national identity . 
  i 'm just sad that it strains our relations so much . 
  as if anyone listens to the guys in brussels . 
  only merkel , hollande and cameron actually matter . 
  anyone else is just for show . 
  [ polish -- lithuanian -- ruthenian commonwealth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian%e2%80%93ruthenian_commonwealth ), 
  yeah , because every economist agrees with the introduction of the euro . 
  there is a lot of them with different opinion and you ca n't just ignore them . 
   i was making fun . 
  i hope you did too yeah , of course i was . 
   little austerity is needed everywhere . 
  every european country has bureaucrats that are useless and need to be fired . 
  this is the whole purpose of the eu . 
  to corrupt european politicians , while maintaining an image of strong , well-organised germany . 
  people of the neighboring nations will beg to be anschlussed !, 
  this berlusconi guy is like a cockroach . 
  he just keeps getting elected . 
  bon appetit !, 
  i hope we will not follow latvia in this matter . 
  i can see no benefits of the introducion of euro from my viewpoint . 
  i do n't know . 
  only thing that i know for sure is that their tourism suffered a lot . 
  they lost their main advantage : prices . 
  vacations in slovakia became expensive and people started choosing other curort countries , like croatia . 
   plus they 'd be fighting the polish . 
  ummm . . rawr ? 
  i do n't see how adopting the euro would boost our economy . 
  it certainly did n't help slovakia . 
  everything is going according to the plan . 
  haha . 
  decay of a state ( fish ) begins with the government . 
  ( head of the fish ) . 
  did the eu do anything in regard to the hadopi law ? 
  are they going to do anything , other than talk , to secure net neutrality ? 
  eu is no better than any other government and i doubt they will act in our interest . 
  you surely meant `` smole\u0144sk assassination '' . 
  every economy is doing well when there are people and organizations willing to lend you money . 
  polish debt increased by 50 % in the last 5 years . 
  people forget that debt has to be paid back . 
  how long can we feed our barely growing economy with loaned money ? 
  good . 
  more competition is always better . 
  why ca n't the government just stay out of marriage entirely ? 
  extremely corrupt , inefficient , costs awful lot of money every year . 
  almost every hospital is in debt , state funding ends in q2 every year . 
  private healthcare is about as expensive as the public one , but incomparably better . 
  what about the north pole ? 
  but seriously : it 's nice to see that our society slowly changes its views . 
  if it only influenced how they would vote in the elections . . 
  are n't the most of our savings already protected by the government ? 
  there 's a government fund in poland that protects savings up to 100k euro in case a bank falls . 
  it 's not that i think it is communist . 
  it 's just that the rhetorics used there are very similar to the party speeches and i find it quite funny . 
  `` we 'll connect the transport networks across all of the people 's republics , comrades ! '', 
  it makes a valid point that debt-fueled economy is unsustainable . 
  i just do n't know if controlling the states in regard to their debts is a good idea . 
  maybe it would be better to let the leave the monetary union , devalue their currency and reform their economies ? 
  economic powerhouses like germany are n't experiencing financial problems and they are the ones that drive the growth of the eu , so maybe we should n't really be worried , should we ? 
  i also think that financing the banks with taxpayers ' money is n't economically and morally sound . 
  could n't we just let them fall , take the hit , then regulate financial matters properly ? 
  situation that we have here reminds me of trying to restrain and regulate a brain tumor . 
  it will hurt us sooner or later . 
  also , this `` europe 2020 '' plan reminds me so much of the communist 5 year plans that i just ca n't take it seriously . 
  1,4 % of growth is a recession for some . 
  i feel sorry for him . 
  this must have been a great burden to bear . 
  imagine your brother dying , your mother one step in the grave . 
  he did that to spare her the grief and even if this was n't a best thing to do it 's still very kind and humane . 
  i 'm sure we 're consuming it faster than it can renew itself . 
  has anyone ever wonder what will happen to earth when all of the wind is gone ? 
  you 're forgetting that we already have a framework and proper mechanism . 
  this convention is nothing but superfluous . 
  domestic abuse is far less common in poland than in the west , at least according to statistics . 
   what about convention against violence ? 
  duda would not sign that . 
  he believe that domestic violence is polish tradition . 
  so let 's pass a convention against poverty , soon no one will be poor !, 
  it 's a bullshit argument and you know it . 
  there are many ways to help domestic violence victims currently available in our country . 
  there 's no need to sign some silly convention .
