  why so condescending ? 
  there are many individuals who directly benefited from actions of the multiple governments during the last 25 years and balcerowicz is one of them . 
  they form a * system * which is fundamentally parasitic towards the society . 
  is it wrong to call them by their name ? 
  balcerowicz is actively engaged in current presidential campaign , has voiced his support for komorowski multiple times . 
  just look at his facebook page . 
  i think he 's a palikot style decoy , just for economically liberal people . 
  balcerowicz , petru , frasynkiuk , olechowski - same old faces , just a different party name . 
  he disagrees with po a lot when it comes to economy , but he voiced his political support towards it on numerous occasions . 
  he 's a part of the system since 1989 . 
  it 's silly to think that his party is more than a decoy . 
  why would a part of a problem be the solution ? 
  he 's right there with balcerowicz , who supported po on every possible occasion . 
  he 's not an alternative , he 's an escape plan . 
  please take note that western countries are generally more wealthy than eastern countries . 
  this directly influenced the difference in foreign aid . 
  as to immigrants , we 're not that attractive destination for asylum seekers . 
  we 're a poor , cold , distant country with strange language , large unemployment , poor social security net , no sustained benefits for people with many children . 
  why go to poland when you can go to the uk ? 
  i also think that taking any immigrants from africa is against the interest of the ue . 
  we should just return them back to the libyan shores . 
  i 've seen the kind of people that emigrated from poland to uk or norway . 
  it 's no coincidence that our crime rates plummeted around the time borders were opened . 
  westerners have all the right to complain and enforce stricter immigration rules . 
  their country , their rules . 
  last thing we need is a group of immigrants who are impossible to integrate , do n't understand our language , do n't share our values and religion . 
  western european countries fucked africa up and now we 're to share responsibility for their actions ? 
  over my dead body . 
  i can easily accept immigration from ukraine , georgia , or any eastern european country , but africa is not our problem . 
  braun could read the navy seals pasta with a straight face during a debate . 
  i admire him for that . 
  he was one of the few who were released from it by the germans though . 
  `` bad state of health '' was the reason . 
  it 's not like he spent a lot of time there . 
  this has sprung some theories that he was in fact a collaborator . 
  i do n't want to diminish his achievements , but it is worth noting that he was a controversial person , with a largely unknown past . 
  most of what we know about bartoszewski comes from himself , in forms of interviews and biographies . 
  he was also against awarding the order of the white eagle to [ witold pilecki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witold_pilecki ) . 
  his reasoning was unknown , but most of his critics speculate that he wanted all of the auschwitz survivor glory for himself . 
  i think this is a very sensible choice , both militarily and politically . 
  i 'm also glad that italians wo n't get a dime , considering how big of a screw up saipem 's constuction of the lng terminal in \u015awinouj\u015bcie is . 
   long lonk, 
  but uranium can be bought from civilised countries , such as canada . 
  i 'd say there 's nothing more eco-friendly than nuclear power . 
  fukushima daichi was built on a goddamn tectonic fault . 
  not only was it subject to strong earthquakes but a tsunami as well . 
  none of these factors are present in europe . 
  i find this recent nuclear scare completely groundless . 
  nuclear power is the future . 
  it 's undenialable . 
  there is a reason behind this . 
  there really is . 
  this treaty , as correct as its goals are , is incredibly dangerous to our economy . 
  we rely heavily on coal , with no hope of changing that in the next 10 or so years . 
  if we agree , our electricity prices * will * skyrocket . 
  this will take away our chance for growth and , in the long run , our chance to switch to nuclear power . 
  there 's a large chance we may negotiate a favourable agreement with china concerning both funding and construction of our first nuclear power plant . 
  we matter little when it comes to global warming as we pollute less that most eu states , at least * per capita * . 
  yeah , i am . 
  if you think this money is free then i have bad news for you . 
  we spent a shitload of money to harmonise our law and procedures with the eu law . 
  i doubt that we 're breaking even when all things are accounted for . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  it 's just a coincidence that we can only spend it on stuff that eu explicitly agreed upon . 
  besides , 90 % of `` aid '' going back to companies in old eu is just a coincidence . 
  they both behaved really badly . 
  the presenter had an agenda , but gli\u0144ski should have acted differently . 
  this is not the behaviour we expect from a minister of culture . 
  we russia now . 
  hail glorious pis . 
  we need it back . 
  along with the original black boxes . 
  we deserve to know the truth . 
  i do n't trust the russians one bit . 
  i would doubt them even if they outright admitted they shot the plane down . 
  whoops . 
  i dind ' t even notice . 
  i 'll do better next time . 
  i think that 's insane . 
  some judge will probably `` misplace '' his files , then they 'll have to restore them . 
  that 's at least a year or two of freedom more . 
  he 's not a criminal . 
  at least not yet . 
  implying we need nato to defeat russia . 
  this chart of yours surely looks nice - showing our gdp , and not the rate of it 's growth . 
  here , take a look at this : [ link ] ( http://pl.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp-growth ) . 
  it 's probably also a real life bubble then . 
  i would n't say most people are `` mad about migrants '' , they 're just against helping people who exploit the tragedy of others . 
  during the debate both nowacka and zandberg were in favour of taking in as many refugees as possible . 
  i may have misunderstood them though - none of the leaders present at the debate said anything concrete . 
  how so ? 
  entire left side of the political spectrum shot itself in its collective foot by supporting unlimited or barely limited immigration from the middle eastern countries . 
  it 's almost as if they did n't want to be elected . 
  here 's mine : http://prntscr.com/8ozbys i 'm still not sure whom i should vote for . 
  i like this one : https://youtu.be/n-mjc25r0nc, 
   birth control pills have side-pills too of course they do , but day-after pills contain 75 times ( 20 mcg/day vs 1500 mcg in one pill ) more hormones than birth control pills . 
  they can really fuck you up , and getting your hormones in balance after things go wrong is troublesome . 
  i 'm not saying that day after pills * should * be prescription only , just that there are valid reasons for them to be distributed that way . 
  these pills contain hormones in large quantities , which can have adverse side effects . 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable for them to be prescription only .
