  and unlike akp , mhp respects turkey 's constitution and laws . 
  check out his comment history . 
  he hates everyone who is n't white . 
  poor guy . 
  probably has no friends, 
  but saying germany is in zero fault is also wrong . 
  greece did fuck up , yes , but it was n't entirely their fault . 
  who does n't love ice cream ? 
   do you have any numbers on the distribution of syrian refugees throughout turkey ? 
  http://www.migrationpolicycentre.eu/docs/mpc-rr-2013-05.pdf page 7 :  meanwhile , the number of syrian refugees living outside the camps has increased , and now possibly stands at more than 100,000 according to local estimates . 
  this report is from 2013 . 
  the numbers today are much higher . 
  [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruav0kvqoog] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruav0kvqoog ), 
   refugee camps and settled refugees inside local communities offer two very different sets of circumstances for interactions between the natives and the refugees . 
  you are wrong , because a huge part of the syrian refugees in turkey are n't even in camps . 
  they are distributed all over turkey . 
  istanbul for example , has also tens of thousands of syrian refugees . 
   do you think the turkish people would be as supportive if it was millions of russian or ukrainian refugees ? 
  actually , yes . 
  we already have shit tons of russian and ukrainian tourists every year ( russians are our tourists number 1 ) . 
  i do n't think that many people here would mind them if they now came as refugees fleeing from war . 
  generally speaking , turks have nothing against russians or ukrainians . 
  also , many people here do n't understand , that we are pretty much already used to refugees . 
  since the middle east is ` burning ' , turkey was always a major spot for refugees . 
  yes , of course there is also some xenophobia against the refugees here ( like everywhere else ) , but not that much as in europe . 
   they send thousands of migrants illegaly on boats to italy have fun with them ( : i wish we would send more tho . 
  lol that this is coming from a polish guy, 
  what a nice guy you are ( : i bet nobody likes you, 
  look at his username . 
  he probably is a fascist himself . 
   nobody tried to kill any of `` your '' people for decades what a horseshit . 
  are you seriously denying all the attacks and murders on turkish civilians during the coup ? 
  i bet you also sympathize with the fascists that tried the military coup in cyprus . 
  and then trying to play the peaceful guy . 
  you disgust me  why your militaristic barbaric state will not be in the eu in foreseeable future . 
  we do n't want to end up like greece , 
  you seem butthurt . 
  and what you 're saying is , that we should just have let you guys kill our people there ? 
  you know what , as long as the greek cypriots think like that , i hope the turkish military never leaves the island . 
  you guys should be happy that we did n't annex the entire island . 
  ok , fair point . 
  you just seemed like one of those `` kill kebab greek stronk '' greeks . 
  so , to your question ;  why is your military still here ? 
  probably because it 's nice to have a military base that 's outside of your borders . 
  i seriously do n't know how the turkish cypriots perceive the turkish military there , but i guess the majority also do want them there , but i really do n't know . 
  however , what i know for sure is , that if i , as a turk lived in cyprus , i definitely would not have mind the turkish military being here . 
  who else would protect us ? 
  see what ? 
  what the fuck is your point ? 
  you saying i 'm a muslim and i hate jews ? 
  except in cyprus , greek fascists were doing a military coup in order to annex the island to greece and to ethnic cleanse it . 
  if turkey would not have intervened , there would have been thousands of dead turkish cypriots . 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1974_cypriot_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1974_cypriot_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ), 
  i think he is just pissed because he has no job, 
  if you guys did n't invade iraq and start a war based on lies , isis would not have existed like it does today . 
  the greeks should n't have tried to ethnic cleanse the island then ( : i 'm not really fond of our foreign policy , but the invasion of cyprus was fully justified . 
   african jew that 's quite specific . 
   having an opinion = ignorance ? 
  ignorant opinions are ignorant . 
  good for you !, 
  but you 're still a very ignorant person . 
  the border just has been opened . 
  / r/europe is seriously going full retard sometimes, 
  and you sound sooo educated, 
  not really the same . 
  our neighbouring countries are n't even that culturally close to us ( except for azerbaijan and iran ) . 
  even greece is culturally closer to us than iraq for example . 
  because turks, 
  because most of the immigrant turks in europe are uneducated anatolian ` peasants ' . 
  the educated turkish immigrants are in the us . 
  as a euroturk myself , you 're right . 
  until university , i had no single kebab friend , only euros . 
  euros are still the majority of my friends , but now i also have good smart kebab friends . 
  sorry for this weird comment . 
  i 'm drunk and high from celebrating erdogs downfall . 
  fuck yea , im so happy right now :d, 
  and i 'm going to take a bong hit right now :d drugs  religion, 
  china is a very interesting place . 
  not sure if sarcasm or serious, 
  heey , my goat is pretty dope, 
  that 's a very good and healthy attitude . 
  the same goes to us . 
  i think it 's the mediterran climate, 
  here , have another one, 
  except the greeks were indeed ethnic cleansing the island . 
  the greeks should be happy that turkey did n't annex the entire island . 
  atleast we do n't fuck with sheep  ^ ^ ^ only ^ ^ ^ goats, 
  it makes my dick hard . 
  ` murica, 
   russia sells weapons to both countries . 
   russia is not just looking for peace , but is rather looking for some arrangement that maximizes their regional influence over both countries . 
  their population is already doing that . 
  look at their fucked up economy . 
  never ever trust russia, 
  why does everything russia touches turn into shit ? 
  you forgot to add feminist, 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  i have enough greek friends and have been to greece numerious times to know that this is n't true . 
  i seriously do n't understand what your problem with us turks is ? 
  i really like you greeks , since we share history and culture , and greece is the coolest country out of our neighbours .
