  but i really do n't get the turcophobia of the greek nationalists ( today ) . 
  because todays turkish nationalists do n't even hate greeks . 
  it 's just so weird to me to still see some greeks like you hating turks, 
  hey dude , those are the good suicide bombers . 
  there are bad and good suicide bombers, 
  fascist that fascist this fascist there , every turks is a fascist . 
  all kurds are secular progressive non terroristic feminists , we get it buddy, 
   they are not `` your '' muslims anymore - you gave them away and you ca n't have them back now . 
  lol , where did i say i wanted them back ? 
  meh , genetically , todays turks and greeks are not very different from each other . 
  i am half pomak myself ( mother 's side ), 
  kurds are far from being secular and progressive . 
  turkey 's most backwarded and religious people are the kurds . 
  also , fgm is still very present amongst the kurds in iraq . 
  not sure what exactly is progressive about that ... 
  that 's because they are turks , and not arabs . 
  our muslims are n't as radical and backwarded as the arab ones, 
  they are n't . 
  a nazi is someone who subscribes to the nationalist socialism/nazism ideology . 
  grey wolves are turkish ultra nationalists , they have nothing to do with nazis . 
  it would n't even make sense , why the fuck would turkish nationalists subscribe to nazism ? 
  not everyone who is a nationalist is a fucking nazi . 
  lol k, 
  oh my god , `` gayreek '' lmfao , i totally remember those comments . 
  but the most hilarious thing was , when everytime there was a cringeworthy music video from turkey , turks on youtube and facebook used to make it seem like the song was greek , by writing comments like `` nice greek song '' or `` amazing song from greece '' etc. 
  those were the times haha, 
  yea , deporting eu citizens back to eu is literally sending terrorists to europe , fucking genius . 
  and it 's not like we are informing the eu that some of these people may be terrorists , right ? 
  hehe, 
  i do n't . 
  this video was proven to be a fake . 
   as far as i know , the pkk is n't on the european terror list it actually is . 
  pkk is recognized as a terrorist organization by nato , eu , usa & some other nations . 
  your comment shows how clueless you actually are . 
  my comment may have sounded harsh , but you have to remember , that just a few days ago pkk suicide bombers killed 37 civilians in the heart of ankara . 
  we 've gone through the same shit as you , but worse . 
  our emotions are just as mixed up as yours . 
  i 'm very disgusted what happened in belgium ( we know pretty well how you are feeling ) , but your state is supporting and protecting terrorists that are killing turkish civilians . 
  this is not acceptable . 
  right now , europe needs turkey , and turkey needs europe more than ever . 
  instead of trying to fuck over each other , we need to work together , because this shit ( islamic terrorism , refugee crisis , syria ) ca n't be solved alone . 
  how many muslims live in latvia ? 
   ` death to france ' serves no harm to french citizens and is n't racist or discriminatory in nature . 
  you ca n't be serious ... 
  there is no evidence for this . 
  the only evidence for this bullshit claim are random kurds on twitter and russiatoday . 
  turkey supports various rebel groups in syria , which is known , but not isis . 
  how can turkey support isis while also bombing and arresting them ? 
  no other country arrested so many isis terrorists like turkey . 
  also , if you 're not aware , isis attacked turkey multiple times . 
  turkey has lost more lives to isis 's terrorism than any other european country . 
  people like you disgust me, 
   he 's just pissed because the pkk set up tents in brussels it is pretty fucked up though . 
  just a few days ago pkk terrorists killed over 30 civilians in ankara . 
  and belgium is protecting these terrorists . 
  it 's not about having `` balls '' . 
  it 's about being not backwarded and irrational, 
  this is n't ` murica . 
  aah , nepal , my favourite european country . 
  who the fuck are you to tell other people they should n't talk ? 
  also , according to your history you are russian , not ukrainian . 
  you are n't fooling anyone here . 
  sure buddy , life is n't fair after all, 
   life is not fair lmfao , excellent argument . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about, 
   it destabilizes all of europe economically , politically and socially . 
  it is actually becoming an existential crisis for several dearly held insiltitutions in europe . 
  then why the fuck should we let them stay here ? 
  do n't you see your hypocrisy ? 
  lmfao , yea dude , turkey is buying and selling slaves . 
  you have to be absolutely fucking retarded to believe in this shit . 
  also , veterantoday.com is an absolute joke . 
  just read this article regarding mh17 ( they are saying ukraine shot down mh17 and nato is responsible for it ) : [ http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/10/13/media-control-and-a-rigged-report-mh17/] ( http://www.veteranstoday.com/2015/10/13/media-control-and-a-rigged-report-mh17/ ), 
  but is n't eu the one who is trying to bribe turkey ?? 
  to me it seems like that nobody really is interested in solving this refugee crisis . 
  everybody wants this crisis to end , but nobody is willing to do anything , just pointing fingers at each other . 
  this is getting ridiculous, 
  it was never great to begin with, 
  better than yours, 
  lmfao , nice source/website, 
   first of all the dhkp-c took responsible for the attack . 
  this is not true , you are straight up lying . 
  care to provide a source for your obviously bullshit claim ? 
  western leftists in a nutshell ( i know , not all of them are like that ) . 
  they tend to support every single minority/underdog organization that exists , because `` muh oppression '' , `` fuck the state '' `` they are just fighting for freddom '' , but actually have no fucking idea how fucked up these organizations in reality are . 
  they support hamas , they support pkk , they support farc , they support ira . 
  these groups are listed as terrorist organizations for a fucking reason, 
  i find it funny that a guy that considers turkish civilians as legitimate targets talks about me being part of the problem . 
  lmfao , get lost you hypocrite, 
  you said yourself that civilians are a legit target in one of your past comments , so get the fuck off your moral high horse, 
  and some people here wonder why turkey sees pkk as a bigger threat than any other terrorist organization . 
  hey , women also should be allowed to blow themselves up !, 
  that 's the new feminism my friend . 
  kurdish gender equality and all that u know, 
  most likely pkk . 
  isis is n't that active in turkey . 
  the last ankara bombing was also done by kurdish terrorists , remember ? 
  it 's probably even more, 
   europe is taking in the most refugees globally , for probably decades this is simply not true . 
  turkey alone has more refugees right now than entire europe combined .
