borrowed tons of money to build massive infrastructure projects which made it seem like the economy was good bt in reality it was an artifical economy built on borrowed money and construction projects . 
  i 'm aware of that , did i ever say our economy was excellent ? 
  read better next time . 
   in the end , turkey will never join the eu . 
  . not because you do not want to join . 
  but because nobody in europe wants turkey to join . 
  lol . 
  not the majority , but there are still plenty of people that want us to join the eu . 
  but whatever helps you sleep at night buddy . 
  damn brah you hate us . 
  keep hating tho , because you will always stay europe 's little irrelevant lapdog ( :, 
  can you explain/name some of those aspects that positively affected your personal lives ? 
  true , but op asked for the turkish pov , not the european one . 
   go back to dreaming about erdogan you filthy turk not sure why you think i like erdogan , since all of my comments regarding him are against him . 
  looks like you have issues with reading comprehension . 
  instead of wasting your time on reddit go and work you lazy greek or mama merkel will punish you , you parasidic worm . 
  a decision completely based on your emotions instead of rationalism . 
  well done , you just killed over 75 million humans . 
  do you seriously think we want to join the eu anymore ? 
  why the hell do so many euros still think we want to join the eu ? 
  it 's one of the few things every single turk , does n't matter wether a secularist kemalist , grey wolf or religious , can agree on , not to join the eu . 
  i like europe , but i do n't want my country to join the union . 
  also , you are cypriot yourself . 
  tell us how your nation benefited from joining the eu . 
  especially greece is very happy that they ~ ~ became germanys colony ~ ~ joined the eu . 
   no fascist junta now thanks to turkey 's intervention . 
   turkey is just occupying foreign territory . 
  it 's the price the greeks had to pay for their bullshit . 
  they should be happy that we did n't annex the entire island . 
  oh , we 're so sorry that we fought against the fascist greek military junta that was trying to ethnic cleanse the entire island . 
  we did n't know that it was a crime to save our own people . 
  would have been much better to have thousands of dead evil turks , right my fellow european friend ? 
  people will probably chose the nation they hate the most . 
  but sacrificing the country with the smallest population would be the right answer . 
  so , vatican, 
  thanks !, 
  can someone translate what he 's saying ? 
  and the lefts will steal from you ? 
  it wo n't . 
  nothing lasts forever . 
  really ? 
  romania and bulgaria woud say something different though . 
  i 'm aware that many turks have greek blood , and i do n't have a problem with that . 
  it goes both ways , and it 's something beautiful actually . 
  but it seemed like the redditor to whom i was commenting would n't be happy about this fact , that 's why i wrote that . 
  also , i wrote 700 years , because turks are in anatolia since [ 1071 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seljuq_empire ) . 
  so , actually even longer than 700 years . 
  turkey does n't want to join the eu anymore , and this since years now . 
  it 's so fucking annoying when europeans still think we want to join the eu . 
  good for you . 
  because it 's europe . 
  shitty economy, 
  or , you call turkey . 
  removing serbians is our hobby ( :, 
  the winners of wars keep the lands . 
  historically , turks are the number # 1 enemy to the russians . 
  it 's true , that the russians won most of the time , but not always . 
   a report compiled by the council of europe estimated that over 200 women were killed in honor killings in turkey in 2007 . 
  [ 76 ] a june 2008 report by the turkish prime ministry 's human rights directorate said that in istanbul alone there was one honor killing every week , and reported over 1,000 during the previous five years . 
  it added that metropolitan cities were the location of many of these , due to growing kurdish immigration to these cities from the east . 
  [ 77 ] in 2009 a turkish news agency reported that a 2-day-old boy who was born out of wedlock had been killed for honor . 
  the maternal grandmother of the infant , along with six other persons , including a doctor who had reportedly accepted a bribe to not report the birth , were arrested . 
  the grandmother is suspected of fatally suffocating the infant . 
  the child 's mother , 25 , was also arrested ; she stated that her family had made the decision to kill the child . 
  [ 78 ]  in 2010 a 16-year-old kurdish girl was buried alive by relatives for befriending boys in southeast turkey ; her corpse was found 40 days after she went missing . 
  [ 79 ] ahmet yildiz , 26 , a turkish physics student who represented his country at an international gay conference in the united states in 2008 , was shot dead leaving a cafe in istanbul . 
  it is believed yildiz was the victim of the country 's first gay honor killing . 
  [ 80 ]  honor killings continue to enjoy public support in parts of turkey , especially in the southeast . 
  a survey in diyarbakir found that , when asked the appropriate punishment for a woman who has committed adultery , 37 % of respondents said she should be killed , while 21 % said her nose or ears should be cut off . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honor_killing ), 
  i wish they were indeed that progressive ... 
  ever been to the kurdish areas in east turkey ? 
  i 'm studying in europe right now , so i 'm not one of those guys that does not know what europe is . 
  you are bored to pay for visas , is this the reason you want to join the eu ? 
  just so you do n't have to pay for visas anymore ? 
  we do n't want to join the eu anymore , and this since years now . 
  it boggles my mind that so many ignorant europeans still think we want to join the eu . 
  yea , and ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean ? 
  armenians are armenians ? 
  true that . 
  but ** we ** also have our own vision for turkey . 
  erdogan just needs to fuck off first, 
  we tried , we failed . 
  we will raise again though . 
  holy fucking shit , are you seriously saying afghanistan and iraq are now democracies ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 're serious , using sarcasm or just really fucking retarded, 
  iraq and afghanistan are democracies now ? 
  then you guys did pretty fucking well !, 
  the iraqis and afghanis are so damn free now . 
   i do n't feel like sending europeans to die safeguarding the turkish border in an unstable region but to afghanistan and iraq , for murican freedom, 
  i do n't understand why the fuck most of the europeans still think that turkey wants to join the eu . 
  most turks do n't want to join in . 
  just look at what happened with greece , bulgaria etc. 
  no thanks . 
  the armenian `` genocide '' also happened during war . 
  do n't worry , lithuania would n't be much affected . 
  it 's not a punishment . 
  we have over 2.2 million refugees here in turkey , and the eu is n't really doing anything to support us . 
  i seriously have to laugh when europeans go apeshit just because a few thousand refugees came to their country .
