   profiting on the back of refugees , killing kurdish civilians en masse , is supporting neighbours because our ` leaders ' do n't have any balls . 
  it 's time to threaten tourism to turkey . 
  it 's time to end dual nationality for european turks . 
  it 's to only language ever more fascist becoming erdogan understands try harder racist, 
  wtf , are these guys really in the greek parliament ? 
  wat this is so random lol, 
  i do n't know , it worked great in the past lol, 
  europe being europe, 
   because when the ottoman empire controlled the mid east things were so much better right ? 
  actually , yes . 
  the me under ottoman rule was indeed much better, 
   we gave turkey 3 billion euros , nothing changed . 
  we did not even get that money . 
  also , we 've alone spent more than 13bn already on the refugees . 
  3bin euros is a pathetic sum . 
  then have fun with the refugees !, 
  holy shit , that vikings vs mongols looks fucking awesome . 
  is this only in russian ? 
  this is so stupid . 
  yes we know , russia is deliberately bombing hospitals and schools , you are correct , those are n't mistakes , they are intentional . 
  yes , russia is deliberately targeting those as well . 
  mistakes happen . 
  nato is n't intentionally bombing hospitals , unlike russia . 
  a bigger airforce and navy too, 
   pretty much equal ( except land forces equal ?? 
  our military is by far superior to greece 's military ... where are you getting this ` equal ' nonsense ? 
  [ http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=turkey&amp;country2=greece&amp;submit=compare] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=turkey&amp;country2=greece&amp;submit=compare ), 
  alright , here you go . 
  now greece has more turks than greeks . 
  well done . 
  lol, 
  where are you from ? 
  lol , this is n't erdogans work, 
  hey , it 's a start, 
  what are you talking ? 
  kurds in turkey are allowed to have their own broadcasts . 
  ukrainian girls are hot as fuck , which is a pro you forgot to add :d, 
  ca n't argue against that . 
  nothing lasts for ever , that 's true . 
  lol , you ca n't compare eu with udssr . 
  eu membership is on a voluntary basis , whereas soviet union was an imperialistic empire that forced other nations to `` join '' . 
  eu is about democracy , free trade and peaceful co-existance . 
  soviet union was none of those . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  turkey , lebanon and jordan have been dealing with a refugee problem for decades . 
  turkey alone has more refugees than entire europe combined . 
  european countries are the ones who are unwilling ( except germany and sweden ) . 
   this policy is what will break the european union . 
  it wo n't . 
  everytime eu faced a crisis , people used to say this shit . 
  for decades people have been saying `` eu will fail , eu will break , this will be eu 's end etc. '', 
  but what happened was that the eu even came out stronger out of these crises . 
  eu wo n't break because of a few million migrants . 
  you are being absurd, 
  most of those countries would never support russia in case of a full scale war between nato and russia . 
  you seriously think they would risk getting annihilated by the most powerful military alliance that ever existed ( nato ) ? 
  why the hell would they choose to be on the weaker side ? 
  why are you shocked ? 
  never heard of turkish jews ? 
  there has been even a turkic-jewish empire/khaganate in the past ( khazar khaganate ) . 
  for what ? 
  for not letting russia freely abuse smaller nations ? 
  you are right about uk and france being more important with their nukes , but turkey 's military is still one of the most powerful militaries , even without nukes . 
  turkey 's military is n't simply strong because of their huge manpower , it 's fairly modern and high-tech . 
  turkey is bombing pkk . 
  saying turkey bombs kurds is like saying the anti-is coalition is bombing arabs . 
  pkk = / = kurds, 
  this has to be one of the most retarded articles i 've read since weeks . 
  he was a kurd with a turkish citizenship . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm saying that he was ethnically kurdish , not turkish . 
  misleading title . 
  `` turkish '' in the sense that he was born in turkey . 
  ethnically , he was a kurd . 
  he was born in van ( south east turkey ) , went to kobane , and then came back from kobane with a fake id . 
  its because of my flair . 
  nothing . 
  what is happening to germany ? 
  sure buddy : *, 
  better than shooting down civilian aircrafts , 
  yea , shooting down civilian aircrafts and annexing foreign land , what a leveled head !, 
  i mean , it 's understandable . 
  the russians are abusing them since ever . 
  good thing nato is protecting them , or else the russians would have done the same to the baltics what they are doing to ukraine right now . 
   but if everybody keeps a leveled head it 's also harmless . 
  why ca n't russia keep a leveled head ? 
  entire sky is russian airspace, 
  source ? 
  which local parties ? 
  maybe we should go back to mongolia , resurrect genghis khan and then come back to anatolia again . 
  is n't what le pen is trying to do considered treason ? 
  how is getting financial support by the russian state any different than getting financial support from islamists for example ? 
  both are enemies of democracy and are trying to divide and destabilize europe . 
  i swear , some people are just straight up retarded, 
  serves them right . 
  i knew something like this would happen , but i 'm glad it did n't come from us . 
   turkish side fenerbahce won 2-0 . :d, 
  so , hitler was a leftist ? 
  are you implying that hitler was a leftist ? 
   if you read so many books you probably know that hitler ideology has more in common with left ideology .
