  if krg wants turkish soldiers to train their peshmerga , so be it . 
  baghdad has no say there . 
  they ca n't even do shit when krg refuses to share the oil money with them . 
  why is the hiv rate so high in russia ? 
  i guess it is connected with the high heroin use in russia , or am i wrong ? 
  poor russia . 
  is n't russia one of the biggest homophobic countries on earth ? 
  atleast we have potato, 
  and maybe also resurrect atilla khan while we are at it . 
  world domination , here we coooome !, 
  i do n't get it either . 
  some arabic and central asian countries already said they are ready to increase the trade with turkey , and would gladly take those goods if russia does n't want them . 
  azerbaijan even said that as long as they have gas/oil , turkey does n't need to worry . 
  these `` sanctions '' are going to hurt russia much more than turkey . 
   i would n't be surprised if they sent them s400 missles to greece . 
  greece is a nato member ... 
  erdogan is a wannabe autocrat , while putin already is a full blown autocrat, 
  russia should apologize for violating turkey 's airspace . 
  and not just to turkey , maybe also to ukraine , finland , poland , denmark , estland , georgia , romania , etc. 
  russia going full retard, 
  we should just flood europe with 2 million refugees , since they do n't care anyways . 
  yea , so ? 
  how is this relevant ? 
  i did search , and i could n't find anything . 
  you are making this up , and i actually knew it before i even asked you to provide me the link . 
  the downed russian pilot did n't get beheaded . 
  he got shot at , while still gliding with his parachute , but he did not get beheaded . 
  you are a liar , and people here should be aware of this when reading your comments . 
  and the russians wonder why all the ex-soviet states hate russia so much . 
  can i have a link to that video ? 
  because no single newspaper ever mentioned a beheading . 
  i 'd love all these things you 've mentioned in your comment , and so do most turks . 
  but those things can also be done without joining the eu . 
  the thing that shifted the pro-eu opinion of turks was , that we just got sick and tired of eu fucking with us . 
  they were never really supportful towards us . 
  not when millions of refugees fled to turkey during the us invasion , not when greek cypriots were trying to ethnic cleanse the turkish cypriots , and not when pkk terrorists were having safe heaven on european soil . 
  the eu has shown us that we ca n't trust them . 
  i 'm all for having good relations with the eu , trading with them and etc. 
  but even i , as a secular , atheist turk , do n't want my country to join the eu . 
  but i 'd be so glad if we could atleast travel to eu countries without all the visa hassle . 
  we are literally europe 's neighbour and door , but still ca n't visit it that easily . 
  fuck this deal . 
  that cash is n't even going to go into our pockets , but erdogan 's . 
  i 'd be ok with a deal helping the eu with the migrant crisis if we got visa-free travel in return , but not just cash . 
  the eu is n't doing the turkish people a favour with giving erdogan more money . 
  erdogan is fucking our country , and eu is helping erdogan with that, 
  i seriously ca n't decide wether these people really think turkey wants to join the eu , or if they are just doing it to annoy us . 
  thanks for your input , slavic_emperor . 
  not really, 
  ukraine , the baltics , finland , the us , uk , nato in general , and even bulgaria said that turkey did the right thing . 
  the only countries that showed support towards russia were serbia , belarus , iran and syria . 
  lol at the black eye hahaha, 
  access to sea, 
  sputnik , along with russiatoday are unreliable sources . 
  they should n't even be considered as journalism , because it 's just pure state propaganda, 
  they can try . 
   russia is the country with second most powerful army in the world that 's not even true . 
  china has a far superior military than russia . 
  and india 's military comes close to the russian military . 
  russia is n't a super power , never was , and never will be . 
  big military toys mean nothing if your economy is shit . 
  you can win battles , but not wars . 
  those were warning shots , that ypg should n't cross the euphrates . 
  lol, 
  turkey bombs pkk positions in northern iraq , with the support of iraqi kurdistan government . 
  if turkey did n't shoot the russian jet down , the russians would continue to violate our airspace . 
  now they will think twice before doing it . 
  lol . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  first of , russia has n't started clearing land for ypg . 
  russia is clearing land for the saa . 
  secondly , russia ca n't even block the turkey-syria border , because only turkey and the ypg can do this . 
  you make it like assad and ypg are allies , which is n't even true . 
  ypg is getting support from the us . 
  and russia wo n't support groups that are supported by the us . 
  and the kurds wo n't exchange us support for russian support . 
  educate yourself before you spew utter nonsense . 
  except turkey already warned russia multiple times that they better stop with violating our airspace or there will be consequences . 
  a few weeks ago turkey had even made a complaint to the un that russia keeps violating our airspace . 
  turkey even sent the russian ambassador back because of that . 
  russia still continued to behave like a retard , and finally got their jet shot down . 
  and now russia is whining . 
  russia was stupid that they thought they could violate our airspace without any consequences . 
  guess what , turkey is n't finland , georgia , estland or ukraine . 
  so butthurt they ca n't even, 
   the third world war began in earnest on november 23rd , 2050 with the japanese coordinated assault on america 's battle star network and domestic air bases . 
  the attack crippled the alliance 's space systems and allowed for turkey to begin a wider assault on the polish bloc . 
  and india . 
   using what little air power remained , and bolstering their diminished space forces with secretly stockpiled satellite systems he us launched a series of strikes on japanese air and naval bases on the home islands . 
  for the next year southern europe would be invaded by the turks who would eventually spread as far as southern russia and poland itself . 
   desperate for aid , poland begs the us to launch an attack directly on turkey , but the us can not abide with its diminished forces . 
  working with the british , the us eventually is able to launch a devastating strike on turkey , though taking heavy losses on their own side . 
   by 2052 germany is approached by the turks , promising them control over eastern europe while they promise to not spread farther than the balkans . 
  german enters the war with france and launches a western front against poland . 
  attacked from all sides , the us is forced to send direct ground forces to the poles via st. petersburg meeting the germans and the turks to stop their advancement toward warsaw . 
  scorched earth tactics by the poles buy the americans and british forces time to set up forward operations . 
   by 2053 the us has launched a new battle star network ( for now consisting of only a single next gen battle star ) , and a next-gen fleet of hypersonic ucavs that level coalition military forces . 
  the germans and french are pushed out of poland , while the turks are pushed back over the carpathians and into the balkans , while china and korea expel the japanese from mainland asia . 
  a hasty treaty is pushed through in geneva ending the conflict , but granting japan and turkey their sovereignty , and turkey a sphere of influence in the islamic world . 
  poland is furious at the american refusal to destroy the turks once and for all , but they are left with an empire close of their 17th century holdings .
