   the nato is old and rusty nato is more powerful than ever today . 
  again , you have no idea . 
  your entire arguments are based on emotions . 
  sorry , but i do n't see a reason to continue arguing with you . 
  y' all are so fucking naive, 
   because do you think the us would risk one to save your sorry hide ? 
  that 's the point of nato . 
  if russia or any other nation decided to attack turkey ( in turkey ) , nato is obligated to protect turkey . 
  if nato decided not to , nato would fail , because it would lose all of it 's credibility . 
  it seems like most of the people here have no fucking idea how nato actually works and why turkey even is in nato . 
  geopolitics does n't care about your emotions and feelings about what is wrong and right to you . 
  sory no engrish only t\u00fcrk , no understanding gavurca, 
   yeah but democracy beats nato . 
  nato is n't a democratic or political organization . 
  it 's a military/defense organization . 
   id oppose my country going to war if russia strikes down some tukish planes that are bombing kurd positions in syria or iraq . 
  pity that you are not the one who makes these decisions . 
  that 's not how nato works though . 
   ca n't the russians move some airdefenses in to strike turkish planes ? 
  do you want a third world war ? 
  what i also realized , is that there are lots of accounts posting here which were newly created . 
  i think this sub needs a new rule that your account has to be atleast 2 months old and have a certain amount of upvotes to be able to post here . 
  i think / r/syriancivilwar and a few other subreddits did that , in order to maintain the quality of the sub and to make it harder for alt-accounts . 
   since islamists seem to never get punished despite being surveilled . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  when islamists break the rules , they go to jail . 
  so what ? 
  they are fleeing from a fucking war, 
  actually , your point was wrong , and i explained why . 
  if you still think turkey 's consitution is n't secular , that 's your problem . 
   turkey is not and never was secular . 
  the presidency of religious affairs is an institution founded by ataturk . 
  you are very uninformed . 
  just to correct you ; the presidency of religious affairs ( diyanet ) was founded so the state has a better grip over the islamists . 
  this way , the state can watch them , if they are planning to do stupid shit . 
  it 's a security measure , but right , erdogan 's regime is doing the exact opposite . 
  now , to the secularism part ; turkey was founded as a secular republic . 
  our constitution says :  the article 4 declares the immovability of the founding principles of the republic defined in the first three articles and bans any proposals for their modification . 
  the preamble also invokes the principles of nationalism , defined as the `` material and spiritual well-being of the republic '' . 
  the basic nature of turkey is la\u00efcit\u00e9 ( 2 ) , social equality ( 2 ) , equality before law ( 10 ) , the republican form of government ( 1 ) , the indivisibility of the republic and of the turkish nation ( 3.1 ) . '', 
  ** thus , it sets out to found a unitary nation-state based on the principles of secular democracy . 
  ** source : [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_turkey] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_turkey ) why do you think erdogan is trying so hard to change our consitution ? 
  then enjoy the additional ~ 1.000.000 refugees  i guess that 's so ** much ** better for merkel , and europe . 
  more refugees , less turkish tourists and bussinesmen . 
  i seriously do n't understand some of you europeans, 
  chp is n't irrelevant . 
  they are turkeys first party , founded by ataturk himself , and they are the second biggest party right now . 
  from the outside , as a society we might look a bit backwarded and to some extend even retarded , but you still have to consider , that more than 50 % of our population still consists of secular and liberal minded people . 
  it 's just that we secular people of turkey are also fragmented ( unlike the islamists of akp ) , you see this in the amount of parties we have . 
  look at mhp ; they are our nationalists , but most of them are secular . 
  they still have a big amount of islamists , but the party itself is secular . 
  look at hdp ; like chp , they are social democratic and leftist , and they were founded as a kurdish party , but they still get many votes from our leftist turkish youth . 
  then there are dozens of other irrelevant leftist parties . 
  if those people could unite , we could easily put an end to the islamist conservative pest , that is plagueing our nation and people . 
  we just need time . 
   well in recent news merkel said that she would speed up the negotiations for turkey to join eu . 
  speeding up the negotiations does n't mean a membership for turkey . 
  merkel probably thinks she can troll us , but i hope erdogan does n't fail to see this , despite him being a fucking retard piece of shit . 
  either we get free visas , or no deal ( is what most of us turks would want ) . 
  otherways , we gain nothing from that . 
  i also do n't give a shit about the amount of money we would get . 
  that money is n't going into our pockets anyways . 
   a : anyway if you guys can abolish the visa for turkish citizens . 
   b : that 's part of the plans yes . 
  tho i 'm sure people will cringe at home in europe . 
  i do n't see why this would even bother the people in europe . 
  i mean , turcophobic people here are n't a rarity , and those people will always hate us , no matter what , but this seriously woud n't hurt anyone in europe . 
  we just want to be able to travel like normal people , without the disgusting and extremely annoying bureaucratic hassle we turks always have to go through when we want to travel to european countries . 
  it 's not like we are on a different continent separated by a big ocean or huge landmass . 
  we are literally europe 's neighbour , but still ca n't visit it that easily . 
  this wo n't happen . 
  i do n't understand why so many people here think merkel is going to let us join the eu , that 's just retarded . 
  it 's also extremely annoying that so many europeans keep saying the same bullshit over and over and make it like we want to join the eu . 
  the vast majority of us do n't want to join the eu . 
  maybe in the future , but not while we are ruled by religious maniacs . 
  second biggest party, 
  chp is the main opposition party ( secular , kemalist , social democratic ) , if anyone 's wondering, 
   istanbul was just mosque after mosque after mosque and then a mall lol ? 
  i agree that we have too many mosques , but istanbul is so much more than just mosques , i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  istanbul is one of the most visited cities on earth . 
  people are n't coming here just to see mosques, 
   i 'm perfectly calm though . 
  does n't sound like that . 
  just drink some tea and try to relax . 
  so , you visited turkey 's most secular and liberal cities and the culture is still very alien to you ? 
  i guess you are very religious and conservative then ? 
  especially izmir . 
  that city is no different than any other european city . 
  it 's obvious that you are talking out of your arse . 
  you are just embarrassing yourself dude . 
  calm down jugo, 
   i was . 
  i 've been to turkey and i consider it a totaly alien culture sorry , but sounds like you are lying . 
  which city did you visit then ? 
   during this coup , not one single turk was hurt , it was entirely an attack on the greek cypriot population . 
  this is utter bullshit . 
  there were hundreds of turks who were killed by greek ultra nationalists . 
  entire towns were attacked . 
  you guys should be happy that we did n't annex the entire fucking island after what your fascists did to the turks living on cyprus, 
   turkish tv shows have gone from unheard of to being quite popular in romania 's walachia and moldova our tv shows are even popular in [ south america ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/afp-turkish-soaps-invade-latin-america-land-of-telenovela-2014-12?ir=t ) , [ balkan ] ( http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/turks-bewitch-the-balkans-with-their-addictive-soaps ) and especially in [ arab countries ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-22282563 ) .
