and thus , ukip has nothing to worry about , really . 
  she lacks bedside manner . 
  iraq was a cash cow under us control ... 
  ( 17 ) scotland . 
  is like to see a political one . 
  id imagine it would be a lot more conservative . 
  you know how some maps are just a population map ? 
  this of just a latitude map . 
  is n't everything north of birmingham `` the north ? '', 
  or was that everything north of the m25 ? 
  it works for everyone . 
  it works too well ( and usually unintentionally ) if you 're black and poor . 
  your username is a lot cooler now that i know your name is rashad . 
  well we 've got berkshire , now can we see lyon ? 
  ca n't we agree that most of the countries in the world are racist ? 
  sorry , i forgot that people in mexico deserve to be poor . 
  i was just making a joke about the subreddit . 
  but i would love an american union . 
  i 'd say ukip had something to do with it . 
  there are a lot of different ethnicities in almost every country in europe . 
  it 's the races you might be thinking of , since there are fewer nonwhite people than in america . 
  well , i never thought i 'd want to see the chancellor naked . 
  ^ ( still do n't , in fact . ), 
  i 'm sure out of 50,000 people , there 's probably one or two diplomats . 
  so those people are legitimate representatives thereof . 
  italy is * obviously * the phallus, 
  i chuckled audibly at that . 
  i 'm not gon na lie to you , morloca24 , i would love to come to the uk and take your job . 
  i can see it now . 
  you leaving your desk , sad , with a box of your stuff . 
  me and ~ ~ your ~ ~ my boss chatting ( me with a foreign accent , of course . 
  french or polish or turkish or something ) , waiting for you to leave . 
  and they 're all coming to take your job in the uk !, 
  hey , they 're just answering the question . 
  i 'd agree with the primate ceo . 
  100 % dancer, 
  i thought i was the only one . 
   there is a reason why no one is losing sleep over the threat posed by jain and quaker `` extremists . '' i think part of the reason that islam and christianity face so many problems is that they are ( by far ) the two biggest religions in the world . 
  i do n't know anyone in the jain or quaker religions . 
  i know lots of christians and muslims . 
  those countries are n't particularly good with human rights . 
  uae practically has slave labour . 
  saudi arabia has a poor record with women 's rights . 
  the eu needs to stop everything right now and start a programme to powerwash every single building within its borders . 
  fatf regulations ( which are ratified by most countries ) whose goal is to limit money laundering by passing it through other countries . 
  the added benefit is that it catches people that evade taxes too . 
  all it requires is that you tell them you 're carrying the money . 
  and sometimes you have to explain more , but basically you let them know how you got it ( if it 's legit ) . 
  it 's also a good way of seizing the proceeds of crime without having found the evidence , as this on it 's own is a law . 
  the pc ( ml ) tfa in canada , for instance , has seized so much money from people in the past and very few people have applied to get it back ( because that involved proving it 's legit ) . 
  truro , like cornwall , is not england ? 
  tibet , like itself , is not china ? 
  new york , like new jersey , is not new york ? 
  montevideo , like uruguay , is not brazil ? 
  south ossetia , like abkhasia , is not russia ? 
  i better stop before i get myself in trouble . 
  i bet some guy feels really manly now , that he was able to kill an animal with a gun . 
  if he really wants to feel like a man he should fight the lion with his bare hands . 
  basque country : 1 . 
  basque 2 . 
  country, 
  there 's only people at the coast though . 
  it 's empty like australia or russia . 
  there 's only people at the coast though . 
  it 's empty like australia or russia . 
  a lot of europe is becoming more nationalistic now too . 
  as an immigrant ( well , short-term immigrant ) , it 's quite scary . 
  so really , the problem is conservatives . 
  because conservative christians ( and even some conservative people with no religion ) the ones that have these problems . 
  but i also feel like the right-wing people in europe are the ones most anti-muslim ( based on their view of all muslims as right-wing muslims ), 
  it 's a three-way tie between the vatican , russia , and greece !, 
  why is switzerland hated ? 
  i 'm glad i never have to make physical contact with another human being . 
  that 's why i moved here , and not to corsica . 
  europe is so exciting and every place is so different from everywhere else . 
  i 'm from nyc originally , so moving to cambridge felt like i was moving into an inexpensive mansion . 
  i would trade my american citizenship for citizenship in the eu in a heartbeat . 
  in america there is n't much to see . 
  most of it looks quite the same and it 's got the same language and history . 
  imagine a much-less-compact england ( not even the whole uk ) . 
  that 's the type of difference you see between places in america . 
  except that we have to travel further to experience it . 
  sidenote : does anyone want to trade citizenship with me ? 
  immigration is one of my favourite things about the eu . 
  fancy living in spain or poland for a year ? 
  you can do that !, 
  oh i would * love * to move to barcelona , but i 'm not an eu citizen , so i ca n't move around like you can . 
  ( no one * takes * anyone 's job . 
  that 's just what people say when more better-skilled , hard-working people compete with them for a job . ), 
  what if the war was n't about preserving democracy ? 
  ( i ca n't think of a war that is ), 
  why cut from the middle and not the end ?!, 
  only cut what you 're going to eat . 
  i mean , i know this is a metaphor and all and this image is n't literally happening , but i know they 're not going to finish that extra piece of tail . 
  ugh , those troglodytes !, 
  the comment has since been deleted , so i do n't remember what he said . 
  i 've had you res tagged as ` racist ' so i 'm going to pass on that . 
  i was thinking ukraine , but it could also be georgia . 
  i 'd be interested to see a russian perspective here . 
  your flair does n't tell us much , but i 'm guessing you 're either in ireland , portugal , monaco , san marino , or vatican city ?
