  but canada wants to raise the minimum wage that sadly happens to be detrimental to promised profits and the company sues . 
  a company always sues of course , this will be handled like patent laws . 
  even with miniscule chace of success . 
  did you make that up ? 
  because i 'm positive you made it up . 
  besides , yes , you could theoretically sue for anything , which makes your point nill because what the hell can you do about baseless lawsuits that would occur whether or whether you do n't take a specific action . 
  have you heard this guy 's views on women ? 
  let 's just say he barely had a good reputation on that matter . 
  i did do some critical analysis . 
  it 's you who did n't, 
  yeah i definitely trust your word more than that of a dozen intelligence agencies and several independent cyber security companies . 
  i have not defended one action of the usa here , so i 'm not sure how you get to that conclusion . 
  the point of the example was to highlight how shit your whole absolutist argument is . 
  if it applies to t&t , the same reasoning applies to larger countries with a greater presence . 
  i literally did no such thing . 
  if you want to quantify how bad america is , go right ahead . 
  but to say that all countries are evil is absurd and intellectually dishonest . 
  for example , according to your logic , tiny countries that have down nothing but subsist for the past sixty years are evil . 
  do you really believe that , say , trinidad and tobago is as `` evil '' as america ? 
  by what measure would that be true ? 
   all these 3 countries did atrocities all around the world and inside their territory , all of them pushed personal agendas for geopolitical/economic/ideology interests . 
  there is no bad or good country , they are all evil , comparing them is pointless oh boy do you lack the intellectual capacity to analyze the policies of those three countries . 
  saying that they are `` all evil '' is the cheapest cop out . 
  chances are your friends moved to another facebook platform like instagram . 
  yeah , same thing with the orlando pulse shooter . 
  isis claimed responsibility but then it later came out that the shooter vowed allegiance with * three * different terrorist groups , including al queda , which is at war with isis, 
  well yes , but 6,000 jobs in ireland is better than 10,000 jobs in some other country or countries from ireland 's perspective . 
  okay , basically , neither americans nor europeans should comment on the state of affairs in other nations , no matter how banal ? 
  take women 's basketball . 
  with all due respect to serbia and spain , if there were another two usa women 's basketball teams , there would most likely be a usa sweep of medals . 
  but that 's not what happens . 
  serbia has one team for 7 million , spain has * one * team for 50 million people , usa has * one * time for 320 million people , and china would have * one * team for 1.4 billion people should they ever field one . 
  the point is that team sports bias the per capita count to lower population countries . 
  yeah because in many sports there is a per country limit on the amount of teams that can play . 
  usa has six times the population of spain , that does n't mean it can send six times as many teams to the basketball tournament . 
  it can only send one . 
  here we go with the per capita statistic ... 
  yep . 
  get rid of 90 % of the team sports since the olympics have a per country limit . 
  exactly , without the eu , they are destined to be a corrupt shithole well into the future . 
  bernie 's not gunna be president . 
  it announced he was suspending his campaign . 
  the `` fix '' involves making your car either less fuel efficient and less powerful . 
  yeah like that mass shooter in norway , who inspired this kid to shoot his cohort . 
  our flags here have been at half-mast for so long during the past month . 
  turkey literally controls russia 's only warm water ports . 
  russia would be glad to have turkey on its side if it means that they do n't have to fear being cut off from the mediterranean . 
  accept or reject it ... 
  there 's 12 countries in the tpp , all with competing interests . 
  you change one section , and it 's back to the negotiating table for everyone . 
  just for example , the tpp , which was secret during negotiations , is fully available online now that everything is set in stone . 
  worst out of three ? 
  he did n't do anything to the bank of england . 
  he is just notable cause he made a ton of money by betting against them . 
  he knew that the bank of england could n't afford to keep the pound at the set exchange rate , because of interest rate differentials . 
  this is basic economics . 
  he called their bluff . 
  and so it begins, 
  you know the other countries will drag their feet approving the uk for schnegen . 
  no way this will be an amicable divorce . 
  the minister doth protest too much , methinks, 
  cue `` this video is so wrong '' due to one minor border error . 
  sounds crazy , but the united states would have turned out alot differently since many states would have just opt to be their own country instead of joining . 
  arent businesses and consumers subject to vat ? 
  a tornado will destroy a concrete house as well . 
  so if you are hit with a tornado , you are shit out of luck regardless of the material you choose, 
  are you by the lake ? 
  japan definitely should be president . 
  their debt to gdp is 200 + %, 
  that 's true , but then an open record like that makes it easy to sell your vote and prove it . 
  they wo n't do anything because those same national governments do the same level of hacking . 
  a good communicator is essential to being a good leader . 
  hawkins is basically saying corbyn is a poor communicator for his party 's platform . 
  another poster with a questionable comment history telling everyone to `` move along , nothing to see here ... '', 
  for the germans , pineapple tastes great on hamburgers, 
  the reason why hamon is so low is because he 's from the same party as hollande , not due to some conspiracy among the elites . 
  always find it weird that people on this site want politicians to swear to defend the constitution by swearing on the constitution . 
  that 's just not how swearing on something works . 
  are you serious with banning the hijab ? 
  because they serve the same role as the long skirt even though the two originated from different cultures . 
  basically , women have traditionally covered up their legs ( with skirts ) because exposed legs were deemed too sexual by men . 
  same thing with the hijab and hair in islamic culture . 
  nowadays , people wear skirts * by choice * for many reasons ( including modesty ) just like many muslim woman wear hijabs . 
  let 's ban long skirts while we 're at it too since the same forces that make women wear hijabs make women feel uncomfortable in short skirts . 
  just to be clear we 're talking about the same thing . 
  the rock looks nothing like stonehenge . 
  the only thing in common it has with stone henge is that it 's a calendar sundial . 
  it 's actually a lot more discreet than stonehenge . 
  people probably passed it thousands of times , but did n't appreciate the archaeological significance since it appears like a natural formation . 
  same with the us . 
  there are even some places in the south without running water . 
  in this hypothetical scenario , finland snags back karelia and takes st petersburg as payment for the eighty year lease . 
  how does the us have the power to stop it ? 
  the porn is blurry but the sexual deviancy tho ... 
  he 's probably talking about the eggs and pepes on twitter, 
  one times square too [ before ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vpildur.jpg ) and [ after ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hnq7jyh.jpg ) although , i suppose it does n't matter anymore since that building is covered in billboards . 
  2100 is 83 years from now . 
  that 's plenty of time to build the industry, 
  dick me down daddy, 
  i remember when / r/hillaryclinton did that .
