  event organizers paid over $ 10,000 for security of the event . 
  needless to say , their main concerns were gunfire/bomb , not rioting . 
  they had an incredibly strong navy , so they dominated the seas . 
  that is really convenient when you are shuffling resources to and from your colonies . 
  on a similar note , great britain gave the united states so many emerging technologies ( radar , for example ), 
  because that 's exactly how immigrants is defined . 
  first , really , abercrombie and fitch ? 
  that clothing retailer has n't been relevant in five years . 
  i guess being wealthy does n't automatically give someone good fashion sense . 
  second , why go to williamsburg if you hate hipsters ? 
  that 's like ordering a pizza when you hate cheese . 
  what is with german inclination towards south america ? 
  france spies on germany , and germany spies on france , shocking ... not exactly . 
  not exactly shocking , considering that france does the same to the us . 
  god i hope not . 
  i 'd be damned if estonia gets puts in the same league as mississippi . 
  nope , you are still reading it wrong . 
  what this means is that netherlands 's workers are just as productive as those from the united states on an hourly basis . 
  however , since american workers work more hours , they produce much more gdp than their netherlands counterparts . 
  the statistic you 're talking about would be something like `` total worker product '' and would simply be the gdp/hour multiplied by the yearly hours worked . 
  so us is 74 % correct in regards to heliocentric solar system , whereas the eu is only 66 %, 
  i agree . 
  considering that the american economy is doing better than the eu 's , eu companies have much more to exploit . 
   this means that no country can favor their domestic economy , and if they do then international companies can sue for damages . 
  that does n't sound too bad since that 's the basis of free trade . 
  all companies should be subject to the same rules and regulations . 
  ex : a german automaker operating in germany should n't get a pass on safety standards just because they 're german . 
  neither country claim that land because , if they did , they 'll ruin their claim to another piece of land , which i assume to be more valuable . 
  care to cite the law that google has broken with your reasoning ? 
  just because a company has an advantage in data , intellectual property , and trade secrets does not mean they broke any law . 
  some companies just simply operate better than others . 
  just to expand on that point , if you start forcing companies to give up their advantages to other disadvantaged companies ( cause apparently that / illegal ) , then what particular behavior will you promote ? 
  companies would no longer have any incentive to develop their products in any meaningful way . 
  they 'll stop being able to collect advertising revenue in france . 
   according to the article , what france wants to do is `` to allow companies to see how the algorithm is constructed , so they could be reassured it is n't unfairly biased '' . 
  it is not about releasing the product 's source code !, 
  that does n't make it any better . 
  when people use microsoft 's bing and think the search results are poor , they are n't blaming bing 's source code , but its overall algorithm design . 
  if google releases their search algorithms , then companies like microsoft will adjust their own algorithm design to make it more like google 's, 
  what what reason does the defense industry need these tanks in the first place ? 
  were they in storage just until another country could buy them ? 
  and if so , why does n't germany just sell them directly ? 
  yep , another san francisco start up . 
  is instagram even european ? 
  their wiki says they started , shockingly , in san francisco . 
  there 's a difference between trade surplus and government budget surplus ? 
  last year 's article : http://news.err.ee/v/politics/ef1b2ce1-f604-4aef-9766-7821db2bdea3, 
  if you use a proxy to access american content , this would n't change a thing . 
  it only restricts geoblocking within the eu , so all eu citizens have access to the same content . 
  the restrictions on watching the american version of netflix still applies . 
  i 'm pretty sure the law would n't disable all geoblocking , just geoblocking within the european union . 
  so someone from bulgaria will have the same access to content as italians , but neither person will have the same content than an american has . 
  and yet another one bites the dust . 
  yeah , im the same . 
  i shave it with a razor but leave like an inch just to make it seem like i do n't manscape . 
  typically , only apartments in manhattan command that high of rent . 
  soon , brooklyn will too . 
  federal reserve notes * ( unless you 're talking about us government bonds ), 
  yeah , so were swiss francs . 
  it 's not that we do n't support europe , but european countries should be doing more to contain the threats that directly affects them . 
  it really supports the notion that the american taxpayer is subsidizing european defense when the usa is the only country taking an active role in supporting our eastern european allies . 
  knowing the current crop of politicians in the united states , i 'm convinced lawmakers in general say stupid shit to absolve themselves of any blame nor responsibility . 
  you remind all the americans who circlejerk and shout `` only country to be on the moon !! . '', 
  something you did two + decades ago is n't really relevant today ( especially in regards to cutting edge innovation ) , is it ? 
  that is absolutely bullshit . 
  yes , they have contracts with nasa , but they also have many contracts with many private companies . 
  look at the manifest they have right now through 2017 - it 's very much a mix of government and private contracts . 
  in addition , out of their last ten missions , only four of them were from government entities . 
  us growth is usually slow the first quarter . 
  i think in 2014 and 2015 , the economy actually contracted in the first quarter . 
  trade deals are negotiated in secret and passed with transparency . 
  the complete ttip agreement has been released for months now . 
  everyone knows exactly what is in it . 
  tribunals exist to make sure the venue to settle disputes is independent . 
  it is very hard to do that through eu institutions in a way that gives investors confidence . 
  plus , maybe i 'm misinterpreting you , but regulation negotiations will still be handled by the eu . 
  do they ? 
  czech republic has their embassy in tel aviv , which is a tacit admission of where they think the capital is . 
  what 's the translation of czechia ? 
   im not arguing for shooting it down . . im not sure what a nation should do in this situation , honestly ... but , a country flying dangerously close to a ship like this , seems very unprofessional , it creates unnecessary tension and danger . . 
  the us knows that this is just posturing by russia . 
  they have absolutely no intention of shooting the ship . 
  and if they did , it would be very clear they would be before hand . 
  i mean , there are plenty of insular communities like those in the us ( hasidic jews come to mind ) . 
  but i 'd be wrong if i said i did n't consider them american . 
  the reason why i brought it up was that it seems that by refusing to call him a swede , you 're refusing to acknowledge that everything that made him a radical is a total swedish experience . 
  from my perspective , by denying that , you 're just trying to make yourself feel better and safer , because it 's the easier thing to do than having to confront the reality . 
  if he 's born and raised in sweden , i 'd consider him swedish . 
  eh , i 'd argue the reverse . 
  that it 's against capitalistic principles for germany to sustain high surpluses year after year . 
  now , i 'm not saying that it 's uncapitalistic for germany , while working for its own self interest , to earn so much surplus , but instead that a true capitalistic system would prevent that from happening in the first place . 
  basically , there always should be a reversion to the mean : countries that have surpluses should expect those to go down and that countries that have deficits should also expect those to go down . 
  that is not occurring in the eurozone , in fact the opposite is . 
  the issue is that germany is taking advantage of a devalued currency while simultaneously creating conditions where the currency will continue to be devalued . 
  it 's a divergence that will make germany richer but the rest of the eu poorer . 
  if germany was using the deutschemark , germany 's net exports would never reach that high simply because the deutschemark would become much more expensive and would make germany industry less competitive abroad . 
  so if that 's the case , that germany is making windfalls due to the low value of the euro , you have to ask who is germany pushing that cost to ? 
  to add to that , that would make greek industry on par with germany in terms of competitiveness , because the currency exchange rates will reach an equilibrium that is optimal for both greek and german exports . 
  so yes that is actually a solution . 
  so after i have proven you wrong that european countries are more productive , you now say that leisure time is what we 're arguing about now ?
