  the issue is that these immigrants are refugees , they are economic migrants !, 
  they do n't want to live in tent camps anymore . 
  jeez , did n't realize my arm counted as selfie sticks, 
  yep , we have our own refugee crisis with guatemalans and hondurans . 
  yes , but it was arab spring that led directly to the syrian civil war . 
  yep , arabs have absolutely no agency and are at the whims of whatever america wants . 
  did you forget about arab spring ? 
  that has been , by far , the most destabilizing event for the middle east and far more relevant to syria 's civil war than america . 
  i would n't mind free bbc over here in america . 
  as opposed to gas stations , you can put charging stations literally everywhere . 
  no more spending millions on excavation and sealing gasoline tanks underground or gas transportation services . 
  you can place a charger in any parking lot you wish . 
  it 's fairly inexpensive . 
  nice back handed compliment, 
  switzerland is not in the eu, 
  and racism . 
  do n't forget racism . 
  that 's completely bs if you think everyone in new york is either very poor or very rich . 
  besides , in a city like san francisco , it 's clearly nimbys that keep san francisco from expanding units in the city, 
  `` the fiba letter said : `` the fiba executive committee decided to suspend with immediate effect the russian basketball federation ( rbf ) in view of the fact that the rbf has been unable to resolve longstanding institutional and legal issues * preventing the federation to work under proper conditions and maintain full control and governance in the country * , as proven by the recently published court decision against the rbf . '' '', 
  poland will be a net beneficiary of ez funds, 
  the republican party are war hawks and against the more diplomatic dovish nuclear deal with iran . 
   in turn , italian companies ( which already get worse conditions on loans than german ones , even if they perform the same ) will have considerably higher interest rates on bank loans , which italian companies in particular rely on , which will hurt competitiveness . 
  you 're not looking at the bigger picture . 
  italian companies , with higher overhead , regained their competitiveness when the italian lira weakened . 
  or they could finlexit and devalue / s, 
  i 'm not sure that 's even relevant . 
  hbo offering something like hbonow has nothing to do with geoblocking . 
  which in essence means that germany benefits at the cost of greece . 
  except bankrupt detroit is n't responsible to pay the unemployment and social security for its residents . 
  it also gets money from the federal and state governments for infrastructure , schools , policing and other programs . 
  all things that would have had been even more seriously slashed ( and send detroit to a deeper hell ) if it were n't for a fiscal union . 
  and yet , here we are ... 
  seven years later , watching europe * still * have economic problems resulting from that financial crisis . 
  is it a coincidence that these problems arose after the very first time the euro was tested by a recession ? 
  this makes complete sense . 
  export heavy germany benefits from the euro base since the equivalent deutschmark would be very valuable and would make their exports not competitive . 
  thus , germany gets huge benefits but the costs of those benefits are born from other countries , like greece . 
  nope . 
  there are two non mutually exclusive methods to avoid double taxation . 
  a foreign income exclusion and a foreign tax credit . 
  the exclusion means that any income below roughly 100k is tax free , while the credit reimburses you for foreign income taxes paid , thus you essentially only pay excess american taxes over foreign . 
  however for the credit , there are limitations for how much foreign taxes paid you can claim per year , so you would need to carry forward the unreimbursed taxes every year until you are fully reimbursed . 
  so now people cant push for solutions without someone calling for them to pay for that solution ? 
  so how much is the central bank earning off this insurance policy for the banks ? 
  it 's actually a pretty good article though . 
   imagine how different the political dynamics in europe would have been if the german and french banks had been explicitly bailed out . 
  you sure as hell would n't make it seem like the greek banking system just ran out of money . 
  they were n't broke , they just lost access to their money . 
  no , you have the wrong idea - it is exactly giving everyone a cash grant . 
  after all , they are testing * universal * basic income . 
  note the highlighted phrase in the paragraph below . 
  without any requirements almost surely means without regard to income . 
  so if there are no conditions then everyone is eligible for the basic income . 
  basic income would dismantle other welfare benefits ( like housing , food ) , since they would no longer be necessary to stay out of deep poverty . 
   the experiment , which will last for a year , aims to figure out whether giving people income ** without any requirements ** is harmful to them or the economy , or instead allows people more choice over when and how they work and gives them more time to spend on caring for family , say , or studying . 
  who would want to give new york city their water ? 
  they would have to look pretty far . 
  the ordained ministers of the sacred westboro baptist church will now be forced to perform same sex marriages under this oppressive scotus ruling . 
  nope , he travelled in 2013 , when spain had just made the announcement that they were planning on giving citizenship to sephardic jews . 
  of course the author of the article complains that there were no bureaucratic procedures in place when they made the announcement . 
  this is contradictory , since in a transparent government , an announcement of the law almost always comes before the implementation . 
  sounds just like a divorce . 
  both sides do n't want to claim the car , because then they 'll lose out on the house . 
  but , the car still belongs to someone even though the divorcees do n't necessarily want it . 
  having a `` western '' culture still does n't make them part of europe . 
  it 's like saying chile is european because they have lgbt rights and whatnot . 
  well , that would n't be the first war in the 20th century started by an assassination . 
  i hear belarus has recently and miraculously found a great fishery . 
  oh my , the horror !!!, 
  these businesses are struggling to survive unless we remove those tariffs !, 
  clearly , the `` benefits '' of ttip is about increasing exports , instead , say , intellectual property and removing burdening regulations . 
  in the united states , once non-profits start hoarding alot of cash , their tax exempt status become at stake . 
  oh no , eu has absolutely no agency over itself and follows the commands of its master , usa . 
  facebook made 2 billion off 4.5 billion in revenues last year . 
  they are quite a profitable company with a valid business model . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one knew just how cold the cold war was going to be at the end of ww2 . 
  do you remember the sochi olympics in 2014 ? 
  the reporting was exactly the same !, 
  oh look the olympic rings malfunctioned . 
  let 's talk about that instead of the beautiful display of music and choreography . 
  and that was ( slightly ) before the ( true ) start of the ukraine crisis . 
  why would we look at average temperatures when it 's clearly snowfall that hampers economic activity ? 
  but it is n't winter being winter . 
  if you look at 2012 and 2013 , gdp did n't decline nearly as much as in 2014 or 2015 . 
  a tax on a people who do n't live in the country is an absolute windfall for the government . 
  people pay the taxes but have no power to oppose it . 
  it 's similar to hotel taxes that many cities have . 
  you ca n't be serious ... 
  selling in this context means convincing . 
  yes , the nytimes published an oped about ve day ... on ve day . 
  today i learned !, 
  i 'd imagine us intelligence would look into the guy 's history before potentially wasting time , effort and money . 
  it 's strange that not a single scandinavian country is depicted on this chart since i would expect them to rank quite low . 
  the simple fact is that the united states was n't going to go to war with germany because of poland , a country that was only reestablished two decades before . 
  you ca n't possibly sell that to the american people . 
   the brussels policy makers are also likely to push for legislation to regulate online messaging services like whatsapp , which is owned by facebook , in a fashion similar to competing offerings from the region 's own carriers . 
  how does brussels justify this ? 
  seems like another favor for the telecom companies with no consumer benefit . 
  dafuq is turkey doing in there ?
