   that implies some european countries are more productive . 
  the ones that are more productive are norway , luxembourg , and ireland , which account for 10 million of european union 's 500 , million people . 
  hardly a win . 
   longer hours worked implies less productivity . 
  did you even look at the data ??!, 
  because if you did , you would n't say such blatantly false statements . 
  which is strange because you 're the one who asked for the source and when i give you one , you do n't even care to analyze it , so i 'll break it down for you ... gdp per hour worked , on average , for the us is $ 64 , while , germany 's is $ 58 , and that 's after considering that the average us worker works 30 % more than the average german worker . 
  basically , even though the us workers work 30 % more than german workers , us workers are still 10 % more productive for every hour worked ... 
  [ us productivity is still higher than the vast majority of european countries . 
  ] ( http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=level ) ( last column ) the disparity worsens once you consider than the average american works longer than most europeans . 
  so not only are they more productive , but they work more , thus in total , they make more money . 
  no , people would seem to think that switzerland , sweden and germany are better than swiss/swedish/german think it actually is . 
  i 'd say the uk/spain is the best , since it averages out to exactly what the country thinks . 
  poor switzerland , it 's incredibly misunderstood . 
  the pass was subsequently deactivated . 
  you can say that about all jobs that are dependent on combatting a certain issue . 
  for example , a fireman needs fires to make a living . 
  but it does n't make him unqualified in saying that there should be more code regulations to prevent fires and the spread of them . 
  it 's basically trading refugees . 
  for every refugee that europe sends back , europe has to take in a refugee from turkish soil . 
  for europe , the only benefit of this as opposed to the status quo is that it discourages illegal migration . 
  oh what are you gunna do un ? 
  sanction them with your army ? 
  yeah , exactly , so he supported the war ... 
  remember , the war was n't supposed to take a decade . 
  it was supposed to be quick and easy : depose saddam , rebuild the state politically , sign some agreements and leave . 
  i want to see how obama justifies this deal to the us . 
  he 'll probably mention china or russia to whip up nationalism like he 's doing with the tpp . 
  yeah , as much as i would love to agree with you , that 's not even remotely true . 
  european countries could n't even bomb libya , which is right next door , without relying on the us for logistical and capability support . 
  looks like new york topped texas last year , which i found surprising . 
  basketball, 
  i think they were promised things by their smugglers that simply were n't true, 
  germany will just tell the americans do it and send them the key points . 
  this makes sense since the current policy fucks over italy and greece as they are the few countries that border unstable regions . 
  northern countries like denmark or belgium would n't be obligated to accept any refugee since they both border safe countries . 
  but knowing the eu , if this passes , this would just become another tool to deal with the refugee crisis without taking any meaningful step to solve it or stem the flow . 
  i 'm not sure but the us may still have non nuclear relations sanctions on iran, 
  yeah , but it was appropriate when that country was itself being hostile with nuclear weapons ambitions . 
  well , you 're using the united states no2 emissions , but we know that diesel car are n't that big in the usa . 
  however , if you look at a european city , where diesel cars are more popular , the percentage of no2 emissions that come from transportation is alot higher . 
  instead of being 5 % , it 's almost 63 % http://content.tfl.gov.uk/transport-emissions-roadmap.pdf ( skip to page 8 ), 
  yeah , diesel engines emit less co2 and co , but neither one of those causes smog . 
  you know what causes smog ? 
  secondary organic aerosols , which includes nitrous oxides . 
  sound familiar ? 
  right , because those are the same compounds that vw polluted forty times the american limit with their diesel cars . 
  oh that makes it even worse then . 
  why would vw push diesel cars when they themselves have the best gasoline engines ? 
  well no shit , diesels are n't that popular in the us because of stricter air standards . 
  every so often i hear paris and other european cities have to close their roads to cars for a day to clear all the smog from diesel pollutants . 
  no thank you , i would not want that . 
  if vw wants to cater to the american market they should have just focused on perfecting a gasoline engine like every other foreign car maker here . 
  instead , vw wanted to cut costs and now it will cost them . 
  what , it what way would the us give up sovereignty like that ? 
  they would not defer this to the eu , when vw violated us standards and sold them to us customers . 
  would the eu defer to the united states if an american company violated european laws ? 
  no , of course not !, 
  ( microsoft comes to mind , btw ) . 
  the eu is irrelevant in the justice department suit or the suit brought by the attorney generals . 
  not sure if you made the connection , but he protested a statue of cecil rhodes , the person who the scholarship is named after . 
  the rhodes scholarship is funded and ran by a trust cecil outlined in his will . 
  so , in effect , he is protesting cecil , while , at the same time , receiving money from him . 
  should we have gotten rid of germany after their collective bad decisions ? 
  yeah , right . 
  if putin has n't cut germany off already after all the sanctions , i doubt he 's so it to turkey . 
  absolutely surprising to no one, 
  i thought them standing on the outside highlights the fact that their coalition that they assembled is a clusterfuck ? 
  no , you misunderstand . 
  the warnings also came * before * the border incursion as in `` i see you approaching me , so you better turn the other direction ... or else '', 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen ... 
  has isis been legally proclaimed an enemy of the state yet ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a ton of non muslims blamed charlie in part for the attack . 
  it was disgusting, 
  this was such a pointless article . 
  stocks go up , stocks go down . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  do n't worry , we do it for everyone . 
  asians , africans , muslims and hispanics . 
  i 'm sure y' all are guilty of doing it to those groups as well . 
  this only works when the people paying for those homes have jobs that can support them . 
  it does n't work when the government is paying for housing and paying for their benefits . 
  it 's a . ae website , enough said . 
  no our intelligence was right but our fucktards of leaders ( bush and cheney ) decided to disregard it and create their own narrative/explanation from the intelligence reports . 
  yeah , safe harbor is `` torn up '' ... for now . 
  it 'll reappear in the tpip , just [ like it appears in the tpp . 
  ] ( http://fedscoop.com/tpp-will-ban-data-localization-laws ) this privacy victory is far from guaranteed . 
  yeah , practically all the texas counties that vote blue , are the hispanic dominated border counties, 
  wow , i did n't realize how `` unsafe '' france was for refugees that they desperately are trying to get to the uk . 
   i do n't expect them to be very successful . 
  do n't fucking make the same mistake we did . 
  i thought / r/the _ donald was a parody sub at first i thought donald trump was a joke candidate, 
  well i was hopeful it would be a good agreement that would benefit both the eu and us in a way that respects regulations , so i never fell for the scare tactic of protesting an agreement that is secret strictly as a negotiating tactic while it 's being written . 
  i did n't hold a strong opinion over it because i wanted to see it first . 
  but yeah , clearly the usa is moving towards isolationism ... 
  tpp , tisa , and tipp are all dead . 
  no president will pass any of them knowing how angry the rust belt is , as shown from this election . 
  just look at how aggressive the justice department has been going after police departments that shoot unarmed men . 
  that 's not how it works at all . 
   or a lumber production company invests in canada because the return of investment is very promising .
