  then we are one more step closer to eradicating isis . 
  i 'm surprised people are making such a big deal out of it . 
  uncertainty caused currency to drop , currency would bounce a little staying below the previous value , exports rise due to weaker currency . 
  wait until it 's time to restock with imports , they 'll be in for a shock when they find out they are more expensive !, 
  i would n't consider this good or bad itself . 
  the pound has dropped in value which makes everything cheaper to buy from amazon.co.uk or go on holidays there . 
  this leads to an increase in sales but it also means imports are more expensive . 
  shops that have to buy their stock from a euro or dollar country will have increased costs . 
  it was an easily foreseeable side effect of the pound dropping . 
  i would have been more surprised if there was n't an increase in sales . 
  edl are extremists ? 
  i thought they were just concerned about immigration and calling them things like extremist was silencing them . 
  now they are no longer required for numbers they can separate themselves from them . 
  boys will be boys, 
  what are they going to do about it ? 
  schism ? 
   citizens bitten what ? 
   use of dog , citizens bitten oh right . 
  ` yes , it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  most people would n't understand it anyway . 
  people like to pretend that lisbon was the exact same treaty repeated twice . 
  similar in ireland , last i saw over 90 % of schools were catholic . 
  people who want to change it are militant atheists who are trying to wipe out christianity . 
  catholic church might be socially conservative . 
  next up , has obama been president of the us for the past few years ? 
  our reports say maybe . 
  either things get cheap or we get amazon.ie . 
  i 'll be happy with either . 
  they were n't fond of eu citizens , do n't think they care about legality . 
  nobody has eu citizenship . 
  you may have citizenship of a country that is within the eu . 
  this would require british people to get citizenship in another eu country like ireland . 
  then they would be an irish citizen and as long as ireland is a member of the eu they will be treated as any other person within the eu . 
  they were poisoned by their enemies . 
  probably trying to keep up with demand since the uk started its nationwide sale . 
  i was expecting a poorly done brexit joke, 
  maybe the ordinary people have had enough of leadership skills . 
  northern ireland requires a lot of money from the rest of the uk to keep it going . 
  would take some time before it was fully integrated into the rest of ireland and would cost a fair bit of money until it does . 
  ireland is n't in a great shape at the moment and still recovering from the last recession . 
  if they said anything other than everything will be fine it was written off as scaremongering . 
  for the irish referendums we voted no the first time , changes were made and we were offered it again . 
  it is called negotiating , due to our constitution we had to have referendums on them instead of our representatives doing everything like it was for the other countries . 
  17 million sounds like a lot . 
  does n't sound as large when you say leave won 52-48 with rounding up . 
  the petition is useless and it 's unlikely there will be another vote but if there was i would be surprised if it had the same results . 
  a lot of the reasons for leaving are coming up as lies and it has been shown nobody actually expected this to happen , nobody thought to put together some plans of what to do . 
  is n't it 6th now ? 
  funny thing is , they do need to be asked if they are sure . 
  there are quite a few people who regret what they have done thinking it would n't happen . 
  i think they should learn from this and live with their decision but there are people who would vote differently now they saw what would happen . 
  dibs their potatoes . 
  all of them, 
  as an engineer i can not take your alphabet seriously . 
  you write in math . 
  sorry , russia already called dibs on you . 
  northern ireland is a black hole for money . 
  the unionists lost their shit over a flag so a lot of policing would be required to maintain peace . 
  some people think that a united ireland would cost a lot and be a lot of hassle so would rather live without it . 
  we let you in before and it did n't end well for us . 
  the british are n't sending their best . 
  with the exchange rate it might need that 10 million to remain the same . 
  in other news amazon sees a surge in sales . 
  that 's a risky click, 
  we have a blasphemy law in ireland . 
  it is made to be difficult to enforce but it had to exist because of something in the constitution and we will need to have a referendum to remove it . 
  usually the amount provided by bi would be similar to what people get on unemployed benefits . 
  enough to afford the bills like rent and food but not enough for holidays , new cars or a nicer place to live . 
  people would need to work if they wanted anything extra from life which most people would . 
  in ireland at least , people could stop working and live on 188 a week if they wanted but only a tiny amount of people do . 
  about 4 % was the lowest our unemployment rate got to and that would include people who may be unable to do a lot of jobs due to health reasons but are n't able to get disability benefits or those who are between jobs . 
  sorry , i assumed a comment on a link was related to the link . 
  uk have been doing this on their own . 
  leaving the eu will just let it continue . 
  did n't her father or the party have some connection or said something positive about the vichy government ? 
  something to do with her father/party and them sounds familiar . 
  why do you think the irish emigrate so much ? 
  we are just waiting for when the time is right . 
  they closed the method of leaving . 
  no more forms , you can only just stop practicing . 
  it is n't just some of the best , it 's over 90 % of the schools are catholic and have a free pass to discriminate . 
  you 're giving the daily mail ideas for stories, 
  anti-globalists love globalism, 
  ah , the irish inventor of whiskey . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  `` they asked me how well i understood theoretical physics . 
  i said i had a theoretical degree in physics . '', 
  do n't speak french , the guys from / r/le _ pen wo n't be able to understand, 
  if you are running on the idea that people in your country need to accept your culture or leave it is a bit hypocritical to then deny to follow the culture in another country . 
  regardless of how shitty it is , it is their culture and if you do n't like it do n't go . 
  but they are one of the entry points of europe from north africa . 
  i just want to see how far down this chain we can go `` but they dont have many men aged 22 with the name john who likes walks on the beach and has a pet ferret '', 
  currently in paris and have been walking around the tourist areas and i feel completely safe . 
  there is noticeable extra security but that 's just letting them quickly look into your bag 9/10 times . 
  just like the nhs, 
  no , of course not . 
  a separatist movement will appear and they will somehow arm themselves to russian military standards . 
  do n't worry , we 've seen what happens when she owes money . 
  she just does n't pay it . 
  with all the money he is supposedly paying for protestors he could have just bought a lot of politicians like every other rich person .
