  true , ignoring it would have been the best option but if there is going to be a response , having the bodyguard take him outside is probably to be avoided . 
  would have been easier to just say no . 
  she also said she wants to take control the the border . 
  that would mean something between ni and roi . 
  ca n't have it both ways . 
  she will probably want to go for the open border but the daily mail crowd wo n't be happy . 
  automod deleted my comment due to link to the dailymail but you can look for headlines like  ' i will solve the migrant crisis ' : new pm theresa may vows to bring back control of british borders and end free movement for eu citizens taking back control of the borders was supposed to be important . 
  having the cta means an open border . 
  immigrants can just walk over that border and set up sharia law zones . 
  the border will be a problem , especially if the uk go for taking back control of them . 
  now that 's a picture i would love to see someone explain how they are just anti immigration and not neo-nazis, 
  the person said if it is not coming from the east it is flanking , it could also be seen as that the person attacking from that direction is called flanking . 
  long term thinking and consequences of actions are n't really taken into account . 
  this is a country which wants to send a bill to one of their border countries while attempt to damage their ability to pay said bill . 
  sure , assuming that the uk government provides all the money that will be lost from eu and foreign companies . 
  being done by british people is n't exactly the top thing i look for when citing a paper but i can start . 
  last time i looked at / r/le _ pen about a third of the front page was irish ( or `` irish '' ) white supremacists so i find this easy to believe . 
  the plan on following the philippines model for drug addicts . 
  that would be fellow employees . 
  she must not like a lot of her online supporters . 
  most of them only speak english !, 
  i actually think the uk will get a good deal from him . 
  if the uk fails to get a good deal after leaving the eu then interest in leaving will drop in other countries . 
  if the uk gets everything it wants and things even get better , then other countries might consider it . 
  dealing with individual countries instead of the eu gets the us more power . 
  plus it makes putin happy . 
  ireland is the same , we just let women go to england to have an abortion so we can pretend we are pure . 
  i would rather be scotland than northern ireland . 
  at least they will remember scotland is a apart of the country . 
  i did n't know . de is available in english . 
  on the other hand the british keep tanking their currency so it is usually cheaper to buy from . co.uk . 
  i did n't know brexit will cause even distribution of wealth globally . 
  did he stop acting like a 12 year old girl on twitter when he got elected ? 
  did he gain the ability to form a full sentence without getting distracted ? 
  if not , then plenty of us are still laughing . 
  laughed ? 
  when did we stop ? 
  originally people were writing articles to get clicks and money from ads . 
  the stories were bullshit but got shared and people would read them so people would make more for the ad revenue . 
  some people then started referring to news they did n't like as fake news . 
  there are also articles which are being made up for political reasons rather than just making money . 
  the river has enough pollution already, 
  tell them mexico and they 'll probably believe it . 
  it did . 
  but the country is so large they have different accents in alabama and brooklyn . 
  you just do n't get that kind of diversity in europe . 
  no , we are not . 
  you are making up a new meaning to my comments and ignoring me when i say that is not what i meant . 
  you are unable to separate the far-right and anti-immigration and wo n't accept that i mean them as two different groups . 
  why do you refuse to accept that what you think i am saying is different despite multiple attempts to correct you ? 
  when you are done acting like the `` did you just assume my gender ? '', 
  crowd let us know . 
  i was talking about the far-right . 
  far-right f a r \\ - r i g h t i put it into google translate so i hope this is right . 
  we are looking at an article that is surprised that gay and jewish people are voting far right . 
  why would this article exist if the far-right were leading gay pride parades ? 
  from the article if you bothered to read it  yet their support serves an important purpose for the populist right in france , the netherlands , austria , and beyond , who are attempting to scrub away claims of racism , and often their anti-semitic , homophobic histories . 
  because the far right tends to include that ? 
  i did n't say anything about only anti-immigration . 
  are there many pro lgbt and non anti-semitic far right parties ? 
  most of the ones i 've encountered are either those or at the very least a large part of their supporters are . 
  voting for the same people with the views closest to those you do n't want in the country seems counter productive . 
  it snowed for less than a minute . 
  if you did n't happen to be outside at the time ( or in the west ) you would have missed it . 
  a guy on 4chan said someone ( think it was a journalist ) believed him about some bullshit story about trump a few months ago . 
  they are assuming that the story is the one that has been released . 
  there is a bit of a leap in logic . 
  they do n't specify what the guy on 4chan said to the journalist . 
  they were in a group with ukip but had to find new playmates . 
  they are n't paying the eu , you pay the journal owners money . 
  the research is already being shared . 
  you patent it if you do n't want people using it to make money . 
  who do they want to piss off more ? 
  the control our borders crowd or the irish nationalist crowd ? 
  britain first and ira 5v5 to solve it . 
  the fact that this is a question that was n't answered long ago is really high lightening how much thought was put into this entire thing . 
  that explains why my girlfriend started smirking when i mentioned it , she thought i should learn about it myself . 
  this does raise some questions about her though, 
  oh well , this will work too . 
  at least they have n't resorted to having everyone carry a gun . 
  may : do n't worry lads , i 'll fix that * tears out page containing limit *, 
  i think it was less than 80k who speak irish daily according to the last census in 2011 . 
  there are a lot of people who claim to speak irish on the census but they would be unable to hold a conversation and are assuming they speak it due to studying the language in school . 
  look at all those british people looking for irish passports . 
  better go and save them by annexing britain and starting an irish empire . 
  boston can be next . 
  `` scotland has been released into the wild . 
  `` uk has changed it 's name to ` fsdfsdfscvfdhgdfnd@dsgsdf' '', 
  i can see r/the _ donald already `` trump has brought back 70 jobs to the us from russia !, 
  total now at 60 cajillion '', 
  you ca n't call them neo-nazis , they just want to discuss immigration !, 
  they would n't have to act like scum if we just gave them what they want . 
  on the plus side they will get to be right when things swing back , say anything against the government 's immigration policies ? 
  off to the education camp now you gave your government absolute power with nothing to keep it in check . 
  europe is both a homogeneous white area for all the good things and one big shakira law no go zone full of muslims for all the bad . 
  the uk has a state religion . 
  church of england i think . 
  politicians tend to be older , each generation is becoming less religious . 
  my grandparents are religious , my parents went along with it with baptisms , church weddings but would only attend mass at christmas , i 've been baptised but take no part in it and my children wo n't even be baptised . 
  give it 20-30 years and we 'll see more atheists or non religious people leading the country .
