https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei4ogkvlzie spain has interesting tastes, 
  he remembered that he just lead a vote that cost him his last job so is sending out his cv . 
  there 's a polandball chart for this . 
  poor little russia , always being bullied by the rest of the world . 
  us is now saying the russians are fine , why would we need to protect ourselves from them ? 
  it 's not like the new president is some sort of puppet who would lie to us . 
  seems a bit strange . 
  been hearing about the evils of globalisation from the uk and us and yet they come up with this . 
  yup , ireland has sent their military to quite a few places for piecekeeping . 
  there 's even a film on netflix about one of them . 
  i agree . 
  i think if we want other countries to help defend us we should be ready to help defend them . 
  as long as we wo n't have america asking the eu army to join them in iran , syria or wherever they decide next and the army is used for defense , disaster relief etc then i 'm all for it . 
  i agree , bernie was up against someone who could n't even beat trump . 
  clinton is hated so people would n't have been putting much pressure on sanders and we do n't know what could have come up . 
  as someone who has lived in america for some time , i really ca n't see a lot of his policies being popular . 
  if someone can abuse the system then there will be a large group against it , it does n't matter if it helped 10 times more . 
  a major problem appears to be that when people do n't like what they are hearing they will ignore it . 
  it does n't matter what the facts or experts say , if they want to build a bridge out of paper that 's what they are going to do . 
  the engineer is out to get them if he says that is a bad idea . 
  on the plus side the euro has never looked better . 
  will he gather all the people then get out while he can this time as well ? 
  we get bbc ni in a lot of the country . 
  might get something else on the east coast . 
  do n't think they do a lot of local programming for the ni version . 
  been ages since i watched it though so ca n't remember much . 
  robot wars was on at around 6 last i watched tv . 
  not in ireland . 
  our traditional halloween would have been very pagan anyway . 
  sorry , worded it in a way that comes across as me being harsh towards you . 
  i meant it is a general you , not you specifically . 
  if you want to be part of the single market then yes . 
  or you can be one of the deluded who think that the eu will give the great british empire whatever they want . 
  let 's try . 
  ukraine was invaded by russia and mh17 was shot down by separatists with weapons provided by russia . 
  now we wait . 
  this is me , i do n't really care either way and i can see why a business would want to be able to provide its service to as many people as possible . 
  i could be convinced otherwise if halal slaughter was found to be done in a cruel manner but information i hear is often biased as the people complaining about halal slaughter have only suddenly become concerned about animal rights when its muslims involved . 
  is that normal ? 
  ireland does n't have a far right party either . 
  there have been attempts but they end in failure due to those involved going full retard . 
  we 're swapping mexico with britain . 
  britain will become north america and mexico will become a part of europe . 
  no , it 's those northern irish ships that have difficulty with that . 
   he never practiced as an adult . 
  sounds about right . 
   there will only be salt and vinegar . 
  would love some chips right now . 
  shame uk wants rid of the kebab places , the one next door to me does great chips . 
  the happy meals could get toys to promote catholicism . 
  for example , crucify your own jesus !, 
  ( not suitable for children under the age of 3 ), 
  you put r/imgoingtohellforthis to shame . 
  you can be charged with a crime if you go abroad for an abortion ? 
  in ireland abortion tourism is a popular activity and people against abortion just shrug their shoulders and say there 's nothing we can do about women going elsewhere . 
  those 5 year olds are really threatening . 
  is n't that exactly what he wants ? 
  france keeping french culture . 
  i 'm sure the french love that foreigners are getting into fights and taking up beds in their hospitals . 
  what would happen if one of those britain first or pegda patrols came across this ? 
  i know bf prefer shooting people in the face but it would probably confuse them a bit . 
  not sure about undergrads but there was already some concern over research students . 
  half of my lab is foreign , two thirds of the foreign students are from outside of the eu . 
  do n't worry , we 'll have an article next week about amazon having record sales . 
  i just wish they could keep this up until i do my christmas shopping . 
  popcorn time is torrenting . 
  it just allows you to watch the movie as it downloads and you still share the file . 
  with streaming you are just downloading the file from the host and are n't sharing it . 
  some countries like germany will fine for it . 
  as an irish person :(, 
  no idea what you 're talking about , never mentioned working class . 
  this is what i was thinking , it 's the stereotypical chav that says th as f. 
  well a lot of the people wanted sovereignty and to control immigration . 
  anything other than a hard brexit will annoy many of those who voted for it . 
  you mean when they get stolen by finnish russian separatists right ? 
  you ` avin a giggle m8 ? 
  i would also assume that there would be differences between the two . 
  i 'm expecting we 'll just pretend this is the same as the lisbon treaty where the poor irish were forced to vote for it , somehow . 
  most people support the idea of women being allowed to have an abortion in cases such as rape of ffa . 
  we have had 4 ( might be 5 ) referendums on the matter . 
  since the original referendum each referendum that passed ( right to information and to travel ) were to loosen up the laws , those that failed were to tighten them ( no abortion if you are suicidal and i think another one ) . 
  the result in a referendum will depend on what it will be replaced with . 
  of course you 'll still have the usual crowd that will create wild situations that are illegal in most of the world . 
  the general idea is that another wrong wo n't make it right . 
  it wo n't unrape the woman so why do you want to kill a child . 
  not my view but live in ireland so i 've heard pretty much every argument at this point for all sorts of situations . 
  have already existed in northern ireland . 
  pretty sure they built some sort of museum at the giants causeway for it or some other equally stupid crap . 
  put it on ireland , then britain will want to keep it defended as well . 
  before someone puts together an essay on why it 's a bad idea , i 'm not being serious . 
  when the uk does n't enter its new renaissance and most people 's lives are the exact same as before they will find something else to blame and rally people against it . 
  do they know what else is unsafe ? 
  diseases we vaccinate against . 
  i would n't go as far to expect same sex marriages taking place in catholic churches but unless he starts telling catholic groups that they should n't be trying to prevent gay people being treated as equals ( such as same sex civil marriage ) then it is just empty words . 
  people seem to love this pope because of what he says but i have n't seen much actually changing in the actions of the organisation . 
  let 's not . 
  why not both ? 
  ireland has access to the eu market , without that a company has one less ( pretty major ) reason to stay in ireland . 
  i do n't see why we should look to those islamic shithole countries for inspiration . 
  next we need to ban beards .
