  he funded the brits during the famine . 
  who do you think was buying all the food ? 
  maybe it 's refugee laundering . 
  their experience will be a bit limited . 
  drink pepsi !, 
  coke is a soros funded campaign that uses chemicals to make you like immigrants . 
   the dup 's central role in brexit negotiations as part of its relationship with the tories should facilitate strong cooperation across ireland . 
  rich guy who controls everything bad that happens in the universe from what i 've read . 
  milk sour ? 
  coffee cold ? 
  he did it all . 
  is there much active campaigning against it ? 
  here it did n't really pick up until the referendum was announced which left plenty of time , in this case the announcement does n't leave much time . 
  the arguments used in order of popularity with the first being the main point by a large margin were : 1 . 
  children need to have a mother and a father - at the time only a single person or married couple could adopt which meant that a same sex couple could n't adopt , one member of the couple could adopt but the partner would have no legal connection to the child . 
  so the argument was that a gay couple could then adopt a child if they were married . 
  during this time the government were preparing legislation that would mean an unmarried couple couple adopt as a couple . 
  the definition of marriage - this ranged from let them have the same rights under civil partnerships to civil partnerships are enough . 
  some said marriage is between a man and a woman , some said it is for procreation so couples who ca n't procreate should n't be married , some said marriage is whatever christianity defined it as . 
  unforeseen consequences - bad stuff might happen that nobody expected . 
  [ an example of some of the posters put up ] ( http://www.familylaw.co.uk/uploads/redactor_assets/pictures/2937/ireland_same-sex_marriage_referendum.jpg ) ended up a bit long but wanted to try and give as unbiased answer as possible . 
  the groups campaigning against it were religious groups that were unhappy with civil partnerships too so i think they worked back from the conclusion that same sex marriage must be bad . 
  they miss out on all the fun , we had to listen to plenty `` debate '' for months, 
  sounds like they are integrating perfectly . 
  going by the first image the daily mail has resorted to plagiarising a certain subreddit . 
  that surprised me , i would have thought there would be some regulations around preventing pillows going up in flames quicker than a british apartment building . 
  not knowing french is fine at work , outside of work is where the fun begins . 
  i know a tiny bit of french so had fun speaking random words at each other with gestures until we figured out a word we could both understand . 
  after the marriage referendum i have low expectations of what gets made up about this one . 
  who 's laughing now ? 
  we are nigel , we are . 
  the polish death camps were tremendous , despite merkel and the eu attempts to ruin them . 
  the courts say , i 'll tell you what they say , they say i ca n't implement a muslim ban . 
  they say it goes against a constipation . 
  ask my doctor , i am super healthy , believe me , very regular . 
  our belgium wall will bigly , so will our asswitch . 
  might be smarter for sf to hold off . 
  whoever is in charge gets to deal with brexit , letting the dup and tories take the heat for now might be the best thing for them . 
  one downside could be direct rule . 
  currently the dup and sf wo n't come to an agreement for governing ni so we could see westminster taking over . 
  dup may be getting to be in a position of power in ni regardless . 
  the uk is trying to sort its shit out so it can go to the eu with a clear plan . 
  i would say trying is the key word but i ca n't really say the tories were trying to do anything but lose . 
  got a bit worried there for a second , had to read it twice . 
  carry on . 
  you know the most insane parts of the american republican party ? 
  like them except with a union jack and hatred for anything that looks remotely irish . 
  a better work life balance probably . 
  at least when comparing it to the us . 
  brexit was n't * that * bad, 
  last year : look at how much money we 'll have !, 
  this year : no , no money here . 
  indicators are n't much use in indian traffic , bmw drivers will fit in fine . 
  looks like pence was given tagging duty . 
  we should be thankful that they are paying this time . 
  thank you glorious british empire !, 
  i got a text saying my rate is dropping from 1.01 / mb to 0.0092 / mb it was insane how much they were charging . 
  uk is just slightly below where it says panel a on the left . 
  nooo , ireland will never win again without their easy points . 
  out politics are going to seem so boring . 
  we 'll have to rent someone to make memes and emails . 
  fn without a le pen ? 
  does that mean oblivion gates will open up across france or has marine retaken the mantle ? 
  phew . 
  was worried that my eugenics hobby would be frowned upon , good thing i 'm against circumcision and only put yogurt in my mouth . 
  ca n't believe doctors are kept as slaves forced to provide labour !, 
  this is why macron won . 
  netherlands , austria , now france , soon germany . 
  they got trump and brexit , looking like they are the exception rather than the norm . 
  * unfurls the union jack and presses play on god save the queen *, 
  somehow the lepens are n't already part of the elite . 
  the emails have the best encryption possible against the like of / r/the _ donald . 
  they 're in a language that is n't english . 
  le grill ? 
  irish nationalism is bad guys , oh yeah , remember that time you became independent ? 
  probably best to move away from the anglosphere as it has its phase . 
  once they calm down and start behaving like adults again we 'll talk . 
  well where was he during 9/11 ? 
  just looks suspicious to me . 
  looks good to me . 
  i 'm impressed they finally figured out he is n't melenchon . 
  there was awhile when they where using melenchons policies against macron . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  surely the great and powerful empire can stop buying french wine or italian cars and bring this union of european countries to its knees . 
  the good friday agreement exists , some form of plan needs to exist in the case there is a vote . 
  they wo n't be british anymore so ca n't expect them to accept a green , white , and orange reunification . 
   anti-globalists win the troika and take power in three of the g5 nations huh  anti-globalist  take power in three of the g5 nations a fascinating bunch of people . 
  at what point can we stop pretending that turkey had any chance of joining the eu ? 
  what misinformation do you think would cause that in europe ? 
  it may be a trump joke except with the vocabulary above the ability of a three year old/president of the united states . 
  prediction , reading a poll on / r/europe . 
  same thing . 
  if only he learnt that trick a few days ago . 
  that 's not how polls work . 
  damn mexicans voting twice . 
  you have a 33 % chance of getting a 1 or a 6 when you roll a dice . 
  if you get a 1 or a 6 am i wrong ? 
  i 'm saying you are more likely to get a 2,3,4,5 ( clinton winning ) than you are to get a 1 or a 6 ( trump winning ) . 
  the less likely outcome happening does n't change that . 
  i 'm sure this will be taken as some sort of major victory for her but looking at everyone else who ran in 2012 we see that she won the participation trophy .
