  except maybe america . 
  i 've noticed more people who think apple should be paying more taxes . 
  there are also those who think taxing as low as possible is a good thing because it creates jobs and then the extra employment makes up for the lost tax . 
  i do n't see funneling profits creating a lot of jobs though . 
  i do think that the whole pay royalties so it looks like you make no profit is bullshit and needs to be clamped down . 
  money made in a country should be taxed in that country . 
  he must have seen that video about early votes and thought to try it out with his own videos . 
  record turn out . 
  there are dozens who support them , dozens !, 
  * sweats nervously *, 
  i find myself left scratching my head when it comes to uk immigration . 
  people want to reduce immigration , ok , i imagine they would prefer immigrants to be from the eu and educated . 
  nope . 
  ireland is very popular for pakistanis , or at least my college is . 
   he added that the agreement should `` guarantee open land borders and sea boundaries , support cross-border trade and preserve eu funding for cross-border projects '' . 
  oh no , the citizens of the uk have decided they want control of their borders . 
  it is time to control them . 
  did they forget their only land border had a bit of a history behind it and would be complex to deal with ? 
  you have high hopes for le pen, 
  eu , trump , now the middle east . 
  does he just really hate working with british people ? 
  he is always trying to get away from them . 
  have a few people and countries saying we should only be taking in christians . 
  if you are going to leave islam might as well go for the one with the best chances . 
   so what was the incident monday ? 
  was the retaliation justified ? 
  that should be up to the reader . 
  if they are interested in what happened on monday they should go find out and then can draw their own conclusion instead of waiting for someone who says something that feels right to them as we see in the us news . 
  never seen a bear in ireland . 
  think the bear tax is doing a good job . 
  ah yes , the old they need to integrate but let 's prevent them from integrating method . 
  will this include people from eu countries ? 
  there is a good chance i 'll end up working in france in the next 2-3 years , will i pay reduced taxes as well for the reduced services i 'm getting ? 
  when you 're scaring away the educated , well paid immigrants you may end up with a problem . 
  i look forward to the vote in march to delay triggering a50 because they are still trying to decide on how they want their brexit ; hard , soft , scrambled , maybe with toast . 
  nobody is dumb enough to run a smear campaign against him . 
  just let him act in his natural environment . 
  that would be a hypothesis which are what most people would refer to as a theory in an everyday situation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypothesis in your case you have a hypothesis about time . 
  you could do some studies and if it looks like you might be right then it becomes a working hypothesis as there is a little more backing it but it requires more research . 
  if a lot of researchers look into it , do various tests etc and find that the hypothesis is correct then it might become a scientific theory . 
  it is difficult to say something is 100 % definitely true . 
  it is usually more like that this is true based on everything we know . 
  new things might be discovered later that explains that x might not be the cause but y despite x and y being connected . 
   a scientific theory is a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world that is acquired through the scientific method and repeatedly tested and confirmed , preferably using a written , pre-defined , protocol of observations and experiments . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] scientific theories are the most reliable , rigorous , and comprehensive form of scientific knowledge . 
  [ 3 ]  it is important to note that the definition of a `` scientific theory '' ( often ambiguously contracted to `` theory '' for the sake of brevity , including in this page ) as used in the disciplines of science is significantly different from , and in contrast to , the common vernacular usage of the word `` theory '' . 
  as used in everyday non-scientific speech , `` theory '' implies that something is an unsubstantiated and speculative guess , conjecture , idea , or , hypothesis ; [ 4 ] such a usage is the opposite of the word ` theory ' in science . 
  these different usages are comparable to the differing , and often opposing , usages of the term `` prediction '' in science ( less ambiguously called a `` scientific prediction '' ) versus `` prediction '' in vernacular speech , denoting a mere hope . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientific_theory tl ; dr a theory in science is different to what most people view as a theory , instead a theory is an idea with a lot of evidence backing it . 
   should n't national/european values be promoted or defended ? 
  that would really depend . 
  going down to a smaller level and talking about ireland we can look to the recent past and see some values that are no longer around . 
  if a woman got pregnant outside of marriage it was seen as an awful thing and women could be sent to a laundry and her child taken away from her . 
  when a woman got married she would have to quit her job if she worked in the public sector ( think it was public sector anyway ) . 
  these were based on irish values , should they have been promoted and kept around because they were irish values ? 
  if a country practices child marriages should we applaud them for promoting their values even when it is in their own country ? 
  moving on to some nicer irish values like music , language , or sport it should be promoted but it should also be voluntary . 
  a person should n't be considered less irish for not playing an irish sport and instead does karate . 
  a japanese person should also be welcome to learn irish or open up a karate club . 
  cultures , values , traditions etc should be natural things that survive because people follow them , not forced on people to follow and new ones should n't be shunned . 
  they could just do what they did in ireland . 
  shift their assets around and claim to be too poor to pay anything . 
  that 's a pretty standard rate for young people . 
  in ireland during the boom we had full employment but for under 25s it was twice the rate for everyone . 
  i do n't know why funds is an issue . 
  the uk is keeping all that money it sends to the eu . 
  the eu for how they are `` punishing '' the uk by looking out for its own interests before the uk 's . 
  there 's always the immigrants as well , with a reduction in white europeans they 'll still have pakistanis and indians . 
  it is n't just mexico sending their worst !, 
  the people laughing at fox are n't the same people who read breitbart . 
  we were too busy trying not to starve to really focus on making food for taste . 
  better than having no potatoes :(, 
  i do n't know if that would work out too well . 
  may end up with something like this http://www.wikihow.com/remove-a-stuck-tongue-from-a-frozen-surface, 
  you are saying that people were calling for a major political change despite having no idea how they would do it ? 
  they supported it , being clueless is there own fault . 
  at least one of those people was someone who was actually in a position to implement the plan as they were part of the same group as boris johnson . 
  maybe it was just boris being boris but you would think he would have brought it up or show any sort of sign that they have an idea of what they are doing . 
  i 'm amazed that nobody sat down at some point before the referendum and thought they should put some form of plan together . 
  then there 's the people who voted to leave the eu while have no idea what would happen with anything ranging from i ca n't believe it 's not eu membership to becoming the european north korea . 
  i think we 'll pass on the sovereignty , thanks . 
  * opens new incognito tab and takes out a banana which meets eu regulations *, 
  so i am not insane thinking half of the people i meet in guild wars are dutch, 
  you can learn it through tough thorough thought though . 
  a lot of people are ignoring that the plan is for 2 % spending and was already in place . 
  not everyone is expected to hit 2 % immediately and as can be seen in your chart it is being worked on . 
  even with 2 % from each country it will still dwarf in comparison to bigger countries . 
  i 'm sure people will still continue to complain . 
  they said brexit , ~ ~ wilders ~ ~ , trump , ~ ~ lepen ~ ~ , ~ ~ hoofer ~ ~ did n't have a chance either !, 
  i think it is a bit early to say brexit has gone wrong . 
  it 's not going great but it could surprise us by the people involved becoming competent . 
  i would fit in these statistics for ireland . 
  even on this thread we have someone who thinks people like us are involved in destroying our culture , the same people then wonder why we are n't excited to join them . 
  nah , this one was cheap and useful . 
  never got that level of service , only over the top , clearly fake friendliness . 
  that 's why he has to imagine it . 
  they feel the same as normal euro notes . 
  i have one but with a napoleon theme . 
  they usually have coins as well which are similar to a large 50 cent coin .
