  took me 5 days of casual play . 
  some discussion going on [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/somethingimade/comments/25mc9j/balcony_seating/ ) if you are interested , 
  nvidia is so much better optimised for gw2 than amd , so it 's a wise choice !, 
  in rs , it was big honor to get chosen so no one really abused it . 
  and if so , the mutes were checked by staff too so they could put the player moderator status away from the player pretty quickly . 
  well how about a limit of , i do n't know , 5 mutes/hour ? 
  well , as i said `` they must also have a secure account . '', 
  two-factor authentication required . 
  and for the second one , how many trustworthy players would quit the game muting everyone they see ? 
  i think that would be extremely rare . 
  i 'm not saying anet would have less work thanks to this . 
  mutes worked the exact same way as reports , classic players send report , moderators send report + mute , the number of reports do n't increases . 
  if player moderator mutes ( effective immediately ) a player , anet will take a look at it , and if it 's a gold seller , then they will ban his account . 
  if it was a normal player , it would take several hours to get rid of the gold seller . 
  i 'm just saying that this is a solution for gold spammers . 
  and it 's cooking right ? 
  too bad only hooters is in my country and they do n't offer free food on birthday :(, 
  it 's never enough !, 
  mod looks great , but how does it work really ? 
  if i build 1 direction road , the cars do n't mind the direction arrows and go opposite way . 
  are you from the consortium ? 
  it 's third time in this month i see it on here ... 
  this jumping puzzle is matter of 2 minutes . 
  but i hope you find someone . . 
  i believe there 's a lot people left who have n't done that . 
  ctrl + t on commander + teamspeak and you 're ok . 
  molten fractal ; thaumanova fractal ; molten boss fractal ; mai trin boss fractal ; aetherblade fractal ; aetherblade path in twilight arbor ; wurm boss ; tequatl boss ; southsun cove with karka queen ; you can revisit some ls locations like that village in lornar 's pass or that place in diessa plateau or dead end or even post-apocalyptic la ( some interesting dialogues ) ; not so secret jumping puzzle ; edge of the mist wvw map ; toxic offshoot events etc, 
  i do n't believe your post . 
  it almost looks like everyone but me hates skyhammer . 
  seariously guys . . shell we stop already ? 
  since it 's like 90 % old content i believe there wo n't be any delays . 
  i would expect it in around 8pm gmt . 
  it 's okay . 
  if you created this hour hour before patch the discussion would be much shorter . 
  yeah this . 
  watch some youtube videos and if you remember them make a note that you 've done that . 
  if you are not sure make a note and leave them at the end . 
  if you do n't recall them then do them . 
  if you can open explorable then you have story already . 
  that 's how i got my dungeon master . 
  tyragon is right , come on , do n't be a beach !, 
   the great jungle wurm in caledon forest no longer does full damage to itself from reflected projectile attacks . 
  a certain number of the projectiles are no longer reflectable . 
  thanks !, 
  those asuras look sad :(, 
  uhm . . can i do something similar with avatar of melandru , hounds of balthazar or reaper of grenth ? 
  here you go , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qqcd5inji8 ) is the cutscene . 
  zero . 
  i even got the game for free . 
  i got pretty lucky too when i was on a journey to sunrise . 
  i started by getting dawn from daily forge  congratulations on your twiight btw !, 
  you can keep the holiday mats , why you ca n't keep tokens for the next year ? 
  i would take that submarine from some penguin quest . 
  i would rather have them sitting for a year in wallet than in inventory/bank ... 
  best remote app ever . 
  basically no lag or delay ( i could play guild wars 2 pvp with it ) . 
  yeah but i had lags on teamviewer . 
  i guess this app is way better optimised . 
  well i am only excited for dragon ball . 
  i do n't remember any other dragon bash content except for this activity and bashing pi\u00f1atas ... 
  there 's sab-themed llama finisher in gemstore too . 
  so like now we have crown 's pavilion + labyrinthine cliffs , we might have dragon bash + super adventure box . 
  you spelled g wrong . 
  oh man i do n't want to downvote ever again on this subreddit !, 
  `` oh man , we ca n't have a single dragon bash festival without an enemy attack ! '', 
  i found out that many people do n't know that you can also wp by double click ( missing the confirmation window ) which is extremely needed/useful in wvw . 
  ^ this please . 
  i want a mod where you can build maglev station in the megatower !, 
  damn that 's a good catchy song . 
  do not try to do the same thing with a socket . 
  or you could just . . you know . . buy a belt at primark for # 1 . 
  it 's not a bad guide for making yourself a belt but it is not a lifehack . 
  great shots !, 
  but i would name it labyrinthine cliffs , since zephyr sanctum is only on the last picture , 
  will reddit even exist in 2024 ? 
  well i 'm gon na get 250 tickets . . so maybe 2 hero 's weapons for my wardrobe or just few thimbles of liquid wxp ... 
  wooo !, 
  she reminds me of taimi  so cute, 
  dragon bash and sab please . 
  the guide is really cool and good , but i think that / r/lifehacks is not where it belongs . 
  reminds me of a companion cube !, 
  sweet !, 
  you have to be the instance creator ( not party creator ) to be able to kick the entire group . 
  so only creating your party changes nothing , 
  one physical action per key press ? 
  i have an idea how to `` automatize '' this legally . 
  make/use a program which changes binding of the key after it 's been pressed . 
  for example i press a. 
  a = 1 at the moment so it plays 1 . 
  a binding changes to 3 . 
  you press a again and it plays 3 . 
  so in the finale you only keep pressing a and the music plays  one physical action per key press is n't it ? 
  accidentally . . yeah right, 
  there is a reason for warrior being called `` tour de france on foot '' . 
  so point of this thread should be which class has the second best mobility . 
  same lifehacks over and over again . . 
  and that wing thing with sun in it ? 
  you want to keep it somehow ? 
  you can still get it , just complete all of [ belcher 's bluff achievements ] ( http://dulfy.net/2013/07/08/gw2-belchers-bluff-activity-guide/ ) . 
  calm down guys it 's +1 xp okay ?
