  they are thanking the city of innsbruck for letting them use the drone to shoot , that 's all i know . 
  i 'd appreciate a wvw league instead of another pvp one . 
  to be fair , i 'm not really hyped by their post . 
  yes , those stuff are great and i 'm looking forward to them , but feature packs used to be much , much bigger . 
  beam me up , scotty, 
  do you also have the surface hub stand ? 
  man that is apple level expensive . 
  i was really surprised that it 's just a hella expensive stand with nothing more to it . 
  one would expect some battery or maybe a little extra computing power , but no . 
  that 's way too complicated . 
  use laso tool to cut the subject into a new layer and set stroke/outer glow in blending options . 
  for the colors , use gradient overlay with orange and purple . 
  i really like simple one purpose websites like that . 
  my favorite is, 
  just get a regular cherry-scented lube . 
  pretty safe to eat . 
  well , if there 's a 3 month gap between the last ls episode and the expansion , we could expect a few beta weekends in the meantime . 
  or just wait till the next expansion pops out ( september/october , but you 'll be able to preorder if you want to ) . 
  they said that all previous expansions will be bundled with the new one . 
  so you 'll get 2 expansions for a price of one . 
  align horizontal centers in the second one please . 
  i 'm fairly sure that not even most of the czech would know the meaning , as it 's an archaism . 
  there are 275 people with this name though ( and another 286 with the female version of the name ) in the czech republic . 
  sweet idea !, 
  i came up with a quick mockup :, 
  it is blurred actually . 
  apart from others have suggested :, 
  * disko, 
  * bohemia chips, 
  czech republic just banned smoking in restaurants/pubs/bars 4 days ago . 
  you 'll need to print it out . 
  also , do n't forget to bring your id as they might check if it matches with the ticket . 
  every time a foreign news server shares information about a terrorist attack , you can be sure there will be hundreds of people like that . 
  this is not in any way unique to the czech republic , people are xenophobic everywhere . 
  find lagoon foto in the shopping centre harfa next to the o2 arena . 
  they can print whatever you want . 
  interrobang is not as fluent to write , maybe that 's why it 's not as popular . 
  how these groups work ? 
   not all muslim are terrorist , but all terrorist are muslim . 
  hhmmm . 
  that 's like saying not all men are terrorrists , but all terrorists are men . 
  i think we 'll have to wait till gamescom ( 22-26/08 / 2017 ) to know more about the expansion . 
  why not go monochromatic ? 
  if my client is fine with charging them with a font , i go all the way with myfonts.com, 
  because comic sans has its use . 
  ** it 's a good font actually . 
  ** it 's just that majority of people ( usually non-designers ) use it the wrong way . 
  he 's all alone now though . 
  they have a lot of [ original restaurants ] ( http://www.puor.cz/ ) and you can tell them apart from other restaurants from their recognizable branding . 
  what you are probably seeing the most though is just a simple restaurant/pub , who happens to serve pilsner urquell beer . 
  probably less than an equal result ad campaign . 
  simplify . 
  4 circles are more than enough , just make the width bigger ( so that the total size remains the same , but with less circles ) . 
  there are also a few cosmetic imperfections like the spaces between the circles . 
  otherwise , a big step up from the first version . 
  the same way we can portray a tesseract ( or more accurately the 3d representation of it ) . 
  * commander : we need more necros . 
  * player : k , give me 30-70 minutes . 
  big improvement from the previous one . 
  but it 's also a better photo in my opinion . 
  makes sense . 
  when you 've left computer idle , you are probably not sitting right next to the computer , so you 'll appreciate cortana being full screen . 
  how come the dark mode is n't black , but grey ? 
  what about the windows settings though ? 
  the build 16215.1000 ( rs_prerelease ) is out . 
  right on time . 
  the new action center is beautiful !, 
  i 'm a little disappointed they did n't make the new keyboard acrylic . 
  about $ 2 for 1l in prague , ca n't complain . 
  netflix is too proud of house of cards to cancel it , it 'd be seen as a huge failure from their side . 
  little disappointed those are pictures , not a see-through . 
  you 're totally right , there are so many mistakes i can see very clearly now . 
  fiverr ads should reflect what logos you actually get for 5 dollars there . 
  if you 'd only design logos , you 'd be a logo designer . 
  a graphic designer is a much broader term . 
  i use bank transfer for domestic clients and paypal for international ones . 
  i 'd just ask what payment do they prefer and they will probably tell you what to do . 
  `` i could make this logo myself in a minute . '', 
  dude , any experienced logo designer can replicate any logo very easily . 
  it 's not that much about the final product but also about the idea behind it . 
  look at fucking target 's or nike 's logo . 
  why not boat shoes then ? 
  this should be enabled by default if it 's not already . 
   ** champions rest , the new `` cool kids table '' in heart of the mists , how does one gain access ? 
   placing in the top 4 of a monthly automated tournament or in the top 25 of a league season will get you access to champion 's rest . 
  so i guess it will be empty most of the times . 
  looks like a toucan . 
  how much is an average house in nz ? 
  because the prices of real estates in prague are still skyrocketing . 
  this is my profile https://www.instagram.com/adamsafranek/, 
  i 'm a freelance designer / fashion blogger, 
  the 2 inches make a big difference . 
  if you have a desktop at home , get a small laptop . 
  if you do n't , go for the bigger one . 
  so , anyone has brandon woelfel 's photos with exif ? 
  here, 
  is it possible to get exif-like data when you have both before and after photo available ? 
  disabled in jumping puzzles though . 
   the fact that often you ca n't use the softwares if you do n't have an internet connection because adobe must be able to check your license, 
  this is one of the reasons why pirating software still makes sense .
