  there 's probably a few thousands spam accounts , so no way i can block them all by myself . 
  thanks for the tip , i 'll contact support . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  a , c , g feels really forced . 
  it depends on where it will be used , but b and e are definitely best . 
  this does n't need minor changes , it needs major changes . 
  desature , raise blacks , color balance to warm , add shitload of noise . 
  you fed a person for half a day , 
  too soon, 
  definitely . 
  the real question is , when they will announce the next expansion ? 
  pax east starts tomorrow and i do n't think they are on the programme . 
  could it be that they will announce it `` just online '' ? 
  in the end , they said that the next expansion will be slightly smaller , much cheaper one . 
  my guess is 6 episodes , as there are three teams rotating on the ls releases :, 
  1 ) bloodstone fen + lake doric, 
  2 ) ember bay + probably the second half of ember bay, 
  i 'd expect the next episode on 11th of april , beacause we 'll likely get sab on march 28 . 
  $ 8 a beer ? 
  oh man , i would n't pay more than $ 2 for half a litre . 
  how did julia find her then ? 
  the \u010cssd [ calculator ] ( https://www.spravedlive-dane.cz/ ) has a cap of 100 000 czk gross . 
  they say it 's a technical issue , i think it 's because they do n't want people with higher income to see how much they will loose if the proposal passes . 
  i found the same calculator , without the cap , if you are interested : https://nespravedlive-dane.cz, 
  i 'd highly suggest you using regiojet instead . 
  same as when you draw a cube on a piece of paper . 
  you are portraying a 3d object in a 2d space . 
  yes, 
  it 's all about luck with whom you get placed in the first 10 matches . 
  last season , i got placed in platinum division at the beginning , now i 'm starting in bronze . 
  talk about balance . 
  in case you did n't know , the caret represents a nearby iconic tower . 
  here 's the actual video, 
  also , there 's a daily activity npc on the airship . 
  i still prefer the terrace though . 
  this is basically the same thing i was going to do for me and my girlfriend 's anniversary coming up later this month . 
  good thinking !, 
  would n't pay more than $ 2 for half a litre of beer . 
  the mecca of beer , prague , czech republic . 
  i usually pay a little over $ 1 for a beer , $ 2 is tops . 
  sure thing , i can take some photos on monday . 
  hit me up via pm , 
  of course !, 
  i 'm looking for people from everywhere , the more distant place the better , 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  best od luck !, 
  sure thing , thank you !, 
  sweet !, 
  thanks !, 
  definitely , thanks !, 
  yeah , thank you !, 
  1 ) add teals in the shadows and oranges in the highlights via split toning, 
  2 ) lift the blacks, 
  3 ) lens correction via distortion, 
  4 ) add noise, 
  5 ) 21:9 ratio, 
  i 'm looking for photos from all around the world !, 
  thank you very much !, 
  it 'll be done by the end of the weekend with some starter amount of content , which i 'll add later as more people send me their photos . 
  amazing , thank you !, 
  thanks a lot , looking forward to it !, 
  awesome , thank you in advance !, 
  it could be awesome if anet dedicated a small team for these qol changes . 
  [ something like runescape 's ninja team ] ( http://runescape.wikia.com/wiki/ninja_updates ) . 
  their job is listen to feedback on forums , reddit etc. 
  and implement these small changes into the game . 
  thanks a lot , looking forward to it !, 
   i 'd love it in french !, 
  it 's funny that they will even sell you the fonts that are free on myfonts for $ 3 . 
   and some of them are running faster than a centaur when you give them superspeed . 
  ftfy, 
  now it looks like a button , which i suppose it is not . 
  maybe put on some powder and/or makeup . 
  why not just give them antivirals , which actually work ? 
  penguins are slavs . 
  the tie does too , for that matter . 
  / r/60fpsporn, 
  oh , that 's a different subreddit . 
  we 'll be getting sab on march 28 and then ember bay north on april 11 . 
  or just use some toilet paper . 
  like girls do . 
  i do n't even know what that means and i 'm czech . 
  napoleon was n't actually short , it was just a propaganda . 
  he was a pretty average height fella . 
  the average height of a frenchman between 1800 and 1820 was 164.1 cm ( 5,4 ft ) . 
  napoleon was 168 cm ( 5.6 ft ) . 
  the current average height of a frenchman is 174,1 cm ( 5.7 ft ) , so if napoleon was alive today , he would be about 178 cm ( 5.8 ft ) . 
  there 's something similar in palladium , prague . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-x2svfgmpkhy/uyo_wbrb1xi/aaaaaaaabmg/go-qlreqy3y/s1600/photo.jpg ) and [ 2 ] ( http://blog.petrkaspar.cz/wp-content/palladiumwc.jpg ), 
  i wonder what reactions would be if this was on women 's bathrooms . 
  i wish there could be an optional , less secure version of hello you could use with a regular webcam . 
  i do n't need to have extreme protection at home ( no need for depth camera ) , but at the same time , i want to have at least some sort of protection . 
  and hello is so convenient !, 
  you just sit in front of the device and it logs you in . 
  i personally dislike cheap beer , because it does n't taste good . 
  sure it costs $ 0.3 per bottle , but i will much rather pay $ 0.6 for a good beer . 
  do n't want to brag , but living in the czech republic is pretty awesome . 
  it 's surely the best way to do it , but i do n't think that 's how this picture was made . 
  you can see some errors on the shoulders , which is why i think this was done by an automated tool . 
  less drama , more turtle !,
