  i thought that the personal story la will stay as an instance ? 
  my girlfriend has hiccups very often and since she just ca n't hold the breath by herself i have to put my hand over her mouth every time . 
  i hate the looks i get when i 'm basically choking her . 
  how about those alliance supplies ? 
  too bad it 's not a skin . 
  exactly . 
  also the potion effect does n't work in dungeons , fractals and spvp , also it disappears when you switch map . 
  if it was a skin none of it would happen . 
  yeah i guess it should be, 
  i laughed very hard at the 8th question 's answers . 
  i would love some sort of new dungeon which would be different every time you play it , somehow randomly generated so you get a new experience every time , 
  fractals are randomized only in order and sometimes they have 2 slightly different patches . 
  what i 'd like to see is a fully generated dungeon with it 's unique terrain , bosses with different tactics ( like we have seen in marionette fight ) , unique tasks and puzzles . . 
  but i might be asking for too much . 
  keep in mind that few months ago , those fansites who already know what will future updates be like said that the content coming will actually be better than an expansion . 
  i 'm super excited . 
  these songs fit the level of action perfectly !, 
  yeah of course you can . 
  altough slowing it down by + - 64bpm makes some distortions in sound . 
  so here you have it guys , the big finale . 
  but those at least dropped as a loot and they were n't really rare . 
  i do n't know anyone who made his legendary all from his supplies . 
  count with the fact that you will have to buy a lot of materials instead of farming them all , thus you need a lot of gold . 
  gather orichalcum/ancient wood logs or some t4 and lower materials . 
  do n't gather t5 , it 's really cheap now . 
  check out tp for prices of mats . 
  do dailies , monthly and buy heavy crafting bags from laurel vendor , each one cost 1 laurel and contains 3 t6 mats . 
  dailies also provides mystic coin , which you will need too . 
  do cof , ac , hotw and/or more dungeons which u like . 
  you will get golds/drops for buying more mats and also tokens . 
  use tokens to buy cof and higher rare dungeon armor ( 30 tokens each ) and salvage them with mystic/black lion salvage kits . 
  you can buy exotics with lower than cof dungeon tokens too . 
  you will get mithril ores and globs of ectoplasm and with exo globs of dark matter which u might find useful later , 
  if you have some obsidian shards , mystic coins , globs of ecto and skillpoints , make mystic clovers . 
  with this `` recipe '' you will get either mystic clovers ( needed for legendary ) or some t6 mats ( needed for legendary too ) . 
  do living story , champion trains , invasions , world bosses . 
  you will get rares and mats . 
  do n't focus only on your legendary or you will get bored really quickly . 
  if you have a mood for some wvw , activity or fractal , just do it . 
  still you get rewards for basically everything you do so you wo n't waste your time completely . 
  never buy/sell anything on tp instantly . 
  make wise and good offers . 
  you will save/earn money . 
  if you still want to get mats by yourself , i highly recommend this guide : http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/comments/1p2dgc/guidet6_material_acquisition_guide_updated/ by nightsfrost . 
  also , use this guide to make more money out of all currencies : http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/comments/1ocogi/guide_converting_your_currencies_to_gold/ by eirh , 
  make a gw2 shortcut ( if you already do n't have one ) and add '' - maploadinfo '' at the end of location so it looks like this :, 
  * `` c : \\ program files ( x86 ) \\ guild wars 2 \\ gw2.exe '' - maploadinfo, 
  this way you will see loading with percentage etc when trying to join a map so you can tell where it got stuck/which areas are loading slow . 
  then it will be easier to detect where the problem is . 
  this is the reason why there are only champion trains . 
  if you would get same karma over and over again , there would be more ( karma ) trains ruining this beautiful game . 
  there 's a slight possibility that karma will take place in the qol patch after next weeks patch . 
  since it has already been nerfed , the rewards should be overhauled too . 
  ... desolation for eu/black gate for murica and aurora glade for fun !, 
  i love tiny girls so i 've made one in gw2 . 
  i did n't even know there 's such a problem . 
  am i the only one who expected 6th hand - confirmation of new playable race ? 
  damn only 5 different hands again !, 
  so many women in guild wars 2 :o, 
  why could n't whole la have this shield over itself all the time ? 
  i rarely command wvw ( and more rarely borderlands ) , i use my tag mainly for pve ( bosses , farming , guild missions ... ) and i do n't regret buying it . 
  just my personal opinion for you . 
  daily ambient killer , every damn time . 
  so basically anet let people die for fun , 
  too bad this copy pasta guy received more comments and karma ... 
  check this http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/wiki/newplayers, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  solved all three , if anyone wanted the first one , it 's this one, 
  there are simply dozens of exotics you can get as loot and dozens of named exotics . 
  count with the fact that chance you receive an exotic is small , chance to receive a named exotic is much smaller and chance of getting a precursor is even smaller since you 're looking only for particular 20 named exotics ( precursors ) . 
   `` hey all , we are doing some additional preparations for the build , it will be live in the afternoon ( seattle time ) . 
  so get your la screenshots in while you can and face off the miasma one more time ! '', 
  it is , this is only my prediction :d, 
  no fuc * ing way !, 
  how exactly do i get nowhere to hide ? 
   if the dragon is raising in the west , why build a new city/base were la currenty is ? 
  if some random sylvari can destroy a whole city , kill masses of people and terrorise dozens of other maps with her invasions , i ca n't even imagine what a dragon who was just controlling her could do . 
  why would we build a city right next to him so we would be the his first stop ? 
  do citizens , pact etc know that we actually awakened mordremoth ? 
  i mean , that final cutscene shows just some ` explosion ' , glowing ley lines etc. 
  we , players , also seen awakening a dragon . 
  but since there is no connection between magus falls and rest of the tyria how could we know what the drill actually did ? 
  i mean npcs ca n't see cutscenes like this . . 
  right after you completely kill her . 
  last time i had to wait until the hologram hit me , it was a long time but it released me . 
  alright folks , sad news :, 
  mordremoth or even scarletbriar are not run by anet . 
  i guess it means that all ls accounts ( lord faren , kasmeer meade , taimi ... ) are fake . 
  i did it rgb style ( red green blue in this order ), 
  did not work, 
  i guess this want intended so you do n't feel that bad about killing her , because she 's not really evil right , she was just misued by the dragon . 
  also comes in [ first world problems version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4z6jpxe.jpg ), 
  100 empyreal fragments , i lol 'd . 
  it 's live now !, 
  you can actually join them or erradon terrace server which pretty cool . 
  man i would look fabulous with this sized eyebrows . 
  too bad it 's not real account . 
  and i do n't see much similarity between these two , only that they are asian . 
  if you do n't know when you started playing ...
