  kind of inaccurate though , since most of the movie was filmed in prague ( including the scenes from the us high school , paris , amsterdam , berlin or even bratislava ) . 
  also try :, 
  * zerg rush, 
  * festivus, 
  * recursion, 
  * anagram, 
  * blink html, 
  * conway 's game of life, 
  ] ( http://cdn.collider.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/mr-selfridge-season-4-image-piven-kelly.jpg ) he already has the haircut for the part . 
  ryan gosling, 
  jennifer aniston and brad pitt, 
  it 's a residential district . 
  i imagine people sunbathing or just relaxing there in the summer , studying , children playing , having a picnic or something . 
  it 's elevated to give you a little bit of privacy from the other pedestrian paths . 
  it 's also the reason why the grass is there . 
  it 's not expected to be a main path or something , rather than a place where you can lay down for a bit . 
  have you seen mr selfridge ? 
  it 's a pretty good show !, 
  there has n't been any official statement from primark yet , so i 'm flairing it as an article instead of news . 
  there are rumors that primark will open their store in chodov , because they stated in the past that they want to expand in the central europe region . 
  and let 's face it , our market is perfect for their expansion . 
  they even have a warehouse in the czech republic already , which is serving the german stores . 
  this is also where the rumors probably started . 
  edit :, 
  check out base camp pivot\u00e9ka , u stud\u00e1nky 253/27, 
  they should have it . 
  the answer is tax credit . 
  you do n't pay the tax if you do n't exceed 165 690 czk gross profit . 
  so , let 's say you earn 465 690 czk from adsense . 
  your equipment and other stuff costs 300 000 czk . 
  then you do n't pay the tax . 
  ( the exact numbers might be a little different , look up today 's year numbers ) . 
  keep in mind that if it 's your main job and/or you are not a student , you will have to pay social and health insurance . 
  also , you need to report all your earnings . 
  if you have a trade licence , you just fill out income and expenditure form . 
  if you do n't ( and you should ) , you need to fill a vat summary report . 
  if you speak czech , this is all you need to know : http://www.jakpodnikat.cz/adsense-dph.php, 
  if you do n't have a company , you only pay income tax . 
  if you have a turnover of 1 000 000 czk or more , you will become vat payer . 
  * yes , trade license is needed for every individual or company who wants to make money themselves . 
  it costs only 1 000 czk one time . 
  you do n't need to start a company , i do n't see a reason why you should when making money through adsense . 
  * yes , you do n't pay vat , you just need to fill out the forms . 
  * yeah , you can use the 60 % lump sum . 
  czechs are really cool with foreigners from western/northern countries . 
  i personally know a lot of people from different states and they are all awesome . 
  what czechs usually appreciate is when you at least try talking a little in czech . 
  not that we could n't speak english ( most of the young and middle aged people will have no troubles speaking english ) , but we like the effort . 
  i do n't know anything about business laws in sweden , but i guess that even though our taxations are lower , you will likely bump into more bureaucracy here . 
  and if you do n't like people from africa or middle east , czech republic is your way to go . 
  we have a really , really low number of immigrants from these areas . 
  czechs sometimes tend to be a little xenophobic ( not to people from west/north though ) , maybe also because of the previous soviet regime . 
  i wish entrepreneurship was as easy as paying the fees once a year and no more troubles . 
  you file tax once a year , in march . 
  yeah , tax agent will help you , just find one who speaks english . 
  this service usually costs about 1 000 czk per file , some files are cheaper , some might be a little more expensive . 
  why does it even have a logo ? 
  [ halcom ] ( https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/northernblock/halcom/ ) , i just love everything about it . 
  you can always charge the client . 
  this should be photoshop feature really . 
  looks like a lot of hassle which could be done automatically . 
  you 'd just select the before and after photo and photoshop would create the preset for you . 
  amazing !, 
  thank you very much . 
  first , you will have to visit registry office ( matrika ) , so you can get the evidence that you have an ancestor from the place . 
  birth books are archived for 100 years , so the record should be there . 
  then , you 'll have to visit bundesverwaltungsamt in k\u00f6ln , along with the confirmation that you have an ancestor from sudetenland . 
  there 's much less nsfw stuff than i expected . 
  what about the opposite ? 
  sneezing and not dying , falling while running from a killer and not getting killed , car crash that does n't explode , turbulence in airplane not going wrong , cop ignoring being suspended from his case , ugly girl not actually becoming pretty after getting a haircut and taking down her glasses , car actually starting at the first time when being chased , people saying `` goodbye '' at the end of the phone call , seeing someone in plain sight then a car drives past them and they do n't disappear , attractive people being creepy , bad guys having a good aim , bombs not having an accurate timer , villain being captured not actually being part of the plan , prophecies not becoming true , enhancing the photo via high tech software not doing anything , crawling through air ducts not actually leading to the wished destination , villain not killing the protagonist and leaving because they do n't have the time for killing and they need to do other evil stuff . 
  link for the lazy : https://www.artworkabode.com/glossary/, 
  wishing you best of luck my friends !, 
  i 'm local and while i do n't live in the town centre , i can assure you that i 'm there almost every day . 
  and not for walking and enjoying the sights ( even though i do that a lot as well ) . 
  lots of offices , cafe places , restaurant , shopping places etc. 
  you just need to take a turn on a busy street and you 'll end up in some locals area in a minute . 
  most of the scarves and accessories are unisex . 
  same with ms office . 
  let 's bump the number of drones to 500, 
  might makes me right , 
  engagement rings are more likely to be diamond than wedding rings , i 'd say . 
  does it have acute accents ? 
  step 1 ) stop using wix, 
  step 2 ) buy a domain and hosting for like $ 20/year ( with subdomains , mail etc ), 
  step 3 ) set up wordpress, 
  step 4 ) find a free/premium wordpress template ( there are thousands of them online ) and fill it with your own stuff, 
  setting up wordpress is pretty easy , some hosting providers will let you do it with one click , or you just upload the files via ftp . 
  and knowing how to operate wordpress is really useful in life , might come in handy in the future . 
  i like to use [ ogol.io ] ( https://ogol.io ) when i want to get a company logo in vector quickly . 
  works on the big companies perfectly . 
  i ca n't decide if it 's genius or bad . 
  that 's because 6000 gold is nothing compared to a lottery win . 
  there 's sweater on his vomit already, 
  my tip will be kinda off , since it 's probably not something you expected , but i belive the people might appreciate it . 
  my favorite caf\u00e9 is right on the old town square , facing the astronomical clock . 
  i personally do n't find the astronomical clock that interesting , but i understand it 's a must-see for many tourists and i guess that you should n't miss it . 
  now , the place is called [ mozart cafe ] ( http://www.cafemozart.cz/ ) and it 's on the first floor , directly facing the astronomical clock . 
  so if you want to see the clock go off , this is ** literally ** the best place . 
  the interior is really beautiful , they have live music , it 's almost always empty and the prices are fairly low for the location . 
  they also often offer vouchers you can buy on [ slevomat ] ( https://www.slevomat.cz/podnik/71817-cafe-mozart ) so you can spare some extra money .
