  any idea what 's the font for the `` knightlond '' part , if it 's not custom made ? 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i wonder how did i not recognize that . . 
  there are a few minor things that should be improved and it would be a shame if they were n't , because you are really close to a perfect image . 
  the road behind the car is a little too high and also needs some blur . 
  i also noticed a few clone stamps left to the car , which are really distracting . 
  otherwise , the image is awesome . 
  i especially love the color changes , car color really stands out . 
  this is the most active one afaik . 
  1 ) i do n't think there 's more amateur street porn than anywhere else . 
  we just made it a brand ( e.g. 
  czech streets , czech couples , czech twins , czech casting , czech taxi etc. ) . 
  i believe it 's because it 's all made by one company . 
  ironically , this porn is banned in the czech republic ( you ca n't visit the sites , you need to use vpn or something ) , probably to give it a more `` authentic '' feeling . 
  2 ) afaik , all the girls are not are professionals . 
  my friend appeared in czech casting and that was the only porn she was in . 
  it 's not that they do n't know what they are getting into though , they probably get a full script beforehand . 
  3 ) why is czech republic the porn capital of europe ? 
  first off , czech girls are really pretty . 
  secondly , many big porn servers are czech ( the biggest one , xvideos , is based in prague and around 14 000 other porn domains are also czech ) . 
  czech republic has a lot of porn actresses , making it easier to make a movie . 
  many famous pornstars are czech ( lucie wilde , abigaile johnson , little caprice , mea melone , gina devine , alexis crystal , nessa devil and sort of dani daniels + many more ) . 
  these challenges are always interesting , because of the little time they give to the author . 
  your designs often feel a little rushed , which is fine though , considering that you need to design one thing every day . 
  take a look at this image : http://bensasso.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/100exp.jpg , it 's so clear bright and shiny white because the room actually is all white . 
  the girl has white clothes , the guy does as well , furniture is white etc. 
  there are basically three colors in the photo : white , black and skin orange ( which is the same color as floor ) . 
  now if you look at your photo https://www.flickr.com/photos/92777737@n08/31328632433/in/dateposted-public/, it has light coming out from the right side , while the left side is really dark . 
  you need even lighting and white environment . 
  you see brown , blacks , skin oranges , whites , mayve even some shades of blue in your image . 
  it 's all about composition , your photos are great and if shot in a different environment , you can easily achieve the wanted results in post . 
  by the way , are you czech ? 
  the girl has a really strong `` czech '' look going on . 
  this is true , but it 's not like people wo n't find it anyway . 
  but if they tell the amateur to-be actress that the video wo n't be distributed in the czech republic , she 's more likely to say yes . 
  and then it gets leaked on the free servers . 
  lightroom is best for editing the image as a whole - you play around with sliders , change white balance , you do split toning etc. 
  now , when you need to edit specific parts of the image ( especially when it comes to portraits ) , you take the image to photoshop . 
  retouching , frequency separation , and generally any photo manipulation , you use photoshop . 
  i found out she 's done it via my friend . 
  it was the `` hey dude , remember the girl from high school ? 
  check this out \\* inserts link \\* '' sort of thing , so i 'm avoiding talking about this subject with her . 
  if you done well at casting , the porn company might want to use you in some of the future movies . 
  so in a way , i actually think it 's pretty fair that it 's called a casting . 
  it might start of your career . 
  but the main goal of the videos is of course to get amateur girls to shoot porn , not to find the next pornstar . 
  i have a spot on my leg , which i shaved when i was 15 as a part of the bet . 
  it 's been many years since , but this particuar spot looks like it has twice as much hair ( or longer hair ? ) . 
  i 'd love an explanation . 
  last time i asked on a similar thread , i got downvotes instead of answers . 
  i would n't be afraid to dehaze it a little further . 
  great shot by the way !, 
  i was just about to recommend it . 
  it 's top notch . 
  just wondering , why 2 legendary backs ? 
  neither do tourists . 
  it 's getting better , trust me . 
  if you compare how people dressed 10 years ago , it 's a huge difference . 
  the cortana improvements are great . 
  i just wish cortana was available in my country . 
  i do n't get it , why ca n't i have it in english ? 
  i mean , paint3d and other apps are available here in czech republic in english as well , so why cortana ca n't be ? 
  i mean , eccos are fine i guess , but nothing compares to a quality goodyear welt . 
  that 's a whole different level . 
  allen edmonds are great !, 
  i also highly recommend alden shoes , church 's or if you are on a budget , meermin . 
  i highly recommend these . 
  a lot of my russian friends visited these courses and they speak almost fluently after a year . 
  graphic designers tend to be extremely critical to their own work . 
  it 's pencil + black marker . 
  there should be a vendor where you can exchange a tome for a champ bag . 
  [ everybody wants to be a hero !, 
  vocal minorities , both fractals and pvp have improved a lot . 
  exactly , if you want a slower paced pvp , try runescape . 
  i think it might actually be better in a way than your more recent project . 
  it shows that you can make great things which will last , not some trendy stuff which needs to be replaced a year later . 
  affinity designer is a great alternative . 
  it 's a really powerful tool , some even prefer it over illustrator . 
  and it 's only $ 49.99 one time payment , compared to $ 19-29 .99 you pay for adobe illustrator per month . 
  i sold one on brandcrowd . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i think that somewhere in tyria there are two places with their own loading screens on the same map . 
  is there a subreddit for this ? 
  i 've never heard of the first sub you mention . 
  so i naturally went there , sorted from top of all time . 
  and there she is , in the top 5 . 
  my friend from high school . 
  please do n't . 
  may the odds be ever in your favor . 
  exactly , the designs might not look up to date now , but i can imagine they were the shit back in the days . 
  when did ranger become so popular ? 
  clients often do n't know what they want until they see it . 
  american captain fits the style very well . 
  quality check on / r/fashionreps, 
  last episode , by the end . 
  how about something like this ? 
  xps are great . 
  they age very slow , i have one from 2008 and it can still run the newest games or apps without any trouble . 
  and they look really good . 
  many things probably are n't up to date , but this is a great guide nonetheless : http://guildwars2.ro/ghid-wvw.pdf probably the most comprehensive one you can find . 
  there 's also this one : https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b3rd81imfea7vy1quhzpwgnjz2c/view,
