yeah i like your idea . 
  on this picture you can see a mouse with 2 side buttons , i bound one with jump and one with dodge which is pretty cool because i can hit them both at the same time with my thumb . 
  the bad thing is that eventhough my timing is basically perfect , i 'm successful at the dodgejumo only like 30 % of times :(, 
  bind these two side keys ( if you have them ) as jump and dodge and you can hit them both at the same time with your thumb making your character dodgejump . 
  bombs :, 
  mass invisibility + veil, 
  everyone grabs a bomb, 
  take it to the gate and get the hell out of there, 
  wait for invisibility and veil to recharge, 
  repeat, 
  i think that you 're forgetting that essence of luck is n't the only thing you get from salvage . 
  if you could do the math again ( including the mats from salvaging ) , it would be great . 
  watchwork sprockets is a normal collectible material for crafting , they can be sold to tp for example . 
  check this out to find out what festivite items you can trade :, 
  actually our guild is doing this , simply because we only take every active player who speaks our native language . 
  and this is the best way to get more people to join the community . 
  yeah i 'd love to have a wp at the terrace , this way , you would only pay the teleport fee . 
  it 's not working anymore !, 
  you need to have overall level of 300 . 
  thus you will need at least 4 x lvl 75 rares . 
  ( or for example 2 x lvl 80 + 2 x lvl 70 ) rares are the safer way than exotics i think . 
  we even do n't know if the chance for getting precursor from rares is bigger . 
  10 seconds 10 seconds 10 seconds, 
  shaez .5762 tks - attacker, 
  what happens when you die and you do n't have any money for wp ? 
  how much did it cost ? 
  nope . 
  it 's down for like 5 days now :(, 
  great news !, 
   thanks man !, 
  aurora glad ? 
  really ? 
  it 's good to see that i am not the only one , but i still ca n't figure out whether the problem is in 8.1 or newest patch . 
  i 'll try updating graphic , cpu and internet drivers though , 
  no , wvw farming is the best . 
  but you can run orr events too . 
  this feature is actually pretty amazing . 
  it allows new posts to get on the frontpage meanwhile the old post which has been there for a long time will disappear and make free space for the new ones . 
  biomancer !, 
  whoa , that 's something like the secret ooze boss in cof p1 , 
  shamanless pun to cover my emberrassment : x, 
  oh come on !, 
  i just finished my arah armor set !, 
  i got top player in sanctum sprint though , 
  it would make sense since all minigames are player versus player oriented . 
  but i guess it 's just a bug . 
  `` the 200 gold limit is out of the range for most casual players . '', 
  just fyi , commander 's compendium costs 100g , 
  unfortunately , yes , today i saw scarlet 's giant hologram appear when we finished the toxic offshoot . 
  so it 's definitely her . 
  almost always empty ? 
  every time i went there there was a game on with at least 6 players in , 
  but it might depend on a server , 
  you 're wrong . 
  npc is still there . 
  just checked it . 
  this is just beautiful !, 
  i 've been on my journey for almost 2 months and now i am 90 golds away from getting my sunrise done , 
  gather orichalcum/ancient wood logs ( you can sell both or make ingots from orichalcum/planks from logs . 
  do n't gather mithril , if you choose to gather lower tier ores , gather platinum ore instead . 
  do dailies and buy heavy crafting bags from laurel vendor , each one cost 1 laurel and contains 3 t6 mats . 
  dailies also provides mystic coin , which you will need too . 
  do cof , ac , hotw and/or more dungeons which u like . 
  you will get golds/drops for buying more mats and also tokens . 
  use tokens to buy cof and higher rare dungeon armor ( 30 tokens each ) and salvage them with mystic/black lion salvage kits . 
  you can buy exotics with lower than cof dungeon tokens too . 
  you will get mithril ores and globs of ectoplasm . 
  if you have some obsidian shards , mystic coins , globs of ecto and skillpoints , make mystic clovers . 
  with this `` recipe '' you will get either mystic clovers ( needed for legendary ) or some t6 mats ( needed for legendary too ) . 
  do living story , champion trains , invasions , world bosses . 
  you will get rares and mats . 
  i do n't know anyone who made his legendary all from his supplies . 
  count with the fact that you will have to buy a lot of materials instead of farming , thus you need a lot of gold . 
  never buy/sell anything on tp instantly . 
  make wise and good offers . 
  you will save/earn money . 
  if you still want to get mats by yourself , i highly recommend this guide :, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/comments/1p2dgc/guidet6_material_acquisition_guide_updated/ by nightsfrost . 
  also , use this guide to make more money out of all currencies :, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/guildwars2/comments/1ocogi/guide_converting_your_currencies_to_gold/ by eirh , 
  yeah , 1 for completing daily , 20 for completing monthly , 
  hope you 'll find someone . 
  i give this project big thumbs up !, 
  or join txs , 
  i do n't get why they did her boobies smaller in game . 
  eat my dust !, 
  time to do some real damage . 
  is it possible to revive yourself via warbanner when placed exactly at the same time you die ? 
  use this site : http://www.gw2dungeons.net/, 
  it can help you a lot with all dungeons , 
  it has nothing to do with wvw . 
  you basically go to orr and do dolyak event , do n't finish it , it will fail and it will repeat . 
  ridiculous amount of loot . 
  the end . 
  there 's already this script working the same way . 
  if you could add inventory images of these items it would be much more clear . 
  nice work though !, 
  you did a really good job , 
  still waiting for the answer though :d, 
  ~ loritori,
