  story-wise , there 's been conflicts between sylvari and asura , human and charr races . 
  players however do n't mind the race so they get along pretty well . 
  class-wise , a lot of people hate rangers . 
  i oficially command you to stop saying your english is bad . 
  it 's pretty great actually . 
  can you have one paypal for more accounts ? 
  it is , you need to verify your account with us phone number . 
  put that over to / r/paymentproof, 
  you ca n't really see a difference without closer examination though, 
  here, 
  as well as the snowball mayhem . 
  just block @ashampoo.com in your mail and you 're fine , for the rest of your life . 
  you can try reviewing things for money , head over to / r/erlibird, 
  delete cookies and cache , try different browser . 
  the offer ended . 
  oh , thought it will be james cameron 's avatar . 
   everyone should have a spam email address for signing up for stuff , or you can use a temporary disposable one . 
  that way you get your goods and it does n't matter how much spam they send . 
  i 'd love to know about this as well . 
  unfortunately i do n't know any website which offers this kind of moneymaking . 
  let me know if you find something . 
  if it 's not us only , i 'm in . 
   ok , ok . that 's it with the registrations !, 
   step 9, 
  register on this forum, 
  you lied to me . 
  also , you seem to need a new email every time you sign up to the forum . 
  you just keep creating new emails and accounts ? 
  i see . 
  however , gcash is generating me 6 short links for 70 minutes now . 
  what promos ? 
  * mhm , hip shot *, 
  do i have to do something if i want to get rematched or will i get a new santa automatically ? 
  also , this year ended up pretty bad for me and my friends , i talked 9 of my friends into joining a secret santa and not a single one of them received a gift ( their santa only pulled the info ) . 
  bertie botts !, 
  eww , but i gave them to my sister for christmas too !, 
  currently , ashampoo \u00ae snap 7 is avaible for free . 
  you can give it a shot . 
  also , if you have a newer nvidia or amd gpu , both can offer you record options . 
  got my topcashback money as well like 2 weeks ago . 
  and what is your revenue so far ? 
  next year , we should have a rematch system !, 
  i 'd love to join that !, 
  did n't see that !, 
  will pm you right away . 
  this has nothing to do with / r/slavelabour, 
  move it to somewhere like / r/deals, 
  apps says it ca n't connect to facebook/google beacause i have too many devices associated with my account . 
  how can i fix it ? 
  would n't pick neither . 
  it does n't have anything in common with technology . 
  i know that many channels do n't have a name associated with the content , but at least they 're unique ( e. g. vsauce ) . 
  i 'd suggest you to make something easier to write/remember , but let it be more unique . 
  might be the reason , i had like 5 smartphones before . 
  but i just have this one right now . 
  can i do anything about that ? 
  my new year 's resolution ? 
  getting the destructificator 9001 [ & aggkwaaa ], 
  forging documents is not legal . 
  you have to provide us an agreement for editing this picture from it 's author first . 
  you can contact him here on deviantart :, 
  i 've attended 50 + wurm kills and we failed only once due to bad timing or something . 
  after that failed attemp we of course done one more right after that , defeating the wurm . 
  i got some screens from ag . 
  probably mine best memory of year as well . 
  you can see that in the beggining there were just few of us , everyone was waiting for update on top of the lion 's statue . 
  then the people kinda moved to us . 
  can we pay the shipping and handling costs in golds as well ? 
  you could as well use some of these pictures, 
  here, 
  like that ? 
  how does this look ? 
  how about now ? 
  well , yeah . 
  but the buyer could be the service itself . 
  you put a picture there , they will give it a pricetag and if both sides agrees , they have a deal . 
  can you show us some of your previous work ? 
  it 's not global , us only . 
  well if you 're gon na stay only for few rounds of meta i think it 's alright . 
  interesting , it does sound legal actually . 
  however , according to [ guild wars 2 esrb certificate ] ( http://www.esrb.org/ratings/synopsis.jsp?certificate=32125&amp;title=guild%20wars%202 ) , game does not contain mature humor , nudity , partial nudity , sexual content , sexual themes , sexual violence , strong sexual content or lyrics . 
  i believe that if you are at the point where you have to ask questions like you did , you should stick with unrankeds . 
  do ranked matches only when you 're confident you will do great as it affects your ( and your teams ) leaderboard position . 
  rankeds usually consist more experienced players/teams . 
  no other difference than this and the leaderboards . 
  remember the horses in skyrim ? 
  that 's too bad . 
  i love the series , but i agree that the quality might go down after 4 series . 
  i already have 2 legendaries and since then i 've never bought any obsidian shard . 
  still , i have 500 obsidian shards in my collection and 300 + in my bank . 
  i 'm not against , i 'm just stating that many players just do n't need it . 
  you can head over to / r/erlibird next time !, 
  go to http://erlibird.com/profile and on the right side , you can see priority panel , click on `` refer a friend who joins and become a priorty member . '', 
  and your ref link will show up . 
  keep in mind that you only need 1 referral to get all the advantages , no need for more than 1 . 
  your friends can use referral thread here : http://www.reddit.com/r/erlibird/comments/2nuqjn/post_your_referral_here/ to get a referral . 
  why do we go in such cold voluntarily , just for some essences of luck , snowflakes and ugly clothing . 
  yes , but since redditgifts kinda likes to send about 3 emails weekly , i think that a lot of people just ignores them . 
  same :(, 
  i joined ss this year with like 15 of my friends .
