  is this for the instagram profile picture ? 
  because that is really small and the map wo n't be recognizable . 
  the right part is very busy when compared to the left part . 
  i 'd try to balance it by adding some color back to the left part . 
  i know about these :, 
  [ globaltestmarket ] ( https://www.globaltestmarket.com/ ), 
  [ marketagent ] ( https://panel.marketagent.com/register/account/newregistration/cs-cz?refuid=313454 ), 
  an event poster . 
  this will challenge her photo manipulation skills , illustration skills and typography skills . 
  there are hundreds of awesome posters on the internet , pick one and let her recreate it . 
  especially the video puts the things in a bit of perspective . 
  [ those are not the only classics . 
  if you are looking for a berghain kind of thing , you wo n't really find much here in prague . 
  [ these guys ] ( https://www.facebook.com/polygonpolygon/events ) are the best equivalent , but there 's no new planned event so far ,, 
  it does n't . 
  you still have to buy it and the game reminds you quite often , since a lot of the content is locked . 
  how is it tastewise ? 
  i 've seen a lot of advertisement for it . 
  i 've never seen `` behind zenith '' used in english , but `` at the zenith of '' is definitely a common phrase . 
  of course !, 
  the `` map graphics error '' might be because this is not the full map . 
  map name is usually centered , so this could mean that we only have access to half of the map now . 
  there actually is some not accessible land mass . 
  not corresponding with the current map though . 
  peter ness plays blackjack, 
  how did we discover other planets if we never set foot on them ? 
  l'h\u00f4pital 's rule is one of the most famous ones . 
  ring of fire is heart of maguuma and far shiverpeaks where we might be going next probably is n't tyria core either . 
  i was looking into the press pass but the application costs 80 euros with no guarantee that you will get the pass . 
  i was hoping 2.0 would release on october 4th . 
  nevermind :(, 
  when a couple of inquest who were up to no good, 
  started making trouble in my neighborhood, 
  amazing !, 
  except for divinity 's reach . 
  it 's exactly the same in czech !, 
  looks like a cute cub trying to be scary . 
  love the work though , both logos are aesthetically awesome . 
  people would complain that they want to play a day earlier even with the fps lock . 
  so how about intel core i3-4130t ? 
  what compataible motherboard would you recommend ? 
  this is the reason why pat & mat exists in the first place . 
  press embargo, 
  beer . 
  welcome to the czech republic !, 
  the town is unnaturaly bright when compared to the clouds . 
  what !!!? 
  bone zone ... 
  gw2 is heavily dependent on cpu . 
  so while you might have the newest gpu , your game will run like shit if you have a bad cpu . 
  or just be under 26 and you get a free entry everywhere . 
  yeah , but under 18 y/o or on the first sunday on the month , entry is free as well , for everyone . 
  good luck !, 
  * i picture cracking her lovely skull , unspooling her brain , trying to get answers . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  fort marriner , commodore 's quarter , the bridges and also the new jumping puzzle are awesome . 
  those parts actually feel like a part of the city . 
  what bugs me is that weird central part with the giant squid bank , the giant lobster , grand piazza and so on . 
  because that 's what it is, 
  average in prague is 1200 eur/month , while 980 eur/month is the average in the whole country . 
  confirmed !, 
  i just ordered a pair of herold shoes from them , 
  they are no barker or loake , but they are definitely good for the price , comparable to a pair of friendly suits shoes i have . 
  i 've seen how they look like after a year and they are just as new . 
  definitely worth buying . 
  you ca n't really go wrong here with cork footbed and stitched leather . 
  i bought shoes + belt combo , since the herold has a really specific color . 
  might be buying some galoshes later , as they look like a really useful addition . 
  and bi-monthly living word updates . 
  new content every month . 
  i 'd be very happy . 
  if i recall correctly , those updates were bi-weekly . 
  did anyone come across rosefield watch box ? 
  i only found some terrible blue one . 
  thanks !, 
  the grunge effect is only for a showcase here , like a watermark . 
  it 's actually letter l and f ( as in ladies fur ) . 
  increase the spaces around `` i '', 
  check out snowhill, 
  their bus leaves from prague almost every morning ( your you can go night skiing as well ) and will take you right to the ski resort ( herl\u00edkovice , \u0160achty , kamenec ) and skipass is already included in the price . 
  the bus will also take you back to prague in the afternoon . 
  my personal favorite is ski resort herl\u00edkovice . 
  there 's no snow yet though , you will probably have to wait at least until december . 
  i tried a quick different approach . 
  i have no idea what i 'm doing, 
  benebumble cumberbombs . 
  fileviewpro should be able to open it . 
  or try asking at some mac related subreddits . 
  paternoster : ** eastern ** europe 's ` elevator of death ', 
  * triggered *, 
  6 % is still more than half a milion people . 
  gigafactory 1 ( which would still be probably much , much bigger ) will only employ 3 000 people . 
  are we coming back to the other part of the bloodstone fen next ? 
  this is the top notch stuff of 2000 . 
  i think the `` house '' part is there because the whole image is also letter `` n '' as in norshor . 
  is this some kind of reference ? 
  otherwise a pretty a shitty photoshop job . 
  this could be amazing boss fractal . 
  one party member per lane , fighting at the platforms , man i see it already . 
  well , think about citadel of fire , that 's not too hard is it ?
