  look at the hero tab !, 
  yeah can confirm that . . 
  so if you want to win , remember this, 
  playing against woman : go rock, 
  playing against man : go paper, 
  that land left from unending ocean kinda looks like westeros ... 
  it even looks like the vista was meant to be viewed when claw is up . 
  blue - salvage, 
  green - sell to merchant, 
  yellow - sell to tp, 
  exotic - sell to tp, 
  i 'm too lazy to check the sigil prices , tp prices etc , this might not be extremely effective , but it saves a lot of time , especially when tp is slow . 
  read [ tarnished coast comprehensive borderlands wvwvw guide by theongreyjoy ] ( http://guildwars2.ro/ghid-wvw.pdf ) . 
  this helped me a lot , some parts are for newbies , some parts are for more experienced players . 
  but man , this is like a bible for wvw . 
  also for you as a commander , you might find [ these maps ] ( http://imgur.com/a/vohed ) useful . 
  ^ i ^ do n't ^ know ^ the ^ author ^ of ^ this , ^ but ^ thanks ^ for ^ it ^ dude , ^ this ^ is ^ some ^ really ^ good ^ stuff !, 
  would you mind if i downvote you ? 
  i feel really sad today :(, 
  yup some location names have been changed :, 
  hooligan 's quarry  rogue 's quarry, 
  molevek works  molevekian delves, 
  nope, 
  screen size and ratio is exactly the same as nexus 5 . 
  what 's making the phone look wider are those small bezels btw , 
  it 's amazing how many people answered warrior . 
  oh now i see !, 
  oh i thought that it 's not hair but some kind of armor . 
  good job !, 
  use / deaths afterwards to know how often you die !, 
  it 's about 2 deaths/hour for me damn !, 
  you could try sending a ticket that you want a server transfer . 
  there 's a chance that they 'll do it for you for free . 
  which server you play on ? 
  here 's a lot of tools , sites etc :, 
  you might not like it because you never played any mmo . 
  99 % of all mmos are much worse than gw2 , i 'm not saying guild wars 2 is perfect , but thanks to gw2 i ca n't play basically any other mmo , because they 're sh * t compared to this one . 
  i have now pretty high standards in mmorpg genre because of the mechanics gw2 improved . 
  entering here, 
  thanks !, 
  post a picture dude . 
  what server you play on ? 
  the question is . . has science gone too far ? 
  almost same . 
  they got some cool stuff we do n't and vice-versa . 
  or ronjeremy, 
  i like the system play how you want , this is just forcing you not to play zerker . 
  you got some pretty cool ideas , but i would n't do many drastic changes . 
  not only 80 lvl rares , 75-80 works too . 
  so i would go with the cheapest one on the market . 
  make the player info complete . 
  you 've already done a good job , but you got ta finish it !, 
  you can play the new pvp map and get your reward tracks complete . 
  altough i can agree with you on a lot of things you 've said , i actually believe that their intention was to get pve players to play some more pvp . 
  i think that mortality is bigger with pve players than pvp players , so they just needed a way for them to enjoy more content . 
  you can not say that pvpers were disadvantaged with the feature pack update , they just received less from it . 
  i got 0.00 on 4 lvl 80 characters ( buying ac p3 and crafting yay ), 
  yeah , it 's basically free alts levelling . 
  on lfg you find `` selling ac p3 '' if the price is below 1g 76s , you will actually make some money too . 
  you 'll join in the dungeon , seller will kill end boss and you get your token rewards + money + experience . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you so much arenanet !, 
  no cantha this time , sorry, 
  i see only new decorations , did you see anything else new ? 
  i hope for that too , i do n't need to have new story , achievements with some new challenges to do would be ok for me . 
  2 ) chew a bubble gum while chopping onions . 
  when you 're in the match press b and you will know . 
  look at the bottom . 
  each reward track has 7 big rewards and one big final reward . 
  and you need to get 5 smaller rewards to get one big . 
  as i said check b when you are in match . 
  so much room for dust, 
  overexposed though . 
  it 's amazing how rs evolved , i remember playing sd back in 2006 ... 
  but i do n't like the field of view you get . 
  it would be much better on multiple screens . 
  i 'd love to have aspect arena and dragon ball as permanent pvp special maps  i know many will disagree with me , but yeah i would love this . 
  did you play it from home ? 
  what would they do someone leaked the game ? 
  delete all your computers from your account on gw2 website and when you will login next time do n't save the computer . 
  this way it will need your authentication every time you log in . 
  i think that jagex something similar with runescape . 
  something like : secure your account = get 50 more bankslots . 
  lol imagine elemental workshop series or mourning ends quests . 
  i log in for dailies ... 
  for people like you are the guides . 
  or you can just . . you know . . go to the nearest dump and get some . 
  but seriously . . ask nicely at the nearest hardware store or some warehouse . 
  i got those because my dad runs a spedition so it 's pretty easy for me to get some . 
  my sister helped me with those . 
  if you can sew it 's easy . 
  just buy some foam for filling the cushions and outdoor fabric at local hardware store and make your own , 
  hmm that 's a good idea . 
  i guess we will make some pillows too , 
  i have always 5 salvage kits sitting in my inventory . 
  they last long enough for me to get naturally to some merchant/bank etc. 
  they do n't even fill up my space because i have maxed bags . 
  0/10 useless fot me . 
  i 'd rather buy another finisher :d i 'm not saying that this item sucks . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not for everyone ,
