  anyone have a image ? 
  i have it devided by 3 sections . 
  in the first 1 i keep items like repair canisters , tp , merchants , wvw set , a lot of salvage kits and few other things . 
  the second one is free , this is where all the loot goes and i can salvage/sell it . 
  in the third part at the end of my inventory , this is where i keep potions , fun stuff ( boxes , fireworks , minis , tonics ) , second wvw set , some tokens ( for example those from dry top ) and . . few other things , 
  i have the inventory collapsed in one , i like it better . 
  the first one is pretty scary !, 
  with main theme soundtrack it would be more epic , the song does n't fit the genre very well . 
  it does fit with scenes perfectly though !, 
  love your work !, 
  [ we 're aware of the stalled event problem , tyrians . 
  do n't worry , our devs are working on it for you . 
   ~ rb2 #thedragonsreach #gw 2 ] ( https://twitter.com/guildwars2/status/494215698873610241 ), 
  too bad it was n't intended , just a bug . 
  [ npcs should no longer appear as representing a guild . 
  ] ( https://forum-en.guildwars2.com/forum/info/updates/game-update-notes-july-29-2014/first#post4249390 ), 
  and you also need to put it in and out few times before you can transfer data . 
  yeah , i farmed about 30 in 2 hours , then i got bored . 
  sold for 4g + each though . 
  we got exactly this at a burger joint next to my house, 
  i believe you are talking about [ uncategorized fractal ] ( http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/uncategorized_fractal ) , but that 's not rata sum though according to gw2 narrative designer scott mcgough :, 
   we 're not ready to reveal the whole truth about the uncategorized fractal yet , but i can tell you that it does not represent a potential future for rata sum . 
  all of the other fractals represent discrete sections of the past , recreated . 
  we have the ancient past , more recent past , and mythic/lost to history past , but there are no futures in there . 
  the similarities between the two maps cited is more a function of asuran architecture having common elements rather than a story-related easter egg . 
  in other words , the maps look similar because they were designed and built by like-minded builders with similar design aesthetics , not because they represent the same place at different points in history . 
  hope this helps ,, 
  people below rank 10 should have access only to hotjoins . 
  if i have 10 minutes , i go to pvp . 
  * daily pvp kills, 
  * daily pvp capture, 
  * daily dodge, 
  * daily condition remover, 
  * daily condition applier, 
  * daily interrupter, 
  and you 'll get these progressed as well :, 
  * daily kills, 
  * skill point accumulator, 
  * daily matches played, 
  i got a question . 
  i have a city which is n't connected to the railway . 
  if i make some regional railroads and connect my city to the railway network kinda far away , will i get trains coming into my city ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  thanks !, 
  i thought that tweaks are positive . 
  kill shot has is an extremely easy-avoidable skill , especially thanks to the long cast time and very clear animation . 
  now when we 'll have to build adrenaline again it wo n't be such threat anymore . 
  goodbye 20k hits :(, 
  ascalon , for quick join ac p3 . 
  or adolf, 
  what 's falling damage ? 
  ~ necromancer, 
  people with more characters are still in advantage . 
  what i did was that i made a list . 
  first i 've put here all story modes i 've unlocked ( you can tell easily , if it offers you explorable , you 've done story ) , then i listed all dungeons i kinda did time to time ( cof p1 & p2 , hotw p1 , ac p1 & p3 ... ) . 
  then i just watched youtube videos of all remaining pathes and i put a mark in the list if it looked familiar to me . 
  i 'm so confused by the commander tags as well . 
  if i buy 4 now for 400g , will i unlock all colors when the patch comes out or just blue + one of my choice ? 
  the important question is , the debuff ( i guess it will have debuff or something like that ) caused by siege disabler , can it be stacked ? 
  can we throw like 9 disablers to disable golem for 3 minutes ? 
   if you have multiple books now , use them !, 
  if i have 3 books now , i wo n't get a refund . 
  if i use them on different characters , i 'll have blue tags everywhere . 
  if i do n't use them , i 'll have 3 blue books which are account-bound which i can use to have tags on each character . 
  what is the difference ? 
  and what happens when i have only 3 books ? 
  you end up having blue tag , same as person who bought just 1 book ? 
  guys from xda would find out . 
  this is what all my sexual fantasies are about . 
  i talked my girlfriend into making a tinder , in just about 5 minutes of right swiping , she got about 280 matches . 
  this world is n't fair for males . 
  over and over again, 
  / r/guildwars2 dodging in a nutshell . 
  those who made this did amazing work !, 
  i would pay so many golds for this !, 
  if you confess that something you 've said before was a lie , does that make you a worse liar ? 
  yawning is not a sign of weariness though . 
  we yawn because we need to remove too hot blood from the brain while introducing cooler blood from the lungs and extremities , thereby cooling the brain surfaces . 
  and by yawning we inhale air which cools the blood in lungs . 
  accidentally , sure . 
  hand this over to / r/theydidthemath, 
  i hope it 's dark inside my body ... 
  it 's that simple ok, 
  imagine how much further progressed we would be if we did n't need to sleep , rest or chill . 
  this is basically the whole idea of botanical garden . 
  if i could write the history , i 'd be the bad boy . 
  permanent contract currently costs as much as 1293 one-time use contracts . 
  since release i have n't changed my hairstyle because i still like it best . 
  who could change is hair so much ? 
  i know many people named mao as well . 
  use them for mystic forge crafting , 
  how about scarlet 's `` dye dye dye '', 
  ** `` a ranger walks into a bar ... '' **, 
  '' ... and gets nerfed . '', 
  '' ... and the bartender tells the ranger no pets allowed . '', 
  '' ... and dies . '', 
  '' ... impossible . 
  nobody invited the ranger to the bar . '', 
  it will be met . 
  aww thank you !,
