  i 'd like to get a key as well , 
  is there really a collision ? 
  from below it just looks like you ca n't step on it . 
  show proof , 
  i always thought that it disappears when you cast different skill while the sword is away . 
  that 's actually really cool !, 
  the last picture has a great view , 
  * efforts to defeat the great office wurm have failed . 
  the great office wurm is terrorizing the officials . 
  when you swim to the stuck/now broken bottom of the drill ( withoud escaping the map ) , you can see something like this , but much smaller . 
  it looks like dragon magic seeking into the world . 
  man that 's a lot of characters . 
  this would be ok if modremoth was big like zhaitan here . 
  i actually do n't mind enraged at all and just go berserker full dps . 
  since firestorm heals when berserker dies , it has been always faster method for me . 
  if you are with a really experienced group , you will kill berserker faster than anyone could be downed . 
  but sometimes i also run this method , depends on a team , both have pros and cons , i just prefer ignoring it . 
  i do it this way :, 
  mesmer for portal, 
  warrior with healing signet and rage signet and 3 shouts ( with shouts heal trait ), 
  i survive with like 15 % hp ( and i do n't even go downed , no vengeance needed ) , dodge , rape skill 1, 
  but sure , mesmer portal , and as a warrior you can fully heal with 4 downed skill . 
  i guess it does n't matter since you will make it either way without downed . 
  i use that build as main so there 's no need for me . 
  but i agree with you that people not running this build should use different tactic , 
  i use this site, 
  you can whisper random people too , so why would this be a problem ? 
  i played runescape and there 's separate guild ( clan ) chat and friends chat - which works basically like party chat , you need to join chat owner , but there could be like 100 people joined , so basically it 's like squad chat without the need of having 100g for commander . 
  buy them with laurels !, 
  this will piss off people with multiple same legendaries so much !, 
  but thumbs up for this because i 'm not one of them !, 
  condolences for you who are . 
  you 're right , but that was just for the skins , this is even worse though :d, 
  * [ skill point to gold values ] ( http://ec2-174-129-236-8.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8000/gw2sp2g/ ), 
  * [ egg baron material promotion sheet ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0as-wcpiszrt9dfb3yjvuvfhfenlduupxtvbidm5qwmc&amp;f=true&amp;noheader=true&amp;gid=12 ), 
  only when i see another player doing it . 
  i salvage blues and whites , sell greens to merchant , sell yellow/exotics to tp ( unless they are not tradeable , then i salvage them with bl kits ) . 
  he-fucking-llo , aurora glade folk here , thanks for letting us be an average wvw server, 
  all my friends left to deso or rof but i will stay because i ca n't afford server transfer, 
  since i 've bought royal terrace pass today i really want anet to put the daily activity npc there , also dungeon tokens npc would be great too . 
  i named my charr samuel l charrison and got him an eyepatch . 
  looks amazing !, 
  at least you do n't get any loading time like you do in captain 's airship . 
  but that wo n't stay forever i guess . 
  ag will be worse than last season , basically every bigger wvw guilds moved to other servers . 
  or krait tonic if you 've missed the living story . 
  and cap is 15 , 
  i remember that i 've been using camtasia when i played runescape . 
  this will be an amazing opportunity for players who have n't had story already . 
  complete whole personal story/get 3g anywhere else . 
  which way would you choose ? 
  but it 's not where cool kids hide . 
  join us - cool kids - in royal terrace or captain 's airship . 
  definitely go for intel , i have amd and gw2 is very badly optimized for it . 
  give this man a medal . 
  try to mix it , 
  complain when you get queue for eotm . 
  nicely done , / u/attunement , 
  not from anet thou , 
  [ ] ( #s `` i know , you 're right , but do n't tell anyone . '' ), 
  oh god look at the karka . 
  kinda reminds me of something . 
  definitely an aviansie from runescape :d, 
  today i 've encountered blobaddon bobbledon . 
  it 's still not update time . 
  it 's probably not gon na happen but you can wait until tommorrow just to be sure , 
  or maybe it will come after/with feature patch . . you never know , but i guess we 'll definitely have it by end of q2 . 
  surprise patch ? 
  wo n't be that funny probably :, 
  1 ) i assume you wo n't be able to use it with another tonic - which look amazing now with those big heads, 
  2 ) your minis wo n't have it, 
  3 ) npcs wo n't have it !, 
  - probably the funniest thing about it , just look at all the world bosses or just any npc in the world . 
  i 'd like it to be an item which transforms everything you see into bobble , like we have it now . 
  not that it transforms just you . 
  but still , it 's very likely that i 'll buy it even if it wo n't be that good as is today , 
  alright let me get this straight ... 
  he 's been telling the story actually for 9 years now ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u02vozoi4pw ) . 
  but the mother died 6 years ago , so he basically still dreams for robin for three years in his marriage !, 
  boooo , ted !, 
  boooo !, 
  you can collect dyes in one hue , material or set , 
  i wonder how it will work , will you still have to choose your home world when creating an account ? 
  you will probably like w8 after it 's windows 8.1 update 1 ( 8th april ) . 
  it 's focused on nontouch devices . 
  we might get start menu back and navigating through the whole system will be more intuitive for mouse , 
  oh you 're right , 
  i kinda do n't get the last part . . let 's say you want to go to cof entrance , since you are in la , you see it uncontested even if it 's contested on the current map you can join at the moment . 
  so will you be able to wp right to the entrance ? 
  too bad it 's * probably * not coming until december :(, 
  oh man . . this will be pain . 
  i did n't know that you can/where to buy any other breathing apparatus than the starting one until 1000 hours of gameplay . 
  also most of my guild did n't know it either . 
  it 's 8 pm gmt , 
  1 ) pvp scene is not in it 's best . 
  i personally like the pvp , but in launch it has been overrated . 
  anet wanted gw2 to be an esport but it 's sorta unfulfilled wish . 
  for ranked matches you will find a good team in matter of minutes ( but it 's still best with people you know , guildies etc ) , but classic custom arenas are fun too . 
  2 ) i do n't know if there 's some kind of official reddit guild , but i know that on ag is guild with tag [ rddt ] , i 've always thought it 's reddit guild but it is actually [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/karmainitiative ), 
  3 ) it 's not .
