every progress is hard , but this seems to make sense to do . 
  we 're nothing without the usa now while europe spends more on the military than the usa , but because there is no european army , the budget is n't spent efficiently, 
  an euro exit is n't going to help them, 
  how are all westerners racist ? 
  that is extremely false . 
  because it did n't work like it should ... `` voor '' voters could stay home and could go vote , depending on the people that showed up it was strategic to stay home instead of vote . 
  po did it wrong too then . . really , that 's no argument, 
  you apparently do n't seem to know geenstijl , they are anti-eu, 
  you 're wrong , at least if you 're talking about countries west from poland, 
  it 's definitely an anti eu group . 
  even germany does n't want to let everybody in without control and checks . 
  also , that 's true in the current eu , not in a federal eu . 
  the current situation gives only more reason to have a federal eu instead of a weak eu and weak member states . 
  a federal eu would be able to create an european border control and asylum policy . 
  thanks for nuancing your opinion . 
  i also don \u00b4 t want every african to come here , i only want to help syrians and other people from countries in war . 
  i don \u00b4 t think those people will \u00b4 fuck up \u00b4 our culture , because we helped them when they needed it , most of them are probably grateful . 
  you are correct in that the majority of the people coming now are not refugees , but people from morocco , nigeria and go on . . 
  they should definitely be blocked at the border . 
  they don \u00b4 t need our help . 
  also , the people that raped women in cologne ( k\u00f6ln ) were mostly moroccans and other africans ( from countries that are not in war / are safe ) . 
  it is not ethical to block all those people coming from a country in war . 
  i do n't think a common border policy would fuel euroscepticism , i think the opposite would happen . 
  the eu would finally get power to do something everybody wants . 
  you have no feeling, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  those people are just humans . 
  it 's not going down, 
  yes , of course . 
  criticism on hungary must always be pc . 
  confusing article then , it makes it seem that they are gon na inspect it because of the problems with the belgian plants, 
  clean nuclear plants which have a lot of problems , that 's why germany and the netherlands are complaining about doel . . 
  the netherlands is also split, 
  that 's sad to hear that . 
  i hope you guys get better political parties , who are n't trying to create a new hungary/russia and acknowledge the fact that poland has gained a lot from the eu . 
  yeah lets not become usa 2.0, 
  that will probably just take time to change . 
  dubbing is practically always worse than subs , because of audio/video sync and non-original voices . 
  yes , because reading the first sentence is enough to understand the article / s, 
  they have a lot more in common than you think . . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_europe since when are you are marxist when you 're an european federalist ? 
  that 's a start , but they should expand !, 
  gigabit fiber for 10 $ is awesome . 
  even if it 's more expensive in west europe , it still would be great, 
  ca n't you bring your internet to the rest of the eu ? 
  i 'm really sorry about that . 
  our government should stop doing that . 
  borders between european countries are indeed awful and should never come back . 
  we have a shared culture ( even when all the regions are different in their own way ) . 
  borders between european countries and asian/african countries should definitely exist . 
  you 're looking way too much at history instead of the future . 
  the army will definitely not be used to control citizens . 
  the guardian ? 
  and even then you have a very low corporate tax of 12.5 %, 
  governments are all unelected , you elect the parliament and then parties try to make a coalition . 
  junker 's party the epp won the most seats , so he formed the european commission . 
  pretty sexist to think only males of a certain age should defend their country . 
  how can that be ? 
  technically speaking , streaming is downloading, 
  you just need the churches etc to shut up with their christian anti-loving morals, 
  a good vpn should protect you 100 % as long as your torrents do n't download when your vpn disconnects, 
  seems almost like the most smart and logical choice is a better / federal eu if they are almost all for that . . 
  yes , that 's totally not violating the constitution of all european countries . 
  jesus , it looks like a lot of people here have forgotten woii, 
  which is actually a great phone, 
  i agree on the part that we should n't lose control . 
  we do , as the eu , have to give refugees ( real refugees ) asylum . 
  i do, 
  everybody who is n't an is terrorist is a victim . 
  you think it 's positive , but we will see . . 
  i do n't agree , i would argue that he is being unique and he 's able to bring such a true message with a joke lol, 
  sounds like a solid strategy, 
  ehm no . 
  nato is n't a single army, 
  i do think most people ( 70-30 ) would vote remain in the netherlands if it comes to a referendum . 
  you ca n't compare us to the british . 
  because an european army has focus on europe and it would make our defense expenses much more efficient ( than every country for its own ), 
  there is nothing safe about a nuclear bomb, 
  there is a difference between a european defense and german defense so maybe she is honest, 
  why ? 
  nexit is n't possible with our constitution , it does n't allow binding referendums and our law does n't allow referendums about the eu membership . 
  secondly , 80 % of the parliament is pro-eu ( or at least neutral ) . 
  i did n't say anything about a downfall by the way , i just think it was a very stupid decision of the british people that will cost them many jobs , a lot of money and stability . 
  if they had informed themselves , they would have known that . 
  that 's why i reacted with ' #brexit ' . 
  the swiss logic that people inform themselves unfortunately does n't seem to hold true everywhere . 
  yes of course . . #brexit, 
  this looks like some weirdass german-dutch combination lol, 
  i hope he is n't a business man , he does n't seem to be trustworthy . 
  if you agree to something , you should n't be surprised if you violate the contract that it gets nulled . 
  i do n't think we 're as stupid as the british . 
  secondly , the netherlands probably has fewer poor areas and thirdly , is more heavily attached to the eu ( and germany ) . 
  it would be even more suicide for us than for the uk . 
  do note that often the polls are wrong about the pvv, 
  yes i noticed the same idiots on the nexit facebook page, 
  that 's sounds very negative and i do n't think they want more of that lol, 
  i do n't think you would be swallowed up . 
  some things need to be centralized ( eu ) but there also a lot of things which should n't be centralized and should be down to the national / state ( depends on how it 's called then ) level and lower levels . 
  an united europe where almost everything is decided in brussels would be incredibly stupid and also does n't seem to be what eu officials want in the end . 
  an european army managed from brussels would n't need a opt-in from ireland , because they should have their own resources . 
  just like california and vermont do n't have their own army .
