  everybody who is n't brain washed government dupe knows what a horrible idea is to give more power over internet to the government . 
  to the same government that just released that torturing people is `` sort of ok sometimes '' ... 
  amd just knows it ca n't afford to say so right now . 
  that depends :, 
  are you socialist college student who loves everything with the words equal in it or do you actually have any knowledge of networking / economics . 
  or just plain good common sense to know that giving more power over the internet to government that tortures and jails people for speaking out is not really a good idea . 
  that depends : are you socialist college student who loves everything with the words equal in it or do you actually have any knowledge of networking / economics . 
  or just plain good common sense to know that giving more power over the internet to government that tortures and jails people for speaking out is not really a good idea . 
  matrox uses amd gpus as far as i know . 
  oooooh without our wise overlords in congress regulating everything we would be dead ... oh my god ... 
  you know what is the main cause of anticonsumer behavior ? 
  lack of competition . 
  you know what is the main cause of lack of competition ? 
  the government . 
  i do n't have solutions . 
  market has solutions . 
  but if you gon na interfere with it everywhere and then cry `` market failure '' you are not gon na accomplish anything . 
  keeps the water clean , keeps the food safe ? 
  o ' h really ... jesus christ mate i guess first we have to get rid of government schools to stop this ridicilous propaganda ... than maybe in generation we can see some progress . 
  it was actually the goverment who during the industrial era ruled in the favor of big bussiness and stoped small farmers and other people suing corporations for polluting their land and air ... instead they set up agencies which set up some arbitrary rules ( and guess who calls shots in these agencies ... ) . 
  title ii is just fancy words for government agency having more control over isp industry . 
  i guess we are back in soviet russia - back then to think that communism is bad it meant that you are either paid by the west or just plainly insane - so people got put into asylums for speaking out ... . 
  i am self-employed networking technician . 
  i wish somebody would pay me :-) but i guess since you know better than me and since to have any other opinion than yours on the subject is just plainly idiotic somebody had to pay me ... gg logic . 
  net neutrality has 2 sides - one is technical and other is political . 
  the political is obvious - government having more control over isp and therefore internet and information means possibility for freedom of speech violation , censorship and other bad things . 
  and do n't think they wo n't use such powers - just look at what they are doing today with patriot act and asking microsoft for data of overseas consumers ... 
  and then there is the technical side . 
  net neutrality means no prioritizng of certain traffic . 
  which is just plain wrong and stupid . 
  sorry but not every packet is equal - some data is more time sensitive than other ( email / video ( thanks to buffers ) / bulk data can afford to be delivered few ms late where as for instance gaming packets or voip ( are we on pcgaming right ) being 20ms late means the difference between being killed in a match or not ) . 
  sure in the ideal world where we have unlimited bandwidth and routers that are so fast that they never get congested we would n't need to prioritize traffic - but in the real world we want to be as efficient as possible with our infrastructure and use it to its maximum potential . 
  if you want `` net neutrality '' - i.e. 
  equal treating of all packets you can get it now - just buy a dedicated line ( as opposed to being on a budget shared medium ) but be prepared to pay for it . 
  net neutrality has 2 sides - one is technical and other is political . 
  the political is obvious - government having more control over isp and therefore internet and information means possibility for freedom of speech violation , censorship and other bad things . 
  and do n't think they wo n't use such powers - just look at what they are doing today with patriot act and asking microsoft for data of overseas consumers ... 
  and then there is the technical side . 
  net neutrality means no prioritizng of certain traffic . 
  which is just plain wrong and stupid . 
  sorry but not every packet is equal - some data is more time sensitive than other ( email / video ( thanks to buffers ) / bulk data can afford to be delivered few ms late where as for instance gaming packets or voip ( are we on pcgaming right ) being 20ms late means the difference between being killed in a match or not ) . 
  sure in the ideal world where we have unlimited bandwidth and routers that are so fast that they never get congested we would n't need to prioritize traffic - but in the real world we want to be as efficient as possible with our infrastructure and use it to its maximum potential . 
  if you want `` net neutrality '' - i.e. 
  equal treating of all packets you can get it now - just buy a dedicated line ( as opposed to being on a budget shared medium ) but be prepared to pay for it . 
  that was like the worst possible analogy i 've ever heard :d, 
  windows key + p bings up a menu ( works really fast in windows 8.1 ), 
  i have the same issue i have to choose `` second screen only '' :d ... which kinda sucks but whatever :-), 
  well might be also because you have more than 2 screens ... 
  but i am not sure about that, 
  ussually it comes down to rma policy/best cooler ( you have to see reviews for that ) and marketing . 
  evga is ussualy said to be the best nvidia vendor, 
  dont bother ... even the most recent chipset ( and there fore most expensive - like x97 ) will at max support one more gen of intel cpu which will be like + -10 % faster ... so just get this cheap mobo and upgrade to some second locked i5 and you are just fine - or upgrade to new mobo when the time comes . 
  please understand that vast majority of users are on a shared medium because it makes sense and under the terms of services the speeds are not guaranteed - so they get exactly what they paid for . 
  if you want exactly guaranteed speed all the time - you can get that too but it is lot more expensive . 
  and it doesnt make any sense to have that much bandwidth reserved all the time for every user when 90 % of users use like 1 % of that bandwidth . 
  you would have to have a ridicilously overbuilt infrastructure for that and it would drive prices up for everybody . 
  law like that would be stupid . 
  so its a violent game ... who gives a fuck ... and if you are offended by it then you might aswell be offended by fucking counter strike, 
  ... - its a game where you play as a terrorist that is trying to blow up a nuke or holding hostages ... so on so on ... 
  get over it . 
  shoot them in the head :d, 
  2x 290/290x or r9 295x2 is better/cheaper than 970sli @ 4k . 
  not to mention xdma crossfire with framepacing is a lot better experience than sli with stutter . 
  and this is according to numbers before omega drivers hit ... 
  it died long time ago . 
  those cards dropped in price a lot when 970 showed up . 
  ( 2x 290x is actually less expensive and more powerful than 970sli but they are little bit more power hungry ), 
  amd drivers are at pretty much at the same level as nvidia unless you are running linux - where they suck at the moment . 
  and they did some awesome stuff with crossfire technology on their cards ( you do n't need crossfire bridge anymore and they have lot less stuttering thanks to framepacing ) . 
  anyway if i were you i 'd go for the 970 as a stopgap - there arent any 2 cards right now that can max 4k . 
  q1 2015 amd is gon na release next gen of their cards using hbm and 20nm litography - so that might be some serious jump in performance ( if the leaked benches turn to be true ) . 
  so either get that or wait for 980ti . 
  the reason why it didnt change is because it is essentially perfect . 
  imo 280 is more apropriate - or if you do some balls to the wall overclocking then you should be fine, 
  lol it was nerfed like 5 days ago and you are all pissed out that they are ignoring it ... lol lol lol, 
  actually i think its ok right now - maybe buffing the kill reward would make sense otherwise its pretty much ok . 
  if you are smart enough you can get some semiprofessional router - such as mikrotik routerboard and set it up yourself . 
  just do a virtual ppp interface and then find out ports that cs is using and just set up few simple rules about which traffic exits through which interface ... aint nothing too hard about it . 
  the thing that happens to me a lot is really uneven ranks when playing - for instance we qued as one nova 2 one nova 4 and 2 mg1 and get put against team of 4 mg1 and one mg2 ... . 
  it was good close game but anyway shit like this imho shouldnt happen, 
  well the game would be close if the were at the same ranks too the difference is we would 've propably won that one ... 
  i am aware of how it used to be before ( i played lot of 1.6 ) i just thought that when they revamped it we finally could see some of it played competitively - there are plenty of maps that arent balanced in de _ and it doesnt stop them from being played . 
  and i think there could be ways to make cs _ map to be somewhat balanced . 
  but yeah it would propably be more boring to watch . 
  because of the camping aspect . 
  i have 1gb ram already and i feel that 1 +2 ( 3gb total ) is enough for dual core browsing/multimedia machine . 
  i am propably gon na try it its like 5bucks anyway so if it doesnt work no big deal imho its worth the risk :-), 
  you sure about that because i have 2 +4 gb in my laptop and it does say it works in dual channel ( well atleast 2 +2 do work in that ), 
  bullshit - the damage nerf was the most important one ... . it did more damage than the fricking m4 ... so people even pulled that shit out when turning close corners ... 
  is dual channel that important thoug for overall system performance ? 
  did some googling and apparently there is a thing called asymetric dualchannel - basically , the dimms will work in what 's called flex mode ( dual channel and single channel modes ) . 
  the matching portion of the mismatched dimms will work in dual channel mode and the left-over portion of the larger-sized dimm will work in single channel mode . 
  most importantly 8 vs 12 bullets would make make almost no difference for pro players - because they are gon na hit their enemy in the first few shots or die anyway :-), 
  yes, 
  if your cpu isnt unlocked overclocking using fsb is the only way ... 
  you also might try to underclock it a little + reseat the heatsink - maybe its just silicon degradation :-), 
  well if you can wait waiting is always better as new technology comes :-), 
  but carrizo propably wont be upgrade for you - ... 
  unless they release 3/4 module excavator part on fd-soi - but that is just wishfull thinking . 
  and the carrizo launch is mobile part only .
