  implying amds architecture is inferior ... its not . 
  just because stupid people do n't know what words mean does n't mean i am gon na change my dictionary for them . 
  i for one like the word capitalism . 
  honestly i think amd has a lot going for it to take this gen. 
  a ) rumours about pascal being largely just shrinked maxwell with added compute and few tweaks - so no major uarch changes that add dx12 capabilities . 
  b ) console effects - everything is getting optimized for gcn . 
  c ) gf 14nm has better density ( so amd can have smaller die with the same amount of transistors ) . 
  ( although maybe tsmc will clock higher so the difference might be offset due to that . ), 
  d ) the amd marketing team seems to be doing a lot better now and it shows . 
  the `` driver stigma '' seems to be gone now . 
  good . 
  what you should have propably done instead is to buy a sma pigtail and just solder the wire . 
  but good job anyway :-), 
  mid and lowend is where most cards sell . 
  nvidia will have nothing to counter them in that segment initially . 
  nvidia has soc tech to make consoles ... . 
  arm cores + their gpus would work just fine . 
  `` they could barely offer more than cost per chip . 
  so while it drove a lot of sales for ati , they barely broke even . . hence ati 's financials being poor despite selling millions of chips to console makers . '', 
  even if they just broke even it would have been win win - sony ms paid for development which they could reuse and they needed to produce lot of chips anyway due to wsa . 
  not true ,, 
  this has to be troll . 
  after 3 days . 
  stannis isnt dead he just hid under a dumpster . 
  nope . 
  but if you want more performance than i5 then you can go for a haswell xeon . 
  for instance i5-6600k and xeon e3-1231v3 ( basically i7 4770 ) are almost the same price . 
  and the xeon will outperform it a lot in 95 % of scenarios . 
  he asked if buying a k part is worth it . 
  i answered nope . 
  that is the short answer . 
  the long answer is no because unless you plan on buying the most expensive cpu intel offers then you are better off spending the money you would spend on k cpu + the money you would spend on overclocking mobo + the money you would spend on a beefy cooler on a better cpu in the first place . 
  it is only plothole if you believe that the necklace is what keeps her young . 
  it was n't explained . 
  she might be in control of the magic and taking of everything was just symbolic . 
  wow how does country with more oil than saudis have an `` energy crisis '' and goes without electricity ... 
  amd cpus in the era had superior memory controller than intel counterparts ( it was also integrated into the cpu where as intel had them as part of the chipset . ), 
  those sticks are high-density memory - meaning they use higher capacity memory chips on them . 
  amd platforms are compatible with it intels are n't . 
  bought + -8 sticks of ram from ebay and they worked just fine . 
  if the guys were selling not working items they would have shitty ebay rating . 
  paper launch ? 
  they showed a running working gpu in january ? 
  do you really think they are gon na paper launch ? 
  and they have all the capacity they need with priority ( due to wsa ) at glofo and compatible node at samsung . 
  i could see them selling the non-x variant first and saving the best dies for mobile / apple contract ( having limited numbers of the full dies or launching full die later on ) . 
  but no way are they gon na paper launch . 
  not really 14nm for small dies ( which is what polaris is ) has been in full production for pretty long time . 
  thank you for that - i managed to fix it ( do n't know for how long ) by applying wd40 on that microswitch . 
  now it works flawlessly :d, 
  tek syndicate video made me buy them - i had to buy a velour earpads though because the original ones made me sweat a lot . 
  now i am very happy with them . 
  its from ikea - the desk is called arkelstorp . 
  and i am very happy with it - enough space and huge upgrade from the smallish table i had before . 
  well i only have it since autumn so i do n't know how its gon na be in summer but right now its just fine . 
  nothing fancy - cannon powershot sx4101s - very cheap camera 20mp with 40x optical zoom ( i work in telecomunications so i have an actual use for shooting pictures of stuff thats far away . ), 
  nope its just regular older 5:4 1280x1024 . 
  19 '' ips dell professional p1914s . 
  works well enough side by side with 24 '' 1080p the difference in vertical pixels is not too jarring . 
  pretty nice screen for the ridiculously low price i paid for it - it even has pivot . 
  this is literally sexist . 
  those feminist fight imaginary sexism with a real sexism . 
  what comes next fucking to preserve virginity ? 
  all those university leftist that talk about how much they support diversity only seem to support diversity of gender color of skin and other meaningless bullshit . 
  they never seem to support the one that matters - diversity of opinion . 
  they shout down who they disagree with , try to cancel their events and ridicilous shit like that . 
  yup thats about the only one i could think of . 
  because vagina . 
  what exactly do you even mean by `` legend '' . 
  if you have ton of them then that word doesnt mean shit . 
  john carmack is a legend . 
  some dev who just got out of school and made indie game is not . 
  oh my god how do you dare to say it you f-cking realist !!!, 
  i need to go to my save space asap !!!, 
  guess what m8 - its not only what you have between legs that separates genders ... 
  humans are sexually dimorphic species with lot of differences between genders . 
  mind-blown right ? 
  women have different preferences than men . 
  they have different bodies . 
  they have different brains . 
  - tower ( diy modded full tower case of unknown make and model from circa 2001 ) :, 
  mobo : asus m4a89gtd usb3 am3 ( runing beta bios to support fx ), 
  cpu : fx 8350, 
  ram : 8gb 1600mhz kingston dual-channel, 
  gpu : gigabyte hd 7970 ghz edition ( i want polaris already :-) :-) ), 
  cooler : scythe ninja 3 with noctua 14mm redux fan, 
  psu : seasonic m12 620w, 
  - screens :, 
  lg 24ea53 ips 24 '' 1080p ( overclocked @ 70fps ), 
  keyboard : tesoro durandal ( one of the few mechanical keyboards offered in my country with proper language layout ), 
  mouse : razer deathadder 2013, 
  speakers : logitech 5 +1 setup, 
  earphones : superlux hd668b with velour pads, 
  and xbone controler + plantronics stand microphone . 
  damn what a stupid way to build a castle ... like i am the king and on the way to my bedchambers i get soaking wet from a damn storm ? 
  fuck that, 
  with cs : go , lol , dota propably yes . 
  and those are competetivie esports game that will benefit the most . 
  on a bmw preferably ( i3 on i3 ) :d, 
  the graphics are a lot better without geforce :d amd masterrace i guess :d,
