  newer games seem to be using more threads much better than older so it is propably not bottlenecking your gpu all that much in them ( apart from few stinkers such as fallout 4 ) . 
  you would propably gain + - 10 % -20 % in most games by upgrading to intel and more in certain titles . 
  so i would ` nt really do it unless you play some of those games a lot ( lets say arma / dayz ) or you are planning to upgrade your gpu aswell . 
  ok guys seriously give ubisoft credit where credit is due - their latest game seem to be much better optimized than the trainwreck that was unity . 
  those games use all the cpu cores they can get and scale well with gpu power ( division , ac : syndicate ) . 
  saying that it is `` unfair '' is bullcrap . 
  however the reality is that they simply ca n't afford to make a game for high-end pcs only . 
  their engine has to run well on consoles where they will sell majority of their copies . 
  having special effects just for highend machines cost extra - and lets be honest if they have them then there is the people that will complain that their gpu ca n't run it at ultra mega settings . 
  i am ok if we get a good , well optimized port that thanks to its console heritage scales well to multiple cores . 
  and that scales well with additional gpu power . 
  games like ac : syndicate or division are exactly that - they look fine and scale great with hw - i 'd much rather have that than fallout 4 that has all the additional gameworks effects but is optimised like crap . 
   they had no real reason to hold back , and they did . 
  `` more effort into the game visuals for the high-end builds '' - effort cost money . 
  money is a reason . 
  money is the reason . 
  it sure is a step in a right direction - now they admit it before they were like - hey does unity run like shit on almost everything ? 
  its amds fault !, 
  that is not what wikipedia says . 
  wikipedia says that basically the only reason to provide water was so he can get around government law that forbid banking through a loophole that said he can use `` surplus capital '' for banking . 
  so i expect that he was n't going around poor neigborhoods asking for a dollar to give them drinking water - but rather going to investors showing them his plan . 
  so yeah title is misleading . 
  read the wikipedia article . 
  the title is misleading af . 
  read the wikipedia article . 
  the title is misleading af . 
  the only reason for the water stuff was to go around a law through a loophole - his full intent was always banking . 
  and that was propably well known to the people who invested the money . 
  ca n't blame a man for that . 
  not everywhere in europe :p ( one proudly armed european here . ), 
  fuck dat lets go full binary !, 
  i would like my gtx 0000010000111000, 
  so basically enjoying your job is a bad thing . 
  ah the good old days of upga boards . 
  atleast amd still has them :d, 
  my expectations :, 
  ipc-wise between ivy and haswell . 
  clock-wise - this is very hard to say as we dont have any info - i 'm gon na be conservative and say between 3ghz - 3.5 ghz base . 
  so lower than intels . 
  so how is amd gon na compete ? 
  imho its gon na be the old `` moar coars '' however now is finnaly a time for that :-), 
  sandy-e regularly beats haswell quads even in games so even now it doesnt matter all that much . 
  i expect :, 
  zen quad + ht ( with slightly higher clocks perhaps ) vs i5 . 
  zen hexa vs i7 quad + ht, 
  disclaimer : all these expectations are mostly just an educated guess . 
  dafaq is `` 50 plus bronze '', 
  yeah but i 'd argue that motherboards go bad far more often than cpus - so you do n't have to worry about sending them . 
  well imho its non issue either way you just have to worry about keeping the piece of protecting plastic :-), 
  i am kinda ashamed that i bought tomb raider for 5eur for this exact reason :d ... game ? 
  fuck the game it has benchmark tool !, 
  `` the latest update provided to partners includes , among other things , code that aligns with the position that we do not recommend overclocking processors that have not been designed to do so . '', 
  that is politician level double speak . 
  reminds me of `` taxes are voluntary '' . 
  k cpu just means that it has unlocked multiplier so you can o.c. 
  easily . 
  back in the day every cpu was overclockable using bclk/fsb clock - which basically overclocks whole system together ( ram + cpu and such ) and you had to manually downclock ram . 
  however intel then tied pcie clocks to the bclk and that meant when you overclocked your pcie devices ( gpu ) they would run out of specs - so basically you couldnt overclock anymore using bclk . 
  in skylake they untied the pcie clocks enabling bclk overclocking - everybody rejoiced ... and boom now they disabled overclocking for non k. parts . 
  every cpu could be overclocked before sandy bridge using bclk . 
  in sandy bridge due to more integration they tied pcie clocks to bclk so you which basically disabled that and the only way you could overclock was by using multiplier ( `` the easy way '' ) . 
  in skylake however those frequencies are separate opening the option to go back to bclk overclocking . 
  however now intel disabled it and you can only overclock `` k '' skus . 
  unlocked doesnt mean you can overclock . 
  it means that the multiplier is unlocked and you can overclock the easy way using cpu frequency multiplier . 
  you can and could ( until now ) overclock locked cpus using bclk / fsb clocks . 
  i do n't think there is any evidence that intel bins chip this way . 
  the much more likely possibility is that they are simply the exactly same chips with different microcode that enables those features . 
  you underestimate what cpus can handle a lot ... all cpus were overclockable up until sandy bridge generation - and nobody complained about them going bad . 
  this `` unsupported feature '' was with us from the old days up until very recently . 
  all cpus were overclockable like this until sandy bridge . 
  the only reason that stopped being the case was because of more integration in sandy and pcie being tied to bclk which is no longer the case in skylake . 
  they do have that right . 
  its just kinda scummy move . 
  yup . 
  before sandy they used x instead of k but it meant the same thing - unlocked multiplier . 
  maybe instead using divine fallacy , you could actually try to argue against my point . 
  this simply has nothing to do with engineering or support and everything to do with market segmentation and trying not to cannibalize their own sales , anybody with little understanding of the industry can see this . 
  well except this is not the case - bunch of fm2 + cpus and apus are sold with locked multipliers and am1 aswell . 
  however bclk overclocking is alive and well :-), 
  obviously so we can bash intel :d, 
  such a great spin from intel pr . 
  this is politician level bullshit ( `` we must close the gun show loophole '' blah blah blah ) . 
  this was not loophole . 
  every cpu up until sandy bridge was overclockable using bclk and the only reason sandy was n't was because of technical reasons - higher integration meant pcie clocks tied to bclk . 
  skylake has those clocks separate - so there are no technical reasons why it should n't work and every reason reason why it should . 
  intel just said fuck it and forbid oems from making bioses that allow it . 
  yup however you can use bclk to overclock them without any problems . 
  every cpu up until sandy bridge was overclockable using bclk and the only reason sandy was n't was because of technical reasons - higher integration meant pcie clocks tied to bclk . 
  skylake has those clocks separate . 
  so yeah the function has loooong history . 
  ehm locked multiplier still means you can overclock using baseclock . 
  so no - amd doesnt do the same thing . 
  well in sandy it was `` locked '' because of technical reasons - higher integration meant pcie tied to baseclock . 
  now its just market segmentation reasons . 
  3dfx actually tried doing it . 
  in the history books it was written as one of their biggest mistakes - they competed with their own clients . 
  well 3dfx is no more . 
  their only legacy now is the sli acronym . 
  which means something else today anyway :-),
