  you meant am3 + . 
  yes indeed i agree . 
  i was talking about people runing am3 platform ( phenom ii ) sometimes being able to use the same mobo for fx and not having to buy am3 + . 
  and fx8350 is pretty damn good upgrade if you do n't need to buy a new mobo . 
  if you have decent aircooler you should be able to get 3.6-3 .8 ghz without any problems and maybe even more if you are lucky . 
  he is spreading it like if he was making a sandwich ... 
  it might get better in the future though seeing as the consoles are 8core apus ... 
  when your computer is idling it uses much less power then when it is not . 
  its not that simple ... if you think the fricking government that helped creating the `` monopoly '' and keeps it up with anticompetitive laws and corruption is gon na help you fight against it you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5z_nbhfpmk4 for full a overview of net neutrality including history ( beware its longer than this 3 minute video ), 
  guys do n't want to sound mean or anything but net neutrality is not the solutions . 
  giving more control of the internet to the fricking government ( that created and keeps up this isp monopoly with its anticompetitive laws and corruption ) is sure as hell not gon na help the small guys and it will make the isp market even harder to entry for new competition . 
  you can watch this complete overview of net neutrality including history of the internet you never heard about @, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5z_nbhfpmk4 ( warning longer than 1 hour ), 
  well mate i hate to break it to you but `` supposed '' is the key word . 
  tell me more please about your last experiences with some government buerocracy - let 's say dmv and for example starbucks corporation ... who gave you better service ? 
  does starbucks care about you ? 
  well they care for your money so they have to provide service good enough so you do n't go have your coffee somewhere else . 
  does dmv care about ? 
  they do n't give a shit - you ca n't go anywhere else , they do n't profit from giving you service , you are just a nuisance for them , a neccesary evil , they have to serve you . 
  and you ca n't influence them in any way ( you do n't vote buerocrats ... ), 
  so why does n't isp care about you atleast as much as starbucks ? 
  well cause they are ussualy the only game in town . 
  and why is that ? 
  that is pretty complicated question - its mostly the governmetn that is responsible with its anticompetitive laws . 
  ( you can watch this for historical overview of net neutrality https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5z_nbhfpmk4 ), 
  i would ` nt believe that much about being `` underfunded '' the government spending actually keeps growing and growing ( look at graphs ... ) - how they spend the money is different matter . 
  and the second point - well i would argue its not the case ( i actually work for small local isp in czech republic ( middle europe ) - and we do n't have that complex regulations - what we have is competition and the keeps us in check ) . 
  the problem with regulations is that they are ussualy written by the big companies that are connected with the government - so they wo n't go after themselves but ussualy just try to drown smaller fish with all the rules ( small companies can hardly afford whole department of lawyers to comply ) . 
  and that is the nature of government - the more power it has the more it attracts corruption and the more that power is perverted and pointed against us . 
  fx6300 / fx8350 are very nice chips for their price the problem with them is that you are essentialy buying into a dead socket that wont recieve any upgrades ( 95 % sure but hope never dies ) . 
  if you already have an early bulldozer chip then by all means i would suggest you to upgrade or if you have an late am3 board ( 890fx chipset ) that supports fx cpus then those are great upgrade over phenom chips ( that was my case ) . 
  well fx6300 is basically 760k with two more cores ( and if want more cores just get 8350 its not that much more expensive ) ... so that wouldnt be much of an upgrade in badly coded games . 
  but ... there is 860k coming out very soon which is kaveri without igpu it should have better singlethreaded performance - wait for the benchmarks and see if it is worth it to you to upgrade . + if you do n't already have one buy a aftermarket cooler and overclock . 
  overclocked 860k should imho be good enough . 
  oh wait you already basically have 860k ( a10 7850 ) . 
  in that case there is only one chance for your fm2 + - carrizo should drop sometime in 2015 which would feature excavator core . 
  if you need good cpu now i would ( mainly because of am3 + being dead ) suggest you look into intels offering ... ( and believe me i do n't like saying that , cause intel has been pulling all sort of anticompetitive shenanigans over the years and i do n't like supporting that company . 
  truth is if 8350 wasnt compatible with my old am3 mobo i would propably just wait with my overclocked phenom ii 965 until the new architecture ) . 
  btw : i am very happy with my 8350 ( currently running undervolted and overclocked @ 4.2 ) , very quietly and very cold ( scythe ninja 3 ) . 
  i still get minor problems in badly coded games ( such as wolf : new order ) but i setting graphics to medium helps and i am okay with playing those few singleplayer games at that settings and that should go away soon as more games will utilize all the cores ( consoles have 8core apus ), 
  yup i had phenom ii x4 965 until recently and it is great cpu that you should be able to play most games 1080p medium with a good gpu, 
  samsung 535 laptop sporting amd dual-core a6-4455m accelerated processor ( 2.1 ghz , 2mb l2 cache ) - considering its basically the same size as macbook air it is a pretty good performer ... not enough for most games though ( atleast can play lol on low with 60 + fps ( fps  details anyday ), 
  i do n't think that would help ... btw try upgrading your bios . 
  well mate if your game doesnt need more then 4gigs of ram there are no benefits of making it 64bit application - actually there are performance drawbacks - and we already see some 64bit games ( such as battlefield 4 ) ... 
  where as more cores bring beneftis . 
  and lowest common denominators are the consoles with 8 anemic ( 1.6 ghz ) cpu cores - so the developers have no other way of making a decent looking game than to multithread a lot . 
  get ssd its totally worth it . 
  hell no x99 is expensive as fuck ... for gaming ... go with i5 or 8350, 
  well there is no point in buying x99 for gaming - x99 is platform form workstations - ddr4 expensive as shit ... i5 is all you need - i would suggest 8350 but am3 + is dead socket so there is no upgrade patch :(, 
  depends on what you have now . 
  of course but even if he wanted to go intel there would be no point in going socket 2011 for his uses, 
  i just recently ( about a month ago ) upgraded from my phenom x4 965 to 8350 ( on the same am3 board - a lot of them do support fx with just a bios upgrade ) and i am very happy with it . 
  and if you are thinking about getting 8350 now is the time with the recent price drops . 
  7970 ghz edition owner here ... runs like a champ, 
  imho wait that rig is good enough to last till 2015/2016 . 
  with more and more nextgen games utilizing more cores ( consoles having octacore cpus ) the main selling point of intel offerings is fading . 
  i 'd run a vpn ( for example pptp ) server on one machine and the the other router would act as a client . 
  that way you could share one subnet . 
  but you would propably better routers ( not so sure about how much is vpn traffic cpu dependant on those babies ) . 
  but that is propably last resort . 
  first try to talk to the networking guys and convince them to put your router in that room ... 
  it that doesnt work it might be easier to just run a another cable or use the second wireless ap as a repeater . 
  802.11 a is the same speed as 802.11 g only on 5ghz network which can be even worse than 2.4 ghz ( the higher the frequency the more trouble walls cause ) . 
  so lets edit it - make sure you have 802.11 n with mimo and choose what band you want to broadcast depending on your situation ( how much the wireless spectrum is crowded and how far away your aps would be ) . 
  802.11 ac is imho too expensive right now . 
  if we are talking about routers destkop and laptops cpus are n't really the numbers we should look at :-), 
  if you go by volume most software routers nowadays use either arm or mips for cpus and both of those are members of hsa foundation . 
  qualcomm atheros is a member and so is broadcom - just those two are majority of consumer wireless routers . 
  kaveri apu which has heterogeneus system architecture is up to 7x quicker at plotting and doing thousands of calculations in libreoffice calc ( microsoft excel alternative ) than comparable intel cpu with its gpu . 
  hsa gets rid of the latency caused by copying everything into gpu memory before calculations . 
  the technology is still in its infancy and we only have one product that actually uses it and only very few applications that are programmed to take advantage of it . 
  but since cpus are hitting a performance wall and improving very slowly i am kinda excited what comes out of it . 
  is that phenom overclocked ? 
  if not it is definetly bottlenecking . 
  if yes it is still propably bottleneckiung a bit - depends on how the game uses it . 
  source : been running phenom x4 965 with hd7970 ghz edition ( = 280x - comparable to 760 ), 
  btw i suggest you upgrade to 8350 ( if your mobo can support it ) i 've done the same and most of the bottlenecking is gone :-) very happy with that cpu, 
  your build is 350 $ ... 
  building pcs in that range is not advisable anyway you need to build in the mainstream price spot or you are losing price-performance ratio, 
  the price difference between 6350 and 8350 is n't that big so i would pick 8350 for longevity . 
  ( buying 6350 imho isnt that big of an upgrade ) . 
  i was running my 965 @ 3.8 ghz and even then it struggled a lot in games such as wolfenstein new order . 
  since i upgraded i 've seen solid performance gains even in games that use only few of the cores . 
  and most importantly it runs a lot more queit and colder then my 965 did ( i am running the 8350 now undervolted and slightly overclocked @ 4.2 ghz ), 
  well in that case there is the 8370e ( 95w ) or you could just get the 8350 and run it at stock undervolted . 
  wolfenstein the new order and mafia 1 are imho the only games with movie quality stories.and i did cry a little at the end of wolf :d, 
  well 8370e is not out yet and it is 95watt part so you should be able to use that when it comes out ... 
  anyway i find it strange that your mobo supports 125watt phenoms but doesnt support most 125w fx cpus . 
  and just a point about those manufacturer compatibility charts ... , . 
  my mobo only supports buldozzer cpus in beta ( i am running 890fx chipset from the am3 days ) ... no support for piledriver - yet my fx8350 runs like a champ with zero problems . 
  pc gaming nowadays is mostly seamless and you do n't have to worry too much about fiddling with drivers and stuff . 
  the costs is ussualy a bit higher upfront ( partly thanks to the 100 $ you pay for windows license ... thank god i have free from msdnaa ) but you will make it back quickly because you do n't pay online fees and games are ussualy considerably cheaper . 
  upgrading is up to you - if you are happy with playing at medium/low settings 30fps ( `` console quality '' ) then by all means you do n't have to upgrade ... but for instance i ca n't stand playing a game at low framerates so i am very happy to upgrade every once and a while . 
  anyway a pc @ around 600 $ -700 $ should last you whole gen playing games at much higher graphics than what consoles have . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  gr8 r8 m8 no deb8, 
  been running several amd cards over the last 5years only problem i had was occasionaly i had to reinstal catalyst control center because i couldnt get into config ( i did n't even had to do that everything else worked perfectly just the config utility wouldnt start . ), 
  i 've been running non-reference cards ( curently gigabyte 7970 ghz edition ( = 280x ) ) so i ca n't speak for reference designs but the they run pretty damn quiet in idle if you tweak the fan curve and i ca n't hear them when gaming trough my headphones so no problems there . 
  temps are ok too .
