  with this you can carry concealed 2 firearms ( whichever you choose - so technically you can ccw a long guns ) . 
  and you can open carry on private property which allows it ( for instance mall security ) . 
  with this `` license '' you can buy basically any gun except for fully automatics ( which you can technically own aswell but they require a special may issue permit , which is rarely given - only to collectors musems and such ) . 
  as for self-defense the law is pretty damn good and well written - but the legal precedens is not very strong and in those few rare cases where it happens ( czech republic is ranked amongst the safest places in the world where to live ) the case ussually has to come to some higher court . 
  and right now as a reply and precaution to the recent eu gun regulations , there is a constitional ammendmend to guarantee gunrights being debated in the parliament ( gun ownership amongst mps is quite high ) . 
  legal residence is easy for eu citizens ( shengen ) . 
  non-eu citizens have it harder as they need to get long-term visa and all that paperwork . 
  you dont need permanent residence - temporary residence is enough to get firearms license . 
  however the test itself is in czech language and you ca n't have an interpretor helping you during the test . 
  czech language is not very easy to learn . 
  i 'd say most young people here are left-libertarians or centre-right . 
  as for the genpop - old left is pretty strong , new left ( `` progressives '' ) are fringe , centrists will propably win the next election and right is kinda in bad shape right now - but they deserve it - they 've fallen pretty damn low and they do n't even know what they stand for . 
  ... some forum members are lot smarter than `` professional reviewers '' ... 
   because most people do not oc their systems ... especially when we are talking about a workstation cpu ... 
  they could 've been producing some at samsungs ... so no not obvious . 
  i am an ancap , but i find this meme funny - i would n't mind upvoting it . 
  i always build in snow biome . 
  and riot helmet does have an advantage over coffe can that it gives you some defense against cold . 
  it has its use - sometimes - if you do n't have a wolf helmet or jacket . 
  a ) central banks driving inflation, 
  b ) cpus were kinda stagnating ( thank you ryzen for changing that ), 
  c ) the good enough margin has been reached long ago and most people therefore do n't need to upgrade, 
  although from the other hand this `` stagnation '' of cpus helped me get a pretty damn good deal . 
  few months ago i bought used i7 4790 for the price of the cheapest new i5 , managed to snatch a new budget mobo to drive it - and since i could still use my ddr3 and everything else it was pretty damn cheap aswell ( only like 110eur after recouping some costs by selling fx8350 + old mobo ) . 
   intel 's cpus are still better performance/dollar ( which is just sad ) ,, 
  delusional . 
  wow you get 5 % -10 % better performance in today 's games at the price of 50-75 % worse performance in workstation loads and likely in modern games . 
  what a great deal . 
  please show me your golden game where ryzen gets 60 % less fps . 
  sadly this was expected ... 
  they fucked up with letting all the islamic migrants in and now they are fucked with terorists attacks happening left and right ... so now to safe face they want to ban guns . 
  the only thing this will accomplish is more `` soft targets '' and easier job for terrorists . 
  eu is shit . 
  time to leave . 
  a ) very little screening and letting in terrorists, 
  b ) incentives . 
  in a free economy the incentives are a lot different to this statist shithole . 
  just look at stats how many of these people assimilate and actually find and hold a job . 
  situation in czech republic is that most of the eu parliament , most of the government and most of the parliament ( and dare i say most of the public ) are against this and minister of interior is pushing for constitutional ammendmend to declare that civilian gun ownership ( and carry ) is important pillar of national defence ( lisbon treaty doesnt give eu the power to regulate national defence ) . 
  there is also talk about sueing the union over this . 
  so yeah we 'll see . 
  i think that you ca n't really push clocks much higher due to the manufacturing process being made mainly for mobile . 
  so you would trade few mhz for massive drop in efficiency . 
  however those cpus are unlocked so you can always do it . 
  saving few bucks to be able to hit better price ? 
  well as far as i know you couldnt unlock cores on bulldozer/piledriver or the recent apus . 
  so i do n't think you can count on it . 
  why though ? 
  i think it was done really well . 
  release the highend first so supply can catch up and kinks can be ironed out . 
  then release the mass-market . 
  otherwise there would be massiveshortages ... 
  and also there are some people who bough 8/16 where they otherwise would propably buy 6/12 =  more money . 
  if you already have an i7 4790k then there is no point in buying . 
  but to be fair there is no point in buying i7 7700k aswell :-), 
  amd claimed that am4 will stick around . 
  and anyway there is not many reasons not to . 
  historically amd changed their sockets only when neccessary - ussually due to change in memory technology ( ddr1 -  ddr2 ; ddr2 -  ddr3 . . ), 
  also since am4 cpus are basically an soc - there is little reason to change anything - everything important is already in the cpu and not on the board . 
  they could ve saving those cpus to sell as athlons alongside the ones with broken igpu, 
  they want to use every die possible ( they would have to throw a significant amount of dies if they had no use for dies with defects on both ccx ) . 
  hovewer imho they are keeping all the dies with one ccx with defects and other fine . 
  so they can release it later alongside ravenridge apus with damaged gpu as an athlon . 
  why not release it now ? 
  having too much skus is not very good marketing wise and is complicated for buyers . 
  i do n't think the ccx is really a problem . 
  since games are already coded for consoles they are optimising for it anyway as consoles have basically the same design ( putting threads that do n't have to communicate with each other that much on different ccx ) . 
  they just have to take this code and use it in the pc port aswell . 
  so yeah it might be slower now as games arent aware of it . 
  but there is no reason not to reuse the console optimization in comming titles . 
  imho they have some 4 +0 cpus . 
  imho they will release them later alongside apus with disabled gpu as a one sku . 
  bro you are overreacting a little bit ... in most of the games the difference is like 3-5 % on the flipside those cpus have more cache and therefore can be even better in some workloads . 
  now to get real . 
  game developers are already coding with those ccx boundaries in mind - afterall consoles have practically the same design ( you put threads that do n't have to talk to each other all that much into separate ccx ) . 
  now they will just have to bring those optimization in to the pc port . 
  majority of new upcoming titles coming will likely have basically no difference between 2 +2 and 4 +0 . 
  amd already has `` zen-like '' chips in consoles . 
  the console apu has 2 jaguar ccx with 4 cores . 
  its quite genious actually - devs are forced to optimise for the cpu - they will just have to bring those optimization over to the pc port :-), 
  why would they patch an already released game that works just fine ? 
  just to gain few % on an entirely new architecture that was just released and has almost no market share ? 
  situation is different if you are releasing new game . 
  maybe keeping them to release them a\u0161 athlon alongside ravenridges with faulty gpu, 
  server rules :, 
  no racism !!, 
  no cheating ... blablabal, 
  thanks but no . 
  the six core definitely yes . 
  the quads ? 
  not sure propably not a very big upgrade . 
  and tests with the 970 would likely not show any diffrences as you would be gpu bound ( unles you want to bench on 320x240 or something :d ), 
  based on the benchmarks of r7 with disabled cores + overall numbers i am expecting the 4c/8t 1500x be somewhere between around i7-4790 / i7-6700 ( the k version likely being faster than ryzen ) ; the bonus being though that it is unlocked and you do n't need super expensive mobo to overclock . 
  so you have low overall platform cost + the possibility to later upgrade without buying new motherboard . 
  i think it is very good for the money . 
  so you want me to tell me that discriminting against someone because he is a gay is not okay , but discriminating against someone because he supports gay marriage is ? 
  :-) is n't that little bit strange . 
  like most leftists listen to reasonable debate anyway . 
  would n't campaigning for political advocacy group apply ? 
  cisgendered too oh my god / s,
