  but instead thanks to you we get shit . 
  what a great community . 
  i guess your parrents have n't taught you `` live and let live '' . 
  what the title says . 
  i am looking to get asrock d1800b-itx, 
  ( www.amazon.com/asrock-d1800b-itx-motherboard-mini/dp/b00j2ccdac ) . 
  ( i already have 2gb ddr3 laptop ram so that makes it great + its passive ) . 
  i just wanted to make sure if you think this is enough computing power for some light duty home server . 
  i am mainly looking to run mail server for my domain ( mostly personal mail cause i do n't like the way internet privacy is going away and i dont want google to have all the info ) , teamspeak server , and occasionaly some downloading , nas duty . 
  i am gon na run linux ( propably debian ) . 
  hello i noticed that people are selling generic ddr3 ram on ebay for cheap prices that are branded as high-density ddr3 and they say that they are fit only for am3/am3 + motherboards . 
  is it just bs ? 
  does anyone actually tried using them in modern non am3 rig ? 
  my guess its just memory that was high density in 2010ish and intel memory controllers couldnt handle that back then but surely now they must be able to handle that noproblem right ? 
  can anyone confirm this before buying ? 
  so my country is planning to enact electronic transaction monitoring for tax purposes ( i.e. 
  every shop will have to be connected to governmetn servers and send details about every transaction ) . 
  i find it disgusting . 
  do you think it would be possible to ddos those servers long term ? 
  theoretically they ca n't really ban ip adresses cause people wouldnt be able to connect ... 
  what do you think ? 
  if yes then i 've got an idea ... 
  well its been established that ww weapons shatter steel ... so get rid of your swords and big axes and instead just use spear with small heads . 
  the chance of them hitting the head in a fight is pretty damn small and you will spear them before they can do that ... or arrows . 
  hello guys so i was looking for cheap but ok quality psu and i stumbled upon few 80 + ( regular 80 + not bronze ) certified psus . 
  the problems is that i live in europe and as you well know we do have 230v ac network . 
  and looking into the 80 + certifications i figured that they actually do n't certify anything for 230v for the regular 80 + . 
  am i right in thinking that this basically means that 80 + is totally worthless unless you are living in the us ? 
  hello guys could you please recommend me a new phone ? 
  currently i am using samsung i8262 duos and i am looking for something more powerful which can do lte ( 900mhz is a must cause thats the frequency my operator is using ) . 
  i 'd also like battery life to be very good . 
  as for size i am not very big fan of huge phones and preferably something smaller than 5 '' would be nice but i am willing to compromise . 
  pricerange - not more expensive than the new zenfone 2 . 
  phones i looked at -, 
  asus zenfone 2 - pretty damn nice but its large ( :-( ) and i am little bit scarred of battery life . 
  lenovo p70 - very nice phone but sadly doesnt support 900mhz lte . 
  huawei p8 - nice but again the battery life is kinda turnoff and is kinda pricy . 
  lets say i am using google maps and i draw a simple line between two points - i want to be able to use the same line as an axis of an angle that i define . 
  so the latest drivers added vsr support for my card . 
  for some reason i am limited to 1440p though . 
  is that normal ? 
  ( id like to try 4k :-( ), 
  and to be honest i really ca n't see the difference between 1080p and 1440p on my 1080p screen ( apart from the obvious stuff like menus being smaller ) . 
  also is it possible to somehow make it work with my second 5:4 1280x1024 screen ? 
  if i somehow could make it 1350 * 1080 ( to make it perfectly scaled ) i 'd be really happy :-), 
  why is blue for cpus ? 
  historically that should be green - the amd color before they joined with ati ... 
  imho red for gpus and green for cpus would make lot more sense . 
  they both run at same clocks and both share the same tdp . 
  are there any actual tests to see powerconsumption differences and such ? 
  puma is basically the same arch as jaguar just fabbed at different process right ? 
  also do anyone of you know anything about puma + ( featured in carrizo-l ) ? 
  i am thinking about buying a4-5000 miniitx board for home microserver . 
  i just changed the thermal paste and pads on my gpu ( amd hd7970ghz edition ) but suddenly it stopped reporting temperature . 
  it says temperature is 0 ' c, 
  hello guys i am trying to get owncloud plugin ocdownloader working . 
  everytime i try to download a torrent i get `` errorcode = 25 bencode decoding failed '' . 
  any idea how to fix it ? 
  i tried compiling newest version of arya but problem persist and i could n't find anything on google about that . 
  hello guys i am trying to get owncloud plugin ocdownloader working . 
  everytime i try to download a torrent i get `` errorcode = 25 bencode decoding failed '' . 
  any idea how to fix it ? 
  i tried compiling newest version of arya but problem persist and i could n't find anything on google about that . 
  so i live in czech republic where everybody is forced to pay `` health-insurance '' ( which is basically tax on income ) . 
  i just spent two and half hours waiting in a overcrowded waiting room on uncomfortable bench for routine check-up ( so i can get my gun-permit renewed ) . 
  the doctor came half an hour late , people were bringing her gifts , other doctors came to talk all the time , and when you want something you get a death stare ... 
  funny paradox is that just the time i spent waiting is for a person with medium wage in my country like 400czk in opportinity cost and nobody complains about that `` cause its free '' ... yet few years back when government wanted patients to pay 30czk out of pocket for every visit , there was public outcry and government fell because of that . 
  compare that to an experience i had month ago when i underwent lasik surgery in a private hospital ... oh my god night and day difference . 
  beautiful place , almost no waiting times , everybody is super helpful , the doctor replied to my email in like 10minutes after i sent it ( and it was like 21:00 ) . 
  so i just subscribed for premium account and got placed into silver league ( oh yeah baby !, 
  i am a silver now !, 
  :p ) the thing is how can i play matches in that silver ladder ? 
  i can only choose between daily unranked ladder and monthly unranked . 
  by the way after few games played i have to say i enjoy this style of game a lot more than regular mm - the rounds are quicker and more fun - time actually matters . 
  map banning phase is also nice and it makes it so you do n't play the same maps over and over again . 
  its a little bit shame that we ca n't get proper cs experience playing mm . 
  it also seems less toxic than regular mm . 
  and possibly less cheating ( i noticed some popup when players peek corners fast - is that server-side antiwallhack ( i.e. 
  sending info about players only when you see them ? 
  did any of you recently rma 'd it ? 
  do you guys think they still have them in stock or do i have a chance of getting something newer ? 
  cause getting gigabyte r9 280x is an obvious downgrade ( 50mhz lower coreclock ) . 
  hello guys i am from czech republic and i 've been using steam for + -9 years and never had any problems but the last few months are absolutely horrible - the service keeps disconnecting every few days and is down for up to half an hour at a time . 
  it breaks up our cs : go lobbies ... gaben plox wtf do something and get some damn proper servers here . 
  tldr : its not open borders that are the problem its the socialism that attracts people who dont want to work and assimilate . 
  socialism kills . 
  so i finnally tried out the new unreal tournament ( the game is free and good ) . 
  and i was kinda blown away by how very nicely the engine uses my fx8350 cpu . 
  my gpu ( 7970 = = 280x ) was running full throttle all the time ( 100 % ) and the fx wasnt even breaking a sweat with usage around 40 % and the most interesting thing is that the usage was spread out evenly across all the 8 cores . 
  so if this is how dx12 games are gon na be then i guess my piledriver is finally gon na stretch its muscles and i wo n't even be in such a need of an upgrade :-), 
  i am talking about you lenovo ( and propably others ) ... is it really that expensive to implement a bog standard gigabit eth in 2016 ? 
  for god sake its been a standard used in almost every pc for like 10 years now ... 
  ps : just a little rant as i am so sick of working on crapbooks people buy and then go to me to help them make it run better ... 
  hello guys i am building a very cheap gaming pc for my friend and he is on very tight budget . 
  i 've a chance to buy radeon hd 6850 for pretty good price . 
  do you think it makes sense or should i rather buy a slower and more expensive hd 7xxx series gpu since they still get game ready updates ( gcn arch ) . 
  basically what i am asking is do the driver updates really make that big of a difference that considerably slower card would actually run faster ? 
  edit :, 
  i just looked up the drivers and the latest one is crimson from november 2015 . 
  which imho is good enough so i decided to buy it .
