  altcoin can not be backed be people ? 
  = its users ? 
  its the same thing its based on trust . 
  you trust that dollar has the value it had yesterday . 
  one advantage the altcoin has is that there is no institution that can violate that trust . 
  ... like it happened in india recently . 
  phobia = irrational fear . 
  `` his trial will have no jury and his sentencing is entirely up to the judge 's discretion . '', 
  lol what a joke . 
  i 'd like to see a jury that would sentence that man . 
   '' i would have had zero ways to aquire lunch outside of bumming from friends , '', 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  is uk a 3rd-world country now ? 
  is food suddenly so expensive ? 
  there are more obese people than ever and most of those obese are poor people . 
  when i was going to school i did n't go to cafeteria - my mom prepared meals for me and i walked home to eat them . 
  i was n't ostracized or anything . 
  either your parents work = they can afford to buy you a lunch or they do n't work in which case they sure have plenty of time to prepare you a lunch to take with you . 
  and i am saying that as a someone who lives in much poorer part of the world ( or atleast it was much poorer when i was going to school ) . 
  food is a basic human right ? 
  since fucking when ? 
  where do you take the right for someone to feed you ? 
  do you have a right to enslave people ? 
  you needing something doesnt give you a right to it . 
  i need a house , i need a car ... common gim me gim me gim me . 
  i ca n't believe that in a day an age when food is so plentiful that obesity is much larger problem than being hungry , we need government redistributing programs so people can feed their children . 
  what does that say about a parents if they arent even able to feed their kids . 
  i do n't want people like that to be subsidised . 
  i do n't want them raising more kids . 
  why should the competent parents that plan and prepare be forced to have only one or two children just so the government can steal their money so some people that are contributing zero to society can have more kids ? 
  what will happen after few generations ? 
  if parents are so useless that they ca n't even feed their kids why should they be subsidised to have more kids ? 
  how good are they at parenting ? 
  why should the competent people who plan be forced to pay more and more taxes = and therefore have less children as they ca n't afford it . 
  just so somebody that contributes zero can have more kids . 
  kids do n't deserve to starve . 
  but kids do n't deserve to live in shitty families aswell . 
  and by subsidising those shitty parents to have more kids you are bringin misery to more and more . 
  so are school meals a insurance program now ? 
  am i supposed to be insuring myself so my kids a get a meal ? 
  if so then just call it that . 
  and if suddenly is it so great a deal why not just let me to purchase it . 
  why force me ? 
  we both now it is nothing like this and your example is a fringe case . 
  but it is always nice to paint it like that . 
  i agree its very sad . 
  there is a very thin line between helping those in need and subsidising and encouraging this behavior . 
  sadly government program that want to help ussually end up doing the latter . 
  private charity is ussually best at this kind of work - they rely on donations so they are very results based - nobody is gon na donate to a charity that ca n't show that it is actually helping people and just giving handouts . 
  yes they are . 
  out of all the kids getting the free meal , there is maybe like lets say 5 % of kids that really need it . 
  and out of those how many are families who just happened to fall on bad times and not just disfunctional non-families - drug-addicts , singleparent households , chronic welfare recipients and so on . 
  the absence of government doing something doesnt mean it doesnt get done . 
  feeding children is obviously very important in our society - thats why this thing raised so much sting . 
  and most people want children to get fed . 
  so do n't you think that private charity would n't have problem raising money for this ? 
  government does n't fund the churches . 
  it does n't fund many and many historical sights ... yet they can manage to raise money voluntarily . 
  arguably lowering the taxes - and especially for lower and middle class would help a lot . 
  for now it pretty much is ( if you are just gaming . ), 
  intel and amd cpus are pretty similar this time around ... not much optimization is needed . 
  consoles are pretty significant marketshare and they currently use amd jaguar cores ( which are spaced similarly to ryzen - 2ccx each having 4 cores ) . 
  and the new xbone will likely have zen architecture powering it ... so yeah . 
  i wouldnt worry too much . 
  never heard about it before , but if what you say its true it could be that the guy was inspired by it . 
  what is crony capitalist about people going around stupid government rules ? 
  some of the episodes truly might have been better if cut down to 20minutes ... especially the ones in dorne . 
  00:24 hell march :d, 
  cersei is a soviet spy confirmed . 
  i 'd like to use a very british word to describe the person writing this shit for the govenrment . 
  cunt . 
  and i am sorry but by definition there is basically no such thing as `` islamophobia '' . 
  look up phobia in a dictionary - `` an extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something . '', 
  i do n't think anyone sane on this planet who sometimes watches the news thinks that being afraid of islam is irrational . 
  there are very fucking good reasons to be affraid . 
  funny you choose the faa ... . 
  you do realise that the only reason we have so cheap air travel right now is because of massive deregulation in the 80s . 
  it used to be only the very very rich got to fly . 
  tldr : if people get basic income it is likely they will not work , they will instead sit on their ass and browse facebook the entire day . 
  actually no , reheating the solder will not help . 
  it might be a very temporary fix - meaning the card will maybe last a month or two and then break again . 
  unless you want to be the ultimate douchebag and do that and then immediately sell the card then no its not worth the trouble . 
  actually no . 
  it comes from `` slovo '' / `` s\u0142owo '' ( or whatever other similar form it takes in slavic languages ) - it means `` word '' . 
  meaning slovan ( or slav ) is a someone who speaks similar as you . 
  as opposed to `` niemiec '' / `` n\u011bmec '' ( a slavic word for german ) coming from the word niemi/n \u011bm\u00fd meaning mute . 
  being the germanic people were basically one of the first tribes the slavs had contact with that they could n't understand . 
  768p is imho fine for a small screen . 
  atleast with that you can game a little on the laptop . 
  if it had 1080p screen you wouldnt be able to play anything . 
  ... . `` in a world ... '' :d, 
  well gaming at non native resolution will look like crap ( unless its like playing @ 720p on 1440p screen and similar ), 
  the only way this would make any sense is if , and that is big if , there are enough defective dies that have a defect with lets say the vce , or display part of the card . 
  then they could sell stuff that otherwise would be just tossed . 
  but honestly i think the potential number of dies like that is so small that it would make no sense to design a special part like that . 
  so guys a simple question - since i already own an rx480 ( single one ) would it be profitable for me to mine on it in the downtime ( my price of electricity is like 0,18 eur/kwh ) . 
  if so what software do you suggest ? 
  obvious stupid mistake ... 0.18 eur/kwhh, 
  do it on the roof only if there is no other way . 
  use lightning conductor holders that have some weight inside .
