  pay 3 % tarrif and be done with it . 
  well there is nato ... and seing as poland is basically one of the few other countries in nato that actually spends what they are supposed to according to nato treaties - unlike most members , they are pretty damn important part of it . 
  i do n't think it makes any sense to think that eu is gon na save anyone from anything . 
  it has no military to do such thing . 
  i think the larger population plays a role . 
  because eu is majority driven . 
  and small countries have basically very little say . 
  poland has large amount of citizens = more say in the matters . 
  so while czechs might think that there is no way to reform the eu , poles might think that while they do n't agree with the current eu politics there is a way to reform it . 
  ( you can also see it in the other questions - only 18 % of czechs think their voice matters in eu , 48 % of poles think it does ) . 
  however that still does n't explain the whole picture - for instance france is considerably more populous than poland yet only 53 % of french think membership is a good thing . 
  and then you have small countries like luxembourg which overwhelmingly support it . 
  there are lot more differences that dont quite add up . 
  for instance poland is hugely catholic and traditionalist while the czech republic is very atheistic and traditionalism isnt so strong here . 
  one would think that the poles would hate the eu even more . 
  also when you look at the politics inside the respective countries it seems to me that poland has considerably more powerful rightwing and libertarian-leaning parties there . 
  where as czech politics is a left-centre clusterfuck currently . 
  again this survey seems to reflect the opposite . 
  ( and then you have a member of communist party having basically hard libertarian speech on gun control in the parliament even quoting the us founding fathers , and saying that very important reason for gun ownership is to resist tyranny ... ), 
  but i think it comes to simply the fact that the czechs are more disilusioned with the eu . 
  where the poles do n't like the way its going they still think membership is good and it can be reformed . 
  czechs think it is not able to be reformed and that certainly they have very little say in it . 
  well its little bit more complicated than to just say the country recieves x amount of money . 
  cause there are strings attached to that money . 
  and also there is lot of lost revenue due to policies the country has to take because its a part of eu ( for instance the mandatory use of biofuel in regular gasoline , the tarrifs we pay when buy imported products and of course the mandatory subsidies to `` green '' energy ) . 
  all in all its a net benefit - but not a huge one as it seems . 
  lot of the money goes to useless eu projects nobody would build or want to build . 
  a the subsidies just warp the market . 
  anyway this is all a moot point when after 2020 the czech repuiblic is likely to becoma a net payer . 
  its not money laundering service - the person buying is the money launderer . 
  please just no ... last thing this game needs is for enemies to be even more bullet sponges . 
  but imo servers do n't die because people get raided - they die because people ( especially smaller groups ) get bored . 
  why ? 
  after day 3 basically everyone who is not bad has built a strong base that is not worth it to raid . 
  this causes everyone to try to raid the few newbies which obviously will leave because they get raided again and again . 
  this leaves only the people with strong bases on the server . 
  but to raid a strong base the grind is unreal . 
  and because the grind is unreal people try to raid offline , m when there is a lower chance of failure . 
  and after you get raided offline you realize eh what the hell there is nobody on this server anyway , might aswell just go to a different one . 
  oh my god watch out for the libertarian invasion !!!, 
  they will get into the positions of power and ... leave you alone . 
  the horror !, 
  wtf is this ... that is a disgrace . 
  communists killed , tortured and put in jail so many priests where i live . 
  to see a pope wield this is absolutely sickening . 
  he is dancing on the graves of priests . 
  i hope he gets all he deserves in hell . 
  what does that even mean . 
   ( preferably mesh ), 
  gtfo . 
  preferably every single ap connected to a switch with a central controller . 
  either unifi or mikrotik capsman or somethjing similar, 
  listen to secret recording of hitler talking to mannerheim . 
  if they did n't attack first it would be more than likely that the relationship would go that way anyway . 
  no i am not mistaking it . 
  having a mesh solution - i.e. 
  using a wireless for your backhaul is always inferior to a solution in which you just use a wired connectivity for backhaul . 
  and actually mikrotik recently created a competitive solution to ubnt unifi called capsman - which is also pretty damn cheap to deploy . 
  yeah feel free to check them up - i work in the isp field and we 've using mainly mikrotik for our last-mile connectivity ( and all routing ) for a long time . 
  as for hotspot uses we 've been using unifi before but what mikrotik now offers is so cheap compared to ubnt its no contest - a ) you do n't need dedicated controller - your mikrotik router can act as one b ) the aps themselves are a lot cheaper . -, 
  and overall mikrotik just gives you lot more flexibility - especially for outdoor hotspot placements - ubnt simply ca n't even compete here as they do n't have sector antennas . 
   you should be completely indifferent about who the stolen goods goes to , given that they are stolen . 
  the notion that `` french people '' should come first is ridiculous, 
  no just no . 
  i do fucking care if the stolen money goes to fucking murderers who hate me , and want to enslave everyone who doesnt believe in their fucking god . 
  first you have to ask what is the benefit of having an additional smt thread running on your one physical core . 
  to answer that it is basically to fill the time when the core has free resources that can be used for something else ( i.e. 
  is for instance waiting for memory ) . 
  in real world settings it is ussualy like 20 % benefit . 
  now you have to ask - how much spare resources has the physical core when it is already running two threads ? 
  i 'd argue not much and you 'll be basically seeing only like single % point benefits in massivelly parallell workloads if you added more virtual threads and propably nothing or maybe even slowdowns in regular workload . 
  you can ofcourse design a core with lots of extra execution units that will never be filled by single/two threads . 
  however what is the point of doing that instead of simply making two cores . 
  i do n't want to say never - but honestly i ca n't see the point of doing it . 
  unless the cost in silicon is so negligible that it is just added benefit . 
  first you have to ask what is the benefit of having an additional smt thread running on your one physical core . 
  to answer that it is basically to fill the time when the core has free resources that can be used for something else ( i.e. 
  is for instance waiting for memory ) . 
  in real world settings it is ussualy like 20 % benefit . 
  now you have to ask - how much spare resources has the physical core when it is already running two threads ? 
  i 'd argue not much and you 'll be basically seeing only like single % point benefits in massivelly parallell workloads if you added more virtual threads and propably nothing or maybe even slowdowns in regular workload . 
  you can ofcourse design a core with lots of extra execution units that will never be filled by single/two threads . 
  however what is the point of doing that instead of simply making two cores . 
  i do n't want to say never - but honestly i ca n't see the point of doing it . 
  unless the cost in silicon is so negligible that it is just added benefit . 
  enemy of my enemy is not my friend . 
  anyway as a bystander not from france i quite do n't mind either one . 
  le pen might be anti-eu and might call for referendum . 
  however macron is so ridicilously pro-eu and calling for sanctions against v4 that in the end its a win-win either way . 
  i can already taste the fracturing of eu . 
  tastes like christmass . 
  if i were a frenchman i might prefer le pen - because the bad policies she would do would have very little lasting effect . 
  and in the end - might lead to a more right wing government the next election cycle . 
  but what macron will do sadly will have a lasting effect . 
  and few more presidencies like his and we might be welcoming the french khalifat . 
  `` far-right '' ... please do n't use this ridicilous statist term . 
  yeah well believe it or not just as there are marxist idiots believing that all employment is slavery/exploitation , there are feminist idiots believeng all sex is rape . 
  eh if you think you have better internet today than in 1980 because of some government rules you are crazy . 
  its about the market and about competition . 
  setting rules which limits the ways companies can compete actually hurt the competition and especcially gaming .
