  everything was quick and painless and it worked like a charm . 
  and i am happy that services like these exist as it helps the market equilibrium . 
  its basic economics 101 - speculation brought into the gaming world . 
  is it just me or is it racist af ? 
  oh look a black kid is smart , he `` built '' a computer . 
  such wow . 
  76 % of students would ban speakers that offended them ? 
  what ?!, 
  holy shit . 
  well buckle up your seatbelts - we are going on the way to hell . 
  polaris 10 is more than half the size of hawai die . 
  and 14nm finfet has around 2,5 x scaling vs tsmc 28nm . 
  so just basing it around the number of transistors - polaris 10 should outperform hawai . 
  and we are not even talking about higher clockspeeds to be gained from finfet . 
  around fury performance is where it can be expected to fall . 
  i ca n't find the source right now but i remember that those comparisons ( 1,8-2 ,2 x ) were compared to samsungs 28nm and tsmcs was actually worse than samsungs ) . 
  but even if you are correct then you are still gon na arrive at + - the same transistor budget as hawai ( the memory controller should be smaller anyway and simple since its 256bit ) with higher clockspeeds than hawai . 
  somebody could use a free helicopter ride :-) :d #whereispinochet, 
  leave a one star review for your government . 
  they are the one supporting extra taxes and tarrifs that people in us do n't pay . 
  and of course extra regulations that raise the cost of doing bussiness that also contribute . 
  why ? 
  why is it bad to raise price when there is not enough of the product ? 
  its just basic economics 101 . 
  nothing is wrong with what you suggest . 
  i just do n't think it makes any sense to do it in the long run . 
  i do n't think its in amazon best interest to a ) allienate distributors using their website b ) allienate customers who bought through amazon service . 
  you have two options in market when there is more demand than supply . 
  you can either sell at low price creating shortages and empowering lucky resselers through ebay and such or you can raise prices and bring an equilibrium to a market . 
  if you want to blame someone then blame nvidia for launching too early without much product in stock . 
  honestly i do n't have a problem with people overpaying just because they want something earlier then anyone else . 
  around 2000passmark is sufficient for cpu . 
  depends on how you define `` comfortably '' and how many cores your cpu has ( i.e. 
  quad-core atom with 2000 passmark will propably give you worse experience than dualcore with less then 2k when web browsing . ), 
  how is manufacturer gon na punish some kid who luckily bought a limited supply gpu for msrp and then goes and sells it on ebay fo a lot more ? 
  20hz tickrate ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  and people are complaining that cs : go only has 64tick rate and want valve to make it 120 . 
  the combat must feel laggy and random af . 
  no scoreboard ? 
  dafaq is this shit ? 
  everybody gets atrophy ... yeah lets go ahead and reward useless players . 
  rip blizzard it makes sense now why wow has gone to shit . 
  that router is not a piece of crap . 
  its a decent router for the money . 
  `` these transistors are literally half '' i wouldnt be so sure of that - currently naming of prcesses has more to do with a marketing name than actualy size of the transistor . 
  those were the earlier versions of both processes - so we do n't really know how the improved versions stack up . -, 
  i would wait a few more weeks . 
  a ) for amd to unveil polaris which will propably be in the performance and power range you are looking for ( and cheap ), 
  b ) for 1070 non-fe cards to start apearing massively - a lot of people with 970 will be looking to sell and upgrade and you 'll be likely able to get one for very cheap, 
  communism . 
  damn ... should 've gotten the 480, 
  470 to 480 a worthy upgrade :-d, 
  well considering the die size is similar to pitcairn ( 7850 / 7870 / 270 / 270x / 370 / 370x ) i 'd say yes ( even though the 14nm is likely more expensive than 28nm ) . 
  and likely considerably higher performance in dx12 titles . 
  according to the rumours the ps4 neo will use polaris architecture for gpu - we do n't know the exact specs yet ( maybe e3 ? ), 
  but it will likely be a custom chip - but based on this one . -, 
  everything is a cost benefit analysis - amd deemed that adding a gddr5x to rx 480 would raise the price disproportionally more than the performance . 
  however there could a rx 480x with gddr5x - we dont know much yet . . 
  duh ... . european socialism is n't cheap m8 . 
  they got to tax things you know ... so saying `` i guarantee it wont be $ 200 or less outside us '' is not rocket science . 
  lisa su said that polaris family will span from 100 $ -300 $ - so its likely there will be sku just right for you :-), 
  well lisa su said that polaris family will span from 100 $ -300 $ ... that seems to hint that there will be a 480x . 
  i do n't think the reference cooler will be such an issue - it has pretty low tdp . 
  but i prefer to wait for oems ( gigabyte 3yr warranty is something i enjoy - after all it raises the resale value when i am going to sell it 2years after ) . 
  that is pretty unlikely with a lower then 150w power consumption . 
  well to be a devils advocate - a lot of people can afford to impulsively buy a 200 $ product but much less are willing to buy 600-700 $ one without doing proper research first . 
  gordon geko, 
  do n't worry they will show more - this was just a little tease - they still have month to go to keep the hype train going :d, 
  they also could release a more cut down 1070/1080 and later on replace it with gp106 . 
  i sold my 7970 ghx ( = 280x + - = = 960 ) a month and half ago and now i am on a shitty gpu and waiting for the release . 
  i would suggest you sell 960 while it still has some value and wait . 
  my name is abeans and i am an nvidia-coholic . 
  even if radeon performed better than the 1080 for $ 200 i would n't buy it . 
  thanks for sharing abeans . 
  keep comming . 
  well do n't give flak to amd for that . 
  call your mp or senator and complain about high value added taxes , high tarrifs , and regulations that make the cost of doing bussiness in your country higher . 
  only you can change that with voting . 
  not amd . 
  considering it has single 6-pin connector - it means that 150w is the max limit that it can draw - likely it is considerably lower to be on the safe side . 
  cooling 100-130w is not likely to be difficult :-), 
  depends on the game , resolution and settings you choose . 
  dx12 does wonders to lower end cpus though so i 'd say you are pretty safe . 
  * sigh * should 've got a 480, 
  i know this sounds ridicilous but it might be sadly closer to the truth than we think . 
  i bough a a4tech mouse which required a microtransactions to unlock features in drivers ( obviously it was not stated on the box ... ) . 
  nvidia is now talking about requiring a key to unlock 4way crossfire . 
  i hope this is not the future . 
  very rough estimate based - 2x, 
  lisu su said that polaris will span from 100-300 $ . 
  that likely means that this 200 $ is a salvaged part and they will also release a full gpu at around 300 $ which is likely to compete with 1070 ( they have about the same amount of functioning die size ) . 
  i 'd say polaris 10 @ 300 $ will be little bit slower in dx11 titles hovewer it will be little bit faster in dx12 . 
  * sigh * should 've got a 480 . 
  sadly i have no idea . 
  we will propably get to know more in the coming weeks, 
  the same thing that is amazing about 1080/1070 - finally after years of 28nm we get some big price/performance improvements . 
  i would sell it while they still retain their value ... because after those new cards come out then you wo n't get much for them, 
  well there will likely soon be a 480x at around 300 $ which i expect to be around 1070 performance . 
  could be since the new apus are now called a12 instead of a10 .
