  that is not enough to upgrade imo . 
  sometimes i feel these tech journalist are totally clueless . 
  '' ... or fury x is slower than polaris 10 and it may be used for radeon r9 480 series instead . '', 
  no just no ... there is no possibility that amd will sell monster 567mm2 die on interposer with hbm in mainstream segment . 
  that is just not viable economically . 
  polaris 10 will be much cheaper to fab than that . 
  they 'd rather disable more cus on polaris 10 and sell that as mainstream . 
  i expect polaris 10 will actually be 480x - rumoured die size and number of cus put it in that segment . 
  + there are supposed to be 2 vega gpus so it would make sense that to be 490x and fury replacement . 
  we do agree on the performance numbers, 
  except gddr5x will be ready even later than hbm2 ... so yeah i would expect high clocked gddr5 with possible refresh later on with new memory . 
  i see two possibilities for hbm1 reuse . 
  1 ) mobile gpu - remember hbm is considerably more powerefficient than gddr5 allowing more performance in same powerenvelope . 
  i would expect the 1st one . 
  `` hauken fell into a deep depression . 
  he started drinking heavily and lost years doing little else but smoking marijuana to dodge feelings of self-loathing . '', 
  i am sorry i ca n't take these people seriously . 
  yeah for me that is the only semi-logical conclusion - the politician is a closeted homosexual that got caught having a gaysex and then claimed it was a rape and now regrets having his own partner kicked out . 
  nothing and at the same time a lot . 
  it tells you about how crazy the people running the state actually are and that they wo n't come to their senses even when violently shown they are wrong . 
  i am so glad i do n't live in uk ... such a fascist hellhole ( no disrespect to people living there but the gvoernment sucks ass ) . 
  to be fair when talking to bfus we ussually use such stupid language that is easier to understand for them . 
  eh not really its summer for polaris 10 and 11 and i 'd expect q4 or q1 2017 for amd highend and nvidia . 
  hd 6850 are cheap as fuck ( like 50 $ or less ) i do n't think they will go much lower . 
  it will keep you playing just fine until new gen, 
  why would you use ubiquiti for routing and not for ap . 
  ubiquiti is like the king of wireless but their routers arent all that great . 
  oh ok makes sense :-) it sure is just fine for soho use :-) anyway the way we do it is we use ubiquiti for aps and mikrotik for routing - its like the unholy combination but it works great . 
  mikrotik makes imho the best routers you can buy for its price . 
  well since he has only \u015blightly faster card today it wo n't feel like a downgrade to him and for like 10-20 $ he will get a card capable of playing some basic titles for few months until the new cards hit - i think its pretty good deal actually . 
  easy - officer i just paid for the massage the sex was free . 
  well i was under the impression that the mining has a purpose to secure transactions ... if it can be made more efficiently with purpose build hardware isnt that a good thing ? 
  or why would anyone thing limiting it is a good thing ? 
  no i am proud to pay for our state propaganda news are n't you ? 
  germany is starting to become another hellhole . 
  eu is going to hell . 
  should 've bought a 390 . 
  to be honest i do n't like the newer telltale games ... 
  i wish they would go back to the classical point and click adventure style like the tales of the monkey island . 
  it is advertising no sugarcoating it is gon na help it . 
  i might see it as somewhat useful for some very niche uses . 
  but not for everyone by default . 
  it should be opt-in feature . 
  you can actually choose how much money goes to which charity / developer / humble bundle . 
  yeah i should 've worded it better . 
  nra is not libertarian , but i 'd argue that gun rights are very important for majority of libertarians so a donation or two to them is imho justified . 
  well there are supposed to be bunch of skus using the same gpu - so who knows maybe they will have underclocked htpc super power efficient version as r7 and super overclocked version as r9 . 
  they will only be in trouble if nvidia delivers a high end card sooner . 
  if nvidia delivers high end cards before q42016 / q1 2017 and that is a big if . 
  i have hd 7970ghz edition ( = = 280x ) and i never encounterred it . 
  i tried it - there is no settings for fan control - and yeah since the fan is not rpm powered then and lowering voltage didnt work then yeah the fan is designed like that . 
  why would he sell it and not just rma then ? 
  msi afterburner or any software didnt let me regulate the fan and lowering voltage did n't help either that brings me to conclusion that its designed this way . 
  ok maybe it did n't run at 100 % but it run ridicilously loud . 
  and since attemts to manually slow the fan failed miserably ( anything lower than 11v did n't turn the fan at all and anything else was loud anyway ) i conclude that yeah it was designed like this . 
  and msi afterburner nor any other software has means to control it . 
  that was the first thing i tried ... the fan control settings wasnt avaliable for that card - even tried the asus gpu tweak ( since it is an asus card ) . 
  and nope . 
  obviously i tried software solutions first - did n't work msi afterburner did n't show the fan control settings at all . 
  i though about the sensor being broken - however the card reports the speed of the fan and if that was the case why would n't the seller just rma it . 
  it still in the warranty ( the card was hardly used ) . 
  and since the card fan could n't be slowed at the hardware level ( only very little ) i do n't believe it was a sensor issue . 
  yeah i guess - the only real issue i had with my amd card was when waking up from sleep - which i `` solved '' by getting ssd and not using sleep . 
  not neccesarilly ... 
  they can use a small gpu with few cus ... 
  well - nvidia is competing with apple and bunch of other guys for tsmc wafers . 
  where as amd is pretty much the only major manufacturer using glofo - and they can use samsung aswell so i do n't think it will be that much of an issue . 
  or they could just use arm cpu with amd gpu in one soc - its not like amd ca n't put those into one chip . 
  to use jaguar they would have to shrink it to 14nm first ( same with excavator ) which will be pretty big cost considering they wo n't be releasing those to the public . 
  yeah x86t would make much more sense for 3rd party devs . 
  hovewer nintendo might be trying to do same cpu architecture with their new nx handheld so it might make more sense from their perspective . 
  we do n't know . 
  well i guess you are sol i would just use dremel to modify the bracket, 
  yeah, 
  well ca n't you just upgrade your os on another machine ? 
  free helicopted ride . 
  you mean like the original doom ? 
  960 is a lowest branch ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  960 is a solid mid range card . 
  however r9 380 is a better choice in that price range . 
  yeah well according to rumours polaris 10 should be little bit faster than 390x - that is perfectly ok for me . 
  do n't worry the only reason i bought the 630 was because it was cheap as chips on the second hand market . 
  and i recon i can still sell it for close of what i bought it after i get polaris . 
  damn i am not sure i can overclock the card as it is passively cooled ( i do have a pretty damn good airflow in my case though so i might try it ), 
  for me performance comes first and power cons . 
  its not all that important - its a `` nice to have feature '' . 
  however it sure as hell affects the value of the card - not everybody in the market for a gpu has good psu so less people interested = lower price ( especially when upgrading older system with older psu - capacitor aging ) . 
  and then there is the lower heat output , likely more quiet and possibly longer lifespan ( high temps shorten the lifespan of gpus/cpus ) . 
  just keep in mind that after all these years it will propably have trouble outputing its max rated wattaage ( capacitor aging ) . 
  so do n't do any crazy dual-gpu setups :-), 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  this might be the case for us who grew on x86 hardware and have all their favorite obscure software that they `` need '' to use . 
  however not all are like us - a lot of people are just pure consumers who only need few basic `` apps '' - the trend is that everything is getting cloudbased - you are using your webbrowser . 
  i can easily see arm taking the entry-level with `` chromebook '' like devices in the future . 
  and do n't forget you can emulate software that you ca n't run . 
  also apple could literally switch today - release a tablet/macbook convertible running arm cpu - they have full control of their os so they can finetune it without users even noticing and make all the software companies recompile their stuff for arm ( and have a emulation layer for the rest like they did when they switched to x86 ) . 
  its not as if apple consumers care what cpu the device is running :-), 
  well i actually see some people that switched from using a pc to laptop and then to tablet - its not a huge number but they are out there . 
  `` amd 's new architecture , which has advantages in supporting directx 12 , will give amd a chance to narrow its gap with nvidia . '',
