  there is no federal vat . 
  some state have no sales taxes aswell but different states do have sales taxes . 
  just because you have wires doesnt mean its unlimited magic ... wires just have larger bandwidth . 
   yes but you pay dependant on the bandwidth . 
  you pay a monthly fee to have access . 
  fair user policy and conditions are part of your contract . 
  if you want guaranteed always avaliable bandwidth you need to pay for dedicated line . 
   just because you actually transfer data through the wire does n't make it more expensive . 
  yes it does . 
  the price of basic home service is set so low due to the fact that a regular user uses very little bandwidth . 
  if all those people started using more then the infrastructure would crumble and prices would be adjusted accordingly . 
  80/20 rules apply all the way . 
  in a way the regular users today are subsidizing the price for the few very heavy users with their seedboxes and always on downloads . 
  by setting caps you can limit the amount of that and offer your basic service more cheaply giving you competitive advantage . 
  there is inssider but the free version is very limited . 
  now i use a uwp ( win 10 store ) free app , forgot what its called though . 
  yes you can . 
  but its illegal, 
  i say this as an amd fan :, 
  i do n't like it . 
  not even as a joke . 
  would you have ad with nazis saluting and saying heil radeon or some shit like that ? 
  coz this is basically the same . 
  edit : seeing i am getting downvoted i 'd like to explain . 
  making ad campaign inspired by communist propaganda is no better than making ad campaign inspired by nazi propaganda . 
  even if its light-hearted its still a lot offensive . 
  there are millions of victims of communism still alive . 
  communist killed 150\u00a0000\u00a0000 people - that is almost half the population the u.s. has . 
  and they have tortured , imprisoned or forcibly relocated millions more . 
  go ask somebody from poland if he thinks this ad campaign is funny . 
   using bandwidth that the isp has plenty of costs them barely anything . 
  first , i highly doubt you are working in the isp bussiness to have such cost analysis data . 
  i work in the isp bussiness ( not in the us ) and i can tell you infrastructure is expensive as fuck . 
  i sincerely doubt that isps in the us have `` plenty '' of bandwidth at their last mile . 
  but yeah if you think its just a scam to get more money then obviously you know something they do n't and should propably start your own isp bussiness :-), 
   i 'm talking about using bandwidth they are already have enough of . 
  how do you know they have more bandwidth then they need right now ? 
  do you realize that you do n't have to be eu member to have a free trade with the eu ? 
  ... and i think the free movement of people is starting to have some serious downsides right now - the greek government is right now basically blackmailing eu that if they do n't get bailed out they will let in every refugee and send them towards europe ... do you really want that ? 
  i 'd say its even worse . 
  currently they are almost no survivers of nazi repression to be offended . 
  but there are milions of europeans who suffered under communist rule and persecution . 
  hell communists killed more then 7x the number of people than nazis ... 
  one and a half million of polish people were slaughtered after world war 2 . 
  millions were sent to gulags or forcibly relocated . 
  millions were tortured . 
  this is not funny stuff . 
  nazis killed lot less people then communists did yet you would not find it funny to make an ad campaign based on their propaganda . 
  first i do n't know about your monopolistic market ( as you claim ) as i am not from us and our isp market is very vibrant with large amount of small isps everywhere . 
  i can only give you the perspective how it works in the bussiness here . 
  i am not in support of datacaps and no isp here that i know of has them . 
  but i can totally understand why from a bussiness standpoint you would want to use them . 
   able to offer speeds of 1gb/s or 250 mb/s to shit tons of people in one area . 
  first lets clear this up - they are offering `` up to '' speeds with little guarantees . 
  not dedicated lines . 
  you should have no expectation to have the speed only for yourself all the time . 
  big numbers sell and people are stupid - they do n't read conditions , they do n't care about agregation . 
  customer is the king and \u00eff you do n't adapt to this way of doing bussiness competition will eat you . 
  you will see almost no difference in bandwidth from your regular joe if you give him 20mb/s line or up to crazy speed line . 
  he still has the same usage habits . 
  so your cost here stays the same while his quality goes up ( his connection is faster . ) . 
  however there are very few heavy users , who will use a lot more if you up their speed and basically try to saturate their connection . 
  and suddenly they are costing you a lot more money proportionaly - yet they pay a lot less and are in fact subsidized by the majority . 
  if you did n't have to deal with them your costs would go down and you would be able to offer your services more cheaply and get larger market share and more profit . 
  so how do you deal with them ? 
  ... they do . 
  fucking muslim extremist killing people are sadly everywhere . 
  wow ... its so strange how these islamist attacks happen in 3rd world countries too , where there are almost no gamers ... as if it had nothing to do with games but with certain `` religion of peace '' ... 
  its simple . 
  leftist now have a dilema on one way they claim to be super duper pro gay . 
  on the other hand they love all muslim immigrants ... 
  so what they do - lets think of some stupid excuse on which to focus . 
  oh its not muslims its video games , oh its not muslim its guns . 
  and so on . 
  depends on in what games . 
  i have fx 8350 aswell and i will upgrade to 480 ( i am planning to upgrade to zen aswell though . ), 
  new games which are threaded well should do fine ( bf included ), 
  depends on who you are . 
  i for one do n't mind not being able to play aaa games for few weeks . 
  it will cost more - you have vat taxes , import duties heavier regulation , higher cost of labor and so on . 
  but propably not 100 $ more, 
  the throtling may have zero to do with heat but with hard set power limits to lower power consumption . 
  just like fury nano . 
  some aibs go over the board and do really crazy designs - power connectors are cheap :-) putting them on doesnt mean they are useful . 
  at 299 $ i would expect aibs to put gddr5x, 
  its hard to say really . 
  we 'll see when we get memory oc benchmarks . 
  considering how much 290 -  390 gained from faster memory and also the fact that 380x lost to 280x in certain titles ( due to memory bandwidth ) i 'd say that it could certainly give few percentage points boost . 
  about those power connectors - there are some aibs that only make amd cards ( sapphire , xfx , powercolor ... ) and they will have nothing to sell in the high end until vega . 
  so i wouldnt be too suprised if they did some crazy overclocking ( lets say 200w tdp ) just to have a product in that performance category . 
  anyway it also could be that they will simply use the 6pin to power memory and 8pin to power gpu - not using any pci-e power - apparently this is better for oc . 
   unless you have a rifle which you are confident is sighted in correctly, 
  its not really gon na matter if your rifle is shooting 1moa to the right in a combat that is happening at 10m distance ... 
  its japanese price and its 8gb . 
  if you subtract vat and import duties and shit you get reasonable price, 
  i am running my screen overclocked at 70hz ( no frameskip or anything ) with hdmi so it can do more than 60 . 
  i am running my screen overclocked at 70hz ( no frameskip or anything ) with hdmi so it can do more than 60 . 
  top kek at people downvoting you ... ignorance is bliss i guess . 
  yea well that is exactly the reasons eu is a shithole - huge taxes , ridicilous regulations . 
  so private insurance does n't exist ?
