  there are still too many ipv4 adresses which are not used or used not economically . 
  so the price of ipv4 adress is very low and will continue to be very low = no sane company will think saving few $ for ipv4 is worth it to lose potential 30 % of people who do n't have ipv6 connectivity . 
  i predict a booming market of seling and auctioning ips :-) and since 80-90 % of people do n't need public ips at all and will be perfectly happy behind nat there is no problem . 
  it is not . 
  amd apu is propably the best bet here . 
  breivik did that in pursuit of political aims aswell ... 
  well it could be argued that nihilism is political aswell . 
  the question is why have n't they released 384bit 3gb 380 ? 
  well i have a answer why have n't they released 285 in that configuration which is obviously so they could get rid of all the 280x stock . 
  but surely they could n't have that many 280x left when they rereleased it as 380 ... could it be yields ? 
  maybe but 7950 ( 280 ) had full memory and full memory bus aswell ... 
  i would rather take 3gb 384bit 380 vs 4gb 256bit 380 . 
  not sure how much is the price of memory but it could maybe even be cheaper . 
  i would disagree the 280x has 384bit same amount of stream processors ( older gcn ) and it is faster ( by few % ) in some titles . 
  so it could definitely use a small bump there :-), 
  well on the other hand they could make 3gb card like the 280x / 7970 which would be imho sweetspot ram for that card . 
  he just went full retard . 
  it is . 
  i am just comparing it to its `` predecessor '', 
  depends on the engine . 
  the new excavator apus combined with ddr4 could be wicked entry platform for pc gaming . 
  and then you could later on upgrade to zen + d.gpu ... damn that seems like a very good platform . 
  the main problem i saw with kaveri was the lack of upgrade path . 
  well there will have to be some redesigning done on carrizo to bring it to desktop . 
  the cpu cores use high density libraries in carrizo so they are optimized for low power low clocks - i.e. 
  using that in desktop would be kind of a disaster . 
  the most interesting thing imo is that all the new apus are soc so there is no need for chipset on the mobo so that could mean the possibility of super cheap motherboards on the low end ( granted high end mobos will propably use a chipset as the one on the die is propably pretty limited ) . 
  this could also theoretically mean `` infinite '' ( aslong as ddr4 is still the standard ) upgradability as the mobo would then just become a bunch of interconnects . 
  the plan as i understand it from what i heard is that first the cheap 28nm excavator based apus will arrive ( basically tweaked carrizo for the desktop ) , then little bit later we will see pure cpu zen ( summit ridge ) come to that platform and finally zen apus will replace the excavator parts . 
  as for your original question - pcie all the way - there are basically no reasonably prices usb wifi cards that support 2x2 / 3x3 mimo with external antennas . 
  and antennas matter a lot . 
  wifi vs powerline ? 
  it depends . 
  how far away are client and ap ? 
  how many obstacles are between them ? 
  how much interference is around you ? 
  are the rooms on the same circuit ? 
  do you have good quality electrical wiring in your home or is it old house ? 
  what are your internet speeds ? 
  what kind of wifi ap do you have ? 
  as far as i remember the zen based apu is gon na be soc . 
  and summit ridge while we know it isnt an soc ( that requires igpu and summit ridge wont have that ) it could still have integrated nb/sb - they just cant call it soc . 
  well maybe be but if there wasnt any tweaking or redesigning going on why wait for so long before releasing it to desktop ? 
  and if they brought it to the desktop with hdl it would propably be inferior to kaveri ( thats why instead of realeasing it they just refreshed kaveri ) . 
  anyway there are some rumours sorrounding it - its called bristol ridge, 
  well sure every chip could have it but not every motherboard has to use it . 
  just as with older apus - it only used parts of the die if it was in a laptop otherwise the chipset on the desktop motherboard tookover and provided those functions . 
  you get super cheap `` passive '' motherboard that will use the soc - you get better powerconsumption but are limited only to few pci-e lanes , not many usb ports and so on . 
  or you get fully fledged mobo which has dedicated chip that takes over and provides you more . 
  you did n't build that !, 
  why would they not be ? 
  being an soc brings a great advantages if you want to use the same design in mobile - simpler mobo , lower power consumption . 
  and since more stuff is in the actual chip it means amd can charge more for it . 
  carrizo was an soc so why would they go back ? 
  well the chip is gon na have that stuff on the die regardless ( the apus atleast ) - implementing it has huge benefits for mobile implementations and designing different chips for mobile and desktop is likely more expensive as the die size difference is very small . 
  on the other hand bristol ridge might not get to mobile at all and summit ridge aswell so there is the posibility that amd wo n't bother to put those bits in but the zen based apus will surely be soc . 
  soc doesnt mean memory on the die . 
  could you give a source ? 
  i find it kind a strange since amd based jaguar socs ( the same uarch that is in xbone/ps4 ) all have sataiii support on die . 
  i am not sure it would actually be more costly since the amd jaguar based socs ( the same uarch that is in ps4/xbone ) all have sata iii support on die . 
  i do n't think implementing sataii on die would make any sense or would save die space . 
  there is no chip that gives that functionality its all in the soc . 
  `` notable would be the concomitant elimination of all other benefit programs . '', 
  guess you are right . 
  for such a big amount of devices savings of few cents matter . 
  even if designing sata ii support was propably more expensive upfront . 
  i researched a bit more and they are also releasing stoney ridge apu which is smaller die excavator based ( 1 exc.module 3gcn cores ) . 
  so yeah if they are bothering to make a small die they are propably gon na redesign the big die aswell . 
  well its not only about hardware and money . 
  powerconsumption is a factor aswell - mainly in eu where there are regulations concerning it . 
  you ca n't just put 600w beast of a machine pc inside a gameconsole :-(, 
  because its a free standard - everytime you implement hdmi you have to pay roaylties . 
  dp is free and is has more bandwidth . 
  i hope there will be some ddr3 boards aswell :-), 
  if any country is gon na adapt ancap or some sort of libertarian system any time soon its gon na be vietnam . 
  they have like the most enterpreneual culture . 
  i live in czech republic and there is small but significant vietnamese minority and those are like the most hardworking people you see . 
  they start small bussiness all the time . 
  it is so prevalent that the biggest store chain that supplies enterprenuers ( makro ) even has a vietnamese section on its website . 
  whats the point of the elections if if you do n't like the outcome you refuse to accept it and kick and scream ... 
  the elections are just a theathre, 
  pls volvo just fucking hire thorin to be in charge of the direction of the game . 
  because you are obviously so fucking out of your mind . 
  the hell is wrong with you ? 
  is the dev team composed of silver scrubs that just love op pistols coz they ca n't even control their economy and buy shit every round ? 
  first cz then tec9 and now another fucking op pistol ... . gg, 
  ps : remember to pay thorin some sick skrilla !, 
  its good that they lowered it for mm but its total bullshit that they made it longer for pro matches ... they just made the game more boring to watch . 
  table . 
  good big table . 
  the round timers are a good start for mm . 
  yes but terrible for pro scene . 
  yes, 
  the two game modes now share the same bomb and round timers - a balance change long-requested by the community . 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  yeah we requested it to have the pro timers . 
  we havent requested valve to literally fuck the pro scene by changin timers which remained standard for 10 fucking years ... 
  edit : havent realized this is kappa . . sorry m8, 
  honestly i would do that ( and since i now have hd7970ghz edition ( = = 280x ) , thats exactly what i am gon na do . ) . 
  this gpu launch is gon na be revolutionary - finally after 5 years we get node shrink ( 14nm ) + hbm should be more prevalent .
