  basically unofficial expansion packs . 
  but i guess i am not one of those `` herpaderp gim me free stuff profit is bad '' self-entitled kids from gov.schools . 
  well i argue that if companies could n't just fall on the government goons to sue you there would be much more money invested into making the software unpirateble ( government is essentially subsidizing software companies ) . 
  so you would see much more agressive drm , always online , and all sort of stuff - they could potentially get microsoft involved and so on . 
  with fast internet connections everywhere and bunch of spare computational power we have now there are ways to make software unpirateble ... 
  you are not entitled to having options . 
  it would be like being angry at mcdonalds for serving hashbrowns only with breakfast menus . 
  its their product they dictate the ways in which you can buy it . 
  if you do n't like the deal you do n't get it at all . 
  can you understand what i am writing - in a world without ip laws much more money would go into making software uinpiratble . 
  for example how are you gon na pirate web applications ? 
  how are you gon na pirate games streamed to you with platforms like onlive ? ... . 
  there are ways to make software unpiratable even now ... 
  imagine if a lot more money and brain power went into it ... 
  i think you are greatly underestimating the human potential ... 
  they would only have to make it so hard to crack that by the time it gets cracked it isnt relevant and most people have bought it anyway ... and there are games even now that do n't get cracked ... 
  ... you do n't know how the market would look in the absence of ip . 
  they are many funding models and nobody knows what would succeed . 
  but it surely doesnt mean that eula would cease to exist at all without government ip laws ... 
  yes and the solution is of course more state :-) :-) :d / s, 
  at the beggining of cs : go there was only m4a4 and p2000 ... but fans wanted to have m4a1 and usp ... so volvo instead of changing the guns added those new ones and since just adding them would break the splices on buy menu they came up with this ... 
  yes its not perfect but honestly i do n't actually mind it at all . -, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrvpywkkauw :d :-), 
  holy fuck not even in post-communist countries - where people actually did get brainwashed in school are people so stupid ... 
  gg u.s.a. it was fun while it lasted . 
  i work as senior networking technician for isp ( midle sized regional ) in czech republic . 
  about 80 % of our clients are wireless ( + -20 % are fiber - where possible ) . 
  the thing is we built our entire infrastructure from scratch without government assistance - set up our own wireless links , made deals with people so they allow us to put accespoints and links on their roofs , put our own fiber into the ground and so on ) . 
  and most of our competitors did the same stuff . 
  the speeds are very reasonable and the service is cheap and there is plenty of competition in majority of places where we operate . 
  so can anybody explain to me what the hell is happening in the us ? 
  all i see is people complaining `` there isnt any competition '' `` nobody is upgrading infrastructure '' . 
  i wish m8 :d i guess its just a case of vocal small minority . 
  everytime i read the news here i get sad ... thats what happens when a 3rd richest guy in the country forms a party without any ideals ( you know all that `` i will run government like bussiness '' bullshit ) and then forms coalition with leftists . 
  all we get now is more and more regulation and death of privacy ( so the taxman can skin us more ) . 
  i guess i should point out that the bussinessman is not somebody who built a better mousetrap but a rumoured communist secret police agent who is getting rich on farm subsidies and he absolutely despises small bussiness ( to the point of calling selfemployed people parasites ) . 
  and the sadest part is that somehow he is somewhat popular ... 
  i do n't know why but it seems to me like a screenshot from video game ( i guess its the post processing effects ), 
  my prediction is that it will be sligthly lower single core performance than skylake but there will be more cores ( kinda like when we got phenom ii x6 ( 6cores ) vs lynfield i7 ( 4cores ) . 
  i do n't think your gpu even supports shield streaming :-) so it will imho make no difference to you . 
  and yes you should propably get a new gpu once you can afford it the one you have is reaally old . 
  agreed . 
  also the smart thing to do is not to buy helmet on ct side when you are expecting a full buy from ts since ak is one hit headshot even with a helmet :-), 
  yeah i think that this hacker issue is overblown ... just a case of the regular `` anybody better than me is hacking for sure '' . 
  well thats not really a shadow ban now is it ... they would know really fast :-d, 
  steam has api ... so it would n't be hard at all just to make an app that will check if they can trade and do a popup :-), 
  what a profound argument edgar . 
  please tell me more . 
  thanks for pointing it out i will correct it . 
  sorry for not being native english speaker . 
  good point . 
  i guess the best way to do it ( theoretically ) , would be with the release of hl3 ( or other big valve game on source2 ) - that way they would n't have to worry about problems of mod dependance and about sharing the split with other game studio and implement something more enticing ( lets say 60 % valve / 40 % modder ), 
  but people can still choose to not have it on steam workshop and haev donations like before or they can have two version of the mod - one free and one payed . 
  the only difference is that now they can release a mod as paid product , before they would get sued for copyright infringment . 
  if you read what i wrote than you see that the split is not really an issue . 
  1 ) there is no guarantee of quality on ebay either ... 
  but there is a reputation system and there are steam reviews ( + potential refund ) . 
  2 ) agree refund system wasnt great . 
  but this is kinda like throwinf a baby with the bathwater . 
  3 ) thats for the modder to decide - as i pointed out you can either make get a big share of a small pie ( your own franchise nobody knows ) or a small share of big pie ( a expansion pack for hugely popular marketed franchise ) . 
  sure its propably a crappy model for a modder who makes a weapon skin as he will propably never get to those 400 $ ... but those guys can decide not to use it . 
  4 ) i never claimed that . 
  i claimed that this would mean bigger budgets - bigger mods and potentially few small indie studios focusing just on expansion pacs . 
  5 ) no i its not gon na kill modding but if it were implemented it could help modding grow a lot . 
  ok seriously are those guys looting toilet paper ? 
  :d :d like for real out of all the things they could steal they choose toilet paper ? 
  well i do n't want to sound like dick but clearly if the 960 had same passmark as 295x2 there is something wrong with passmark :-) :-), 
  and to be fair there is not really a difference in price vs like 400 and 500w psu so only thing that the 960 has going for it is heat which is easily sorted out by a fan . . 
  amd cards have an integrated vce to record gameplay . 
  you can either use obs ( open broadcaster ) or raptr ( which gets all the hate but i had zero issues with it ), 
  960 is great for miniitx - also consider the r9 285 it might be a better deal due to regional pricing . 
  new amd video cards are considerably better at opencl then nvidia - however they ca n't support cuda cause thats proprietary nvidia technology ( like physx ) . 
  \u00b4 sv_autobuyammo now defaults to 0 . 
  wait did valve implement 1.6 style buyng ammo or what ? 
  impossible ... 
  the crashes only happen to russian players so if you are a russian please type voice_enable 0 and keep it that way ... . forever . 
  8k textures for stickers :d, 
  yeah poor communist always being sabotaged ... :-d, 
  i remember watching propaganda videos from the 50s that were on tv in my country ( czech republic ) . 
  they claimed that us airplanes are dropping bugs ( potato beetles ) on our potato fields to destroy our food :d calling them `` american beetle '' . 
  and that we have to fight back the imperialism and kill all of the beetles :d, 
  i was wondering if anybody actually believed that shit back then :d, 
  well theoretically there could be salvaged chips with less than 4 cores . 
  well the 285 isnt very hot ... 
  you would n't really want to sli the 970 anyway cause at higher resolution you 'd be limited by vram . 
  the first computer i got my hands on was pentium 1 100mhz with win 98 . 
  oh good times good times :-) i was like 6-7 y.old ... well and i got hooked for life :d, 
  it was a derogatory term that we embraced as a sortoff fuck-you joke . 
  kinda like the term `` capitalist '' . 
  it says beema for fs1b 2015 ... thats nice ... finally an upgrade for am1 socket . 
  what is interesting is that amd is making zen cpus without any igp ... well thats a one way to keep die size therefore prize down ( seing as about half of intel i5 and i7 cpus are filled with igpu which desktop users seldom use ) . so i guess this ( and the fact the are doing dual core versions ) means that zen will be a big core . 
  i like that . 
  the fact that they are releasing dual core parts and full cpus without igpu imho implies that zen will be a big core . 
  ( heck half of the die of intels cpus is igpu ) . 
  i like that . 
  2nd gen fx means regular piledriver cpu ( 1st gen was bulldozer ), 
  the thing i got from this line up is that zen core will be big ... 
  why ? 
  well first the fact they are not messing with any igpu on their top end chip to save die space . 
  and second basilisk apu `` up to 2 zen cores '' ... in other words they are planning to release a single core cpu in 2016 .
