  jesus christ if government started growing food then after 20 years people would be like oh my god what can we do when government doesnt grow food anymore we will starve to death ... 
  its like buying a used car only to find out that all of them were being sparsely driven by senior driver who only used them once a week to drive into his church :-), 
  definitely can relate ... currently playing cs : go @ 1024x768 low settings :d, 
  yup forgot - i sold my 7970 in preparation for 480, 
  you are reading too much into it ... the way she threw fit at jon after the battle plans ... she is no mastermind just stupid cunt, 
  and yeah lets charge the bowmen without any shields and shit ... lol got battletactics . . 
  and a lord fucking umber leading a charge without a horse ? 
  lol yeah right . 
  lord umber cant even afford a fucking horse to ride into battle lol . 
  withholding serious info that leads to death of thousands is a cunt move . 
  no other way around it :-), 
  nah it was the first episode - the main job was to get to know the characters . 
  same stuff happened in arya sansa conversation ( that is the quen , shut up ... ), 
  it wasnt just this conversation the past two episodes sansa knew about lf and did n't want jon to attack because they do n't have enough men ... 
  aye and jon was a cunt aswell - `` yeah lets draw this really complicated battle plan ... . . oh my little brother who is dead anyway fuck it lets just charge '' . 
  cunt is n't a sexist name . 
  nope ... . its always just dumb luck ... . 
  do n't attack now we dont have the men blablbabvalla but sansa we asked everybody , there is nobody else ... nope definitely wo n't tell him about lf so he can adjust battle plans or wait little more for his arrival . 
  nope . 
  atleast we have this really nice plan so make sure we follow it k ? 
  aaaa fuck it lets just charge . 
  oh damn see these this is some new magical weapon we 've never seen before on the battlefield how possibly can we protect ourselves against it - talking about archer . 
  like really they are gon na charge their infantry into a archer killzone without any shields ? 
  oh look people are marching around us lets just wait and let them encircle us . 
  umbers own the north but apparently they dont own the gold for lord umber to afford a fucking horse to ride to battle and he has to instead fight among footmen . 
  oh nice we have been saved . 
  ok lets break this door and charge are men into the fort ... what possible infantry is the best to charge enemy in close quarter combat ? 
  yea i know its the damn archers right ? 
  i am sorry but this was possibly the most ridiculous portrayl of battle in this series . 
  like really ? 
  i am sorry but no just no . 
  it was just a giant spectacle without any logic . 
  and in a true d&d fashion everyone gets saved by dumm holywood luck in the nick of time ... 
  do n't attack now we dont have the men blablbabvalla but sansa we asked everybody , there is nobody else ... nope definitely wo n't tell him about lf so he can adjust battle plans or wait little more for his arrival . 
  nope . 
  atleast we have this really nice plan so make sure we follow it k ? 
  aaaa fuck it lets just charge . 
  oh damn see these this is some new magical weapon we 've never seen before on the battlefield how possibly can we protect ourselves against it - talking about archers . 
  like really they are gon na charge their infantry into a archer killzone without any shields ? 
  oh look people are marching around us lets just wait and let them encircle us . 
  umbers own the north but apparently they dont own the gold for lord umber to afford a fucking horse to ride to battle and he has to instead fight among footmen . 
  oh nice we have been saved . 
  ok lets break this door and charge our men into the fort ... what possible infantry is the best to charge enemy in close quarter combat ? 
  yea i know its the damn archers right ? 
  i am sorry but this was possibly the most ridiculous portrayal of battle in this series . 
  its the same holywood formula over and over again . 
  characters do stupid shit that gets them into bad situation ( to create tension ) and then at the last minute they are magically saved by dumm luck and plot-armor . 
  and the worst thing is that they did n't need to do that . 
  the odds were bad to begin with . 
  the tension was there . 
  why the hell would you have characters witholding essential battle information from each other ? 
  why the hell would you disregard any battle plan and just charge inferior force into certain death ? 
  why the hell you do stupid shit like charge shieldless infantry into archer kill zone ? 
  ... yeah its the best episode ever . 
  this scene made me cringe ... 
  it looked videogamy af . 
  ok i guess the characters are just stupid then ... 
  it seems to be in stark blood - jon not telling people from the nw about whitewalkers resulting in him getting killed . 
  arya going sightseeing in bravoos when there are assasins going after her . 
  sansa not telling important information to the commander . 
  jon not following his own plans and getting baited . 
  well the thing is though if all the characters act stupid then how the hell am i supposed to root for them and feel for them ? 
  is trusting petyr baelish smart thing to do ? 
  nope , not really . 
  but its not like you have a choice . 
  and its not like they plan had to rely on petyr 100 % like neds did . 
  i do n't want flawless characters i want characters that are not suicidaly idiotic . 
  jon snow has been fricking groomed for command in the nights watch for a long time . 
  we saw him command battles pretty damn well , he even made a pretty good plan . 
  and to throw his whole battle strategy out of the window and just charge into the enemy ? 
  that goes against the character . 
  not the gif i meant the scene in the show . 
  either have have him kill them in two moves ( i.e. 
  stab one and then quickly grab other and slash his throat or whatever ) or just let them get encircled by the soldiers and let the soldiers stab them after he calls the command . 
  the chance he would have landed killing blow on both of them with a single swipe ( and a backhand swipe too ) is really unrealistic . 
  the chance he would have landed killing blow on both of them with a single swipe ( and a backhand swipe too ) is really unrealistic.either have have him kill them in two moves ( i.e. 
  stab one and then quickly grab other and slash his throat or whatever ) or just let them get encircled by the soldiers and let the soldiers stab them after he calls the command . 
  if you really want to skip a season then skip season 6 . 
  otherwise just dont . 
  in scotland you now need a `` good reason '' ( police gets to decide ) to own a fricking air gun with more energy than 1 joule ( includes basically all airsoft toys ) . 
  you also need to present a witness to tell the police you are a good person . 
  if you keep it illegally you can get fined 10 000 pounds ... 
  those people are delusional -, 
  chief constable phil gormley hailed the response to the three week campaign as `` fantastic '' . 
  : `` every weapon handed in had the potential to cause serious harm within our communities if misused , and to have more than 11,000 fewer weapons in existence has made scotland a safer place . 
  wow i didnt know there was massive airgun killing spree in scotland i would bet money there was n't a single murder with air rifle done ever . 
   in one year there were 183 crimes that involved and airgun ( in how many of those incidents were people hurt ? ), 
  well we can safely say that nobody died in any of the offences . 
  why ? 
  because they would have paraded him instead of that kid who died 12 years ago lol . 
  fud at its finest . 
  fury x is flagship . 
  480 is mainstream . 
  and amd already confirmed custom boards ( when discussing the lack of dvi on reference ) . 
  and it still had shit writing . 
  dat sweet karmaaaa, 
  why vote remain though ? 
  the set goals of eu - free market and free movement of people were acomplished decades ago and now its moving away and away from those goals ( more micromanagement , more regulation , mandating taxes , forcing countries to pay debts of other countries and so on . 
  britain can leave the eu and still enjoy the free movement of people and goods ( as it remains in eea ) . 
  well actually lot of black and latinos support trump .
