  i will propably stick with debian - since i 've experience with that one too and it has lts . 
  i thought the higher better ranks without cyka blyat and with proper team communications are always one rank higher then me :d, 
  i ordered passively cooled board ( asrock ) :-) so i hope it will run cool enough :-), 
  plenty of power for what you need . 
  i plan on building very similar build ( a4-5000 - basically the same cpu just 1.5 ghz ) for linux microserver . 
  i have already ordered and am currently waiting for parts . 
  i am not scared cause facebook always suggest to me only utter crap suggestion - literally `` join the communist party facebook group now '' . 
  if they ca n't even figure out i am libertarian/ancap what can they figure ... 
  i guess you could block them on a firewall . 
  how that would impact your os experience i dunno though . 
  i would just suggest buying dedicated hardware - the cost of running older computer 24/7 will outweigh the upfront cost very quickly . 
  ( not to mention the heat and noise ), 
  i suggest mikrotik . 
  they have great stable products for very reasonable prices . 
  and the os is amazing . 
  well if your menu has widgets that need to get the weather/news then yep its pretty normal that it needs to communicate . 
  correct me if i am wrong -, 
  i have win 8 licence - i do the free upgrade =  i still have the full win 8 licence but my upgrade ( new key ) is only for the hardware spec . 
  so if i change my pc i have to reinstall win 8 a do the upgrade again . 
  and if that happens after a year then i do n't get win 10 and can only use win 8 . 
  right ? 
  good question if i 'd want to know this aswell . 
  its ms trying to turn you into a zombie . 
  if you actually bought a full license ( and not an oem ) you are able to use the key how many times you want . 
  from privacy standpoint ? 
  because they are latvian company . 
  and unlike cisco their hardware wasnt compromised by nsa . 
  from reliability standpoint ? 
  their devices run most of our network and they are great . 
  isp grade solution . 
  sure but you can do the same with small mikrotik box that will take like 5w . 
  yearly you are looking at pretty big expense . 
  i said that i have full win 8 license - not oem . 
  its does n't give you the right - it recognizes your right . 
  thanks for your suggestions sadly it didnt help . 
  so i guess i broke it ... damn it and i was being so fricking careful . 
  is there anyway to fix it ? 
  best casters imo . 
  shame they wont be at the major, 
  shit system - seriously letting fans decide the maps is the most bs unfair system i have ever seen . 
  even just straight up rng would 've been better . 
  shit casters/analysts ( apart from anders ) . 
  shit tournament . 
  i wish somebody more competent than esl would run majors . 
  avira avast or avg, 
  good for you i 've been runing the trio of avg , malwarebytes antimalware and common sense for years on my pc and its clean :-), 
  yep but skill ceiling in cs is much higher ( imho ) - you can player cs for years and years and still learn stuff :-), 
  my student licenses upgraded just fine . 
  cause, 
  a ) there isnt any amd cpu that could run fiji vr properly without bottlenecking, 
  b ) cause there arent any proper mitx am3 + boards . 
  for the same price propably the 980 . 
  but ... http://www.amazon.co.uk/xfx-radeon-390x-graphics-gddr5/dp/b00zcbdtws/ref=sr_1_4?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1439131469&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=390x, 
  well it used to be the case that xfx had lifetime warrranty and its amd exclusive oem so there is no chance that they will reuse geforce cooler like asus ( i think it was asus ) did where 2 out of 5 heatpipes didnt even made contact with the core ... 
  so i would go for that :-), 
  self-entitled logic . 
  some people are scum . 
  not your regular home router crap . 
  isp professional grade hardware with os made to do everything you can imagine . 
  but you need atleast some networking knowledge to configurte it . 
  and propably one router isnt the best solution for you . 
  you are looking for a modem then ... 
  well zen is coming q3 2016 according to rumours ... by that time the fiji wont be relevant ... 
  860k + fm2 board is better and cheaper, 
  you do . 
  i phrased it wrongly what i meant is that by that time there will be propably a new nvidia ( or maybe even amd arctic islands ) gpu generation and the fury will be old news . 
  there wont be the wow factor of having the best dual gpu in a small form factor . 
  it could just be an old thermal paste . 
  i suggest changing that first and then getting aftermarket cooler . 
  your friend is a :, 
  a ) stupid, 
  can you test the card in a different system ? 
  that would be propably the best way to start :-), 
  have you tried reseting bios to default settings ? 
  also i would try flashing newest bios on it and checking if the voltages the board supplies are correct ( inline with what other people are getting for that particular chip ) . 
  its hard to say how titan can do after the roster changes. ,, 
  well cause nip has the most fans and esl doesnt care about fair . 
  they care about views . 
  bring out the tinfoil hats !, 
  nip got ez group again =  esl doesnt give a shit about fair tournament ... it only cares about views . 
  yeah how to make great tournament 101 - scramble groups so there is very little time to study and prepare for your opponent resulting in less tactical cs ... gg esl, 
  am i the only one who would rather have some other org prepare majors than esl ... 
  i dislike their format :, 
  - redrawing rly ? 
  so we do want to have less time to prepare for opponents resulting in less tactical games ), 
  - random maps rly ? 
  i dislike their talent ( anders , semmler and sir scoots are great but the rest not so much - they might aswell get rahim to cast kappa ) . 
  there are so many great casters and analyst in the scene and they choose to hire those ... ah well . 
  and i dislike their attitude . 
  to be honest i havent watched titan yet after the roster changes - i sure hope they can get out of the groups :-), 
  i wish kinguin can upset some teams and get a good placing :-) but i sure as hell not expect them to get to the finals :d, 
  ddk and james . 
  but i though setrakian was too busy killing vampires :-d, 
  i am using deathstalker 2013 and am very happy with the purchase . 
  and talent pls . 
  esl wanting to have their own people at all the events is crappy . 
  2 majors ? 
  i was under the impression there are 3 - katowice cologne and dh winter . 
  why do you care about how much it grows ? 
  i can only speak for myself - i really really enjoy the fact that microsoft finaly updated the snap functionality so you can snap windows to different parts of screen and so on ( especcially big difference if you have more than one screen ) .
