  time for apple to update mac pro :d, 
  will it one-up amd though ? 
  for one ryzen currently holds the crown as the fastest 8-core cpu on the market in multithreaded application performance ( in most workloads ) . 
  intel will take that back with i7 7820x thats a given . 
  but look what happens to clock speed just going from the intels 8core to 10core model . 
  it drops 300mhz . 
  what speeds are gon na be the 16core or 18 core model clocked at ? 
  i predict threadripper will actually have a clockspeed advantage , glofo 14nm seems to be pretty damn power efficient at going wide and slow . 
  and since threadripper is mcm - amd can bin only the best dies for power efficiency and simply sell the rest as your regular am4 ryzen . 
  so amd could actually have a faster 16core cpu than intel and at much lower price due to smaller dies - not having problem with yield . . 
  i agree . 
  although ... 
  i 'd argue that it mostly would matter with the lower core count cpus - such as the 6-core or 8-core ... not really with the high core count ones - no one is gon na buy them to game on :-) but with those its kinda bloodbath for amd anyway ... because of the much lower platform cost . 
  just compare :, 
  - i7 7800x 3,5 ghz stock 4ghz turbo 389 $ , socket x299 motherboard 200 $, 
  - ryzen 5 1600x 3,6 ghz stock 4,1 ghz xfr turbo 229 $ , solid b350 motherboard 100 $, 
  that is almost twice the price for a very modest performance increase ... 
  and you need quad channel memory for best performance with intel . 
  can it simply be because of higher sample size ? 
  thundercrypt is the price we pay for civilized computers !, 
  you should also point out that the 2016 10c offering wasnt replacing the 8core at the same price ... it actually was launched as a new sku on top at much higher price . 
  b350 has if it has good vrm design and there are plenty of boards like that will have zero effect on overclocking . 
   `` so while i believe that the 16 core i9 will likely have a lower base clock , it also will be the easiest to overclock . 
  there is no reason why with proper cooling the majority of cpu 's will hit 4.3-4 .4 ghz '', 
  do you really believe that you can manage to run 16cores at 4.4 ghz ? 
  that is gon na take absolutely massive power consumption and create huge amount of heat . 
  especially when the cpu is not soldered . 
  well point is amd has a competitive solution - and we 'll have to wait for benchmarks to see the results :-), 
  well i for one do n't think that you are gon na get massive overclocks out of threadripper ... 
  look intel 10 core is gon na be clocked at 3.3 ghz ... what is the 16 core gon na be clocked at ? 
  3 ghz ? 
  2.8 ghz ? 
  do you expect it to go to 4,4 ? 
  do you expect it to overclock like 50 % - 60 % ? 
  base on the 10 core is 3.3 ghz . 
  in the article this reddit post is about . 
  arguing about overclocks is stupid . 
  6 months, 
  your permit to have a gun is your license to carry . 
  * unless you specifically not apply for it on , or you are younger than 21 . 
  the article is wrong ... 
  the new constitional change has nothing to do with shooting terorists . 
  it says that private gun owners have an important role to play in and are a part of national defense . 
  the ammendmend also guarantees a right to carry . 
  and if this law passes ( today is the second reading and both commities overwhelmilngly approved it ( nobody voted against ) ) , and there is a good chance it will . 
  it will basically make the eu gun law not apply . 
  why ? 
  eu has no right to dictate national defense changes . 
  changes concerning national defense must be voted on unanimously according to lisbon treaty . 
  i am czech and gunowner ( and i carry ) , so i am paying attention to this . 
  there is also plan b ) which a court challenge to the eu regulation , on the grounds that it arbitrarily discriminates against certain countries ( for example they have a exemption if you have strong reservist tradition running atleast 50 years - which obviously applies only to shwitzerland ... 50 years is just arbitrary and ca n't by claimed by any post-communist country obviously ) . 
  there is also this strong bullshit fallacy - `` all the western countries do it , therefore it must be good , we must do it '' . 
  but yeah atleast the citizens here are lot more sensitive to obvious attacks on free speech , there is no pc , and much less nanny state . 
  personal freedom is pretty damn strong here . 
  the law is clearly on the side of the shooter . 
  the problem is the court system ... as you said there is no legal culture about it . 
  there were only a very few cases . 
  most of the time the defendant got to walk free - however it took a long time to go through the system . 
  you see yesterday i bought a pizza , ate it ... it was great ... but then you see i regretted buying it so actually i did n't buy it - they stole my money !, 
  wait ... 
  i thought `` neoliberal '' is the leftist term for us ... basically for people that want laissez-faire ... 
  what is this :d, 
  so basically leftists stole the word liberals from us ... then they made the word `` neoliberal '' as a basically an insult ... and now other leftists stole the word neoliberal from us again :d what a joke . -, 
  '' ( sweden classifies lone male refugees as old as 25 as `` unaccompanied minors . '' ) '', 
  what a joke ... 
  why would anyone use this over teamspeak or mumble ? 
  ... for fuck sakes mumble is freaking opensource and so resource-light that you can literally run your own 24/7 server on a bloody 20 $ wifi router you already own ... 
  lightweight ? 
  having to run your bloody webbrowser is not lightweight . 
  skype had the advantage of being one of the first ... 
  ... . eh i 'd much rather be stuck in the past where my data and what i say is mine , running on my machine and encrypted . 
  not gon na give up my privacy for literally nothing . 
  you pay with your privacy . 
  and still do n't see what is better about running chrome in background when gaming. , ... 
  its literally a meme how much ram chrome uses ... 
  i knew the show is going downhill :d now i have data to back it up :d, 
  `` and with 64 lanes they can cut down price by ditching the slower chipset ones . '', 
  :d :d :d :d :d :d :d, 
  what is more interesting is that more people play valve games than all of the rest combined ... propably more than all the rest in like top 50 . 
  also that so many of those top games are games from independent studios . 
  zero problems with my 7970 ghz edition i used to own when i played it . 
  not sure if newer drivers broke it or something . 
  i am for open borders . 
  i am not for government welfare , free housing for migrants , and economic regulations . 
  if you add these together , the result is a deadly poisonous brew . 
  sure its not the open borders that poison the well . 
  its the other state action . 
  why is it poisonous ? 
  because those policies just make sure that only garbage comes in . 
  atleast that is how it works in europe . 
  to come , live off the government , in government housing ... that is easy . 
  and you will find hundred of statefunded organization to help you with that . 
  to come , work , start a bussiness ? 
  that is ridicilously hard . 
  gues who is coming in droves ... 
  sadly we are living in a democratic society where you ca n't have milion choices on everything like in a free market ... we have policies `` packaged '' into party tickets . 
  and i simply ca n't support policy package which results in destruction . 
  and no this is not just about welfare state getting bankrupt - i could n't care less about that . 
  this is about security and liberty . 
  yeah did n't you hear ?
