  the louder you speak the less you hear . 
  exactly sandy bridge was the first one . 
  hovewer that was due to technical reasons - i.e. 
  higher integration meant that pcie clocks were tied to baseclock so if you overclocked baseclock your pcie devices wouldnt work properly . 
  not like this . 
  well black edition is phenom ii - i remember that because i owned 965 be - now all fx have unlocked multi and apus athlon with the `` k '' are unlocked aswell . 
  well the question is why this didnt happen already with dp vs hdmi ? 
  dp is better in every way and its free to implement . 
  vga is being phased out already - the newest amd gpus ( granted we are talking the fury x ) do n't support vga . 
  i am talking about display port . 
  are you sure dp ca n't do that ? 
  fuck the features just the second the song started i was hyped :d :d ahh the memories . 
  i am not 100 % sure but theoretically in modern cpus there should be no damage as they are smart enough to throttle even shutdown when they are too hot . 
  sheep are scary . 
  pch 845 is bigger number !!, 
  :d but yeah you got the `` ii '' going for it . 
  with fx 4100 he will likely be cpu limited in a lot of games with 380 anyway so the 370 is imho great choice . 
  i would n't worry about it too much since fx4100 woudl bottleneck 380 in a lot of games anyway so 370 is a good choice . 
  not that i know of . 
  however there are bios mods ( unofficial bioses ) that help you use am3 cpus in some am2/am2 + ( those wher the manufacturer havent released official bios . ), 
  try the new unreal tournament - on my fx8350 the load is nicely split in between all the cores and is around 30-40 % . 
  actually it might be airflow issue precisely because the desktop is open - if you close it the case fans will be able to do its job . 
  very interesting . 
  thank you for the testing . 
  i 'll keep this in mind in the future . 
  run memtest to see if your memory is perfectly fine and not doa . 
  holy sh * t . the a4-sfx looks really cool . 
  i 'd suggest you set your power limit in drivers to 80 % then you should be just fine while the actual performance doesnt drop much at all, 
  keep in mind that 14nm finfet should allow higher clockspeeds than 28nm so even if the transistor size is smaller it can be run at higher clocks resulting in higher performance . 
  where did you learn about the 25 % ? 
  more like it will take 25 % less space ( meaning 75 % ) . 
  edit : yeah i was wrong its + -50 %, 
  depends a lot on the motherboard . 
  chips should be very capable of doing it ( afterall its 32nm soi you ca n't get more mature than that ), 
  i have literally never heard something so stupid as `` genderfluid '' ... 
  also it propably wont overclock all that well afterall it uses high density libraries, 
  yeah i looked into it a bit and the only sources i could find was apple a7 ( 1b + transistors with die size of 102mm2 on 28nm ) vs apple a9 ( 2b + transistors with die size of 96mm2 on 14nm ) . 
  sadly apple doesnt release the presice numbers so we ca n't really calculate it all that much but yeah + -50 % scaling seems to be the case . 
  yup on 16nm it was 104.5 mm2 . 
  =  samsung ( and potentially glofo 's ) 14nm is + -8 % denser than tsmc 's 16nm . 
  but that was n't really the question we were talking 28nm vs 14nm ( what amd will be using ) . 
  do the ethical thing and return it . 
  here is the adress :, 
  * puts in my own adress *, 
  well both can be truth :-) we are talking high-end clocks vs sweet spot clocks . 
  first intel 14nm is entirely different procces . 
  so we ca n't really draw conclusions from that . 
  samsungs 14nm likely wo n't be able to clock as high as 32nm soi , other older cpu nodes or intels process . 
  however what i was talking about was comparison to 28nm planar and mostly performance at lower spectrum of clocks ( we are talking a gpu ) . 
  we do n't have many things to compare right now and its not perfect comparison by any means . 
  but apple a7 - made on tsmc 28nm runs @ 1,3 ghz vs a9 ( finfet ) runs @ 1,85 ghz . 
  sure the cpus are different architectectures however a9 has considerably higher ipc than a7 so its unlinkely apple tried to do speed demon . 
  is n't it the same guys that did wolfenstein nwo ? 
  if yes than i feel the game is in good hands :-), 
  totally agree . 
  i felt that wolf nwo was the perfect length . 
  where as i currently play tomb raider ( 2013 ) am like 6 hours in and i start to feel that its really repetitive and find the story boring ... 
  if game has long campaing it needs great story and lot of different places so it does n't feel like the same shit over and over again . 
  fair paint however i have to say it had one of the best stories i 've seen in a video game and that for me is more important that shity engine ( i 've even upgraded my cpu because of that game :d ) . 
  value is in the eyes of the beholder - if you do n't value x % extra performance at x extra $ then you do n't buy that part . 
  releasing expensive products is not anti-consumer . 
  fun fact - computers are more efficient at heating than other electric heaters :-), 
  so if you live in siberia or alaska or place like this then go ahead and overclock that fx9590 + 295x2 :d :d, 
  well this is the article from where i have the data :, 
  and it seems that they somehow got the result that pc is more efficient but yeah that is propably statistically insignificant so you are right . 
  but it could be indeed argued that it is more efficient as the pc will be doing some work ( i.e. 
  mining some altcoin or stuff like that . 
  well i played dead island which was an rpg and was under the impression that dying light is a spiritual succesor/sequel to it so i assumed it is very similar - i might be wrong . 
  i always saw the fx 9590 as more of a marketing part - the first cpu breaking the 5ghz barrier . 
  imho it was meant to be the `` halo '' product for few die hard amd fans to buy . 
  not an actual cpu for the masses . 
  was the part uncompetitive in the market - it sure as hell was . 
  was it stupid to price it that high ? 
  maybe . 
  is it bad for the consumer ? 
  the 390/390x are very highly competitive gpus . 
  and in the eyes of many buyers they are totally worth their price . 
  as i said if you do n't think it is worth it then do n't buy it . 
  gpus are sold in tiers for a reason . 
  the higher the performance the higher the margin - that is the only way to make money in the market - flagships subsidy the r&d . 
  ehm you propably meant socket 939 . 
  there was no am1 ... am1 is a recent socket for cat cores . 
  and puma, 
  well i would be very sceptical to say pascal is right around the corner ... 
  i would expect 970 replacement to drop around the end of the year . 
  spot on . 
  if you speak about the og i7 then yes, 
  this sure seems very nice . 
  but remember this is just superpi it might not be indicative of overall performance . 
  was i talking about how strong is which cpu ? 
  no i wasnt . 
  i was just making a point that games do actually use more than 4 threads - not always most efficiently they can but they sure do use them . 
   there is reason why an i5 4xxx processor still defeats i7 4790k , i7 5820k or even an i7 5960x in gaming . 
  except that is not the case in modern games ... 
  even old sandy bridge i7 2600k @ 3,4 ghz actually beats i5 4670k @ 3,5 ghz ... in ac : syndicate . 
  the same is true in battlefront , fallout 4 , dying light , hitman and so on . 
  basically in almost every modern game more multithreaded performance trumps the slightly slower singlethread speed . 
  most games do use more than 4 cores . 
  the question is how efficient they are at it . 
  but is sure as hell is n't the old mantra of more than 4 threads do n't matter do n't bother with anything bettter than i5 .
