  so holiday season it is . 
  `` it went viral because 99 % of people wanted to comment about how unsupported/wrong/hurtful the doc was '', 
  whoever wrote this basically confirmed that google is a huge echochamebr ... you have to be mentally retarded to think that 99 % agree with you on something . 
  i 'd bet that 99 % ca n't even agree on murder being illegal :-), 
  engine . 
  i buy seasonic . 
  why ? 
  because it is a solid choice . 
  it is oem . 
  it actually manufactures the psu . 
  not just buys it from some other company and puts their name on it . 
  the point is if i go with seasonic i do n't have to research the specific psu look for reviews teardowns and all that stuff . 
  i can rely on it being well made solid choice for a good price . 
  could i potentionaly if i did all that find a unit that was just as good and cheaper or little bit better for the same price ? 
  possibly . 
  do i really care all that much about psu to do it ? 
  btw : my current psu is a 5 year old seasonic m12ii-620w . 
  still runing like a champ . 
  i had to replace the fan inside because it started to get noisy , but that is normal after years of use . 
  do you have a 10gbit/s router ? 
  nice one . 
   `` that 's because amd 's gpu 's have never really competed with nvidia for more then a few months '', 
  how old are you ? 
  ... . wow look i picked a 80 + gold rated psu and it performs up to 80 + gold spec ... therefore everything what he said is not true . 
  no name psu ( which is the lowest common denominator for which they have to do recommendations ) can be like 70 % efficient at 50 % load while 60 % efficient at 70 % load and fail at 100 % load . 
  it might be a lot ... but not compared to rust :-d, 
  best solution . 
  drillbit and ethernet cable . 
  good points . 
  thinking about it it also could help with mini-itx the new design shaves 6mm of vertical space around the socket . 
  thanks , makes sense . 
  must have missed that . 
  i find it interesting that czechs and slovaks would have such a different outlook . 
  its not like their cultures are radically different or anything . 
  they are very very similar . 
  heck most adults in those countries lived at a time when the countries were united ... 
  the language is so similar that both nationalities have no problems understanding each other . 
  ... maybe calling bs ? 
  i find it interesting that czechs and slovaks would have such a different outlook . 
  its not like their cultures are radically different or anything . 
  they are very very similar . 
  heck most adults in those countries lived at a time when the countries were united ... 
  the language is so similar that both nationalities have no problems understanding each other . 
  ... maybe calling bs ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  this is great news . 
  do n't buy this `` they 're fascist '' shit . 
  that is just the left crazy talk . 
  to the left everyone right of stalin is a fascist and reactionary . 
  they 're just sick and tired of the left bullshit and see right through them . 
  they see through the bullshit of state , through the bullshit of the universities and so on . 
  most of them are libertarian on most issues and they do n't even know it . 
  are some of them actually racist/fascist - yes and you can thank the left for that . 
  they 've made the terms meaningless . 
  i for one will likely buy vega 56 . 
  i need a new gpu to run my 1440p freesync screen . 
  and vega 56 looks like a damn good deal . 
  i 'd like to know what you people get taught in public schools ... its always the same ... blahblahblah prices in europe are higher . 
  yes they fucking are you pay + -20 % vat , you pay higher prices because you have mandated longer warranties , you pay higher prices because of more regulation , more expensive labor and so on . 
  ... ... wow you have same fps even though his gpu literally has to render 33 % more pixels than yours :-) yeah right . 
  how many people are still alive who lived through that ? 
  do you think it has any effect on the current generation ? 
  in which world would hillarry be better for liberty . 
  please physically remove yourself from this subreddit :-), 
  maybe it is related ? 
  more people building new rigs due to ryzen release =  more people buying ram . 
  =  higher prices, 
  please would you kindly physically remove yourself from this subreddit . 
  only retarded leftists use the word `` fash '' or `` fashist '' ... by the fucking definition the entire word we live in is fashist or calling it with a different name - corporatist ... 
  so calling anyone `` fashist '' is meaningless . 
  i 'd say that most people were already members of both subs :-), 
  for self-defense to be effective it needs to be stronger and swifter then an attack . 
  that is by definition . 
  if someone attacks you with a knife , defending yourself with a knife is stupid and will get you killed . 
  even european law recognizes this ( talking about czech republic ) . 
  that is why our law does n't state that the defense needs to be proportional . 
  it says that defense ca n't be entirely out of proportion - citing an example of using a firearm to defend against petty theft . 
  ( as for the car - i 'd like to not comment until we know all the details . 
  it might very well be justified self-defense , it is caught on video that the car was hit multiple times before accelerating . 
  or it might be basically terorism . ), 
  i only saw a video of him driving towards a blocked road . 
  i sure as hell could n't see from the video that he could 've safely driven home . 
  not to mention the car was attacked prior to him speeding . 
  hate to break it to you but car isnt a tank :-) if you are surounded by people you are not safe in a car . 
  does it though ? 
  if a violent crowd smashes your window it does n't just imply attack on your property . 
  it implies attack on your life ( what will they do after they break your window ? 
  stand around and sing kumbaya ? 
  no they are likely to pull you out and beat the shit out of you even kill you . ), 
  if i 'd be sorrounded by a crowd doing that and there was no way out but through them it would definitely justify running through them . 
  car is not just property in this case - it is basically your last line of defense . 
  that is like saying that you ca n't defend against intruder breaking in through your door as the door is just property :-), 
  i would n't call 32 year old `` young '' . 
  she was not a teenager or in her early 20s . 
  you do n't need to say `` young '' to manipulate more sympathy . 
  facts  feels, 
  not really . 
  genocide is by definition based on race/nationality . 
  they wanted to '' `` remove '' '' leftists . 
  leftists are not a race .
