  they are rumoured to release 65w quad which turbos to 4ghz . 
  keep in mind that is on new excavator cpu architecture which has + -35 % better multithreaded ipc than the current fx lineup ( piledriver ) . 
  so essentially it would be like if you got fx cpu clocked at 5,5 ghz . 
  which is nothing to sneeze at . 
  + later on you could upgrade to zen . 
  i think this is gon na be a great budget chip which should be able to compete with i3 in modern games . 
  older photos ( few things changed now ) : http://imgur.com/a/ugg0i, 
  fx-8350 @ 4.3 ghz cooled by scythe ninja3 cooler with noctua 140mm fan, 
  12gb of ddr3 ram ( 4 +4 +2 +2 ), 
  gigabyte radeon hd 7970 ghz edition 3gb, 
  120 gb intel ssd ( boooo ! ), 
  3tb wd red for storage, 
  asus m4a89gtd am3 motherboard ( no official support for fx8350 but it works :d ), 
  razer deathadder 2013, 
  tesoro durandal mechanical keyboard ( red switches ), 
  superlux hd668b headphones, 
  xbox one controller for sidescrollers, 
  happily hyped and waiting for 14nm zen and arctic islands like a little kid :d, 
  i am with very similar boat ( fx @ 4.3 ghz and same gpu ) - and i will propably be upgrading my cpu first . 
  my reasoning is that my gpu doesnt get used to 100 % even now in some titles and that if it then gets i can still lower details for good framerate when not cpui bottlenecked . 
  i am sorry people but argument is not a popularity contest . 
  gabe is 100 % correct that money is how society steers resources to acomplish goals . 
  its how market works . 
  just because you downvote the truth doesnt make it false :-), 
  you can cry all you want how `` materialistic '' and `` unfair '' it is but market does n't care , market just works . 
  you can still download skins that only you will see for free . 
  ... argument is not popularity contest . 
  he said fact . 
  just because people downvote it doesnt make it less truth . 
  what circle jerk ? 
  i play cs : go a lot and basically the only time someone mentions skins is when they compliment someone on a rly nice one ... 
  at stock clocks yes . 
  but kaveri due to its manufacturing process can not be overclocked so high . 
  so if you overclocked both it would be about on par . 
  but anyway there is no 6 core kaveri :-(, 
  what about instead of teaching men to deal with women we teach women not to be fucking crazy ... oh wait . 
  we are living in a cablecutting culture !!!, 
  screw the matriarchy . 
  top kek, 
  you can propably save up for one beer if you get 1600mhz ram instead as that would be the speed youll be running it at anyway as your others are 1600 . , 
  and definitely get amd card 750ti is very bad deal for the money ( 360 / 360x / 370 / 370x ) . 
  i would only suggest 750ti if you were like upgrading prebuilt with 250w psu . 
  also you could get a potentionally better deal by going used xeon route . 
  this is a pretty great oportunity for amd and nvidia . 
  amd because it needs lot of short term money right now ( and obviously margins on higher end cards are bigger ) . 
  for nvidia it is important because if such thing did n't happen and vast majority of people would 've been happy with 1080p experience and there wouldnt be any big push they would essentially go out of bussiness . 
  because that would mean that in a generation or two most people would be perfectly happy with apu ( intel or amd ) and `` mid-range '' card would be dead and mid-range cards are obviously where you get most profits . 
  you underestimate the power of vr porn . 
  they made their vr tech avaliable like a month before nvidia so basically the same stuff . 
  if you switched to a new gpu and actually had lower fps that would be like the stupidest thing ever ... top kek lel . 
  not really they are in cs : go aswell ... they are actually gon na be given a major in 2016 . . 
  `` strongly supported by japanese meti ( ministry of economy , trade and industry ) and its governmental funding program nedo '' . 
  yeah great what we need is more cronyism . 
  if by failed you mean the left mouse button starts registering double clicks and such then the same happened to me after + - a year . 
  what is strange though is that logitech uses the exact same microswitch part that fails ... 
  anyway its pretty easy fix you just buy a new microswitch for like a dollar and solder it in place of the old one . 
  just make sure you do n't only look at average fps but also on frametimes . 
  those dual cores pentium have a pretty high tendency to stutter if you are not gpu bound - they get used to 100 % and then every stupid os task in the background will cause your game to sttuter . 
  something that wont happen with the 860k as it has more threads . 
  your average fps might go down a little bit but overall experience might be better due to higher minimums . 
  entirely depends on the gpu . 
  you can call maxwell fermi 3.0 it doesnt change anything . 
  gcn is a pretty damn sweet uarch that isnt really in a need of massive upgrade . 
  you can even purchase nvidia nforce chipsets for am3 + which dates to 2006 ... :-) amazing isnt it ? 
  `` lower consuption energy ? 
  better performance ? 
  what else ? '', 
  what more can you want ? 
  the names of the proccesses like 40nm 28nm and 14nm are not some hard measured data - they are more like marketing terms . 
  just because 14 is the half of 28 doesnt mean that the process is twice as small . 
  officially its not 4.0 neither is it 1.3 . 
  it is just `` 4th generation gcn '' - that is the way amd calls it . 
  the other nomenclatures are unofficial . 
  but who cares its just a name . 
  if you are gon na embed it in a wall socket why not just power it from the wall aswell ? 
  maxwell is a lean gaming architecture that is great at dx11 tesselation heavy gaming and not much more . 
  you can take that as a plus . 
  but i 'd rather have a gcn based gpu that draws few more watts but is capable of heavy compute and when stretched to its limits mops the floor with maxwell . 
  both of those are unoficcial - amd just calls it `` 4th generation gcn '' . 
  according to the article i read . 
  they showed a small size die - indicating that the first gpu they will release will be a mid/lowend product . 
  so they propably werent showing their flagship but a small gpu that was utilized . 
  anyway it was pretty damn impressive imho . 
  it would make sense to release small one first :, 
  a ) small die size helps yeilds and 14 is not very matured yet for big dies, 
  b ) they desperately need something to compete in mobile - which this will ( this gpu could be in new macbook ), 
  c ) r7 370 is the oldest card they sell now ( still gcn 1.0 ) so it would make sense to replace it first, 
  d ) if they release flagship now , nobody would buy fury x2, 
  they compared their r7 370 replacement ( most likely , being that it is small die and oldest card they sell now + comparable to 950 ) to 950 . 
  so its not like they were demoing their flagship while `` idling '' . 
  any way we are yet to see who comes out better . 
  nvidia was historically pretty bad with die shrinks + we might see even different proccesses ( nvidia being on tsmc 16nm and amd on glofo/samsung 14nm . 
  ) + amd will propably release first - they have working silicon now . 
  i do n't think we will see slim consoles on 14nm anytime soon . 
  its because 14nm process is not cheaper than 28nm like was the case almost always before - so there is not very big incentive to redesign yet . 
  maybe when 14nm matures more . 
  or maybe we will see console slims on 22fdx which is cheaper process than 14nm with only slightly lower performance ( and in some cases even better perf ) that one is comming soon . 
  not neccesarilly 14nm is more expensive than 28nm ( which was the case all the generations before ) . 
  and 28nm is projected to be used for a lot longer because of that . 
  maybe later the consoles will migrate to 22fdx which is cheaper than 14nm ( but not yet in full swing ) .
