  also i am little bit more sensitive to sunlight so i wear sunglasses a lot but i am ok with that :-) and those effects i believe will get better over time since you get more used to them, 
  yep - i have an eye allergy of some sorts which means i have to use eye drops that do n't play well with contact lenses . 
  also the overall cost of using lenses is much higher over time than just getting one time operation done + there is the discomfort of having to put them in pull them out and such . 
  well there is darwin price for that ... hehe some wires here * - puts hand on it - * x - (, 
  sure you can overclock it ... but i do n't think they can get away with giving you inferior product ( 280x is inferior to 7970ghz edition ) - i am not a legal expert but i sure do n't think they can do that in eu ... well who knows i sure would n't mind getting 290 :d . 
  yes but gigabyte 7970ghz edition is clocked @ 1100mhz where as 280x only 1050mhz, 
  i currently have an old geforce 250 ( its good to have an old parts bin :d ) - and its still pretty capable ( i can play cs : go @ 1080p medium at solid fps ) . 
  so i am ok with it :-), 
  sure the point still stands - 7970ghz editions all passed 1100mhz so 280x is a inferior card . 
  yeah but it doesnt really matter :-) i will make a thread how the rma went :-), 
  oh you are correct ... 
  i havent realized they made both 1050 and 1100mhz cards, 
  scythe - i purchased their ninja3 cooler and after like year and a half the fan started being louder so i asked support if i can somewhere buy a new fan cause its not worth it to rma the whole cooler over it . 
  well they just sent me a new fan free of charge :-) ( in the end it turned out that the fan i though was broken only needed some oil and still runs today - but still props to scythe ), 
  thanks for the info my 7970ghz is more fucked up . 
  in games it works just fine but when watching video the machine starts artifacting and the driver shutsdown sometimes it blue screeens . 
  propably the vce is dead . 
  also the temperature sensor doesnt show info . 
  letdown only to those who havent seen the obvious fallacies and problem of that system ... 
  `` government funding for abortion is illegal - so the government isnt funding it '' ... how stupid do you have to be not to realize in the year 2015 the simple economics 101 fact that money is fungible . 
  well there are few kinda obvious problems with communism -, 
  the most obvious one almost everybody thinks about is the incentive problem - i.e. 
  if you want `` from each according to his ability , to each according to his need '' what do you do when suddenly nobody is `` able '' to do stuff that people dont like like garbage/sewage cleaning and stuff . 
  and how do you stop people from suddenly needing everything . 
  well the communist answer to that was ofcourse that they will create `` a new communist man '' who will think and act differently than a normal human being ... and to do that they needed indoctrination , gulags and torture and still failed . 
  the one that is not so obvious is the economic calculation problem , which mises proposed in 1920s . 
  you can see clearly how horribly they failed at economic calculation and that is even when they could simply look at prices in other countries - once there would be no countries with market prices nobody would knew what to produce - you would have no mechanism in place to know if its more efficient to spend steel to make cars or use it in a different way . 
  that is the point - they failed even when they copied prices . 
  imagine a world where every country is communist - there would be no prices to copy and the whole system would fail much sooner . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  just build a tiny cheap htpc ( for example am1 platform ) and stream over the network ... 
  just to add to this . 
  later he posted this picture on his facebook profile : https://scontent-frt3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/12042724_922162007860632_3198147234768145645_n.jpg?oh=f1a05edc40f2bdc58df019f27faae5ee&amp;oe=56944b3a, 
  with comment : `` another picture from my private life , nobody wanted money for this though '', 
  gets to global , plays nuke . 
  you are buying a license to use a product not a product . 
  if you violate that license your license is void . 
  its as if you `` bought '' lets say a car for cheap price from your parrents under the condition that you wo n't drive it under influence . 
  and after driving it under influence you would complain that they took it away ... . 
  you agreed with these conditions so screw you for not respecting them . 
  if you value freedom at all than you should recognize that freedom of contract   any government bullshit . 
  doesnt really apply since you are not buying actual products but licenses that can have some limitations . 
  be sure to check if its ok to do that with your vendor - you might void a warranty . 
  what is your psu ? , have n't you forgot plugging pci-e power cables ? 
   `` under this definition anyone short of an anarcho capitalist that wants the complete dissolution of government is not `` working toward limited government '' and thus can not be a mgtow . '' . 
  anarcho-capitalists by definition do not work towards limited government - they work towards no government . 
  so your point is basically bs . 
  and if you are against limited ( or no ) government - i.e. 
  letting the market and therefore biology work you are no better then a feminist . 
  relevant : http://christophercantwell.com/2015/09/26/why-mens-rights-is-libertarian-and-feminism-isnt/, 
  32-bit version of windows is less ram hungry . 
  2/10 needs more chins :d, 
  ofcourse but since it doesnt have to adress for so many adresses ( 2 to the power of 64 as opposed to 32 ) the individual adresses are much shorter and therefore storing stuff in memory it is more efficient . 
  thats why minimum reccomended specs for win 10 64bit are 2gb ram and for 32bit only 1gb . 
  the downside is that when the cpu is gon na be calculating huge numbers its gon na be not as efficient as with 64bit os , and ofcourse the ram limit . 
  i am more amazed there is such thing as `` minister for women '' in australia ... 
  is n't that little bit sexist ? 
  but i guess equality :d, 
  i am running fx8350 with r9 280x on seasonic 620w psu without any problem . 
  you should be allright . 
  even in this scenario i would rather get 280x - its cheaper and more powerful - and the difference will only get bigger with dx12 + it has one 1gb more vram to boot . 
  if you want to be super safe then turn down your needlesly high overclock - it has likely 0 effect on your fps anyway since you are gpu limited and turn down power limit for the gpu in the drivers - it will run cooler and on less power for a very small performance hit . 
  i 'd suggest you get a kill-a-watt and measure :-) overclocking ussually results in pretty big differences in power draw - if it would be only 20w difference you can bet your ass off that intel would make a 4.4 ghz sku :-) you are getting more performance but efficiency goes down . 
  well in that case get gtx960 . 
  i find it pretty strange though - 280x are ussually much cheaper . 
  also check r9 380 . 
  80ping is too high, 
  it dieded :-(, 
  you do n't . 
  5 % is a lot . 
  ok i ask you in a different way ? 
  how many percents of your annual income do you donate to a charity ? 
  i would like that very much, 
  dat amd master race, 
  `` i know some of our readers have claimed they wo n't buy from amazon due to the uk tax evasion scandal in recent years . '', 
  loooooool what a bunch of gubernment dupes . 
  i guess i know have another reason to buy from amazon . 
  i do support any tax `` evasion '' - i.e. 
  not letting the governmetn steal your money and use it to opress people . 
  its the ussual lets get the government to fix obvious parenting problem ... 
  red orchestra 1 had similar feature - if you shot somebody hand his weapon would drop on the ground and he had to retrieve it ... oh we had so much fun trolling :d ( sniper was restricted class so only like 1 in 30 players could be one - se we found the sniper and watch him go prone zoom and then just shoot his hand take the gun and run away :d :d by the time he realized what was happening we were gone :d ), 
  recommended : intel core i7 4790 ... wow just wow, 
  if you want the best then get some carrier-grade stuff from mikrotik . 
  they have huge gain and sensitivity . 
  the only problem is that they make it in mini format and not full pci-e but you can get convertors for that . 
  http://routerboard.com/r11e-2hpnd and they ofcourse got one for 5ghz ac . 
  if you just want ok card that will work get some cheap tp-link pci-e 2x2 mimo n card and forget about it . 
  correct . 
  onboard ethernet is ok for regular use . 
  atheros is basically the only wifi chipset i can recommend . 
  they are the best . 
  period . 
  other are not bad and work just fine but atheros is simply the best . 
  and of course the particular make and model/brand matters aswell . 
  the 32bit version can run somewhat ok on 2gb ram - i 'd say it is usable for someone who does n't multitask . 
  the 64bit version is worse . 
  i would ` nt wish it to anyone :d, 
  well windows 8/10 needs some x86 extensions that most pentium 4 do n't support . 
  mikrotik - carrier grade stuff . 
  mikrotik makes basically the best routers in the market apart from super expensive stuff like cisco .
