  what would be nice is if it was compatible with fm2 socket - cause to my understanding the changes done to fm2 were all because of hsa ... but i guess adapting it to fit would cost money :-), 
  if i do tweak it the most noisy part of my computer is my seasonic psu ( used to be hdd but now it hardly does anything with ssd inside ) . 
  if i do n't it runs at 50 % idle which is bs and is noisier than the psu . 
  its not very noisy but i can hear it ... but i heard other non-reference designs with dual-fan ussualy run less noisy than my triple fan gigabyte . 
  i do have open headphones not insulating ones so there is not much difference with or without them as long as i keep the volume of the sound thropugh the speakers the same . 
  when gaming without sound it is definitely little noisy - but there is nothing you can do about that . 
  well thats strange ... then why are you on amd subreddit ? 
  i had phenom x4 965 overclocked @ 3.8 and upgraded to 8350 on the same mobo and performance is noticably better it runs cooler and quieter . 
  overall i am happy with the purchase . 
  it was just theoretical ... 
  i run 8350 so i am not in need of fm2 + board, 
  big/full tower atx master race :-p :d, 
  i ca n't really speak about the powercolor brand . 
  about the psu though - depends on what cpu are you running . 
  i for instance run 8350 with 280x and it performs ok on seasonic 620w psu but with my hdds and stuff its kinda hitting the limits and i wouldnt be comfortable with 550w unit ( it would propably still work though ) . 
  750w would be a nice one - you could do some serious overclocking with that added power, 
  that is 84watt part i 'd say 550w should be enough as long as, 
  its a good quality psu . 
  its not old ( they degrade over time ), 
  3 . you are not planning to overclock, 
  4 . you are not running lot of drives . 
  just to be safe and have some headroom i would pickup a higher wattage model ( or if you have large case and some spare old psu rig it up so one of them powers cpu and mobo and the 550w one powers just the gpu . 
  use this to calculate your system, 
  then you are alright :-), 
  its propably so it has enough current on the 12v rail . 
  just check if your psu has enough amps on 12v rail . 
  if you are not doing serious overclocking then aftermarket air cooler is enough :-), 
  its done in hardware . 
  just without licensing fees ... 
  what is the big deal ... pga is perfectly ok ... maybe even better - you can repair broken/bent pin a lot easier than with lga, 
  i really do n't get this ... how many hours per day do you play games or use your gpu to its limits in other ways ? 
  i 'd say that 80-90 % of the time your pc is on , the gpu is idling ... 
  and while that gpu is idling it draws very little power ... there is like 10watt difference between 290x and 980 when idling . 
  now bring out your calculators and see how much money you save over the lifespan of that card ... or do n't bother because the time you would spend making that calculations is propably worth more money then all your savings ... 
  exactly - i do n't see any benefit to the consumer . 
  and i would bet pricewise it is more expensive to implement lga vs pga ( socket + cpu ) . 
  not sure about your math but for curiosity i just rerun those numbers, 
  ( ( 101w difference * 3h * 365 days ) / 1000 ) * 0.17, 
  and came up with 18 $ of difference as oposed to 25 $ ... 
  but kudos to you . 
  i guess i was wrong when i said that the price difference is meaningless . 
  for a really heavy gamer that lives in a place with pricy electricity it might actually make sense to pay premium for lower wattage card . 
  guess i was kinda blinded by the way i use a pc :-) ( 90 % times gpu idles and i game on it maybe + -1 hour a day max ... + we have cheap electricity and mild climate :-), 
  ( i am actually kinda sad since a switched cpu to lower wattage one i cant heat my legs in winter when i put them in front of exhaust fan :( :d ), 
  yeah its kinda strange i ca n't find any reviews either ? 
  did amd screw up with nda like with athlon 5350 ? 
  rage engine sucks but wolfenstein was imho best singleplayer story driven game of recent years ... 
  so i guess its worth to play it . 
  :-) i upgraded just for wolf :d, 
  well yeah but i bet with all that die space disabled it wo n't suffer from overheating and thermal throttling and will propably be a better overclocker than 7850 so imho there is point in reviewing it ... 
  i am 99 % sure this is not the case . 
  in my opinion the reason why they give windows ( server os 's , and other software for that matter such as - visual studio and other development tools ) to it students is that they want the soon to be it profesionals and programmers to use their software and if `` everybody smart '' is using windows then why the hell would other users use anythign else . 
  otherwise lots of students would learn on linux and develop apps for linux . 
  in the long run those few copies they give out is nothing compared to future purchases ... 
  yes am3 and am3 + have the same mounting system . 
  even stock coolers on my phenom x4 965 and 8350 were the same . 
  ( you can even run fx chips on some am3 mobos with bios update ) :-), 
  did you disable power saving options in bios ? 
  yes . 
  well thats why it does n't underclock when idle ... 
  x has negative conotaions in asia ... ( heard it in some documentary about the original xbox ), 
  lets go team red :-) !, 
  thouhts : for media pc i would say that kaveri might be overkill - 5350 might be enough in lower power envelope ( abosulutely silent :-) ), 
  the same with ram . 
  but you propably want to play some games on that machine too so what the hell :-), 
  i would skip the hdds and just put small ssd inside and just stream all the content from dedicated nas . 
  windows 8.1 metro interface is nice for tv - if you want it to be multifunctional - if you just want media pc then xbmc ( xbmcbuntu ) is all you need and its free and looks amazing . 
  just a tip : nintendo wiimote is pretty good remote control for windows 8.1 :-), 
  what about waiting for the new radeon series ? 
  btw shouldnt 285 use some losless compression or something so stuff doesnt take up as much ram inside ? 
  or am i just confusing it with something else ? 
  well we will see if that changes whan 3xx series hits the market - because until recently only 290/290x and 260 had true audio which was really small percentage of people = not much sense in implementing it . 
  get a mikrotik router ( rb750 should be enough for soho ) + gigabit ethernet switch + maybe some wireless accesspoints . 
  simple network setup is really easy . 
  where stuff gets little bit complicated is when you are trying to qos , do backup connections , load balance , split networks and stuff like that - but with mikrotik you wo n't be limited be features :-), 
  sadly i have to agree . 
  if my old am3 mobo was n't compatible with fx ( bios update rocks ) i would propably still be running phenom ii x4 965 and waiting for the new core ( i refuse to buy intel for all the anticompetitive sh * t they 've done in the past ) . 
  well now when the frickiong consoles are 8core maybe finally some people will start releasing games that utilize all my cores :-) about damn time ... :d, 
  i still use hp laserjet 1018 which is almost 10 years old and still runs like a champ . 
  i use it as network printer with p910nd running on my router :-), 
  does everything i need , toner lasts long and prints very fast . 
  cable is cable . 
  if routing a new ethernet cable to your pc is not an option do powerline instead of wifi repeaters - or build your own proper wifi repeater with 2 wireless nics and on of antenas directional ( you can do that with mikrotik rb912uag-2hpnd + minipci-e 2,4 ghz atheros wifi card from ebay . 
  but wifi repeateers you can buy from stores are shit ) . 
  do you even drill bro ? 
  ethernet  powerline  repeater, 
  stay away from linksys if you value privacy - cisco is in bed with nsa . 
  best thing you can get is mikrotik . 
  if not then get some tp-link or other router which is compatible with openwrt, 
  actually i did n't even notice that southpark had non-rebindable keys ... 
  i did hovewer notice it was locked to 30fps which was terrible when running ( using shift key ) ... 
  nintendo hurts you by not releasing a title for your platform ? 
  lol just lol ... by that logic i guess bill gates is hurting you by not giving you milions of dollars ... 
  sure but they are smarter than to show fast running choppy sequences in the show ... 
  what does anti-consumer even mean ?!, 
  would it be better if they did n't release anything at all ? 
  that could n't be called anti-consumer could it ? 
  i would n't really call exclusives bad ... 
  if nintendo did n't get revenue from hardware sales they would n't be able to make as much titles ( if it was n't more profitable they would n't do it ) . 
  so nintendo fans would n't be able to enjoy as many titles - so its not bad for nintendo key demographic - and why should they care if its bad for other people ? . and nobody is forcing you to buy anything .
