  or they learned their lesson last time when every reviewer was shit talking them for their reference cooler being shit . 
  so this one time they want to have the best possible and most quiet cooling ... 
  according to rumors the tdp is 300w which is basically the same as 290x and that card has no trouble being cooled with good aircoolers :-), 
  well who knows how the calculate the tdp : -- ) if am not mistaken they do it differently than amd ( and intel ) . 
  if you look at powerconsumption then the difference is clearly not double ( which is easy to measure ... ) . 
  for instance bioshock - 980 - 274watt and 290x-310watt ( all around is + - 10-20 % ) - kinda small difference for all the talk nvidia is giving about power consumption . 
  and idle power consumpotion is basically identical ( which is what the gpu is doing most of the time ) . 
  i would actually be suprised if 390x didnt have better power consumption to performance than nvidia card . 
  well that was the whole nvidia strategy wasnt it ? 
  publish tdp and talk about powerconsumption and then not release any reference card so every benchmark has nonreference overclocked cards and customers will still think that it has low power consumption and great performance both . . 
  they improved significantly and 980 is a great card ... but the difference isnt that significant as many people believe :-) - simply you cant have your cake and eat it too, 
  yeaaaa pour all that money into that shithole and hope they make something good ... 
  i dont think that is how it works ... 
  i vote with my wallet and i will prefer to give money to companies that care about me . 
  played ac 1 for a little bit found it too repetitive and boring - havent picked up another one since . 
  have n't picked up ubisoft far cry yet ( played fc 1 but that was crytek ) but have no intention to ... 
  i kinda like the tom clancy games though so i might pick that up when they are on dirt cheap sale :-), 
  could i expect i5 540m ( first gen i5 32nm 35watt hyperthreaded dual core @ 2.53 - 3ghz ) coupled with this and desktop gpu run some non demanding games such as cs : go on decent playble settings ( i.e. 
  more than 60fps ? ), 
  or would the cpu bottleneck me ? 
  depends on what gpu are you gon na use with it and what generation of pci-e does your laptop have :-), 
  i already have a good fulltower desktop to play the other games :-) i was thinking about this so i can play some multiplayer games when i am not at home ( lugging fulltower and monitors sucks :d ), 
  well that is what i am asking if the cpu wont bottleneck me too much :d, 
  we imho will see more of apple + amd collaboration ( semicustom designs ) but i do n't think outright buying amd is very real . 
  there is n't very big reason to do that imho - they can get everything they need through semicustom . 
  why not lol . 
  you agreed to that contract . 
  if you do n't let them in you can be disqualified . 
  lol why should you be able to sue them ?!, 
  you agreed to that contract - if you dont comply you might be disqalified or the might sue you . 
  they could do that if they wanted ... nobody would agree to that contract though ... 
  this is not government lol ... you agreed to their contract ... 
  isnt cache one of the titan strongest maps ? 
  damn ... they are rekking nv on the unfavored side anyway !!!, 
  holy shit ... titan rekt envy with a iorek playing instead of apex ... . envy got 1 round on ct side ... :d titan hype :d, 
  yup gg 10:5 for envy after switch ... and the managed to get only 1 round on ct ... 
  i am very happy ... 
  titan rekt envy with ddos and without one of their players ... now thats unbelievable :-) maniac and rpk stepped up :-), 
  godavari will be on fm2 + most likely . 
  ok so if i have a multimonitor setup - the second i pull the video from one screen to another the hardware decoding will stop and everything will be done in software ? 
  no need for that gpu ... the one integrated in the apu is about the same . . :-), 
  more than good enough - it will do even for some older games :-), 
  i would also opt out to get 1x4gb stick of ram instead of 2x2gb - its cheaper and you have place for expansion later on . 
  - and since am1 platform doesnt support dualchannel memory anyway there is no performance benfit of 2x2gb :-), 
  and since the the whole platform will have like 50w-70w maximum power draw you can get cheaper less powerful psu ( 430w is overkill :-) ), 
  as long as they have 80 + bronze ( or better ) rating you should be ok . 
  i ussualy buy seasonic but there are many good options . 
  depends on the psu but the 80 + specification deals with efficiency when under 20 % 50 % and 100 % load . 
  since your psu will be running on less then 10 % most of the time it might be less efficient . 
  but its only few wats so it likely doesnt matter :-), 
  you could aswell get a miniitx and very small case with built in 100w power supply ... or better yet if you already have spare laptop charger there is even am1 motherboard with a jack for standard dc laptop charger instead of psu :-) ( the mobo is more expensive though but that way youll be able to build tiny system ), 
  if you werent a fanboy you would very well know just from looking at those heatsinks which one is clearly better ... if yo managed to put am3 / am3 + top end stock cooler ( the one that came with phenom ii x4 965 + and fx8350 ) you 'll be seing a lot lower temps ... those coolers are made by coolermaster actually . 
  lol read what he wants ... 
  r7 250 supports 4k so it should be alright aslong as you have the outputs on it, 
  so something like sapphire r7 250 1gb gddr5 eyefinity edition, 
  if you judge stock cooler by its ability to cool than the amd ones are obviously better ... 
  if you hovewer judge it by how well can they cool the chips with which they ship that might be another matter entirely . 
  everyone knows how much amd chips heat up - but its not a problem with the cooler - those coolers are multiple heatpipe small fin designs which are pretty damn good . 
  i might try getting my hands on both stock coolers and do some test on the same cpu just for the fun . 
  tldr : the coolers are good its just that the cpus produce lot of heat . 
  not to mention this whole thread is a obvious troll as those jaguar socs can be cooled passively easily and their small stock cooler doesnt genereate almost any noise :-), 
  btw isnt the thermal paste already preaplied on that cooler anyway ? 
  hard to say since nolan is supposed to be very low wattege soc, 
  why do you need more than 150fps ? 
  well cs : go is very cpu heavy game and what you described looks like clear cpu bottleneck . 
  but i wouldnt worry about it 150fps is more than enough :-), 
  not if you have higher refresh rate screen :-), 
   either wait until new generation of gpu 's is released ( i mean the  dx12 support ) , buy nothing , because still gf560 rocks , and  change wo n't be worth it . 
  this . 
  r3xx series is around the corner which if nothing else will push the prices for existing cards lower . 
  if the screen is sufficiently small i dont mind it actually imho 1366x768 aint to bad on 12 '' -13 '' display . 
  the trouble with 1920x1080 is that lower end slim small laptop dont have enough power to push games @ 1080p so if you have 1366x768 you 'll be able to run them nicely @ native res without any interpolation . 
  i bet most people will agree that 24 '' 1080p display has pixel density that is okay and looks pretty damn good when siting at a normal distance from it . 
  well guess what it does have ppi of only 91,79 where as your 13 '' 1366x768 screen has considerably higher ppi of 120,55 yes you are sitting a little closer to it but it is still imho okay . 
  also more pixels require more power to push - less battery time.and obviously higher pixel screens are more expensive . 
  so i do n't see a problem with a small 1366 * 768 screen on a budget laptop . 
  ( on the other hand 15 '' 1366x768 no thank you ), 
   games are a moot point when they can be downscaled to a lower  resolution and can have effects toned down . 
  yes but if you display it at non native resolution you have to deal with interpolation which will look ugly ( unless ofcourse the ppi is so big it doesn matter - like some 4k screen - or you are displaying it on 4times as small resolution so 4pixels can act as one big pixel = no interpolation ), 
  now likely not - in the foreseeable future it propably will :-), 
  1.6 better than this :d, 
  good point but not everybody upgrades often :-) and keep in mind fps in this case doesnt tell the whole picture - stuttering is real problem when using more than 3.5 gb, 
  yes i want to know answer for this too !, 
  well you are not giving them a new card - so its used for used not a bad deal imo, 
  if you think of all the hassle you have with finding buyer shipping it and so on , i dont think that it is a bad deal you get new card + 50 bucks and they pay shipping both ways . 
  and you hae 2year warranty anyway, 
  rip 2year old :d :d, 
  exactly what i am saying the whole time ... . have karma my friend . 
  you can get private point to point connections if you want ... 
  agreed, 
  its a great deal for what it is - the build is balanced so there is not really any single part you can add to make it a lot better . 
  if you dont get desired results i would look into good aftermarket cooler and overclock the cpu - but its gon na be little bit harder than your standard overclocking since it has locked multi . 
  if you are `` silence freak '' then yes if not then not really you can always add one later, 
  yep just look at the size of the fin array vs evo :-) its considerably bigger = bigger area means better heat dissapation, 
  basically yes , just get some cheap 1333mhz ram, 
  best game that came with windows is and always will be solitaire, 
  press f to solder !, 
  amd or intel ? 
  :d if amd then ouch and rip pinnerinos :d, 
  while cleaning old laptop i forgot to put new thermal pads in ... long story short - fried chipset .
