actually as far as i am aware you cant because raspberry pi uses arm processor and teamspeak doesnt have arm binaries ( you could use mumble though ) . 
  it was n't like i bought that hardware specifically for that - i just happened to came across it as my local isp was getting rid of them for pennies ...  they use mikrotik now . 
  also this has poe ( power over ethernet ) so i dont have to route special power cable to it . 
  it propably could n't be able to handle it ( both cpu wise / traffic wise ) it is meant to be just for couple of friends , 
  the reason why your motherboard doesnt have sli but has crossfire is because nvidia wants money and certification from every board manufacturer that implements it ... cheap assholes . 
  nah its the philosophy of if we make something we need it closed and proprietary and we want milk every last single dime from it ... 
  gsync , cuda ... 
  amd on the other hand usualy releases new stuff as open standard for the whole industry to benefit . 
  the next logical step in pc engineering : blast processing !, 
  no they are not ... some packets do n't take much bandwidth but need to be send very quickly with minimal latency ( i.e. 
  gaming ) and other packets dont need high latency but consume lot of bandwidth ( i.e. 
  video streaming - has buffering ) so it is perfectly ok to let the time sensitive traffic go first . 
  without traffic shaping ( as it is called ) gaming would be almost impossible with today 's infrastructure . 
  good for you . 
  net neutrality is just like communism for the internet - sounds good in theory but in practice is really horrible idea that would make everyone worse off , because isp would not be able to shape traffic . 
  and just like people with zero economic education support communism , people with zero understanding of how isp work and deliver the services support net neutrality . 
  educate yourself people . 
  net neutrality is just like communism for the internet - sounds good in theory but in practice is really horrible idea that would make everyone worse off , because isp would not be able to shape traffic . 
  and just like people with zero economic education support communism , people with zero understanding of how isp work and deliver the services support net neutrality . 
  educate yourself people . 
  genesis has blast processing xbox one does n't !, 
  yes yes and yes !!!, 
  i am hyped as hell for it aswell :-), 
  well there is nothing wrong with brand loyalty aslong as you still do your research first before you buy the game . 
  for instance i am a fan of tripwire studios and telltale games - because i just love the way they do things , but if everybody says their new game sucks i am not gon na buy it ( or atleast i wait until it is cheaper than dirt ) . 
  or i do favor amd parts , because they are the underdog , the rocky balboa of the it world and i love their open philosophy and 90 % of the time they are the best bang for your buck , but if they were on par i would still buy amd but if their product sucked i would not buy it ( i 'd either wait for a bit until upgrading or buy competition ) . 
  tales of monkey island 2 - do it telltale !!, 
  screw walking dead just do monkey island !, 
  `` so turning down settings to get your fps to 100 + means jack when your monitor is at 60 hz refresh . '', 
  well not neccesarily - for instance i can tell the difference between cs1 .6 running @ 60 and @ 100 - because its not just seeing that makes the experience ... its also the controls and they just feel smoother and better on higher framerates . 
  i read rumors that sony and microsoft actually paid for some of the r&d so i dont think he is incorrect as far as the cost goes ... 
  but that does n't have anything to do with the actual apus which while great for its price are simply not powerful enough to push the games ... 
  well i actually have never tried to compare it when playing some newer game might just be that the quake 3 engine is not very well optimized or wahtever but just to be safe i always prefer to play multiplayer games at framerates lot higher than 60 . 
  even if that means turning down the aa ( aa does n't really make that much of a difference if you have high enoug pixel density :-) ), 
  its actually quite simple - what are the most taxed items in uk ? 
  cigarettes and alcohol . 
  what do the poorest spend considerable amount of their income on ? 
  cigarettes and alcohol . 
  so there you have it folks . 
  and with this percentual bs : 43 % of almost nothing is lot less than 35 % of loads of money are you forgetting that they are getting the same fucking shitty services from the government regardless of how much they need to pay ? 
  no tax is voluntary . 
  taxation is theft . 
  government has no bussiness telling you what you can put in your own body ... 
  oh sorry i almost forgot , you are not free citizen in uk ... you are the queen little obedient subject ... or shall i say peasants ? 
  and i sure as heck would n't consider living your whole life without having a beer `` normal healthy lifestyle '' . 
  there is nothing wrong with drinking beer/wine in moderation , neither there is anything wrong with using tobbaco products in moderation - for example pipe smokers usually live longer than nonsmokers ... 
   ome prebuilt to play minecraft , check twitter , do homework , etc. 
  and that 's fine . 
   pretty sure that ps4 is n't better than 30-50 % of pcs that are built , and used for gaming . 
  not really for instance i have one gaming pc and then 2 laptops that are shit for gaming - but i have steam installed on all of them - because of older games , streaming , community and sales . 
  why dont just buy second 7850 ? 
  if you are playing at 1080p you are perfetctly ok, 
  just check your temps during heavy use ( both gpu and cpu intensive ) and if does n't get close to max temps you are ok . 
  but you will be able to get better results by manualy setting the voltage . 
  is 500w enough for that rig ?? 
  even if it is i think you would be pushing it i 'd rather buy a 650w to get some headroom if you wanted to upgrade to 8320 or something like that . 
  also getting 2sticks of ram instead of one is better as they can run in dualchannel granted the price difference is n't too big, 
  what about going 7750 instead of 260x he might get similar performance if he uses dual graphics and pays less ( if he can get 7750 ), 
  wasnt sure how much 270x draws ( i have 7970ghz = 280x and it draws a lot of fricking power :d ), 
  we aint entitled to anything . 
  i am not paying for halfassed product though and if somebody doesnt want my money fuck him . 
  come to think about it i havent played many aaa games in the past years i spend most of my time in games from tripwire ( killing floor , red orcestra ) or cs : go and lol ... and i am perfectly happy with those, 
  jesus what is wrong with these people ... . 
  same here brother ... though i am looking forward to insurgency - i played the mod some and liked it so if its gon na be on sale i might as well pick it up . 
  i played it for a few missions and wondered why is it so fricking laggy and slow . 
  ... well then i started fraps and googled a bit ... oh how dissapointed was i. ... 
  30 fps is not smooth enough for me it just doesnt feel right ... and no i hadnt had any fps dips ... ( phenom ii x4 965 @ 3.8 ghz , amd radeon hd 7970 ghz edition ( = r9 280x ), 
  warning do n't buy red alert 3 it is capped @ 30fps . 
  fricking bs stutterfest . 
  too much overkill cpu for the gpu ... 
  if youd buy amd 8350 or i5 youd ` be perfectly happy . 
  and get atleast radeon 280x for all the 1080p ultra 60 + fps goodness , 
  red orchestra was the first game i bought on steam ... oh those were the days :-) totally worth the 20 $ i payed for it, 
  and 3d realms ... and sierra and westwood ... oh how i miss westwood :(, 
  is n't that kindof overkill for a mom ? 
  if i was building system without gpu i would either go for athlon 5350 if it was only for like browsing and watchning video as it has plenty of power for that and is really cheap with cheap mobos ( its soc ) . 
  ( and 5350 kabinis draw like 20wats so they can be absolutely silent :-) ), 
  or screw it and buy amd apu . 
  8gig of ram is imho overkill too . 
  i 'd buy 4gig and wait when ddr4 comes out and ddr3 prices fall then buy anotherr 4gig, 
  i was thinking about getting it during the sale ... but afther all this watch dog crap and having to install uplay ?!, 
  i was like f-ck you ubisoft ... 
  i am not playing anything from you . 
  if you do n't count the windows licence it can be done . 
  but for just little bit more youll be getting a lot better performance per dollar . 
  well its an octacore though ... so talking about `` single core '' performance is n't really fair, 
  i remember playing the shit out of this game with my friend ... oh those were the days :d, 
  it would be fun to make add some budget amd cpu 's such as athlon x4 760k in to the mix . 
  i have 7970ghz edition ( whhich is basically 280x ) and it is a great card . 
  i would definitely suggest to pick it up . 
  however about the crossfire - that depends on the case and psu you have . 
  if you have big case ( taht could fit a second psu or you already have a beefy psu i would take crossfire as a selling point . 
  otherwise it wouldnt make any sense budgetwise to get a second one ( you 'd be better off just selling old one and getting a new gen gpu ), 
  true audio is another selling point, 
  like what ? 
  audio card and trueaudio ( dsp in gpu ) are two entirely different things . 
  its kindoff like physx - some games support trueaudio and have lot of 3d directional effects ( watch youtube demos its amazing ) , other games have only simple sound effects that do not bother the cpu so much, 
   n be overclocked to match their x counterpart , but i might be horribly incorrect . 
  x editiion have mode cores and stuff its not just factory overclocked standard cards  so you can overclock the x parts even more, 
  well its not really amd 's fault they just delivered what sony and ms wanted .
