  well it depends on your windows licence . 
  the system should boot from your old hdd just fine but it might ask you for activation and you might be asked to call microsoft support line . 
  but i would still recommend a clean install . 
  do n't stop !, 
  i would just add that if you are on low budget the athlon x4 860k is a really good cpu ( better than getting fx4350 ) for the money . 
  to be honest . 
  its not in the interest of nvidia to push amd under . 
  reasons :, 
  its likely not really profitable to go all out to push them out of the remaining 25 % of market . 
  especially of shrinking pc market . 
  they would have their hands full with antitrust problems . 
  did i say the x86 gpu market is shrinking ? 
  thats why nvidia is investing in cars , tegra and whatever - they are trying to have positions in markets where there are expectations for growth . 
  its very similar with intel - if amd went under and intel tried rising prices there would windows for arm really really soon . 
  not to mention again all the antitrust problems they would have to go through . 
  btw mudabali ( gf ) now owns 1/3 of amd ( they recently bough lot of stocks through sister company ) so who knows maybe takeover is coming soon . 
  btw its not like if amd fails all the technology would die it would just change hands and i am 100 % sure nvidia and intel woul n't be allowed to buy it . 
  well there is the problem of the x86 licence . 
  if they want to keep it they would propably have to takeover amd and keep the company itself alive . 
  you 're welcome . 
  good luck trying it . 
  btw : also be ready to fiddle with it atleast that was the my case . 
  my board officially only supports bulldozer ( and in beta lel ) ( no 8350 ) . 
  the cpu gets recognized ok but at default settings it gets overvolted a lot . 
  so i basically had to manually set all the voltages and clocks to make it stable - and max overclock i have attained was 4300mhz ( really low considering its 4ghz base and 4.2 turbo :-( ) anything higher than that would throttle . 
  ( temps werent the issue ) . 
  since the board only supports fx up to 95w ( strange since it boasts 140w cpu ) i would propably get 8320e just to be safe . 
  also if you use tower cooler pointing a fan at vrms is n't a bad idea . 
  have you tried unlocking the chip ? 
  depending from which die ( deneb/thuban ) is your cpu salvaged you might be able to unlock extra cache or 2 more cores . 
  might help you to not need to upgrade :-) btw : overclocking the athlon ( fsb ) could help you a bit too . 
  man now i got ta go and put some cold water on that burn lol :d, 
  i will propably be downvoted :, 
  if the main use is gaming i 'd say it comes to if you enjoy playing the cpu singlethread heavy titles ( like arma3 ) . 
  if yes i would go to intel . 
  otherwise i 'd go amd you save some money and i feel that in the future the fx will age slower than the i5 - it has more potential multithreaded performance . 
  and we can already see it in some games where it matches and beats i5 at much lower price ( dragon age inquisition scales really good with cores ) . 
  i feel that with dx12 with multithreaded rendering on the horizon it is a better deal . 
  i actually meant the one for fm2 + :d, 
  lol of course this would work :-) just look what is converting into what, 
  jesus i am stupid i meant to write would n't ... 
  even if the power worked . . 
  lpt -  com -  ps2 -  usb ,, 
  its really simply those ps2 to usb converters only work for certain models of mice . 
  they da real mvp :-), 
  the new dragon age actually performs better on fx8350 then on i5 ( and it scales amazingly to intel 6core cpus ), 
  honestly if you arent gon na be gaming all you need is something like a8-7650k - the cpu is good enough for everything and the added strong gpu will accelerate bunch of workloads with opencl ( adobe products , spreadsheets and more ) . 
  no need to spend more . 
  http://semiaccurate.com/ has nice section in the forum ( media watchdog thread ) ... 
  i had to laugh like shit at comparing the 290x throttling vs titan x throttling ... 
  in 290x case they even put their hand on the cooler just to make it throttle and then posted the graphs ( which got circulated around without any mention of how they 've gotten them on other sites ) in titanx case nobody mentioned it . 
  well there is no question about that . 
  but honestly i do n't think its needed . 
  the apu is plenty strong for everything he 's gon na be doing . 
  actually 802.11 ac is strictly 5ghz, 
  v0lv0 pls why nerf negeverino ?!, 
  i actually would n't be against it , i used to have lot of fun messing with them . 
  ( propably not in mm or tournaments though :d ), 
  actually hit reg is really broken in some cases ( such as when planting or jumping ), 
  it is because i trust tripwire . 
  i have bough red orchestra 1 , kf1 , red orchestra2 and i have never been disapointed they add lots of quality content and i want to support them . 
  `` good for you ! '', 
  exactly ... . also some of the rumors showing godavari alleged clocks didnt make any sense ( with some skus with lower clock replacing ones with higher clocks ... ) . 
  if they are really releasiong this then i think that godavari is not just a clock bump but there are some architectureal tweaks ( like trinity =  richland ), 
  literally unplayble . 
  semiaccurate.com ... though they are n't free but they have great forum which you can browse for free . 
  i was actually thinking about this all the time ... like why the hell would anybody use these really highly contrasting visible skins ( like asimov ) . 
  pay to win only 0.04 c confirmed !, 
  multicore cpus in general . 
  what is this pc socialist club now ? 
  lol . 
  nobody is forcing you to purchase mods if you dont like it do n't buy it . 
  i for one like the prospects of better made mods and people making a living off them and the ease of installment through steam . 
  not all 28nm is the same :-), 
  hehe everything always happens by itself :-) :d thats the first rule of blame, 
  you are acting like there isnt alternative software, 
  this thousand times ... is reddit populated by bunch of socialist freeloaders wanting shit for free or what ? 
  old yes but not the same old ... according to rumors its gon na be made at glofo as opposed to tsmc and glofo process is supposed to be better . 
  @ quality control doesnt steam have a rating system with reviews for games ? 
  isnt it implemented here aswell ? 
  well i really wouldnt worry about that ... mod makers will figure out a way :-), 
  situation before valve offering paid mods :, 
  - modders can do whatever they want to get people to pay them . 
  situation now :, 
  - modders can do whatever they want to get people to pay them ... or use the easy way through valve workshop where they get 25 % . 
  so can you please explain me how is it now worse then before lol ? 
  keep in mind that the reason why they only get 25 % is likely to get developers on board ... because before that you were ussually prohibited to sell mods at all . 
  well before that ussualy it was the case that eula prohibited selling mods at all . 
  so i guess majority of the money goes to developers so they can shut up and leave us be so we can sell mods . 
  before this valve bethesda deal :, 
  - modders are prohibited by eula to sell mods . 
  after :, 
  - ok we allow you to sell mods but we take a big chunk of your earnings . 
  eli5 pls why the hell is it now worse then before ? 
  are you guys a fucking copyright lawyers that used to sue modders and now are out of work or what lol ? 
  news flash . 
  this is n't fucking popularity contest . 
  before you were ` nt allowed to sell mods by eula and if you did you would get your ass sued . 
  now you can sell your mods - granted you pay a big `` tax '' to bethesda and valve . 
  and you guys call it somehow bad .
