  soooo volvo pls !!, 
  isnt it more likely that its tweaked tonga ? 
  well i guesas tonga is tweaked hawai :d, 
  valve surely tracks those stats already so just make simple function that calculates the ratio the hard part would be to tweak it to precise numbers so normal people wont be put into toxic camp . 
  toxic behavior ? 
  for instance voice and chat swearing and being overall angry player who always calls other noobs even when he is ussualy the most sucky one . 
  talking when dead ( and i dont mean callouts ) . 
  rushing every round and never working with a team . 
  stealing weapons ( i.e. 
  taking weapon that is dropped for teammate even when he has more than enough to buy his own ) ... 
  blocking so you die ... and he can take your weapon ( f.e. 
  when you are trying to awp dust2 mid ) . 
  flashing teammates . 
  telling enemy team your position . 
  and so on and so on . 
  those people are in my opinion worse then cheaters . 
  and totally break the game . 
  i have owned exactly one console in my life - nintendo wii and that isnt really known for people being toxic :-d, 
  there are plenty of example of toxic behavior in pc games ... such as the typical lol - `` mid or feed '', 
  thats why i said limit reports . 
  ( for instance one report per day for toxicity and reports from people who have bad toxic rating will not count nearly as much ), 
  thats just stupid - what would stop me from reporting him ? 
  nothing and somebody like that would be reported so many times that his rating would drop and as i said in the original post - reports from toxic players wouldnt count nearly as much . 
  and for christ sakes i am not saying that once you get reported once you need to play ten games without it ... 
  this was meant mostly for players who are being toxic constantly . 
  ( fine tuning it would be hard ), 
  well i do n't really care if those assholes want to stay and play like jerks as long as i dont have to play with them . 
  that would have to be tweaked but the simplest solution on what i would build it would be like . 
   int gamesplayed ;, 
   int toxicgames ;, 
   double ratio ;, 
   double temp = 0.2 * reports +0.2 * waskicked +0.1 * teamkills +1 * wasbanned ;, 
   if ( temp  0.5 ) toxicgames + + ;, 
   ratio = toxicgames/gamesplayed ;, 
  i think toxic people should grow up . 
  it would have to be tweaked so if for instance only if multiple people will report ( + you do couple teamkills / teamdamage - whatever some non disclosed formula ) you it would count like a toxic game, 
  well i try to always be friendly and propably do n't get almost never reported so even if i would get few false positives ( few games that the system counted that you were toxic ) it wouldnt really matter . 
  and as i said before the chances are that people that would do that wouldnt be doing that for long / would get reported themselves due to other kinds of toxic behavior and sooner or lated end there . 
  i would say thats a good thing . 
  yeah that is one of the problems i thought of . 
  i suppose that maybe toxic players couldnt report at all and their rating would be caused only by leaving/teamkilling/teamdamaging and stuff like that . 
  its by no means perfect solution and it would have to be tweaked a lot . 
  well thats even better idea imho . 
  problem is that demos dont contain voice chat ... 
  well i 've never heard of somebody who got any repurcussions for being reported for offensive behavior ... the hell voice chat isnt even part of the demo . 
  and one player like that is enough lose the game and destroy any enjoynment of it in the procces . 
  there is no voice chat in overwatch . 
  i want to have a fun game against players of similar skill level - that is what matchmaking is all about . 
  the cs : go community is growing quickly so it would ofset that . 
  its not really about punishment prevention its just so we do n't have to play with these people ( same as with prisons ), 
  toxic stays toxic :d, 
  well there isnt voice chat in lol and in default settings you dont see / all chat , , , , :d, 
  well my idea was that simply by playing games without being toxic would improve your ratio ( by definition mathematically ) - the problem though with that would be as few people pointed out that it would be really hard to not get branded toxic when playing in toxic quee ( part of the reason being other players abusing system and reporting for no reason and the other part is that you are more likely to rage and be toxic when other people around you do that ) . 
  so maybe be it that they will have to play few games in toxic quee and then they get a normal game where if they act toxic will immedietly go back . 
  ( = = the games in toxic quee wouldnt count in the ratio ) . 
  that would be start . 
  but for overwatch to be really good it would be nice to add some popups ( i.e. 
  `` thanks for improving our community player you reported recently was banned for x amount ), 
  why would you not want to play with people better than you ? 
  is that some sort of personality problem ? 
  like almost every fricking esport team is based on the idea that you have star player who gets all the frags and the other guys are there to support him so he can do his job ... :-), 
  how the hell do you get deranked from mge to silver 2 ? 
  :d :d is that even possible ? 
  you improve community by removing and punishing the bad apples . 
  well then you are the mvp !, 
  well maybe if your m8 will be punished he will learn and try to act nicer next time ... :-), 
  lie, 
  so you want you to tell me that negatively affecting the whole team communication should go unpunished ? 
  you are seriously posting gpuboss/cpuboss on / r/pcgaming ? 
  well if you are muting someone its because you are fed up with them and that ussually happens if they negatively affected you - i.e. 
  talk bs when you are clutching , trashtalking the whole team and so on . 
  not to mention the team is likely to lose without one player doing its job and communcating properly and other players being angry . 
  so yes it negatively affects the whole team - so the person should be punished - it doesnt matter if it only affected them for a third of the game before muting him ... 
  i do n't care about rank i just want to enjoy playing the game . 
  people who care about the rank too much are ussualy the toxic ones :-), 
  exactly . 
  fnatic t side in a nutshell :, 
  fnatic used eco rush ... its not very effective . 
  apex used ace ... its very effectice :d :d :d, 
  hehe well then screw you rockstar i 'd be glad to buy your game in like 4 years when it dirt cheap on steam . 
  not gon na support your console first attitude , endless delays and gameworks on top of that . 
  well there is a difference if you buy their game @ 60 $ and at like 5-10 $ ... 
  well what the hell else can i do :-) they still make a damn good games afterall . 
  do you have personal experience with it ? 
  i run 890gtd am3 board with fx8350 and it works well even slightly overclocked . 
  granted that is a bit `` newer '' but it still doesnt have native usb3 ( it does have native sata3 though ) . 
  he is talking about the propriuetary connectors that connect to the modular psu, 
  i 'd keep the case potentialy psu and rebuild the rest :-) you propavly already own windows 7 licence so you can keep that aswell . 
  you will get much better bang for your buck as opposed to prebuilt . 
  well you hardly need more than 17 seconds - to destroy socialism . 
  downvoted for gtx960 ... its simply crap card in its pricebracket ... 
  way to show how toxic the community is . 
  well maybe posting this instead of your angry toxic response in the first place would be better . 
  honestly i would n't buy a new mobo just to overclock ... that kinda defeats the whole purpose of it :-), 
  what i would is to buy some chipset heatsinks on ebay that will fit for few $ and put them on the vrms + maybe point a fan in their direction ( not sure if your case has enough airflow ), 
  and for 9000 series you would need whole new mobo ( they are 220w ) - they are basically just factory overclocked 8350s . 
  i wouldnt bother . 
  put some heatsinks on the vrm and slightly overclock your cpu and you should be alright . 
  i would propably opt for something bigger . 
  the more surface area the better the result obviously .
