   the question was whether or not crony capitalism can happen in an unregulated market . 
  it can . 
  it has . 
  done . 
  ok i guess it can then , my point was that it is a lot harder . 
  less cronyism is good right ? 
   post office ... 
  post office has legal monopoly on delivering non-overnight letters ( fedex does packages ) . 
  i was n't playing with definitions . 
   it would be like hating on a company who currently has a market stranglehold and charges whatever they want , while limiting how much data you can download . 
  like comcast . 
  oh wait , people do hate them . 
  i wonder why ? 
  ok , but standard oil or carnegies steel clearly have n't done anything like this - remember they lowered the prices ( kerosene from 58c in 1870 to 9c in 1880 ) . 
  they had massive marketshare yet they did n't abuse it ( so huge that you call them monopoly ) . 
  does n't that show that its really the customers that are in control ? 
  icq had huge marketshare but kinda died over few years . 
  marketshare do n't mean shit in the long run if product you are selling now is inferior . 
   ie is now dead . 
  i was talking about ie not being developed anymore . 
  and the graphs you are showing are only showing pcs . 
  phone/tablet revolution happened and there is no ie on android/ios . 
  so the real marketshare is lower . 
   [ citation needed ], 
  if that were the other way around ( i.e. 
  you went from team green to team red ) i bet there would be a thousand people yelling `` thanks , amd '' `` amd shit drivers lol '' . 
  anyway i would first try booting up into some live linux distro to confirm that it is indeed only a driver/software issue and that the hardware is fine . 
  if that is the case then i would proceed to reinstall the drivers / even os if drivers dont help . 
  please eli5 how do i choose which dxracer chair should i buy - too many options :d, 
  spot on m8 ... 
  i am talking about laptop :-), 
  i guess there is no point in arguing with you . 
  thanks for the debate and lets agree to disagree . 
  the fps fov is terrible . 
  since poe is a thing a we are running 24v + through cat5 every day to power mikrotik/ubiquity devices it should n't be any problem . 
  if you google poe you might see the actualy specs and stuff :-), 
  in a world where optical media is dead ... 
  i managed to short my only  4gb flash drive which i used for installing windows 8.1 ... and all the stores have been already closed ... 
  so i 've went to my parts bin for a rescue ... finally managed to repair that old usb ide hdd case ( the port was broken off so after some soldering it works ) . 
  also found a 40gb ide hdd . 
  after some fiddling in commandline i managed to write bootsect and copied the files on it and boom it now works . 
  and its even pretty fast ( faster than my flashdrive :d ) . 
  hooray for mcgiver modding :d, 
  if the guy has something interesting to say let him speak . 
  i do n't think we should downvote someone automatically just because he is n't ancap or agrees with us 100 % . 
  i enjoyed reading that article about sjw . 
  i upvoted the article . 
  i do n't really give two craps if the guy who posted it hates kittens . 
  if he post racist shit then by all means i will downvote that . 
  sorry but there is no such thing as a person comming to anarcho-capitalism subredit and converting lol . 
  converting to ancap takes a long time and lot of phylosofical thinking - you have to unlearn all the shit that has been slammed down your throat since very young age and i do n't really think `` there is a bigoted guy on internet '' is gon na stop people ... 
  what gore ? 
  :d its perfectly fine :-), 
  ( i didnt have usb b-type connector so instead i soldered terminals instead and then just made a cable out of usb a connector a few dupont cables ... and ofcourse gluegunned it to hold everything secure :d ) . 
  http://imgur.com/eg99lca,hcv3i3g#0 - so you can see it clearly :-), 
  oh well mc giver sure sounds like a nice guy aswell :d :d :d, 
  yes i already ordered a new flashdrive ( 8gb usb3 ) but i needed to install windows on a machine and could n't wait till monday . 
  thank you for saying this . 
  mises institute ? 
  imo 8.1 is in every way better than win7 - it uses less resources and looks nice . 
  you can add start menu back if you desire easily ( google classicshell ), 
  maaan pass the weed :d bro :d, 
  but thats racist :d / s, 
  now he should sue them for cutting the connection in the first place . 
  there is a thing called interference . 
  and it will affect you unless you live in the woods . 
  the 2.4 ghz spectrum is too small and it is not only used by 802.11 by but bunch of other stuff - most of baby monitors , wireless gadgets and also bluetooth . 
  these things will cause spikes and packetloss . 
  well of course as a fellow isp senior technician we got so many calls caused by ignorance and user error ( technicians going to client house because he doesnt have the fucking router plugged in his electrical socket ... and so on ) . 
  and wifi is a big source of this . 
  there is no sense of wasting a precious time of network engineer in tracing up a network when the problem is client-sided . 
  one thing that seems strange to me about these rumors is the 375 / 370 thing ... why would they have a 2 very similar gpus ? 
  imho they will just launch tonga as 370x/370 and instead have a new gpu in the 360 slot ( and move the 260 to 250 ) that way they have entire lineup supporting new features with the least amount of r&d, 
  23wifi channels - well then you are in the 5ghz spectrum which is wider . 
  good for you ( there are tradeoffs though - 5ghz has more trouble going through obstacles - the higher the freq the more you need los ) . 
  also keep in mind that while 2.4 ghz has 11 channels ( in us ) they do overlap so you basically can only have wifi on 1 6 and 11 without interfering . 
  eu has 13 channels and japan 14 so they are slightly better off . 
  and then ofcourse there technologies which use more channels at once 40mhz channels are very common ... and 802.11 ac can have up to 160mhz ... so even the big 5ghz ( 5ghz channels dont overlap - there are bigger spaces between them ) spectrum will be full very soon :-(, 
  wifi is great technology but if you have stationary pc than you are beter off routing a cat5/6 to it . 
  well they would simply either adapt or lose =  went to lower bracket . 
  oh sorry i misunderstood you ( did you edit that post , cause either that or i am stupid and did n't read it properly :d ), 
  i wasnt saying wifi is unsatisfactory and people shouldnt use it . 
  the point was that it has some issues and if you ca n't set it up properly ( which obviously is n't your case :-) ) then you are gon na have problems . 
  its not the be all end all some people would want you to believe :-) if it works for you great . 
  ok lets not even discuss the obvious `` ends do n't justify the means '' ( means = stealing and coercion ) argument . 
  and straight out go into utilitarian arguments . 
  - health care, 
  i live in post-communist state with government healthcare . 
  and let me tell you there are constant struggless where doctors and nurses strike for higher wages , there are not enough of them , they leave the country to go work elsewhere ... all that creates this terrible system of long wait times . 
  certain medicines not being avaliable at all and most important of all it stiffles development of new medicines - because the government has to decide if it buys your new vaccine ( which might have less side effects work for more people and so on but is more expensive ) or just buy the same cheap stuff they 've been using before . 
  its the simple argument that if there are n't market prices the usage goes up ( people go to doctors office more then they would otherwise need ) so the only way for government to keep costs down is to ration what they provide , and cut cost on workers/medicine . 
  it 's a messy system that no participant enjoys :-(, 
  - student aid, 
  there is an argument that all this aid and government guaranted loans simply raise the prices because now students are willing to pay more for the services and government controlls who enters the bussiness so there is less competition ( acreditation and so on ) . 
  and if we are talking free education entirely than that results in people now instead of going to work/learn a skill simply enroll in some bullshit program for a year or two only so they can stay at home/get tax advantage instead of working - and gain zero useful skills and waste time ( i personally know a lot of people who done exactly this . ), 
  it results in huge youth unemployment and people with diplomas working in mcdonalds ... 
  - unions, 
  i have no problem with unions unless they use violence to get what they need . 
  - welfare, 
  simple economics 101 - if you subsidize people not working you get more people not working .
