  if people were actually smart enough to realize how much taxes they are forced to pay - i.e. 
  one flat rate instead of all this little bit of here , little bit of there and bs like - oh that is coporation tax - corpoirations pay it you know not people ... not consumers ... not workers ... not shareholders ... they would rebel . 
  actually not really . 
  you `` only '' have to pay if you own a television / radio . 
  and as far as i know they have zero power to check if you actually own one . 
  bulldozer has half the ipc of intel core ... 
  if bulddozer had 70-80 % of intel ipc it would be massive succes . 
  what applications ? 
  what is scary is that since intel , amd , and nvidia all have hq in california a law like this will propably have effect on the global pc market - not just ca . 
  we are not talking power-efficiency ... we are talking straight on power reduction . 
  and that might very well mean that there will be no more highend 300w gpus . 
  this is not about powerefficiency which is skyrocketing . 
  this is about power reduction . 
  1080 is a replacement for the 980 . 
  1080ti is a replacement for 980ti . 
  those cards are supposed to be massively more efficient at the same power envelope . 
  if you suddenly say we can only use half the power then that will mean that suddenly a 1060 will become your next titan . 
  gpus are not like cpus where there are limits at what you can do to make a core stronger and multithreading has serious limits . 
  you can litterally achieve double the gpu power by simply making the card twice as big and letting it consume twice the power . 
  it scales . 
  the gpu already exists ... its in the titanxp card . 
  there is no question about if it will come out . 
  only when . 
  and the answer is likely around the time that amd finally responds with vega . 
  titan xp pulls up to 250w depending on the application . 
  it is very likely that we will see overclocked 3rd party 1080ti based on the gpu that will pull close to 300w . 
  titan xp pulls up to 250w depending on the application . 
  it is very likely that we will see overclocked 3rd party 1080ti based on the gpu that will pull close to 300w . 
   `` obviously the worst they can do is keep performance the same while cutting power draw . '', 
  isnt this the thing we 've been complaining about for the last x years in the cpu market ? 
  some people would argue that cars are being actively ruined by those regulations . 
  i am not a car nut myself ... but even i can see that the industry is moving to lighter and lighter cars with smaller and smaller engines with hugely complex turbochargers . 
  and there is something about driving a car with big engine without turbocharger . 
  not neccessarilly ... am2 / am 2 + / am3 / am3 + ( granted those 4 were similar ) / fm1 / fm2 / fm2 + all had different pga pin layout, 
  you should propably try games like cs 1,6 , quake live , hl2 and older titles like that . 
  also you can go ahead and try some overclocking tests :-), 
  i have rx 480 with 8350 ( currently oc to 4,6 ghz ) and i can get pretty damn good experience in most games - however in some games ( particularly older ones ) i am still hugely bottlenecked ( with my gpu working only at like 50 % ) . 
  i am also running 1440p which should lessen that . 
  on the other hand in modern games like doom ( bf ) i get zero bottlenecking :-), 
  i 'd say for 80 $ its a good deal and you propably wont lose much at all when resseling it later . 
  yes but the pins are much smaller . 
  all in all the size of the cpu package is the same ( 40mmx40mm ) . 
  you can go the other way - setup the disconnecting on ap side . 
  it is pretty easy to do on some routers ( mainly mikrotik ), 
  it depends on which ones . 
  `` at a time when we face a real and ever-present terrorist threat , the security forces may require access to personal information none of us would normally hand over , '' he said . '', 
  yeah well maybe if your country was n't full of so called `` soft-targets '' = = defenseless sheeple waiting for slaughter , then you would n't `` need '' big brother society . 
  `` why not simply make your own country great again instead of abandoning it ? '', 
  well , i think we can all agree that this is all but simple ... :-) of course doing that is the priority and we are all trying to do that . 
  exit strategy is meant to be a last resort way to gtfo . 
  i am czech . 
  it depends what you mean by corruption . 
  transparency international ranks cr at 25th place in european developed countries ( which is really bad score ) . 
  however i would argue that that does n't mean anything as they are ranking only by public perception ( i.e. 
  they ask people on the street , about how effective they think the government is ) . 
  czechs and lot of countries that have experienced fullblown socialism have very little trust in the effectivity of government . 
  there is an old saying from those times - `` who does n't steal , steals from his family '' ( which is the prime example of tragedy of commons ), 
  however i would n't say that there is more government corruption than in other countries . 
  sure there were few court cases and stuff ... but this happens everywhere . 
  all in all the life here is pretty damn good . 
  aic is highest from post-communist countries and similar to countries like portugal and spain . 
  as for economic freedom here - it 's ranked currently at number 21 ( france is # 75 , germany # 17 ) - certainly could be better but its relatively okay ( talking about heritage institute index ) . 
  czech republic is also currently ranked by the global peace index as the 6th safest country in the world . 
  best part is pretty high personal freedom ( cato ranks cr in that category at # 17 globally with us being # 28 ) . 
  and there are basically no sjw and the cultural marxism bs that is spreading in the west like wildfire . 
  basically even the left in this country is laughing at those idiots . 
  and as for gun-control as far as i know we have propably the best, 
  laws in europe ( if you have no criminal record , are healthy and can pass an exam in which you show knowledge of the law and safe handling of a firearm , you can own and carry concealed pretty much everything except full autos and silencers , including sbrs and such ) . 
  and on private property ( like malls and such - with owners permission ofcourse ) you can carry openly everything . 
  now the bad part - libertarianism is not doing so well here ... the major libertarian party only has like 3 % support and few regional politicians + european mep . 
  not sure how effective that can be as per international law the eu treaties trump even the constitution . 
  i think the main purpose is to send a message , because for eu commision and those buerocrats carrying for selfdefense is unheard of ... shit lot of eu citizens ca n't even carry pepper sprays . 
  maybe they can use it as some sort of a loophole - as the eu regulation does n't apply to military and such ( they can claim that every citizen is part of the reserve and has a role in national defense or something like that . ), 
  pretty bad translation there - the actual text means that recently the gunlaws were ammended and this part about disarming was removed - as it has no place in democratic society . 
  ( and yes czechs have this bullshit relation with the word `` democracy '' - some see it as the same thing as freedom ... ), 
  god damn ... and i wanted finnally to buy same recently ... 
  yes i understand that but watching the historical value - it doesnt look like a good time to buy :-(, 
  i am not looking for investment . i am looking to buy significant amount to hold as a hedge . 
  but i do n't suddenly want to lose money 3months down the road if prices fall a lot . 
  but yeah you are correct - last year i was thinking the same fucking thing as today ... and year before that i was like hmmm this sounds interesting maybe i should get on this :d, 
  curent law is that drugs are illegal but if you are caught with a small amount ( for instance less than 10g of weed ) for private use it is not criminal offence but simply a misdemeanor ( you pay a fine ) . 
  two of lesser political parties on the verge of getting into parliament support full legalizuation . 
  as for the general public i 've seen public opinion poll sayint that basically third of population are hard against marihuana , other third wants decriminalizations and quarter wants legalization and taxation . 
  i am not sure if the results can be trusted , that is pretty hard to judge . 
  obviously the young people are lot more liberal on this subject . 
  i did just that ... and to my own amazement the response was mostly positive with 77 % of people upvoting it . 
  as for the comments they were mostly positive as well . 
  it reached to the second page so it got pretty good exposure too . 
  so maybe other europeans are not so dimm afterall :-), 
  `` tv '' * wink * * wink *, 
  damn this thing is so tempting ... but `` must wait for zen '' :d, 
  apparently the same guy managed to leak early athlon 64 benchmarks back in the day . 
  so he propably has some friends in the industry ( likely mobo-oem as they need es for testing . ), 
  4790 performs basically the same as 6700 due to being clocked a bit higher ( 3,6 vs 3,4 ghz ) ... 
  i would n't call that outdated . 
  and as far as i know there were no real mainstream broadwell chips released for desktop pcs ... 
  which is true however there are some additional rma costs pushed on the motherboard makers . 
  ( you ca n't really break a pga socket ... ) . 
  which means overall it is propably still more expensive for the end customer . 
  am4 is 1334 pins .
