  amd said they are targeting back to school season = late summer . 
  amd will be releasing polaris for back to school season = late summer . 
  and that will be consumer cards - atleast they said as much . 
  on the other hand nvidia will propably release professional card / titan first and then the rest later . 
  by latest titles i mean late 2015 and 2016 - the newest games if you check them you can clearly see a trend . 
  agreed, 
  should have asked for 3.50 $ :-) :-) atleast that would have been a funny reference . 
  if you think the rate is wrong then why the fuck do n't you sell below that rate and rake in even more cash . 
  lol stupid socialist central bankers :-), 
  of course the rate is propably correct . 
  and as we all know truth hurts socialism the most :-), 
  yeah i noticed that aswell ... : x i guess if you turn details to medium you should be fine though . 
  it doesn matter . 
  they can just make a new email account with the same name ... 
  really ? 
  i though it was more in line with r7 240 gddr5, 
  it definitely is not . 
  i 'd suggest you look at xeon v3 e3-1231 . 
  its basically very similar performance for considerably cheaper ( only without igpu . ), 
  ( watch out its haswell so you need 1150 mobo ), 
  the difference is around 20-25 % multithreaded performance . 
   i remember playing vietcong back in the day and the graphics were pretty damn good :-) so i do n't think it was the reason - its was propably just because nazis are the universal bad guys so you can kill how many you want without causing any controversy . 
   well mp40 and ppsh are straight blowback operation vs m16 being a gas-operated weapon . 
  they both try to harness the power of the cartridge to cycle another round . 
  blowback is simpler , cheaper and less prone to failures but the disadvantage is that there has to be bigger bolt ( chunk of metal ) that is traveling back - meaning more felt recoil ( atleast if we are talking the same caliber ) . 
  i am not sure about 5,56 vs 9mm as i 've never fired 5,56 but i can tell you i fired similarly sized pistols one 9mm m straight blowback and the other a 9mm luger glock . 
  and the glock had much less felt recoil even though 9mm luger is more powerful round . 
  well us soldiers in vietnam were drafties aswell . 
  although you could argue they had better training . 
  i am still using my m4a890gtd pro usb3 from asus which i got in like 2011 and it is still going very strong now hosting my fx8350 with slight overclock . 
  you are forced to ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  who is holding the gun to your head ? 
  tell us please . 
  corporate keys are perfectly legal to resell in eu . 
  eu court ruled on that . 
  ms lost . 
  it depends on what you define core as . 
  in the original historical deifinition they are true cores . 
  one module contains two separate integer cores and one floating point unit . 
  floating point unit is historically a coprocessor and not part of a core . 
  however basically every modern cpu had one so when we are talking about cpu cores now we ussually include the fpu and think of it as a part of the core . 
  tldr : for integer workload they act as an 8 core , however if your workload includes floating point operations then its basically a quad core . 
  thats why in some use-cases the old visheras excel even today while in others they are not quite as good . 
  simple explanations are not always correct :-), 
  net neutrality ... 
  please tell how many of you know how to set up a router , how many of you know how iptables work , what is nat , what is forwarding , how many of you ever fused a fibre . 
  how many of you ever worked in the isp bussiness ? 
  yet all of you feel qualified enough , all of you feel that you know better than the people that actually work in the field . 
  you are nothing else than `` useful idiots '' giving more power to the corrupt government and applauding when they take your rights away . 
  do you think the people who set up these regulations are qualified ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble but the best people go and work for a living , the worse ones go and teach and the worst ones are gon na sit in the commities and tell us how to do bussiness . 
  the curious task of economics is to demonstrate to men how little they really know about what they imagine they can design . 
  who forces you to use windows ? 
  i am sorry but this is not `` i am soo poor i have to steal a loaf of bread . '', 
  you are stealing shit for your own entertainment and then you complain . 
  if you like the product then fucking buy it . 
  if you do n't then get fucked . 
  caps and net neutrality have nothing to do with each other . 
  well how do you make money in a free market ? 
  by providing value to the consumer . 
  if you think its the government that will guarantee a good , quick stable service then look at your local dmv . 
  what you need in the us is to deregulate the industry so some proper competition can spring up and make those big isps accountable . 
  government caused this mess in the first place ... 
  so i just upgraded my old amd stock cooler ( from fx8350 ) that is now serving in my htpc with a new-taller fan - essentially what amd is selling right now . 
  no tools needed - just 5 $ 70x70x25mm fan . 
  you just clip it in place . 
  i have to say that it works pretty damn good for the price, 
  this is not `` wraith '' , i am aware of that . 
  however along with wraith amd also upgraded their older coolers for cheaper / lower tdp skus . 
  those are called `` near silent solution '' . 
  this is mimicking those . 
  not likely - you can clearly see in those pictures that the coolers are different sizes . 
  one is wraith which is new and other is the old 125w cooler with a new fan . 
  ca n't find english site that sells those though . 
  but its just generic fan . 
  there is wraith then there is 125w near silent - which is basically wraith without shroud , then there is 95w near silent - which is the old 125w stock one with better fan . 
  now the way other countries deal with this is that they simply go out and measure the frequencies emmited and look for their source . 
  once they find it they will tell you to turn it off or be fined a lot . 
  its not always intentional though - for instance we had the issue that our 5ghz equipment was somehow interfering on gsm frequencies with the mobile tower right + -100 metres away . 
  turned out the cause was that we had a bad batch of 5ghz aps - some smd components on the boards were emiting that . 
  solved it by moving every board into faraday cage like case . 
  i am not a fan of rules like this - its mostly a safety theatre that solves nothing . 
  people will find a way to go around it . 
  simply give people the freedom to experiment and if they break the rules go after them . 
  ** now let me pull out my tinfoil hat . 
  the government does n't want people to use opensource firmwares because they ca n't effectively backdoor them ( like they done with cisco equipment ) . 
  so they find a bullshit excuse and act on it . 
  its not like interference problems happen only in the us ... 
  the way other countries deal with it is that they simply measure the frequencies , find who is breaking the rules and fine them . 
  i 'd suggest adding a cooling fan in the ups unit so it does n't overheat from extended operation . 
  the original batter is like 8 ah vs that battery will be 40 + ah . 
  the equipment is likely not build to withstand operating that long . 
  do n't forget to add some additional cooling to the unit . 
  depending on how well it is built you are risking it overheating after much longer operation . 
  so swiss bank accounts are bad why exactly ? 
  its not like you cant connect a big directional antenna to it throguh the sma connector . 
  ... isp bussiness were launched on that :-) back in the day when the 2.4 ghz spectrum was still relatively clean . 
  the number of options you have . 
  you can do all kinds of stuff with it - from making a repeater or setting up your ap into client mode , to having control over tx power , to for instance running small ftp server or even mumble on your router .
