  so i think you should be able to atleast cut him and do some pain/damage . 
  i work as an isp senior technician and yep i have seen some terrible things :-) xp is still somewhat regular occurence amongst our customers ( do n't worry i tell them everytime that they need to upgrade because of security reasons ) ... 
  i 've seen dozens and dozens of machines that run 100 % cpu utilization when you browse the web . 
  few times i 've seen even older ( win 2000 ) and one time a client wanted me to connect his win 98 pc which didnt even had a nic :d :d, 
  if valve ever wants to higher the rank-gate ( you have to be rank x to play comp ) . 
  it needs to implement this otherwise who the fuck is going to be playing stupid casual mode for hours and hours ... 
  look at lol ... unranked and ranked are the same thats why it can work ... not like this. ,, 
  ok ... picture the situation you are a newbie and you buy cs and then you are forced playing stupid boring gamemodes instead of proper cs until you gather enough expoerience ? 
  would you actually keep playing ? 
  or they could just make casual suck less ... 
  a ) enable blocking ( no boosting is stupid ) and it discourages teamplay . 
  b ) enable normal fucking economy ( autoarmor basically destroys the game - every round is essentially gun round ) - this is my biggest gripe, 
  c ) only team-talk and you cant talk while dead + normal spectate ; or the same rules as in competetive, 
  d ) 800 $ starting money, 
  e ) less people maybe ( 8v8 ? ), 
  do you get experience while playing on community servers ? 
  cause if not you will still be forced to play stupid modes until you gain enough exp to play normal . 
  i 've been playing cs since 1.6 ... you do n't have to teach me how to use console/connect to servers :-), 
  why not ? 
  we 've been playing like that forever in 1.6 / source . 
  . . up until cs : go it was n't normal that you could walk through your team mates ... 
  i think unsullied are starting to be kinda like the stormtroopers of the got world :-) :-), 
  super hard trained elite military force that gets defeated by few poorly trained rebels with knifes / blasters . 
  i think it is safe to assume that nobody will be using a machine that old :-), 
  wow so you are apparently the smartest person and expert on all things internet . 
  you are apparantly so smart that any person holding different opinion is `` not using logic and reason '' . 
  i 've been working in the isp field for years and currently am senior networking technician . 
  yet apparently i must be stupid and not using reason not to support centralized government taking control of a network built on the idea of decentralization that spurred freedom everywhere . 
  but i guess fuck the freedom we need nsa , cia , fbi and every other shit three letter agency to control the internet . 
  why ? 
  apparently because there isnt enough competition ... well good luck competing with the federal government . 
  they are the definition of a monopoly . 
  government is gaining control thats what it is . 
  if you think government is your mommy and daddy you are gon na have a bad time . 
  government is ultimatedly people with guns who do n't give a f * about you . 
  companies do care for you cause you are a customer . 
  for government you are just a subject . 
  btw : and i do n't need to wear a tinfoil hat . 
  just week ago a politician from my country was criticized by a small bussiness owner , day later the same bussiness owner gets people comming in to his store doing checks for compliance with regulation ... 
  i guess every country has to live with communism first then they 'll learn, 
  well if you are running good antivirus/antispyware and have secured network with firewall then you should be imho reasonably secure and unless you are doing stuff that you really care about ( i dunno - banking , bying online stuff like that ) then you should be alright . 
  our clients that run those pc ussually have zero idea about these security issues so its better safe than sorry - not to mention those pcs are ussually so slow that we get often called about `` slow internet '' - which just means it takes long time for the pc to display websites cause the cpu cant keep up . 
  sooo the question is ... this or xbone controller ? 
  no need to remaster imho ... 
  i still play the worms armageddon on steam - works great with 1080p screens multiplayer works flawlesly . 
  zero issues . 
  holy fuck sometimes i think these police officers/judges/lawmakers had to grow up in some bubble and not in a normal society ... 
  when i was young we used to play with my friends at the age of eleven and less without any supervision all the time . 
  now suddenly you are not allowed to socialize and play without adult watching ? 
  what the hell is wrong with those people ? 
  that has to mess those children up or something . 
  * pulls out the tinfoil hat * i guess the state needs to teach them that they have to rely on their mommy and daddy all the time because the last thing state needs is people who can be independent ... 
  well i am used to nintendo style dpads and i expect to use the controller to play platformers . 
  the problem with playstation pads is that the button layout is different ( i had this issue with my wii classic gamepad - whic now stopped working anyway ) . 
  like in the game it tells me to press x which is entirely different button on my gamepad and that sucks . 
  yeah i understand my point is if armageddon works flawlesly then even newer on the same engine must work aswell :-), 
  i dont like the ds4 and all ps controllers due to different button layout and promts in pc game are done for xbox, 
  oh yes . 
  if i were them i 'd either sue them or plant a sign saying what they 've done so everyone would see it . 
  3sad5me :-(, 
  good luck to him ... but i hope history wo n't repeat it self this week its 75years since russians anexed baltic states ... 
  like it fucking matters ... its like saying germany did n't fought in the ww2 it was the third reich . 
  well i do n't want to really argue with you about names ... but keep in mind that the current political power in russia in no way broke ties with the old regime like germany did ... 
  if you go around with swastikas in germany you get arrested ( not that i would support government arresting people for what essentially is free speech ) . 
  in russia every year there are state organized military parades that celebrate the red army and communism . 
  putin said himself that the breaking up of ussr was the biggest geopolitical tragedy of the century ( or something along those lines ) , not to mention he used to be kgb officer . 
  can you imagine angela merkel today saying that breaking up of third reich was tragedy ? 
  yet communism killed much more people than naziism . 
  and putin has huge support in russia so his opinions are obviously popular . 
  and not to mention the censorship and revisionism of history in current russia - particulary the part where stalin and hitler was bffs and ss learned from red army how to build concentration camps , trained together and ofcourse the part where stalin rounded up huge amount of jews escaping to ussr and sent them back to hitler . 
  ( by the way - i live in post-communist state , so we did get the red menace treatment aswell ... and no need to get deffensive in no way i wanted to attack you personally - i very well understand the difference between individuals and state acting . ), 
   you know what all richest russians have in common ? 
  sadly something similar happened in a lot of post-communist countries :-( its pretty simple - they were the people with connections - they knew when laws are gon na get passed and so on . 
  to be fair market took care of it over the 2 decades ( atleast in my country ) - and there are now very few of them with that kind of past . 
  if that did n't happen in russia there are two possible explanations - a ) all of the communist were expert at management and succeded in creating a great sustainable bussiness ... or the more likely explanation - b ) they are still connected to the power . 
  in which case you guys kinda failed with the transformation . 
   family story, 
  i honestly do n't think he was talking about that since `` geopolitical '' means something different . 
  i 'd argue the breakup was the best thing that happened - the stuff that followed sucked . 
   i mean australia , usa , gb and spain , they just all renounced their heritage after they learned how much people they killed indias . 
  well they kinda did . 
  atleast more so then what happened in russia ( not to mention the scale of people killed is very very different ) . 
  oh wow i did n't actually knew that . 
  not like i am her fan anyway i just picked her as an example as she is kinda the most powerful person in germany right now . 
  by the way as i said you do n't have to explain to me the shit that happened during communism . 
  my country and family suffered very similar fate . 
  ( czech republic ) . 
  during the austro-hungarian empire we were the most industrial part ( 70-80 % of the industry was here ) - even the capital of the empire was in our city prague for some time . 
  after ww1 we became independent and were in the top 10 of richest/industrial nations . 
  then before ww2 we got annexed by germans and that was the start of the downfall ... after ww2 we became part of the eastern block and serious repression happened ... in 1968 we even got occupied by the armies of warsaw pact because of `` counter-revolution '' . 
  then in 1989 we became independent again with economy in shambles . 
  even now 26 years later we still havent recovered from the red menace ... and most post-communist countries are much worse of right now . 
  funny how the techmedia that shill for nv the most are crying about not getting fury x ... 
  like seriously shit happened in 290x reviews ... there were actually graphs and test where the reviewer put his hand to block the air coming to the cooler and showed how the card throtled ( and those graphs were of course then circulated on the internet without context ) . 
  or funny how when xdma crossfire happened all those sites stopped using fcat frametime analysis ... oh amd is now much better then sli better stop testing this then ... 
  i do n't think those guys not getting review cards will hurt amd at all . 
  and linus is hardly any better ... for instance last wan show ... amd actually released a competitive laptop apu called carrizzo which brought up new cpu architecture with very nice ipc gains from which we can extrapolate zen ... 
  yet on wan show there was crickets ... instead linus talked about such very important tech news as ... wait for it ... people getting fired from disney land ... and some guy from intel taking picture of a mobile phone with strapped desktop intel cpu on the back making fun about lots of cores ... 
  they are not preventing anybody from anything ... they are just not giving free hardware samples to shill sites ... 
  again essentially lying about the `` rebadges '' .
