  ( ok theoretically they could design zen with dual memory controller like was the case with phenom ii ( they could work with both am2 + ddr2 and am3 ddr3 ) ), 
  i was talking about excavator though . 
  seriously nobody cares in perf-per-watt of a cpu ( unless server or building sff/htpc and such - 30watt difference means nothing ) . 
  i told you a reason why they didnt push steamroller on am3 + . 
  they had plans but the original manufacturing procces was canceled :-(, 
  btw when you look at the ipc improvements bulldozer -  piledriver -  steamroller -  ( ? ), 
  excavator they are catching up with intel ... 
  if you they could put excavator on good performaning process ( 28nm fd-soi maybe ? ), 
  6/8 core . 
  maybe without l3 and ofcourse without bloatedd igpu like intel has so the die would be really small and cheap i think that would be serious winner chip for gaming . 
  ( that be + - 15 % improvement just from steamroller on top of another x % from excavator ), 
  piledriver ipc is around the phenom ii level . 
  so you can + - compare based on clock speeds . 
  i upgraded from phenom ii x4 965 ( @ 3.7 ghz ) to fx8350 ( @ 4.3 ghz ) - could overclock more but i am happy with it . 
  i got decent bump in singlethread performance , less heat , quiter operation and 2x more cores to boot - so it was win-win for me ( my asus am3 890gtd board supports fx :p ) . 
  you on the other hand have 6cores but lower clockspeed . 
  i would consider upgrading only if your phenom x6 overclock reall badly . 
  + sold my phenom for almost half the price of 8350 so yeah ... ( check out the prices of your chip you might get some serious dough for it - plenty of people want to upgrade on older board and you have one of the best chips they can get :-) ), 
  well obviously 9590 is a monster chip with 220w tdp that no sane person would buy - i meant more along the lines - if amd can have a similar competing 125w chip against intel 95w ( or 95w against 54w ) its no big deal . 
  and overclocking and tdp are n't always related - for instance on the 28 bulk process you are talking about the tdp is low but as you start pushing into higher frequencies the tdp grows lot faster than on 32 soi =  worse overclock even when the chip is lower tdp . 
  about the l3 cache well try comparing benchmarks -, 
  fx-4300 vs 760k they both have 3.8 ghz clock speed fx has l3 , 760 has none , both are piledriver , yet the difference in passmark is 2 % - considering that l3 takes up a very large portion of the die, 
  ( http://images.bit-tech.net/content_images/2012/11/amd-fx-8350-review/piledriver-3b.jpg ) . 
  and the fact that steamroller without l3 is already + -15 % better ipc than piledriver with l3 its kinda a nobrainer . 
  removing the l3 would allow pretty damn big pricecut ( smaller die ) or more cores . 
  phenom ii and fx ipc is around the same level so the only way what you said would be true would be if phenom iis would overclock a lot better than 8350 which is n't the case - especially comparing brand new fx and phenom ii that has been running for several years and propably has degraded little bit already ... 
  make sure your mobo is sli compatible . 
  well yeh ... but he can o.c. 
  fx atleast as much as pii propably even more ( considering its brand new chip vs old used one ) . 
  nope ipc is the same . 
  op doesnt seem to be too much of an overclocker so i 'd get 8350 anyway - best case scenarion is that 8320e will get close to the same oc as 8350 but its cheaper . 
  no they do n't have higher ipc ... its the same piledriver architecture , it might just be turbo or something like that screwing the benchmarks . 
  does it have pci-e connector ? 
  ( doesnt matter if its 16x 4x 1x or pci-e 1 / 2 / 3 ) the yes it will work . 
  try upgrading your bios with old cpu - chances are your bios is older than the new cpu so it doesnt recognize it :-), 
  i bought 2 gigabyte gpus :, 
  one is 7970ghz ( which is running in my pc currently ) and after year and ahalf or so it started artifacting a little bit - but downclocking it 20mhz fixed it . 
  on the other hand i was building pc for a friend and bought 280 form gigabyte and boom artifacting out of the box - no amount of underclocking helped ( rma soon ) . 
  so yeah nuff said next time i am buying sapphire ... ( but i am propably just unlucky and your card is gon na be great :-) ), 
  when i was thinking about it i noticed that gigabyte ( atleast in my country ) has almost always the cheapest cards and their overclock is one of the highest ... so yeah something doesnt add up . 
  something like this can mess up with player mind ... and therefore affect the outcome of the match, 
  ot : what the fuck were all those sudden pauses when playing d2 in this game ?? 
  was it a ddos ? 
  if that were the case win 10 is doa ... microsoft isnt that stupid ... 
  just look what a simple thing as a ui change did to win 8 - people still hate it even when its better in every way than 7 . 
  i am looking for internal drive ( what i meant not operational 24/7 is that its not a system drive so it will be in sleep mode a lot of the time ) . 
  i heard lot of bad things about the green drives though :(, 
  i can get seagate baraccuda 7200rpm for the same price ... but i do n't really need the extra speed . 
  so i would gladly get the wd if i knew they are more reliable . 
  btw i can get also get wd av / wd red / wd purple for a little bit more - not sure if it would do me any good . 
  the wd black is a lot more expensive though . 
  i am also clingign to wd red . 
  over eight thousand !!, 
  wd black was considerably more expensive though :-) so i went with wd red :-) hope it will fair better than my 2tb seagate its gon na replace . 
  get a new gpu and overclock that cpu - if you cant get a good overclock upgrade to 8350 . 
  just get additional stick . 
  ram doesnt really matter all that much ( aslong as you have enough and are n't doing some really specific tasks that need it ), 
  i do n't really think there are smurfs @silver1 level :d :d :d, 
  started out silver master elite but didnt stay there for long . 
  we do n't even know that . 
  it can still be cmt . 
  hehehehehe gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  get out of here you god damn lochness monster !!, 
  aftermarket coolers are ussualy more quiet , the cpu runs cooler and therefore there is greater headroom for overclocking . 
  the stock ones are perfectly ok though . 
  well fuck i just bought 3tb wd red yeasterday ... 
  if i knew this i 'd buy 4tb seagate :d, 
  your brother is dead wrong . 
  you need ddr2 sticks - i 'd try ebay or some site like that they could have used ddr2 for decent prices . 
  if it was possible to stream pc games to xbone - now that would be nice feuture and actually a pretty damn good selling point ( lots of people want sff htpcs ) . 
  if it was possible to stream pc games to xbone - now that would be nice feature and actually a pretty damn good selling point ( lots of people want sff htpcs ) . 
  but this is absolutely worthless imho . 
  well imho , they wa n't to slowly move to that model where you get basic windows for free and pay for better functionality - so they can compete with android and stuff like that in the low end . 
  what they need to do for that is to end the fracturing of the userbase and get vast majority off the people on the same system - this accomplishes it . 
  also it might also be the case that companies will not upgrade in the first year becasue of potential compatibility issues and bugs that will be ironed out ( heck some were using xp up until recently ) - so they will pay for it eventually aswell . 
  also i do n't think that big number of people will upgrade in the first year - mostly just enthusiaist - so i do n't think it will hurt their bottom line - it creates a nice image of the company and its good marketing . 
  and they are pushing onedrive integration and similar services . 
  and as far as i know - onedrive and similar services are n't integrated into 7 - and they want to get users to use and pay for these :-), 
  yes but if they know players ip aeary they can ddos him anyway - this would prevent them from knowing the ip though ( but add fuckton of latency in the procces - you can do the same with vpn ) . 
  exactly - with a pretty damn good controller and some exclusives as a bonus - i personnaly wouldnt buy it but i could see people going for it . 
  well for the same reason people build htpcs - so you can have a small computer next a tv from which you can watch movies/netflix browse and sometimes play games - its wouldnt be your main gaming system . 
  xbox could fill that place pretty damn well + you could play some exclusives on it . 
  it would go along nicely with their `` tv '' `` tv '' `` tv '' strategy :d :-), 
  ram is ram ... it either works or it doesnt ... thats why almost every ram manufacturer gives you lifetime warranty, 
  i run 8350 with 7970ghz ( = = r9280x ) on 620 seasonic bronze psu . 
  if your psu is good quality you should be able to manage small healthy overclock - i wouldnt go overboard though ( and wouldnt overclock gpu and cpu both ) . 
  i am running @ 4.3 ghz turbo disabled on close to stock voltage . 
  it will have very small effect . 
  but you can always disable the second screen ( its as easy like pressing windows + p and choosing single screen :-) ), 
  good bang for the buck is the hyper 212 . 
  if money is not a big concern then something like noctua nhd14 is propably the best one out there . 
  i run scythe ninja 3 ( its no longer in production i think ) with noctua redux 14mm fan and i am very happy with it and scythe has great customer service . 
  you basically almost ca n't go wrong with cpu coolers ... its just a bunch of metal with a fan :d check some reviews online and buy whats on sale :-), 
  the cpu is propably bga jaguar ... so good luck keeping it :d :-), 
  hehe reminds me of an issue i had back in the day with my pirated ( :-( dont copy that floppy ! ), 
  prince of persia ii in win98 . 
  it only used to run if i was playing one specific song with an mp3 player ( forgot the name :-( ) in the background :d :d, 
  sure the game devs are gon na code specifically for one video card which is like 0 % of the market , just because nv screwed you over guys ... 
  their logic is that when the time comes that games will be pushing 4gb vram they will already have new gen of cards and people will be suckers and just get new ones ... 
  the same bs they 've done with stopping all optimazation for 7xx cards ...
