  `` its going to be based on the 390 '' the fuck does that even mean . 
  r3 420 blaze-it edition :d, 
  cake doesnt judge her :-) :d, 
  i said in avg . 
  fps which is correct . 
  ok i will give you that the title was clickbaity af . 
  should have propably been `` fx does pretty damn good in doom '' . 
  which it does - handily beating i7 2600k and competing with haswell i5 is something which is not seen all that often :-), 
  robert baratheon :, 
  i 've been waiting here for months . 
  release the damn cards before i piss meself !!, 
  2 years ago i bought a a4tech bloody mouse only to find out that all the marketing on the box about super software features was total bs as those features were limited ( you can only do it 1000 times ) . 
  then boom pay as 20 $ for software support . 
  by definition of that stupid law you become criminal when you procure a gun :-), 
  my guess ? 
  they are waiting for final 1070 specs / reviews so they can price accordingly . 
  this has to be satire . 
  of course they do ... afterall they are funded by government thats been running this same scam for years now . 
  just like my tv used to be hd ready :-) , 
  make her pay for it . 
  thats given . 
  the rest doesnt matter . 
  like daily user ever needed dual socket mobo :-), 
  so you are one of the 5 people who preorder games and play them on day one ? 
  well good for you . 
  we do n't know the full info about 1070 yet . 
  depends on which games you test . 
  you can have it both ways . 
  you can say that its only like 13 % better than fury x. 
  which is true if you only test aots and hitman :-), 
  what is interesting is that it is only like 13 % faster than fury x in games like aots or hitman . 
  dx12 + async + overall optimazatiuon for gcn seems to be doing some magic . 
  depends if 36 cu is a cut or full die . 
  if its the full die and the final clocks then its kinda underwhelming - basically 20 % higher clockspeed and 20 % lower shader count . 
  + -5 -10 % will propably come from ipc improvements especially in minimum fps . 
  however if this is not the full die ( which it likely isnt comparing the die sizes ) then polaris is on pretty damn good track to compete with 1070 . 
  basically we do n't know much yet . 
  yeah i also believe 36cu is not a full die ( comparing die size with hawai and 14ff scaling is my reason ), 
  eh not really . 
  more like 30s - 1 minute, 
  the newer cards use memory compression techniques lowering their needs for bandwidth . 
  also those cards use faster gddr chips which ofsets the bigger bus little bit . 
  the reason for this is two-fold smaller memory bus means simpler memory controller which means less die-size ( cheaper to manufacture ) and less power consumption . 
  amd is doing it aswell . 
  marketing, 
  amd already has compression ( for example the 380x has only 256-bit memory bus while 280x had 384-bit and both cards have pretty much the same performance . ), 
  the 290x/390x however is an slightly older design without compression . 
  hbm is still expensive - with time it will propably move down the stack and replace gddr5 / gddr5x in more skus . 
  but for now it will propably only come with highend cards ( both nv and amd ) . 
  stupid question i asked many times . 
  why does n't just netflix say fuck off ? 
  what can eu do to an american company ? 
  are they gon na censor the internet and instead of netflix play a video of eu flags flapping or what ? 
   legally . 
  i aint gon na judge you for not respecting their stupid laws . 
   much when overclocked . 
  but it will be loud . 
   this is n't a 4k 60fps card yet as the card will dip below 40 fps and on most games currently it wo n't achieve 60fps . 
  average is around 44fps . 
  imo we should say `` this isnt 4k ultra 60fps card '' ... as i for example think that the performance is good enough to enjoy 4k - you hardly need 16x antialiasing on 4k screen . 
  holy shit is that screenschot from cs : go beta ? 
  ... damn that was too long ago . 
  we do n't really know . 
  if i understand the charging proccess correctly it slows down the more charged the phone is . 
  so you could measure the amps going through the wires and use that - but it propably wont be precise . 
  wow so much hate against g2a . 
  g2a is just a marketplace that allows users to sell their keys . 
  sometimes the users may have gotten the keys in shady ways , but there is reputation system and there is g2a shield . 
  you are basically complaining that if you buy shit on ebay it might be stollen ... 
   ( the 390 is a 290 which is a 7870 ), 
  explain, 
  it does seem to look like the card is highly dependant on proper drivers then to tell the card which stuff to put in which partition . 
  i am kinda scared what will happen year or two down the road when maxwell optimization wo n't be n. 1 priority . 
  i am very happy with ikea arkelstorp . 
  should be big enough for you . 
   legitimate . 
  define legitimate , and tell my why g2a is not ? 
  so you are basically telling they are operating against the law . 
  ok now go ahead and sue them or present evidence why you belive that . 
  otherwise its nothin more than slander . 
  why is this too good to be true ? 
  this is pretty much expected - dare to say on the conservative side . 
  hawai ( 290x/390x has die size of 438mm ) - polaris 10 is expected to have die size 232mm . 
  14nm finfet is supposed to have atleast twice the number of transistors in the same area than 28nm . 
  add better clocks , add architecture improvements and yeah you are pretty much at the fury level . 
   `` outside of , not against . '', 
  you are either commiting a crime or what you are doing is legal . 
  `` everything which is not forbidden is allowed '' is basic judicial principle . 
  and there was actually a court case in eu which outcome basically confirmed that reselling keys is perfectly legal . 
   they operate with little to no oversight , and often have problems with sellers trading in stolen goods ,, 
  what oversight are you talking about ? 
  i am sure they have the perfect amount of oversight for their bussiness model . 
  if they did n't it would eat into their profits . 
   they do operate the platform that enables these unscrupulous sellers . 
  post office enables drug dealers . 
  internet enables child pornography . 
  i can only talk about my own experience on g2a . 
  i 've used it to sell like 5 steam gifts i 've had laying in my inventory for months with no use for them . 
  i also bought few games through their service - mainly just some old titles that i got into the mood to play them and did n't feel like waiting for sale ( f.e. 
  the original max payne ) .
