  thats is a double edged sword ... then you get company like apple willing to stand up to the feds and for consumer privacy rights ... 
  i think we need more competition in the sector not more government :-) i 'd rather be mindly inconvinienced by stupid os install which i can opt out by using other os than have the feds have unlimited access to your files because no company will stand up to them - as that would mean suicide . 
  government is not always right . 
  do you know what soc stand for ? 
  well you can lower tx power too :-) and there are reasons to do it . 
   microsoft just needs to make windows as an open gaming platform . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  inb4 silver 1-5 are filled exclusively with console plebs and everyone will complain that `` global elite do n't mean sh * t no more '', 
  phe i raise you -, 
  cs : go with a team of russian xbox players ... 
  yeah it was more like a joke . 
  xbox and console gaming as a whole is not nearly as much popular in central/eastern europe as it is in the us . 
  to me windows was and is open gaming platform . 
  but what is ms doing now is scary to me ... almost like `` we are from the government and we are here to help '' scary . 
  in pcper interview raja koduri talks about how important multigpu becomes going forward because of the death of moore 's law . 
  maybe scalability means multiple small gpu dies connected on an interposer - making yield almost a non issue . 
  you have only yourself to blame for your dissapointment . 
  it was very clear from the start that amd is gon na release small die gpus first . 
  i do n't know the way the roadmap looks is ambiguous . 
  i 'd say we can expect vega between q4 2016 and q1 2017 . 
  or you can buy them second hand because lot of people will be selling after new gen hits . 
  imho polaris 10 and 11 are smaller cheaper and more powerefficient versions of 380x / 390x - maybe little bit faster . 
  in this performance tier you do n't need more bandwidth so hbm would add unnecessary cost . 
  later on when hbm2 becomes avaliable they will release the flagship . 
  wow look at that cpu performance benchmark ... 
  i did n't want to say `` told ya so '' but yeah the fx is starting to shine - it took good damn long time to do it though . 
  i think you should be safe with 390/390x as the brunt of the mining was carried by 7970ghz/280x/290x cards , after that it became pretty much unprofitable - some people still choose to mine altcoins but it is imho much less prevalent that the bitcoin craze was . 
  competition is planning to release 980ti equivalent for 350 $ ? 
  yes it is safe to disable powersaving features . 
  your pc will draw little more watts especially when idle . 
   like how broadwell still tops the charts even with skylake out, 
  you ca n't compare this . 
  gpus scale with better density when changing processes . 
  if you add more stream processors to a gpu you get better performance . 
  if you add more cores to a cpu you will still be limited by single core performance . 
  14nm finfet process is said to have more than 2x the density of 28nm . 
  last time we had a gpu shrink was a 5 years ago . 
  you can expect massive improvements in performance per watt and performance per dollar . 
  amd is said to release 370 and 380 successors ( likely around 380x/390 and 390x/fury performance ) around june and then the flagship at the end of the year or begginning on 2017 . nvidia will likely be + - two months behind ( however they might release 980 successor first and then midrange cards later ) . 
  so if you want a true successor to 980ti you are gon na wait for a long time . 
  however the price should fall a lot in between as cards with performance just bellow at much lower tdps and much lower price emerge . 
  it is gon na be powerful gpu but no longer worth nearly as much as it is now :-), 
  but i would conservatively say that its gon na take atleast 6months and likely more for 980ti to be topped . 
  ( i 'd be glad to be wrong though :-) ), 
  i am 100 % sure its not a 7970 . 
  as i have 7970 and it has more enabled units . 
  from gpu-z :, 
  rops / tmus : 32 / 128 ( vs yours 32/96 ), 
  shaders : 2048 ( vs yours 1536 ), 
  i think polaris 10 ( the bigger one ) will be around 390x-fury level of performance at much lower wattage and propably lower price . 
  the true flagship ( vega which is supposed to come out around the end of year ) will be considerably higher perf than that . 
   current generation games seem to rely heavily on single core performance rather than being properly multithreaded . 
  depends on what you mean by current gen games . 
  if you look at the newest games ( q4 2015 and games releasing now ) you can clearly see from cpu benchmarks that single threaded performance is not as important as it used to be . 
  - case in point - older i7 2600k beating modern i5s despite lower clockspeed and lower ipc - having more threads makes up for it . 
  just check out gamegpu.com . 
  even amd fx octocores are starting to perform pretty well ( considering their age ) . 
  but yeah as other posters suggested - get older i7/xeon that fits your motherboard that is the best upgrade . 
  the only problem i see is that you are not able to shoulder the weapon ( obviously ) ... 
  depends on the game . 
  in some games amd octocores suck ass and are at the performance level of your i3 in others though they sometimes can even outperform i7 . 
  youll get much more consistency with intel + you already have the mobo . 
  what is your current mobo ? 
  well i do n't think this is all that new as i tried the steamvr performance test when it came out and it showed my 7970ghz edition being `` capable '' with 0 frames below 90fps . 
  anyway the headsets are currently out of my price range and by the time i will be considering them i would propably be running new gpu . 
  here with 7970ghz edition ( basically a 280x which is only sligthly faster ) - 0 frames under 90fps and when running fraps fps was in the 100-110 range . 
  your 285 should be able to run it and if not then that could be solved with a slight overclock . 
  generally what you say is correct . 
  however it isnt the case in every scenario - the fx9590 is monster that eats power but it has shitloads of multithreaded performance . 
  and there are games where it outperforms i5s . 
  anyway still i5 / 8thread xeon is a better cpu deal anyway as you do n't have to deal with all that cooling and have more modern platform . 
  stupid question . 
  how would one try to clean that mess ? 
  dvd writer - to be fair that is only because i kept it when upgrading so its ooooooold and never used anyway ... but i have a big tower so there is plenty of space . 
  card reader . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't see any reason why they should switch and i see plenty reasons why it would not be a good idea . 
  as far as i know there is literally zero reason to switch to lga ( maybe apart from marketing to be more like intel ) . 
  and there are pretty big reasons not to ( legacy equipment , packaging experience , cooler compatibility and such ) . 
  mostly just do n't mess with shit that works . 
  better yet do that and then after the sex you say `` by the way i voted for trump '' . 
  it gives them advantage in density , however we dont really know the other parts of the puzzle - for example 16nm could theoretically allow higher clocks offsetting that advantage . 
  the funny thing is that those crazy sjw are exactly what trump supporters do n't like and seeing them all crazy and screaming will just make trump supporters happier . 
  the opposite effect is comming . 
  can you show me the source as far as i knew there were no hard data comparing those processes . 
  also watch out for comparisons using apple a9 - it was using 14nm lpe . 
  amd parts will be using 14nm lpp which has better characteristics . 
  actually 280x outperforms 380x in some games . 
  they 're very close . 
  380x has better tesselation hovewer 280x has higher memory bandwidth and clocks ( sometimes ) . 
  it has to do with cost and power consumption . 
  they have memory compression tech so the actualy difference is very small . 
  but yeah in some games the 280x beats 380x and in some it loses . 
  that 800mhz likely doesnt mean anything - propably just testing chip or laptop gpu . 
  i am expecting clocks around 1200-1300mhz ( 14nm should clock higher according to apple ) . 
  and this gpu is supposed to exceed 390x so if 2304 is the full gpu ( and not binned part with disabled stream processors ) then the only way they can do that is with both greater ipc and greater clocks . 
  `` lower process node do n't necessarily clock higher . '', 
  never said they do . 
  you are not saying one important thing which is we are comparing bulk process vs a finfet process . 
  and finfets do support higher frequencies .
