  its the assault weapons fault !!!!, 
  if he did n't have hyperautomatic 10milion round per second assault killer machinegun nobody would get hurt !!!!!, 
  / s :-d, 
  the average aaa gamer was using 8 core dual-ccx cpu with jaguar architecture . 
  i totally disagree . 
  left is saying how the right is violent all the fucking time ... yet it is always the left that is rioting after they lose an election . 
  its always the left who is setting cars on fire . 
  its the left who is racists and commits hate crimes . 
  we do n't need to stoke hate . 
  we need say shut them up . 
  present the facts and show the obvious . 
  look you the mass media are the ones who are stoking the hate . 
  you are the problem . 
  if you do n't go and show up to the debate you lose by default . 
   quit being such an idiot . 
  how many people who proclaim to be on the right do you know that support government laws to treat people of different races differently ? 
  how many people who proclaim to be on the left support affirmitive action ? 
  how many support quotas ? 
  if i were australian i would fucking sue them for sexism ... spending tax money for sexist propaganda nice . 
  `` the ( russian ) diplomat stressed that the war against monuments is aimed at effacing from the polish people 's memory the fact that the red army saved them from the total elimination by hitler 's nazis . '', 
  what a fucking joke . 
  russians attacked poland alongside nazi germany . 
  they were fucking allies . 
  they killed off polish inteligencia during a massacre in katyn . 
  then after the war they enslaved the people for 40 + years . 
  do they have no shame ? 
  do they think people do n't know history ? 
  the only way a public referendum can be usefull to lower the state power is through public veto . 
  if enough people petition to veto a certain law there is a referendum . 
  nah bro not really unless you get really lucky . 
  there is a huge gpu shortage right now due to ethereum mining . 
  the prices skyrocketed . 
  your best bet is try to get a used older generation gpu - or a entry-level gpu like rx560/gtx1050/1050ti ;, 
  yep . 
  just be aware that it is not gon na be an upgrade for you . 
  it will offer similar performance to your now dead 270 . 
   `` the weird thing is , that 's a $ 30,000 ticket a month before we know what vega can do ? 
  i 'm thinking maybe vega is garbage for mining and very power inefficient . '', 
  even if vega is super efficient and powerful it does n't necesarilly mean it will be great for mining . 
  the midrange cards ussually have the best performance per dollar . 
  so it might very well be the case that buying polaris will be more profitable from mh per dollar and watt standpoint . 
  it could be more simple . 
  since amd and partners are basically selling every gpu they can make . 
  they obviously want to sell more . 
  so maybe they figured out it was worth it to scrounge and use the small amount of chips that have defect in the video out / vce engine . 
  = = chips that otherwise would be thrown out . 
  somebody should propably calculate how many of such chips can there be :-), 
  could be chips that have defect in the video out/vce engine . 
  which would make sense as they ca n't really sell those . 
  but it depends on how many of those chips are actually out there . 
  some should run some calculations base on die size . 
  i had amd fx8350 with m4a890gtd pro motherboard . 
  i upgraded to an i7-4590 ( obviously with a new motherboard . ), 
  i did it without any reinstalling . 
  everything worked just fine . 
   end of the day , there 's only so much manufacturing capacity . 
  every vega card they make is a rx 580 they ca n't make . 
  eh not really . 
  amd is not using 100 % of glofo capacity ... and even if they were they can make some of their stuff at samsung . 
  ramping production though takes months . 
  so they ca n't really just start making more right away . 
  if that was possible there would be no gpu shortage . 
  have you ever seen a flagship gpu that was twice as powerfull and only twice as expensive as midrange ? 
  there is no such thing as l\u00ednear scaling ... 
  a ) the bigger the die the lower the yields . 
  b ) you have more profit on highend parts . 
  just look at any chart showing performance per dollar in gpus ... 
  i ca n't see what your problem is . 
  they are doing a much more valuable thing for society then us playing games and they are rewarded accordingly . 
  agreed . 
  look at history . 
  its not backed by economy . 
  its backed by the government . 
  the government doesnt own the economy . 
  partially agree . 
  they aleady are . 
  by definition . 
  people use bitcoin and exchange it for goods and services . 
  bitcoin already is by definition money . 
  and i am sorry i have much more trust in mathematic algorythms that ca n't be fucked with than i have trust in my government . 
  money is just a system to track how much value individuals add to society . 
  mathematical cryptocurrency can accomplish it much more reliably than politicaly controlled fiat money . 
  it will help amd as it will make their cards more atractive vs the competition ( that is if they have more cards to sell - as right now they are selling everything they can make anyway . ), 
  ca n't you cancel a preorder if you didnt get the card yeat ? 
  a few month ago nobody even knew there is a thing called a tensor core and now you make it a problem that they dont have it ? 
  right now anyone with permanent residency can get the permit - you need to pass a background check , pass a health-check ( with your regular gp ) and then pass the test . 
  the test is basically showing the knowledge of the law , and showing you can safely handle a firearm . 
  only hurdle is that the test is entirely in czech language ( and no interpretors are allowed ) . 
  however with the new eu rules you propably wont be able to get it if you are not a citizen ( nobody knows really ) . 
  the article is not entirely correct . 
  they are not really working to liberalize it . 
  they are working to keep the pretty damn free status quo ( getting a license is kinda similar to getting a ccw permit in us ) . 
  and they just passed a constitutional ammendmend to secure it against the eu gun rules . 
  anyway i have to say they did a good job :-) and seeing how basically every party ( except part of christian democarts ) overwhelmingly supported it i feel pretty secure with my rights :-), 
  also a last year they removed a part of the gun law that gave power to the government to disarm people in case of war like emergency , citing that democratic government has no need for such provisions . 
  taxes are not so great , but you can optimize it pretty well . 
  as for the racism . 
  yes i 'd say most people here are little bit racist on the inside . 
  not a lot , and they do n't show it very often but a bit yes . 
  mostly only against brown people though - as they associate them with gypsies - the sizable minority that live here , that is notorious for living on the government tit , pickpocketing and causing crime and problems .
