  i see more genocidal statements from the left though ... all the `` kill white people '' bullshit . 
  yes it is . 
  as long as you use the lefts definition of nazism . 
  meaning that everyone right of stalin is a nazi :-), 
  so stfu you nazi bigot !, 
  no such thing as libertarian left . 
  that is an oxymoron . 
  ... what about just making more ? 
  the gpu shortage is going on months and months ... 
  everything to weaken german-franco aliance is a good thing . 
  in a generation those countries will be caliphates . 
  `` the smaller state is always better myth . '', 
  its not a myth its a strawman . 
  eh well the original definition is what i was talking about . 
  was n't aware that someone changed the definition ... 
  genos means `` race , stock , kin '' in greek . 
  i do n't watch molyneux . 
  i watch the news . 
  and sorry but seeing what is happening in western europe sure as hell does n't fill me with confidence in the future of those countries . 
  it might not be called a caliphate but it will be a hellhole with not much freedom . 
  as for the eu ? 
  it is already breaking up and it is glorious . 
  with britain leaving that puts more pressure on the few remaining eurosceptic countries . 
  namely the v4 . 
  now the eu wants to vote to take away the voting rights of poland - the largest eurosceptic country . 
  they will not succeed as the rest of v4 will vote against it . 
  but they are burning bridges . 
  add to it the fact that very very very soon some of the v4 countries will stop recieving any money from the eu and infact will become net-payers . 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  according to survey done by the eu - eurobarometer 2017 , only 33 % of czechs think that membership in the eu is a good thing . 
  and v4 is already working on an `` exit strategy '' . 
  its called intermarium or the three seas initiative . 
  i am smoking nice pipe tobbaco while watching the world burn :-), 
  thank you sir you made me laugh, 
  she is a shit character . 
  hard to put it in words . 
  maybe its just emilia clarke 's portrayal but she just does n't come off as likeable at all . 
  atleast it is fair !, 
  what the f-ck are you doing in a libertarian subreddit ... the whole point of libertarianism is to limit the scope of government = = limit the scope of politics . 
  i hope everyone will go ahead and sue those platforms under the same laws that prohibit freedom of association that the left loves so much ( talking about you gary `` bake that cake ! '', 
  johnson ) . 
  and i say that as a staunch supporter of freedom of association because fighting dirty and making them fall on their own swords is the only way those laws will ever get reformed . 
  yes it does . 
  if only thing the government had power to do was military , courts and police , nobody would care about politics . 
  only traitor in that war was lincoln . 
  wow hindsight sure is 20/20 . 
  a year ago some people were actually thinking about voting for the lp ... good they instead went and voted for trump . 
  lp is a joke now . 
  wow is this a joke ? 
  :d oh my god such a hero , he said what 99 % people agree on , hope he does n't get persecuted for his views . 
  top kek . 
  i think their want to kill us prevents the dialog :-), 
  and even if you agree that humans are causing it . 
  then it does n't follow that the solution is to basically destroy the world economy ... 
  ... well is n't it awfully convenient that all the wights die except the one they need to take away with them :-d, 
  because plot ... 
  you want to tell me that they are not only too lazy to get a job but they are too lazy even to fill out a survey ?!, 
  `` with a trial comes more stress . 
  and while cirpinski contends he was in the right , a jury potentially could convict him . '', 
  what fucking jury would convict 81 + year old man over that ? 
  its not a use-tax though . 
  you have to pay it even if you do n't watch bbc ... you ca n't watch any tv channel without paying it . 
  and yeah it is propably better than a just funding it from tax money ... but what the fuck that is meaningless ... its 2017 ... nobody is watching tv anymore anyway . 
  those channels just need to be privatized and those taxes abolished . 
  the end . 
  be happy you got down-voted - that way your comment wo n't be visible and some overly-sensitive government worker wont report you for not paying :-d, 
  better question - do they even have a right to enter ? 
  ca n't you just decline ? 
  ( well its the uk so propably not . ), 
  what the hell is wrong with nato ? 
  its a bloody common defense alliance . 
  to have it oc that much you need crazy highend motherboard and crazy cooling . 
  that kinda defeats the point of `` budget cpu '' . 
  i use some `` amd only '' ddr2 in my phenom htpc . 
  i also upgraded some people older pcs with it . 
  it works just fine . 
  and for the price its a steal . 
  you can get 4gb stick for like 7 $ ... 
  oh yes i give you that . 
  countries that do n't follow the treaty and spend less than what was agreed on ( 2 % gdp ) should just be kicked or have some other serious repercussions ... 
  otherwise its just a joke . 
  the only reason i know what is ldlc is because of cs : go dh winter 2014 and that crazy champagne man with goomba hat . 
  is this the new vr porn ? 
  those youtube comments are pure gold . 
  + not my presidente !, 
  + make tropico great again !, 
  eh its an obvious joke . 
  swastika on gay-pride flag . 
  who the fuck would believe that fat landwhale that someone would want to rape her lel . 
  eh imho not really . 
  it is definitely faster but not by all that much - 20-30 % tops . 
  obviously it consumes lot less power and has igpu which is pretty good . 
  imho since you propably already have an gpu it is better to just spend a little bit more and get yourself ryzen 3 1200 which is much much much better than your old phenom . 
  and overclockable :-), 
  a8-9600 makes the perfect sense for your regular person/grandma machine though - cheap and plenty fast to do web tasks and watch movies :-), 
  rule number 4 :, 
  `` make the enemy live up to its own book of rules . '', 
  you can kill them with this because no one can possibly obey all of their own rules . 
  saul d. alinsky 's rules for radicals . 
  this is exactly the way we need to fight .
