  ( unless you were trying to put it in socket 2011 ), 
  because people are willing to buy at those prices . 
  why ? 
  because they either already have socket 1150 motherboard and want to upgrade or they have older pc but they do have lot of ddr3 ram and they do n't feel like buying bunch of new ram for few % difference . 
  `` improved compactness and efficiency will make it more attractive to add more cores to server chips and more execution units onto gpus , he says . '', 
  yeah ... no thanks . 
  cant you already do that if you have a dgpu ? 
  or even without it shouldnt you be able to decode it by software ( pure cpu power ) ? 
  right now its being debated . 
  it needs 3/5 of the parliament ( both houses ) . 
  it has pretty strong support across the whole political spectrum ( even from communist , it is actually being proposed by leftist government ) , with few exceptions one of them being the notorious j.dienstbier , who is essentially what you call the new left in the west , he is laughing stock of 90 % of the country . 
  it is propably going to pass . 
  to be clear it is not really changing anything right now - it is only elevating the law we have currently . 
  and it lays groundwork to oppose eu gun ban . 
  well that is the media narative ... 
  or in other words what do you expect ? 
  the media writing about rational people arming themselves for selfdefence ? 
  nah bro they are all racist !!, 
  `` he killed 16 czechoslovakians ; guy was an interior decorator '', 
  this is not really changing the law we currently have - it is simply elevating the rights to be part of constitution - so it is harder to restrict . 
  and also as this law specifies that armed citizens are a part of national defense it is a way to get around the eu gun law restrictions . 
  as far as the law is now ( i am gon na simplify it a little ) - you have to have a clean criminal record , be reliable ( stuff like alcoholism , lot of misdemeaners and stuff like that ) , be of good health ( your general practicioner decides ) , and pass a test which is partly knowledge of the law and partly practical - you have to show safe handling and stuff . 
  if you pass it you get a license . 
  you can then go ahead and buy pretty much everything except fully automatic firearms . 
  you can also carry concealed . 
  open carrying is possible only on private property with the permission of the owner ( for instance security in malls ) . 
  yes . 
  you if you have a firearm license you can carry concealed pretty much everywhere ( and openly on private property if you have a permission of the owner ) . 
  and you can defend against ongoing attack on your life , health or any other thing that is protected by law ( i.e. 
  property ) , but your defense ca n't be completely disproportional . 
  ( = = you ca n't shoot kids that are `` stealing '' cherries from a tree on your property , but you can definitely shoot an attacker that is trying to kill you with a knife ), 
  devils advocate : nobody would recommend to buy i3 +980 last generation . 
  why should it be okay to buy i3 +1060 ( which has the same graphical power ) today ? 
  you have to have a clean criminal record , be reliable ( stuff like alcoholism , lot of misdemeaners and stuff like that ) , be of good health ( your general practicioner decides ) , and pass a test which is partly knowledge of the law and partly practical - you have demonstrate you can safely handle a firearm . 
  if you pass it you get a license . 
  the test itself isnt really hard . 
  any private gun range will help you prepare for a small fee . 
  the law is set up in a way that if you fullfill the requierements you ca n't be denied ... 
  to all the people saying how games only use 4 cores and how i7 is useless for gaming . 
  you are wrong . 
  lets look at the most recent games . 
  far cry primal , watch dogs2 , doom , battlefield 1 , cod infinite warfare , mafia 3 , rise of tomb radier ,, 
  in all of those games the old sandy bridge i7 2600k outperforms two generation newer i5 4670k . 
  despite haswell having considerably stronger ipc . 
  ( benchmarks by gamegpu.com ), 
  in watchdogs 2 and battlefield it outperforms it massivelly - even outperforming skylake i5-6600 ... 
  the quadcore era is slowly but surely coming to an end . 
  i7 2600 is the same cpu as i7 - 2600k . 
  except it has locked multiplier . 
  in modern games this cpu routinely outperforms haswell i5s and in some games skylake i5s aswell . 
  i would definitely not call that shit . 
  that cpu has around 30 % higher performance than stock i5-2500k . 
  can you oc 30 % ? 
  how much power that uses ? 
  is your oc 100 % stable ? 
  how loud is your cooler ? 
  how much money did you spend on aftermarket cooling ? 
  how much money did you spend on z68 motherboard ? 
  you dont even have to learn from history . 
  just look at benchmarks of current games - you see clear trend of i7-2600k outperfoming much newer i5-4670k and sometimes even i5-6600 . 
  the extra threads clearly matter . 
  do you really save money overclocking on intel platform though ? 
  its not just the cost of aftermarket cooler . 
  you pay extra money for z ** motherboard . 
  you pay extra money for k cpu ... 
  it might very well be less expensive to buy a cheaper motherboard with locked i7/xeon . 
  hyperthreading has serious effect . 
  stock i7 6700 despite having 100mhz lower clockspeed than the 6600k has + -25 % more performance . 
  go to gamegpu.com . 
  and look at up benchmarks ... 
  i just picked the newest games i knew - far cry primal , watch dogs2 , doom , battlefield 1 , cod infinite warfare , mafia 3 , rise of tomb radier . 
  in all of those what i said is indeed the case . 
  granted in some of those games its close ( like it 2600k loses in by 2fps in average but has 10fps higher minimums which i count as a win ) . 
  but in other games its huge ( bf1 and watchdogs 2 ), 
  they already do . 
   far cry primal , watch dogs2 , doom , battlefield 1 , cod infinite warfare , mafia 3 , rise of tomb radier ,, 
  in all those games i7 2600k outperforms much newer i5 4670k . 
  ... you can . 
  right corner - look for english flag . 
  if you are concerned about lack of space in dorm consider buildint miniitx . 
  consedering the old trope `` games do n't use more than 4 cores '' ... yes . 
  it outperforms i5 6600 . 
  not bad for the dreaded stepchild of buldozzer family . 
  scroll down for cpu test ... damn this game can even use 16threads pretty damn well ( i7 5960x getting 20 % more performance than i7 6700k ), 
  http://gamegpu.com/action-/-fps-/-tps/watch-dogs-2-test-gpu looks like the game manages to keep even 16 threads at high utilization . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i just wanted to point out that we are infact slowly but surely entering an era where game engines are starting to use more and more cores properly and lot of people still have this mindset that i7 will not improve your gaming performance . 
  benchmarks like these are why i am not really worried about zen having sligtly slower singlethread performance then kabylake ... who cares when you have games that can keep 16threads utilized . 
  i flaired it meta - another user suggested changing it to peasantry . 
  cant blame you for being sceptical , but yeah have to give credit to ubisoft for making an engine that can even use the 16threads of 5960x pretty damn well . 
  just upgraded 8350 to i7 4790 last week ... proceed to look at a bench where there is like 1fps difference between them ... feelsbadman :d, 
  just because rx480/gtx1060 cant manage to run 60fps at ultra 1080p doesnt mean its running poorly - looking at the screenshots the game looks pretty damn good . 
  as for cpu - looking at the benchmark you can get 60fps even on an i3/fx6300 . 
  i do n't think this counts as `` hysterically poor '' . 
  imo between fx-6300 and i5-2500k, 
  looking at the 5960x utilization it seems to utilize all 16threads at around 70 % . 
  the question is if at that point it is gpu bottlenecked or not . 
  we 'll see how much of it was due to dx11 inheritent single core limitations . 
  but yeah there is still amdahl 's law - you ca n't just add more cores ad infinitum . 
  well i got massive fps boost in cs : go so that was defnitely nice :-),
