  and i also enjoy that i can finally run onenote in window + onenote is upgraded and better than old . 
  this results in me having higher productivity when working . 
  + there is also the dx 12 support that will come soon to games . 
  `` who the fuck uses `` apps '' on a desktop lmao '', 
  i do . 
  onenote is such a great app it helps me keep my notes synchronized across multiple devices and its propably the best app for writing down with stylus on my 2 in 1 . 
  i also enjoy the new app to view images . 
  is it even possible to play cs at such speeds ? 
  and i though i was dying when i had to endure 1mbit/s ... even went to the trouble of cracking nearby wep ap to get little bit faster :d, 
  do you live in like a very rural area or how cant you get something better ? 
  btw : my story how i `` fixed '' my connection at home - i started working for an isp and built a solo ptp link just for me :d ... now i enjoy 50mbit/s half duplex ( 50mbit total doesnt matter if up or down ), 
  well i live `` right next to you '' - czech republic and we have plenty of small/medium size isps here that take care of the villages and small towns mostly through wireless connections ( 5ghz , 10ghz , 80ghz band ) . 
  kinda strange the same isnt happening where you live . 
  what do we want ? 
  more money !, 
  give us some internet money !, 
  :d :d, 
  i am against it cause :, 
  1 ) drug testing takes time and tournaments are notorious for having delays even without them . 
  2 ) if it aint broke do n't fix it . 
  like seriously nobody really complained up until recently and everything is just fine . 
  3 ) even if substances like adderal can give little advantages , its nothing huge and perfectly fine substances like caffeine , nicotine and taurine can have bigger effect - and i do n't see nobody complaining about them . 
  what happened to wanting to see the best possible cs anyway . 
  its just a fucking game . 
  if the players get arrested thats on them and on the org that pays him - its not esl problem . 
  just because something is `` illegal '' does n't mean there is anything wrong with it . 
  `` we all want e-sport to be a recognized sport '' why ? 
  anyway if esl wanted to be taken seriously they would just take the anti doping measures that world chess federation uses . 
  not this huge complicated document that prohibits steroids / marihuana and other bs that has nothing to do with performance enhacement in cs . 
  because esl . 
  i am starting to dislike esl more and more ... 
  this is just a joke . 
  if they wanted to make tests for the sake of fairness and not just stupid `` we want to be proffesional sport '' and b.s. 
  like this , they would just adopt the parts that world chess federation is using - banning stuff that has performance enhancing effects on cognition ( adderal , meth and similar stuff ) . 
  no they instead go and ban everyfucking thing on the list including steroids ( i guess flusha is now fucked cause he wont be able to lift his mouse so much - he 'd get fatigued lelelelelle ) , weed and stuff that has no positive effects . 
  2psu will be cheaper , safer and less complicated for wiring . 
  lets give them some credits . 
  they say caused by `` capitalist regimes '' = governments that are capitalist . 
  not caused by capitalism . 
  of course but you have to understand that the left defines `` capitalism '' very differently than we do . 
  or you could just go to the shop and steal the disc ... 
  just because something is easy doesnt mean its moral, 
  ok just theoretically shouldnt he be free to damage it or destroy it since its trespassing on his property ? 
  devils advocate - children have always worked ... 
  i did help on our ( very small ) family farm since very young age and started parttime working on weekends ( construction shop ) since i was 15y . o. 
  all this helped me to learn the neccesary skills and work ethic and made the man i am now . 
  and its a lot easier to hire somebody that worked his entire life than some kid straight out of college who has never seen work in his life ... 
  anybody who thought it makes sense had zero networking knowledge anyway :-), 
  exactly . 
  try to get an old am2 ( athlon 64 ) machine . 
  you can ussually get them for next to nothing - then upgrade the bios ( majority of am2 boards are compatible with am3 cpus after bios update ) . 
  then just buy am3 cpu from ebay ( something like phenom 8650 or athlon ii x3 are super cheap and pretty good ) . 
  and 4gb of ddr2 amd ram is almost free on ebay ( like 10 $ ) . 
  you could even get ssd and still get under 100 $ . 
  or some cheap gpu . 
  tldr : drivers are big topic in both camps :d, 
  7950 is essentially r9 280 . 
  and r9 280 is similar performance wise to r9 380 so you are good to go :-), 
  i am using 7970ghz edition and have no problem running new games at 1080p ( not all maxed out but almost highest settings 60fps are ussualy not a problem ), 
  you know you are stupid when you ban drugs that have zero effects on e-sports such as anabolic steroids and recreational drugs ... but you allow the one drug that was the problem in the first place ( adderal ) . 
  who wants to use adderall will just get prescription and you just fucked all the people who like to have a spliff after a game ... 
  also its really funny that we have a anti-doping before a proper anti-cheat in a esportts game . 
  shows the priorities . 
  esl is the new riot . 
  exactly . 
  relevant :, 
  `` taking down the yellow star is illegal for jews and punishable by dead . 
  if they want to live in the third reich they should respect the law . '', 
  sorry mate just because its `` the law '' , does n't mean its good/moral or worthy of respect . 
  i respect private property and non-agression principle . 
  i sure as hell do n't respect laws banning victimless crimes . 
  i am not marihuana user myself but if somebody wants to do it its his body and not my bussiness . 
  you can compare specs only in one family of cpus ( i.e. 
  ortherwise use benchmarks to get idea how they compare across different workloads . 
  by that logic nobody should live nowhere . 
  cause there is atleast one law amongst the millions you disagree with . 
  honestly i am not sure if that is true . 
  just because medical marihuana is legal where you live does n't mean that you wo n't be prosecuted for it in let say dubai . 
  even if it had destroyed jobs who cares ... it made our lives much much better, 
  inb4 politicians claiming they have right to have their promises and scandals forgotten so they can run again after 10 years without being ridiculed . 
  tldr : bo1 for majors are fucking lame . 
  if you dont want to learn something thats free then go ahead and buy something thats not but dont steal it . 
  why should you be mad at microsoft ? 
  if their product wasnt worth that much people wouldnt buy it . 
  :d :d :d `` gaming hdmi cable '' you made my day bro, 
  well i was at katowice 2015 and i wished they 'd made the tickets more expensive cause it was so fricking packed you could hardly move at times . 
  ( especially the in the first stages before they moved in to spodek arena ), 
  well this year in katowice before they were in the spodek arena you couldnt hear shit cause it was too quiet ( or more like everything else was too loud ) . 
  yeah ... 
  i am hyped for dreamhack with thoorin . 
  this is too sanitized . 
  i fucking cringed when rain was telling `` funny story '' about how they had tan lines on the head with maikalelel ... yea sure like there werent actually funny moments ... 
  rigged . 
  well it could be bo2 and they could like you know not have technical issuess all the time so they start every match late . 
  actually it does . 
  there were bunch of bo2 few months ago on csgl ( cant remember the tournament ) . 
  the rules were simple -, 
  the number of maps you win is your amount of points and the team with least points in their group loses . 
  not a bug https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xpf1/t31.0-8/11893904_831784563603161_4340858907461383727_o.jpg, 
  but still amazing to imagine that we live in a world where you have everything at your fingerprints ... it takes 4 minutes to download a game .
