  did n't treat packets differently based on who sent them , what type of traffic it is and so on ) which is at odds with the idea of network neutrality then yes - your neithbors downloading would totally affect your speed . 
  99 % users of internet use shared media - that means there is not a dedicated line from their home to the internet . 
  without treating packets differently ( i.e. 
  slowing down neighbor when he went over the allocated speed he was sold ) he would just use up all of that shared media . 
  yes and so is any sensible person with background in networking . 
  and he then proceeds to buy m249 :d, 
  why ? 
  esl is literally cancer, 
  indeed :d, 
  well this is `` discrete graphics '' so no apus . 
  not sure how the law is in the us . 
  but in czech republic where i live the ccw law trumps all the wishes of property owner . 
  you can carry concealed basically everywhere except in courts . 
  and yes i do carry into restaurants/bars - i do n't drink liquir when i do that though, 
  i do n't understand what are you implying, 
  so you think without government there would be massive welfare programs ? 
  actually some compromise like `` you dont get any welfare benefits when you immigrate unless you first work for x amount of years '' would be pretty easy sell imo . 
  even today . 
  we should definitely ostracize moochers . 
  its not the part about accepting free shit its the part when they then protest that they didnt get enough want more and riot and break stuff . 
  human garbage is a little bit rough . 
  i 'd give you that . 
  cpu coolers ? 
  really if you are talking aircooler than its just a bloody hunk of metal with a fan and you can always buy a new fan for the fraction of price of whoel cooler :-), 
  yeah well why should they give a fuck what is hapening there ? 
  media is a bussiness - people dont read what they dont care about and lot more people care about shit happening in their backyard than shit happening halfway around the world ... 
  lot of western countries are similar culturally to france . 
  so even if its not literrally backyard it still feels close to home . 
  only con of highdensity memory as far as i know is compatibility . 
  ... you do n't want the government in charge of educating the new generation . 
  history is on our side - you get indoctrination left and right starting with hitlerjugend to the bullshit my parents were taught in communist schools ( for example that the us is dropping bugs from planes on our crops to starve us ... ) to the `` european '' education eu is pushing - i.e. 
  they are teaching kids how eu is great ... like really wtf . 
  even the purpose behind the first `` public '' schools was to teach discipline so kids would grow up to be good soldiers ... 
  fuck government schools . 
  slow internet does not neccesarilly mean high latency . 
  exactly . 
  if i was in the ops situation and they asked me i would fucking laugh at their asses . 
  i love all the people saying stuff like `` you really need to be looking for advice on how best to say no and still keep them as friends . '', 
  why the hell would anybody want to keep such a shit mooching `` friends '' . 
  serves him right begging assholes . 
  if he didnt block someone would give gold to him :-p, 
  imo there isnt much you can do . 
  i would get a good aftermarket cooler and overclock that cpu . 
  good job government schools . 
  i mean indoctrination centers, 
  obvious troll is obvious :-) gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  `` thinking about the ecology it makes sense to use conventional thermal paste . 
  gold and indium are rare and expensive materials . 
  mining of these materials is complex and in addition it 's polluting . '', 
  if you want `` ecology '' then turn off your pc and go outside lel . 
  actually 280x - aka the 7970 came out in january 2012, 
  r9 280x or as it was called before the rebrand hd 7970 came out ... drumroll please jan 9 , 2012 ... 
  380x should be few % faster than 280x - it has the same number of compute units but improved gcn . 
  tesselation particulary was improved with new gcn . 
  well yeah but 380x should have delta color compression so the bandwidth shouldnt be such an issue . 
  atleast theoretically, 
  no point in particular . 
  just pointing out the gpu is older . 
   big tech breakthroughs, 
  14nm manufactoring process for gpus and amd cpus . 
  it should offer massive advantage over the now 5 years old 28nm, 
  yeah but 380x should have delta color compression to offset the lower mem bandwidth . 
  atleast theoretically, 
  `` regret over a sexual encounter equals rape '' . 
  damn than i guess when i regret over the pizza that i bought it is in fact a robbery ... 
  britain was lost long time ago . 
  `` the proletariat do n't always work `` willingly '' . 
  many people are forced to sell their labor in order to survive , so for many people it 's a choice between work or starvation . 
  they do n't have much of a choice . '', 
  so what ? 
  thats how nature works . 
  socialist sure changed ... from lenin 's `` he who does not work , neither shall he eat '' to todays everyone deserves everything for free and should not work . 
  athlon 5350 has same uarch as consoles and you can run cinebench on that . 
  if you adjust for frequency assuming linear scaling . 
  then jaguar wins at mt tests ( make sense as they are full cores as opposed to modules ) but is little bit slower in singlethreaded tests . 
  ofcourse this is kinda pointless as you ca n't have jaguar running at those frequencies . 
  what the hell is wrong with people today ?!, 
  ... what a shit generation of cunts who think the world turns around them and that they have a right to everything . 
  be fucking humble and do n't touch other people shit . 
  why the heck do they have 2 wifi aps on top of each other ? 
  well since they are both connected as a bridge having separate passwords and ssids would make no sense as they would still be connecting to the same network ... :d, 
  the only possible smart explanation is that one of the routers is 5ghz while the other is 2,4 ghz . 
  ( or one is only for legacy 802.11 g clients . ), 
  yeah i know people like that :-), 
  step 1 spend the least possible, 
  step 2 complain when you get what you paid for . 
  anyway i just realized that maybe just maybe the one wifi is just acting as cable modem and has its wifi disabled - that would made sense as lot of those isp delivered cable modems have pretty shitty ap capabilities . 
  honestly there is nothing wrong with double nat :-) ... you are gon na see it more and more with less ipv4s to go around :-), 
  i work in the industry and i sure as hell hope that ipv6 wont become the standard anytime soon . 
  to me the design of the standard seems as if it was done by theoretical people not by engineers . 
  ipv6 is overly complex its basically like taking a nuke to kill a fly . 
  the amount of adresses is beyond ridicilous and longer adresses mean bigger overhead . 
  its incompatible . 
  compatibility is a trait that majority of standards that were adopted quickly share . 
  that is why usb beat firewire even when firewire was faster . 
  it would be much easier and much more likely to get wide adoption to just basically do a cleanup of ipv4 - using the currently unused spaces in the header to carry few more bits so we could get longer adresses ( such as 255.255.255.255.255 ) that way we would have more than enough adresses . 
  doing it that way would keep compatibility ( obviously not 100 % but good enough ) . 
  ipv6 throws out major networking concepts such as nat , which has potential security concerns . 
  and now the major reason that the change to ipv6 isnt comming anytime soon is ... 
  it is n't profitable .
