  holy shit . 
  i just booted up homm3 hd edition and i had to cringe after watching the prerendered cinematics . 
  holy sh * t we have come a long long way :-), 
  well since they did pretty damn good at the major and secured spot for the next major i do n't think they are gon na disband . 
  i do n't like being a an asshole but somebody should propably buy her a treadmill . 
  coz he 's the best ? 
  agreed . 
  james + ddk + thoorin, 
  tsm is kil :-(, 
  i bought ikea arkelstorp and i am very happy with it . 
  plenty of space for dual monitors and huge mousepad :-), 
  i was in katowice this year and you can bet your sweet ass that fnatic was booed after they won the final . 
  well it was nip vs fnatic so not really nationalism :-) but yeah, 
  you are actually 100 % correct . 
  honestly i dont really mind major final being bo3 but i do mind that the group stage was bo1 ... 
  yeah the semis game fnatic vs vp was imho much better :-) this was kinda underwhelming . 
  especiialy that cobble map ... poor kennys, 
  pronax : `` ok guys if we do n't winn this i am gon na decapitate this beatiful innocent puppy !, 
  * shows picture * '', 
  fnatic : oh my god please no !!!, 
  * everyone proceeds to play out of his mind *, 
  imo bo3 is good enough . 
  what is concerning me more is that the group stage was bo1 . 
  really gobbing close !, 
  dhw14 olofpass boost, 
  5 . krimz , flusha and jw just look unfriendly . 
  i know its shallow as fuck but yeah 1st glance is what is enough for most people . 
  more like hate towards specific life-style ... or you can say it the non-pc way - fat shaming . 
  it wasnt boring but it would have been a heck lot more fun if esl got rid of all the buttoned up mouths and got thoorin , ddk and james . 
  also the final ( map2 ) was kinda underwhelming otherwise the matches were great . 
  i wasnt saying that is not possible - ofcourse it is possible . 
  but honestly i think that bo5 is kinda overkill - the game can be so ridicilously long 4 + hours . 
  the players get tired and i as a viewer get kind of tired - every round is less important coz teams can drop 2 maps . 
  and the better team ussually wins in a bo3 anyway . 
  i would prefer keeping the final bo3 but making a diffent group stage format and no random map selection . 
  keep it clean !, 
  they simply arent very likable - its a mix of looks , some former behavior and then there the obvious salt from the tears of fanbois after they beat their favorite team . 
  i dunno he just looks unfriendly with that hat cant really put a finger on it . 
  its nothing that he has done i bet he 's a great guy its just that he looks that way - atleast to me . 
  yes indeed i never said they are unfriendly - they just look that way . 
  as somebody who uses onenote a lot + having dual monitors i am very happy with it . 
  10/10 would watch and buy chicken mcnuggets holders to put next to their redbull holders !, 
  keep it clean its a family show !, 
  if she doesnt like it why doesnt she `` git out '' ... right ? 
  actually this is a better way to do this . 
  1 ) its lot easier to reinstall os - you keep data and programs separate, 
  2 ) thanks to the way how hdds work you will get more performance ( the farest you are from the center of the disk the faster the head can read data - simple physics ) . 
  so by partitioning one high-perf partition and putting speed sensitive things on it you will get better performance . 
  its not a huiuuge difference but its something . 
  only a few :d, 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  screw you roman !!, 
  even more silly is when self-proclaimed `` right-wing '' party is pushing for shit like that . 
  cause outlawing work is obviously good thing ... yeah sucks to live in europe where the only choice in politics you get is between `` left-wing '' crazy socialist or the `` right-wing '' centrist socialist . 
  as a `` gun nut '' i have to say that this is simply too unrealistic and it hurts the eyes :-( glock was like the first popular weapon with `` plastic '' frame . 
  pistol with a wood frame ? 
  that is just silly . 
  beatiful !, 
  it sure does . 
  but this is kinda somethign that just wouldnt work ( the gun would break very very soon ) - keep in mind that the frame is hollow inside and its what holds every part together . 
  if you could for instance do lets say p250 or usp with wooden grips ( just grips not frame ) that would be something else - and something that a lot of people would pay money :-), 
  like this http://s32.photobucket.com/user/drshame/media/rocogrips.jpg.html, 
  simple p250 skin is imho what is missing in this game . 
  if my 7970ghz supported freesync i would be really thinking about getting this :-) but i guess i am gon na wait for a new 16nm gpu before upgrading to freesync screen ( propably 1440p atleast ), 
  super cheap ( dont worry about used cpu i bought multiple used amd cpus including this one from ebay and never had any preoblems - shipping is free but you need your own cooler ) . 
  this cpu has passmark more than 2000 which means that its a pretty good cpu actually capable of running modern tasks . 
  ( obviously not playing games , but good enough for regular stuff ) . 
  that sempron is utter shite . 
  well in that case you can get even shittier one :-), 
  1.6 train !!!, 
  ( * smack * bad nostalgia bad bad ! ), 
  if we are talking about go then i much prefer the new train . 
  but shit it was 99 pounds !, 
  actually i do n't think the range is bad ... 
  i do n't want the games i play to dip below 50fps anyway ... and 76 hz ? 
  it sure does beat the 60 you find in similar price range . 
  screen tearing, 
  a ) you are quoting marketshare - which means gpus sold in the last quarter . 
  it doesnt mean gpus capable of playing that game . 
  b ) you are only quoting dgpus - async shaders can help igpus aswell . 
  c ) consoles . 
  consoles . 
  consoles . 
  at what wage . 
  plot twist : actual rank is silver 3 !, 
  yeah thats the one thing that isnt totally fucked up here ... czech republic is like almost the only country in europe where concealed carry is perfectly legal and where you can own almost any semiautomatic rifle/handgun without stupid restrictions . 
  ( you do need to have a permit though and you have to register your guns ... ), 
  yep it was corrective eye surgery . 
  i paid + -1400 $ for both eyes ( that price included eye drops you use afterwards and a rayban sunglasses you have to wear for first few days ) . 
  it was femdolasik surgery - very quick and painless and you can ussualy go home minutes after ( although i would not recomend driving ) . 
  the risks are said to be pretty small - only + - 1 % of people experience serious negative effects - and if that happens well though shit . 
  also the clinic would operate me again for free if it wasnt succesful ( for example i would still have lets say +0,5 on one of the eyes ) . 
  i went to oftum prague http://www.oftum.cz/en/ and i can only reccomend them . 
  if you went to eastern europe you could propably get it even cheaper though . 
  yep it was corrective eye surgery . 
  i paid + -1400 $ for both eyes ( that price included eye drops you use afterwards and a rayban sunglasses you have to wear for first few days ) . 
  it was femdolasik surgery - very quick and painless and you can ussualy go home minutes after ( although i would not recomend driving ) . 
  the risks are said to be pretty small - only + - 1 % of people experience serious negative effects - and if that happens well though shit . 
  also the clinic would operate me again for free if it wasnt succesful ( for example i would still have lets say +0,5 on one of the eyes ) . 
  i went to oftum prague http://www.oftum.cz/en/ and i can only reccomend them .
