  more like 2nd world . 
  i do n't think mantle is dead . 
  it is lower level api than directx can ever be ( because it is made for the gcn architecture ) . 
  also mantle opens lot of stuff that will be important in the future ( f.e. 
  you can use 2gpus without crossfire - that would be pretty sick - think about using kaveri with its gpu for computing all the stuff game needs with opencl and hsa and then a dedicated gpu for the eye candy . 
  hate to break it to you guys but imho it makes sense . 
  those games are not about visuals and the audience for sport games are casual gamers who ussualy have laptops or old hardware and if using older engine means more of those people will be able to play it thats great news for them . 
  i do n't know many people with powerful gaming pcs who are really crazy about sports games sooo . 
  you lucky bastard !, 
  it doesnt work on all am3 boards just on some of the newer ones with 890 chipsets that have bios support on it ( also be sure to flash the new bios before sticking new cpu in ) . 
  but you have the same mobo as me so yes 8350 works !!, 
  95xx doesnt because they need some beastly mobo that can deliver 220w - but they are just better binned 8350s anyway so chances are you will be able to overclock your 8350 to get close to that performance . 
  right now i am running fx8350 at that same mobo undervolted and slightly overclocked ( 1.344 v 4.2 ghz vs 1.35 v 4ghz ) ( i do n't want to push it though because my psu is older and also am3 misses some voltage regulation thingies am3 + has so there is a possibility that you ca n't overclock your 8350 as much as on new board ) . 
  well i am gon na have to wait for that for like a decade until we have ps4 emulator :-) cause i am not buying ps4 just for one game when i have top notch gaming pc for all the multiplats . 
  and playing shooter on a gamepad just sucks imho . 
  played it hadnt had that much impact on me . 
  but ok game . 
   hock infinte 's story is pretty g, 
  could n't get into bioshock one so i missed the sequels . 
  do you think i would enjoy infinite if i hadnt enjoyd bioshock 1 at all ? 
  good stories in general, 
  no such thing as `` best router for gaming '' . 
  if you want really stable router that will work and work and work get a mikrotik . 
  but expect to learn a little bit about networking cause they are n't noob friendly . 
  other than that almost any router that is n't dirt cheap will work for you great . 
  just know what features you want and choose accordingly . 
  exactly . 
  well that board has support for 140w cpus ... so i think it should handle 125w 8350 just ok ... :-), 
  very happy with it it runs considerably faster in games ( i was cpu bottlenecked with my 7970ghz edition ) and i do n't need to have it overclocked so it runs sooo much cooler therefore almost silent . 
  cs : go i used to have around 180-200 now i get up to 250 ( and i bumped to aa more too ) . 
  wolfenstein new order was 40-60 now its smooth 60 all the time ( at the same settings ) . 
  gpu utilization ( use msi afterburner to see it ) jumped a lot in some games . 
  is n't that the turbo feature working though ? 
  anyway i am running my 8350 very conservatively - without turbo , undervolted @ 4.2 ghz and considering i have been running my phenom x4 965 overclocked to the thermal limits and everything was just fine i think it will be ok . 
  hmm i gave it a chance twice ... both times the gameplay felt clunky and it just plainly sucked - uninstalled it after playing like 2 hours . 
  imho it should - for example newest bios on my mobo only officialu supports first buldozer cpus ( 8120 and so on ) no mention of piledriver ( they werent out yet ) . 
  yet it works perfectly well and recognizes my fx8350 . 
  well i have asus m4a89gtd pro usb3 - its an old board made for am3 but it has beta bios support for buldozer . 
  my board has support for 140w phenoms so it handles the power delivery for 125w cpus just fine :-), 
  save your money and wait for new amd 20nm architecture or go intel if you need the best performance right now . 
  imho your 6300 is good enough and i would n't buy another board if you have one that works . 
  if you are worried for vrms and stufff like that on your mobo just get another fan to blow at it and be done with it . 
  there wo n't be any new cpus ( like really new not just vishera refresh ) for am3 + . 
  realeasing 28nm shp steamroller would be pointless because what you would gain with architectural improvements you would lose with lower clocks due to the nature of bulk silicon . 
  and redoing steamroller for 32nm soi would be too expensive and kinda like going backwards . 
  so they need a proper manufacturing process before they can make better fx cpu , and by the time tsmc / glofo make that happen it will be too late for am3 + - between ddr4 , pcie 3.0 the chipset will just be too old . 
  there is no point of releasing 28nm shp steamroller fx as what you would gain on improved architecture you would lose because of lower clocks due to shp process . 
  and reworking steamroller for 32nm soi would be kinda like going back and it would cost lot of money which amd can spend elsewhere . 
  so amd has to wait for glofo / tsmc to get a better manufacturing proccess . 
  and by the time that happens am3 + will be too old ( its kinda old now - no native usb3 / pci-e 2.0 / ddr3 1866 ) . 
  so there wo n't be any truly new fx cpus for am3 + . 
  so saying stuff like `` amd is abandoning enthusiast cpu market and focusing on apus '' is kinda bs they are just working with what they have and doing what they can right now . 
  well theoretically usb3 has more than enough bandwidth for regular hdd . 
  there can be higher cpu usage though . 
  but i do n't think you will have any major problems . 
  imho just negligible differences . 
  its easy to overspend on a mouse ... just pick one that is good enough adn most importantly fits your hand . 
  as for a keyboard - either get a mechanical one or some cheap standard keyboard ... those `` gaming keyboards '' ( that are not mechanical ) are giant ripoff . 
  will it impact your game a lot ? 
  propably not unless you had a really crappy gear . 
  mechanical keyboards can have lots of different types of mechanical switches . 
  most common are cherry mx blues , reds , blacks and browns . 
  blues make that famous clicky sound and have a tactile feedback and are best for writing . 
  reds make no sound by themselves and dont have tactile feedback ( you dont feel a `` bump '' when pressing them ) . 
  browns dont make a sound but have a tactile feedback . 
  blacks are just like reds but little harder to press . 
  best thing is to find a place where you can try different keyboards and find out what fits you most . 
  i have a cherry mx red keyboard ( tesoro darundal ) , and it feels great for me . 
  even typing is great ( you need to get used to it though - cause at first you will make lot more mistakes . ), 
  true but 28nm shp does n't scale well to higher frequencies so you would basically give away all the fantastic overclocking hedroom fx cpus have now . 
  its more about tsmc/glofo vs intel . 
  amd has the architecture and everything it just doesnt have manufacturing process to put it out . 
  fx 8350 was very competitive when it came out 2years ago . 
  do you understand amd can not release steamroller fx right now ? 
  they do n't have manufacturing procces to do it !, 
  theoretically the could 've made 28nm shp steamroller fx , but all the gains in performance due to better architecture would be gone cause of lower clocks due to shp procces . 
  it would be a waste of resources and bunch of angry fans to release chip like this . 
  and reworking steamroller for 32nm is even crazier . 
  we wo n't get any truly new amd high end cpu until tsmc or glofo steps up their game and get good manufacturing procces . 
  and there is nothing amd can do about it . 
  so stop hating on amd . 
  kaveri is 28nm shp - which is procces tuned for better power consumption but lower clocks . 
  it doesnt scale well into high clocks - so in the end you would have a chip which would be + - the same performance like 32 soi piledriver - granted it would be more power efficient but you would n't be able to overclock it . 
  do you think a chip like this would make amd fans happy ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it would be pointless spending of money that amd can use elsewhere . 
  yup , pretty . 
  ( but there are some rumors that tsmc / glofo are gon na skip 20nm and get straight to 14nm ) . 
  i 'd wait because even if 860k is n't that better it will propably mean 760k will get cheaper . 
  all that computational power goes to securing transactions . 
  so its not wasted ... 
  sure post it :-), 
  i am using my old cooler - scythe ninja 3 - 1kg of aluminium :d runs beatifuly cool and silently ( i havent overclocked much yet cause i am also using my old am3 mobo ( 890fx ) which with a bios upgrade supports am3 + ( and i do n't want to go crazy on the vrms ) and also i am limited by my psu ( running hd7970 ghz + 8350 so yeah my 620w seasonic is close to its limits ), 
  currently running it undervolted @ 4.2 ( so very slight overclock ) . 
  how ?!, 
  :d the stock cooler is pretty damn easy to install / get off compared to some aftermarket ones . 
  yes :d you we even have basically the same gpus ( i run hd 7970 ghz edition which was rebranded as 280x ), 
  do n't know if you are aware of it but some of am3 motherboards are compatible with fx cpus ( with a bios update ) . 
  this was actually my case and that is why i upgraded - i did n't really need more performance that much , overclocked 965 was enough , but not having to buy a new mobo was a dealchanger for me . 
  nope , little older :-) socket 462 duron,
