  actually the only thing that article mentions is that initially amd will have only 8-core die . 
  which makes total sense as later on they will propably release 4-core apu version . 
  the apu version will then propably be binned for lowend ( dual-core / maybe triple core ) . 
  also just because they will have 8core-die doesnt mean no 4-core cpus from that die . 
  current fx is a 8core-die aswell and there are quad core variants sold . 
  it depends on yields . 
  it is very well possible that there will be a quadcore zen cpu from the 8-core die which will be later on replaced by binned apu with gpu defects . 
  simply said we do n't know much yet - however this was expected . 
  there is simple very little market for quadcore without gpu . 
  ( octocores without gpu go into servers and quads with gpu go into laptops ), 
  the article doesnt say that there will be no quad core zen products . 
  only that amd is making only one zen die initially which is 8-cores . 
  its obvious - as that is the die for server and enthusiaist markets . 
  the second die will be for mainstream and laptops and that will propably be 4-cores and gpu ( = = apu ) . 
  it would make little sense to design quad-core cpu only die as the only market would be budget pc builders and maybe some oem . 
  - not enough sales to garant making a die - they can serve those markets with cut-down parts . 
  are you sure ? 
  i know for a fact that bulldozer had all models binned from the 8-core die . 
  i am not so sure about piledriver though . 
  ( lets not mix up the apu variants . ), 
  ... 980ti has a lot more stream processors . 
  you can still get modern newly made motherboard with com / lpt - you just have to look for it ... on the other hand good luck with getting a new mobo that still has floppy controller :-), 
  `` according to the times , one of the measures of mental health stability would be whether beneficiaries could handle their own finances or not . '', 
  based on this the federal government should be prohibited from having guns ... . yeah lets disarm the police and military :-) ;-), 
  truth be told it propably wouldnt matter at all in this performance class . 
  well they already have a bigger die ( the gp100 ) so its only matter of they before they release it for regular customers in the form of titan . 
  once the yields get good that it becomes profitable to do so theyll do it . 
  no r&d cost \u00ednvolved - theyd be stupid not to . 
  will it happen in eight months ? 
  we dont know . 
  it has around 30 % higher firestrike score according to the benches i 've seen but those might have been bs . 
  i am expecting 1070 be + -980 ti level which is just fine with 6gb, 
   linus tech tips, 
  yeah they are the epitome of unbiased reviewing :-), 
  the apple chip was designed on earlier different versions of both processes so not sure you can extrapolate from that . 
  most people do . 
  however presenting new highend gpu playing in 1080p is kinda stupid imo . 
  qhd/4k should be standard for highend, 
  although are you aware that nvidia is not using 14nm ? 
  and are you also aware that while nvidia has to compete with other companies such as apple for the 16nm capacity amd doesnt ? 
  you know why ? 
  because amd has this two-edged sword called wsa - wafer sourcing agreement with global foundries which gives them the top priority . 
  and amd has wsa on top of it so there is no competing for volume - amd has priority for glofo wafers . 
  yup but that was n't the point of the post was it ? 
  really ? 
  i was mostly trying to debunk the claim about avaliability . 
  because he claimed that nvidia will have priority using 14nm . 
  well i sold my hd7970 ghz in preparation for polaris and got a gtx630 ( the kepler one ) for very cheap as a stand in ... not sure why everyone is praising nv into heaven for drivers but since i have the green card cs : go started causing issues - when i alt tab out of it the sound sometimes gets fucked ( music keeps looping over and over again , or i hear sound from far away like they were happening right next to me . ), 
  i know this is just my experience and its not statistically significatn at all but yeah i guess grass is n't always greener on the other side of the fence . 
  ( pun intended ), 
  ah i guess it just happened to coincide with it . 
  stupid stuff happens together all the time . 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  so basically its just a smart way to deal with initial shortages - lets sell the reference for 700 $ and after few weeks the aftermarket cards from aib will drop for cheaper price . 
  those who do n't want to wait will pay higher price - a lot of people will wait and we ca n't be called out for paperlaunching ( ok they can but not in a major way ) . 
  i have to commend them for their marketing skills . 
  imo its just a smart way to deal with initial shortages ( new manufacturing process after all ) - lets sell the reference for 700 $ and after few weeks the aftermarket cards from aib will drop for cheaper price - the time will help us get enough cards stocked . 
  those who do n't want to wait will pay higher price - a lot of people will wait and they ca n't be called out for paperlaunching ( ok they can but not in a major way ) . 
  i have to commend them for their marketing skills . 
  paying 700 for midrange card . 
  well that is not smart . 
  i still find it hard to believe that amd would continue to sell fury as its highend - after all those chips are huge , expensive to manufacture and nobody in their right mind would buy them when they could buy a 14nm . 
  i think they will make some highbinned overclocked ( at the price of power efficiency ) variant of polaris 10 ( maybe with gddr5x ? ), 
  to equal fury x and combat 1070 . r9 385x maybe ? 
  well you look at the die size and see . 
  gtx 1080 has die size of 294mm . 
  which is the usual die size for mid range product on past generations . 
  with few exceptions the usual die size for a flagship cards for last decade since 90nm was between 500mm-600mm . 
  + we already know nvidia has bigger pascal card so by definition 1080 is not a flagship . 
  well you look at the die size and see . 
  gtx 1080 has die size of 294mm . 
  which is the usual die size for mid range product on past generations . 
  with few exceptions the usual die size for a flagship cards for last decade since 90nm was between 500mm-600mm . 
  + we already know nvidia has bigger pascal card so by definition 1080 is not a flagship . 
  gtx 610 with active cooler . 
  the cards fan can not be regulated so its unholy loud at all times . 
  some am3 + motherboards still support ide . 
  so you can theoretically use it :-), 
  i love my deathadder its a great looking mouse with perfect optical sensor and fits my hand great ... but yeah the quality is shite . 
  mine is not even 2 years old and i already had to repair it twice - i had to solder in a new lmb switch as the old one was broken and caused double clicking . 
  and now recently i had to service my middle mouse button as it stopped clicking at all - drop of wd40 fixed it though . 
  this is in no means free movement of labor . 
  what germany and other eu countries are proposing is infact forced redistribution and centralization of eu power . 
  they are taking refugees who want to go to lets say germany and forcibly moving them into other eu countries . 
  eh not really . 
  i see vega as tweaked improved polaris ( nothin all that major ) afterall how else do explain the huge perf/watt jump on amd slides ? 
  eh not really . 
  i see vega as tweaked improved polaris ( nothin all that major ) afterall how else do explain the huge perf/watt jump on amd slides ? 
  i am 99 % sure its tweaked puma/jaguar ported to 14nm . 
  why ? 
  backwards compatibility and cost . 
  i do n't remembeed where i read it but supposedly jaguar is cpu design largely made by automated tools so supposedly porting it is not all that hard and expensive . 
  and its not only sony that will want 14nm jaguar - microsoft will propably aswell . 
  and remember jaguar is not some old bad obsolete design it actually fares pretty damn good against atoms despite the node disadvantage . 
  porting it to 14nm mihgt be worthwhile for other semicustom wins . 
  democracy is persecution . 
  its just that not the majority of people is persecuted - they are the ones doing the persecuting . 
  you expect amd to launch a card or disclose new information on reddit ? 
  on fucking reddit ? 
  lol top kek,
