  a couple months after pascal is released , there will be the next big thing . 
  sure - but since we have been now 4 years stuck on the same proccessing node ( 28nm ) and next gen will finally be on better manufactoring process ( 14nm ) we should see bigger jump compared to previous generations ( + there is also hbm ), 
  my edc :, 
  glock 43 - 9mm single stack filled with fiochi black mamba ( damn wish we could carry hollow points but stupid laws here forbid it . ), 
  leatherman crater c33t, 
  phone with flashlight functionality, 
  yup but even then the die size is getting smaller . 
  group a has lot of sexual partners and drinks a beer everyday . 
  group b has 1 sexual partner and goes around stabbing and killing people but doesnt drink . 
  otherwise they are the same . 
  according to this studdy group a is worse ... . yeah total bullshit . 
  process shrink has nothing to do with ipc, 
  90 + % servers run linux almost 100 % phones run linux , 100 % of macs run linux . 
  it has worked pretty damn well, 
  that is the product of rape culture / s :d, 
  sorry my bad i was wrong . 
  i am expecting thuban vs lynnfield all over again . 
  i expect though that the multithread performance advantage will be much more important than back then . 
  `` bought the two ** assault rifles ** three years ago that wound up being used in the shooting . '', 
  what a bunch of bs . 
  dear nbc learn what a term means before you spew it . 
  well maybe thats the point innit ? 
  i 'd rather be on the safer side and have perfectly stable system . 
  you meant semi-automatic sporting rifle :-) right ? 
  right ? 
  cause thats what was used . 
  they made much bigger difference performance wise in laptop configuration than they could in desktop . 
  because of high-density libraries . 
  excavator based apu is coming soon for am4 ( not sure if they are gon na release it for fm2 + aswell ), 
  nailed it . 
  simply three years ago was the era of ps3 and xbox360 . 
  ps3 had 256mb of vram . 
  xbox360 512mb . 
  now consoles have 8gb of unified ram . 
  devs are simply trying to use every bit of performance those consoles have and i would imagine storing more stuff in vram as opposed to loading it as you go ( especially with slow cpu and laptop hdds ) can gain some very needed fps . 
  i dont want to be a dick but i am kinda laughing right now with my 3gb hd 7970 :p :p, 
  atheros based chipsets are ussually the best . 
  people these days are so bloody entitled ... 
  `` no court decision prohibits the resale on the second-hand market games bought online , and the european court has even explicitly stated that it 's possible to resell software which , let 's remember , is an integral part of a video game . '', 
  yes you idiots , there is no law that prohibits it but you are making a contract with steam whereby you say that you wo n't resell the stuff . 
  contracts have nada to do with consumer rights . 
  and you have no right to break given contract . 
  nobody forces you to sign it and use steam in the first place . 
  dude its comming from a country with openly socialist government . 
  economic feasibility has nothing to do with those people :-) :-), 
  the punisher, 
  inb4 in 2 years 970 owners will post the same shit while those who bought 390s will laugh . 
  why should a law come between the voluntary transaction of two free individual human beings ? 
  they do n't hurt anybody and its entirely voluntary . 
  law like that should be repealled . 
  i do n't see how government limiting your choices over which contracts you can make is a `` right . '', 
  or you know you could like just release the server software so anybody can host ... like every fucking pc game used to do . 
  yeah well look at it also in the other way ... the `` hacked '' servers were how counter-strike was created . 
  it was how team fortress was created . 
  and how lot of other mods or just ways of play were created - talking just a about counter-strike - there was surf , zombie mods , jailbreak , deathmatch , gungame and so many of gamemodes that would never exist without server client . 
  those servers even implemented better anticheat that was what valve originally had . 
  i wouldnt call that exceptions same can be said for quake , unreal , arma ( dayz even spawned an entirely new game genre ) , killing floor , red orchestra , older cod and so on ( just few games i own from the top of my head ) . 
  you can compare that with eas battlefield where every year you get the same rehashed shit without any mods and everything is a dlc . 
  i 'd say your case with diablo is an exception . 
  anyway i much prefer the model where you pay few bucks a month for dedicated servers than the stupid lobby finder bs you see in a lot of console ( and even pc ) titles . 
  i recently installed windows me on pentium 4 without any issues so that definitely works . 
  but imho you can go newer ( propably core 2 duo or phenom ), 
  i like to shoot every now and then and it sure goes along with mgtow self sufficient mindset.and you mean a lot of good people on the range, 
  maybe your router/switch or your cables dont support gigabit ... 
  `` amd did the same thing with their fx chips and look where that got them . '', 
  sort of but no not really . 
  the difference is that in 2011 when they released fx 8150 octa core against a quad the difference was really stupid because no games used that many cores and not a lot of software could . 
  now its 2016 and more and more software uses a cores better . 
  if they released lets say hexacore against a quad core ( or quad with ht against quad without ) or something along those lines it has a lot better chance of succeeding then before . 
  also remember that since zen will be without gpu then the die size can be smaller ( and therefore cheaper than intel parts since their igpu takes up a lot of space ) . 
  to be honest i 'd say that even a 8-core excavator chip if priced well ( and clocked high ) would be pretty damn competitive - and zen is suposed to be considerably better than that . 
  that was the case in 2011 ... not so much in 2016 - software changed a lot in those years . 
  lets say would you rather have a six core ivy bridge or a quad core skylake ? 
  because that is the difference we most likely are gon na see . 
  that is true but not to the extend of p4 . 
  yeah but williamete and northwood was n't the terrible design those were actually kinda ok . prescott was the one that sucked and that was 31 stages . 
  there will be bristol ridge apus ( excavator based cpu + gcn 1.2 with color compression + ddr4 ) in march . 
  it could be pretty good improvement + you get am4 platform into which you can then drop zen . 
  honestly i do n't see how amd can fuck up ... even just releasing a 8 core excavator which they already have would be a pretty sweet cpu . 
  just that has 36 % better mt ipc than current fx8350 . 
  if they succeed at the 40 % better ipc over excavator then we are looking at 90 % over fx8350 - essentially twice as fast . 
  honestly i do n't know if this is smart ... 
  i would not invest into am3 + now . 
  if he can wait until march than i would as then am4 boards with bristol ridge apus will come ( then he can buy some cheap excavator quadcore which he can upgrade to zen when time comes ) . 
  if not then i would propably get some cheapass refurbished workstation ( such as nehalem quadcore xeon ) and get a gpu . 
  this has the bonus that you essentaily will lose very little money when reselling it later . 
  i do n't see how i implied any of that.kaveri is steamroller which is 18 % better . 
  carrizo has + - 35 % better multithreaded ipc then vishera ( piledriver - current fx cpus ) . 
  steamroller has 18 % better mt ipc and excavator has 15 % better than steamroler ( that compounds to 35,7 % excavator over piledriver - which means that excavator ( carrizo ) clocked at 4ghz would equal fx clocked at 5,5 ghz ) . 
  which is pretty damn sweet . 
  sadly they are not likely to release 8-core parts - only 4core with/out igpu ( which is rumoured to happen in march ) . 
  amd says that zen will be 40 % better ipc over excavator - that means + -90 % better over current fx . 
  which means almost twice as fast . 
  good point . 
  i would hope that will be some transitional ddr3 motherboards as i am not yet ready to get rid of my ram for no real benefit . 
  right now i am running fx8350 and so i will definitely wait for zen reviews before upgrading it - my mobo especially needs upgrade as its an old am3 mobo that only works by a miracle as it has no official support for my cpu ... only a beta support for bulldozer  and i had to set every voltage manually as to not to have ridicilously overvolted chip which happens with default settings . 
  sadly this also has became my limiting factor because i ca n't overclock over 4,3 ghz - everything overthat causes throttling ( and its not issue of power or heat ) . 
  btw i would also like to point something which is not in this article - in march amd is rumoured to release bristol ridge apu + am4 platform for desktop ( + obviously there will be also chips without the igpu ) . 
  it is kinda in the shadows as everybody is looking for zen . 
  but still those excavator based quadcores could be pretty damn sweet chips .
