  close enough ) . 
  also passmark has singlethread score aswell . 
  its very nice you spend majority of your comment talking about gaming but op asked if there are any reasons to get fx to which i replied it has better multithreaded performance ( i.e. 
  if you can use all the cores its better ) , the other reason ofcourse would be if you have old mobo which happens to be compatible with it ... op didnt specifically asked about gaming . 
  if he asked is there any reason to get fx for gaming then the reply would be not really . 
  the most important thing is that it is sturdy so it doesnt move at all . 
  and that it is big . 
  the game is different now . 
  movement , guns and nades act differently . 
  its quicker overall . 
  there fore what worked before wont neccesarilly work now, 
  well in the perfect world it wouldnt matter as both teams get to play both sides anyway but in the real world an especially in mm it matters - if you play with randoms and are gettting rekt in the first half the morale will break and they become toxic i.e. 
  ruining any chance of winning the second half . 
  not the mention how much more important become pistol rounds - and basically everyone agrees how pistols are broken and suck currently . 
  with current video cards you do n't really lose performance 16x vs 8x it could become ( small ) issue if using some monster dual gpu . 
  get rid of dvd drive and buy beers instead !, 
  win win . 
  how to get windows essentially for free if your country has government payed colleges :, 
  - enroll in it course, 
  - get free windows licences from msdnaa, 
  - never actually go there, 
  ... ayn rand and i disagree :p, 
  i got to try ocullus rift @ iem katowice 2015 and it was amazing ... . now this looks even more cool !, 
  lol m8 i guess you do n't know what racism means ... 
  hd graphics ... or better yet get a proper gpu :-) you do n't need anything too crazy for cs :-), 
  the rumors are that 380 ( x ) will be tweaked version of 290 ( x ) - but what does `` tweak '' mean nobody knows . 
  they are calling the gpu differently though ( not hawai anymore ) so imho it wo n't be a straight rebrand with different clocks . 
  maybe they 'll bring it over to glofo to improve performance and power consumption ( glofo has better 28nm than tsmc ) ... 
  when i say cajun you say bottomfragger ? 
   going to be very interesting as well , assuming it 's priced around $ 200 . 
  it 's a full tonga , kinda like the final form of t, 
  glofo has 28fdsoi process aswell ( if i am not wrong ) but i am talking about normal 28nm bulk . 
  r9 280 is the same price and better in every way except of power consumption . 
  28shp is bulk . 
   nter is nice and all , i just did not find this very amusing . 
  it 's childish though very accurate on how the community behaves in-game . 
   it 's easy to be funny without sexual jokes and if i w, 
  he had a small dick :d confirmed :d, 
  bought used 7970ghz edition everything worked great until i got a second screen then i encountered issues - lowered the clocks few mhz and everything was great since . 
  it matters because then pistol rounds matter a lot more than in normal maps . 
  and in mm it matters because of morale :d, 
  your point ? 
  prefire :-) with a little luck and practice you can kill him faster than he can kill you :-), 
  or you can smoke him easily, 
  drivers wont help in that case since you are not booted into os when magic packet happens :-), 
  are you 100 % sure about it not supporting it though ? 
  did you check your bios settings ? 
  also you have to turn off fast-start in win 8.1 ( or something like that ) . 
  its ussualy not called wake on lan though :-) do you have some specific oem mobo or are you using dedicated nic ? 
  because it seems very strange that a mobo wouldnt support it . 
  and of course `` smoke weed everyday ! '', 
  windows or linux - doesnt really matter, 
  you certainly could use pc psu to deliver 3.3 v and you could propably pretty easily wire to the reset switch . 
  or what about just setting periodic reboot lets say every day at 3am or something like that ? 
  wouldnt that help or are the kernel panics totaly random ? 
  290x has similar performance at lower resolutions , better performance at higher resolutions , full 4gb of memory and much better compute performance . 
  it also supports more of upcoming dx12 features . 
  however it does consume more power . 
  if that is a good tradeoff is your decision . 
  most people buys m4a1s . 
  valve is trying to balance the use of it . 
  `` public business '', 
  dafaq does that even mean lol ... oh well statist gon na state, 
  yep ssds make even outdated tech feel ok :-), 
  no its propably best to have both a small ssd and a hdd right now . 
  though keep in mind that 1tb hdd are not the best storage per dollar ( 2/3 tb drives are cheaper per mb ) so if you know you are gon na store a lot you might aswell buy bigger now . 
  ( currently running 128gb ssd + 3tb wd red ), 
  kek got ta have all those noctua fans :d, 
  10000rpm ? 
  what year is this ? 
  ssd is like the best thing for productivity ever ( ok maybe more screens is better :d ) ... its loading time for every application you run ... everything starts faster . 
  to be fair another reason why arm got popular is because of the intel monopoly :-) without it you can make cheaper chips . 
  hehe but then people can be like `` derp you have to buy nvidia gpu cause they are lowpower derp '' :p, 
  well before the bussiness did n't obviusly wanted to deal with all public ... or else it would n't need laws to accept blacks . 
  so its just meaningless term . 
  www.speedtest.net will only use one connection at a time . 
  as oposed to for example torrent that will open multiple connections . 
  the thing i am trying to do is load-balancing ( i have mikrotik router with multiple wans which i want to load balance ( so it uses more isps at one time ) , and there are plenty of ways to do it . ), 
  what i want is to test all of the ways to do it the best i can ( including cpu usage on the router and stuff ) . 
  its basically my bachelor thesis . 
  and i am trying to come with the best ways to test and record my findings :-), 
  i work for isp so i am well versed ( or better than most people ) in lot of technical networking affairs . 
  and i have no skin in the game as i work for small isp in middle europe and not in us . 
  i tell it in one sentence : i simply do n't believe that government has any right to tell isp how to deal with traffic . 
  end of story . 
  longer version :, 
  we are here to serve our customers and if we can serve 95 % of customers ( those that are not heavy users ) at cheaper price by prioritizing time sensitive packets ( like http , voip ) and slowing down downloads , p2p and stuff like this , why should n't we be able to do it ? 
  why should n't we priotitize important emails before cat videos ? 
  obviously the market is rewarding us for it . 
  those people want cheaper internet . 
  why should government come in, 
  and say no you ca n't do that every packet has to be dealt with equally so you have to build a lot wider infrastructure for your existing customers ? 
  that is total bullcrap . 
  this will ofcourse kill all small isp because competing with these rules will be lot more expensive and it will be next to impossible to gain foothold in the market . 
  not to mention the way this will be enforced ... the only way it can is if the government will spy/gain access into our sensitive infrastructure , infrastructure that we built ourselves ( granted this is not the case for every company in the u.s. ) . 
  what regulates internet should be the free market and customers not few assholes in waschington . 
  well the way to sort it is trough competition not more regulation that kills it . 
  you need more upvotes . 
  hehe there actually are cases where the 290 is more energy efficient :p, 
  imho not a worthwile upgrade .
