  depends on the price - where i live the fx is ussualy considerably cheaper . 
  however the i5 is better for gaming . 
  what the actual f -- k is student union and why should anybody listen to them what to drink lol ? 
  titan because they do n't rely on pure player skill like most other teams but on strategy and just enough skill :-) ( having best awper in the world also helps lol ), 
  wut msi supports fnatic ?!, 
  :d ... no msi products for me :d :d just kidding :d, 
  isp blocking ntp traffic ? 
  ... damn thats pretty strange why would they do that ? 
  you can get around that through vpn, 
  when you have twice the pixel pushing power you can afford to dial in much better settings ( higher resolution , better textures ) and therefore you hit vram limitations much easier then if you had lets say for the sake of an argument 750ti with 4gb of ram . 
  you made my day lol !, 
  lol guardian carry more pls :d, 
  well i guess it depends on how you define the terms . 
  in the case i explained the vram can become the limiting factor - the weakest chain - so its just semantics if you call or not call it a bottleneck ... 
  agreed that dx12 can change things up and i sure hope it will :-), 
  maniac was actually playing pretty damn good this game ... 
  try to do it so you have dual channel ( it will work like `` hybrid dual channel '' - the first 4gb on the second stick will work in dual channel ) if that wont post do it in single channel, 
  about the hdd ... well 2tb/3tb hdds have a lot better price per gb so it makes sense to atleast point that out to that person . 
  if you know you are gon na fill it up it makes sense to pay more now . 
  i do n't think idiots that cant follow a simple strat and instead do something else know the difference between attitude and score . 
  therefore this propably would only work in higher ranks ... 
  to be fair - cats regulary play with half-dead mice for a long time until they eat them - just for fun . 
  not for survival . 
  even then something in the meantime is just a step on the way to anarchism . 
  so the person is in fact still anarchist he just believes that the best way to get to anarchism is step by step . 
  its like the small argument we have about voting . 
  well i wouldnt say they are efficient at doing it ... if they were efficient they would n't be trillions of dollars in debt :d, 
  road maintenance ? 
  ... lol you propably havent seen the roads where i live :-), 
  i was building similar system recently - got a8 7650k - very sweet price and you ca n't beat it in its price range :-) ( unless ofcourse you get secondhand parts ), 
  according to passmark the a8 7600 ( 7650k isnt there ) is on par with pricier i3-4130 ( granted its quad vs dual so in some games the i3 will be better ) but the gpu is much better . 
  and getting cheaper cpu + crappy lowend gpu is not a good idea . 
  lowend gpus are very bad value . 
  + you get the benefits of hsa and opencl in software later on . 
  +7650 k is overclockable, 
  i did n't say not succesful :-) i did say inefficient though :d, 
  well i propably do n't know single person that uses pc solely for gaming purposes ... :-) and trust you will fill 1tb very easily :-), 
  a8 7650k ( a8 7600 is 65w slightly slower and locked ), 
  r9 285 / gtx970 are the best miniatx gpus . 
  or wait for r9 3xx series :-), 
  i had exactly the same cpu and upgraded to r9 280 ( + - 285 ) but was limited in some games by the cpu ... you can either overclock - but on miniatx am3 board you are propably not gon na have the best vrm and power delivery design so thats not very good idea . 
  i was fortunate that my mobo actually supported fx chips with new bios ( asus m4a89gtd pro ) so i upgraded to fx8350 . 
  this is the 285 i was talking about - it will fit nicely and its reasonably cool and quiet for its form factor . 
  i would propably pick that up ( or go gtx 970 if you have the money but that is imho overkill ) and see how much it helps in games you want to play and then later on get a new mobo and cpu . 
  possible but not worthy ... it doesnt hit the sweetspot . . you pay too much for too litle . 
  you essentialy get 270 bucks to build a tower ( 90 for windows and 40 for 360 wireless controller - yes you can get cheaper ones but they are ussualy not good enough imo ) . 
  if you add harddrive ram and mobo you basically have like 100 bucks for cpu and gpu ... and anything short of amd apu wont work ... 
  btw ... `` support linux '' - amd cards work on linux ... is the support great ? 
  well its ok there might be few bugs but isnt that what linux is all about ? 
  :d in this pricerange geforce is not possible, 
  are you gon na store your files on it ? 
  if not i would swap that hdd for small ssd or even just boot it from usb stick :-), 
  the way i do it is that i have my multimedia on my main pc ( with 3tb drive ) and when i want to watch it on my htpc i just use wake-on-lan to boot my pc ( which takes few seconds because its running off ssd ) and run it through samba share over network . 
  so since i dont store anything on my htpc i just used some 256gb laptop hdd i had lying around and it works good enough :-), 
  if i had a nas it would be better but this might be more ecofriendly :d, 
  small ssds are ussually cheaper than new hdd :-) ( 32/64gb should be enough ), 
  check out video series linus made recently called scrapyard wars - about getting the most on the second hand market for 300 dollars :-) other than that no dont bother . 
  well i have a laptop with amd apu and tried linux on it . 
  it worked ok only problem i had was with that dimming the screen was slow . 
  otherwise it worked ok :-) and setup was essentialy the same as in windows - i installed catalyst drivers from amd website . 
  unless you are gon na store important data on the ssd that you cant afford to lose dont bother with raid, 
  i thought he meant raid1 - which is for redundance and added read speed, 
  yes they did - the best actually :-) ... r9 295x2, 
  imho its a mix of very small market and warranty issues ( people frying it and then wanting to rma ) . 
  thats the limit of hbm right now :(, 
  290x is the full card 290 is lower binned version of 290x . 
  so its not like nvidia `` ti '' . 
  rumor had it that this part is infact gon na be the r9 380x - so there will be place for the monster 390x later . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  :d :d :d :d :d :d :d :d, 
  its better in multithreaded software but ( + -40 % ) but worse in games that can only use 2threads properly . 
  if you have to regulate internet its better that it will be regulated by laws that have to pass through congress and not by some bullshit rules that just some buerocrat in fcc imagines and do n't have to be passed ... 
  and drug war doesnt equal government ? 
  tell that to the guys in jail for smoking marihuana ... . 
  lol actually net neutraility is `` dictating your internet '' ... 
  i think the founding fathers just escaped a regime where `` one all knowing king/person '' could do anything and could ' t be overriden ... 
  budget ? 
  how much storage you need ? 
  what resolution do you want to play at ? 
  nice article but i think you should have talked about intel shady bussiness tactics ... because i feel that is a part why lot of people do n't want to buy their products . 
  i am talking bought benchmarks , hindering performance of other vendors throuh their compiler , paying oems not to release products with amd hw , giving mobile chips away for free to undermine competition from arm and so on ... 
  it surely does n't paint a nice picture of the company . 
  ussualy contracts have a section about what happens if one party does n't abide by it . 
  so as i said before from a practical sense you are correct - you would seek retribution through some sort of accountability procces . 
  and if i ever signed a contract about life/death matters such as i sure as hell would like to have a way to back out of it at some price . 
  but i just do n't see the big deal about sex - if you are basing your philosophy on cultural taboos there is something wrong with you philosophy ... just get over it ... 
  * btw : when we are talking about duels - duels were fought for honor and if one side backs out it shows that the person does n't want to protect his honor = = you win by default . 
  so it sure as hell would n't be in the self interest of 18century gentleman to try kill that person anyway ... *, 
  well i guess you would agree that i own the fruits of my labor and i own my body ( unless you subscribe to some religion that says that god does , and if so all power to you ) . 
  so even if ownership according to you is asymmetric would n't that just be a case of semantics to say i own myself ? 
  and i never said rape is n't wrong ( it sure as hell ) - i just said that if you give consent it is n't rape . 
  no i think sex is cultural taboo and i do n't see why you automatically should treat it differently from any other case . 
  if somebody steals your tv you are in the right to take it back . 
  sure in practical case you propably wo n't break in the persons house and steal it back but i do n't think it is morally wrong thing to do so . 
  what is the difference between having autonomy over my body and owning my body ? 
  well and if i do n't own my body who does ? 
  the other case is by definition slavery . 
  well ownership/possesition by definition means :, 
  - power or control over something, 
  - a right of occupation and use,
