  overclock your c2q and be happy :-), 
  because am3 + platform doesnt support pci-e 3.0 but to be fair it doesnt matter performance wise unless you get like into 295x2 territory and even then the difference is really small :-) ( 16x lanes of pcie 2.0 is enough for now ) . 
  the reason why it doesnt support it is because its now a pretty damn old platform ( 2011ish and even then its a tweaked am3 which was 2009ish ) . 
  i love all the people complaining that they get 7days ban because volvo and that their game crashed and they havent had time to reconnect ... . 
  thats not how it works ... you get 30min ban for one crash . 
  you only get 7days ban if you are toxic asshole that is destroying games of other people all the time . 
  how can it detect that ? 
  if you are tech savvy you can cause your router to drop packets and cause huge lags very easily ... if then you do n't get competitive cooldown people would abuse it . 
  we knew it !!, 
  installing 32bit win8 could propably help you get more frames ( vista needs more resources ) . 
  kicking people out not really ... just stop paying people to come in . 
  ... for instance if somebody comes to sweden he automatically gets into `` social security '' even if he never worked there . 
  if you pay people to come in and not to work and tax the working people into obliovion guess who is gon na come in and who is gon na leave . 
  you can have open borders or socialism . 
  both of them at the same time collapse quickly ( unless you create `` new socialist man '' lol ) . 
  ( phrased it wrongly ofcourse you ca n't have socialism longterm by itself either but it will take a lot more time to collapse ), 
  not really sure i agree i could envision a society where it would work ... 
  if you have a strong enough majority of educated people that are conservative/libertarian leaning and do n't want welfare then i guess it would work ( without welfare and with low taxes only people that want to be productive would come and these people assimilate rather quickly :-) ), 
  imho the reason why it turned to shit was public schools . 
  to be fair you could say the same about concentration camps ... 
  i do wholeheartedly agree that democracy is incompatible with libertarianism ( like where the hell do you get the right to vote about my shit ) , but to say that public shools were caused by democracy is not really correct . 
  yes its getting ridicilous, 
  hehe not to be a pessimist but with net neutrality it might as well become a reality ... 
  shouldnt xfx have a lifetime warranty ? what was their reasoning for not covering it ? 
  for youtube views ofcourse :d ( only if you are a girl though ), 
  yes volvo pls, 
  lol people who ca n't speak english downvoting you ... what did this world come to ... 
  i 've seen a lot of small kids with parrents and even without and have n't seen anybody actually checking somebody age so i assume they do n't care . 
  i r8 8/8 m8, 
  and then make a montage !, 
  :d lel top kek, 
  just to rub it in :d, 
  i guess at that level its the only possible strat that the team is skilled enough to coordinate together lel ... 
  actually i found a razer software very helpful in combination with tec9 ... 
  i just have macro continously fast clicking ( tuned it to the fastest possible delays ) when i hold a button essentially jsut getting full auto tek9 when holding a button . 
  why not . 
  kek :d, 
  depends on the price and resolution you play at . 
  well yeah that is the fucking point lol . 
  its not a fair comparison at all yet somehow gpuboss thinks titan is better gpu . 
  i meant the price you can get the gpus . 
  the 290 is ussually significantly less expensive while offering only slightly less perf . 
  @ 1080p ( however it closes the distance at higher resolution and has full 4gb vram ) - it does consume litle bit more power . 
  290x and 970 is better comparison - similar price , similar performance @ 1080p , but 290x is much better at compute and also better at higher resolutions ( + vram ) at the price of higher power consumption . 
  i 'd go for 290x unless you play 24h a day and have very expensive electricity :-), 
  maybe people would n't be angry at gpuboss if they had a big disclaimer about how the score is calculated and that people should n't be taking it at face value . 
  passmark has a whole dedicated page talking about how their results are n't all that great . 
  thats a reason people respect passmark . 
  atleast passmark has a whole fricking site dedicated to why their rating is not great and why you should n't take it at face value . 
  gpuboss has none of this . 
  they just post bullshit numbers made by hidden algorythm ... 
  i think the 290 shouldnt throttle that hard ( 290x is worse in this regard ) . 
  aftermarket cooling would make 0 sense pricewise . 
  just make sure your case is well ventilated and you 're good to go maybe add a front fan :-) . 
  if you 'd went with amd am3 + then you 'd propably still have ide on your mobo :p but optical media are kinda dead anyway unless you have really slow internet, 
  tell me its a joke ... 
  what are you talking about the officer was protecting the society from a man with a broken taillight !!!, 
  you know how much damage person like that can cause ... / s, 
  scout does n't use the same round as ak ... sure its 7.62 caliber but the cartridge in scout has a lot more powder packed behind it . 
  lol you are worse than fucking statist ... `` if you do n't like your country why do n't you git out '' ... 
  yea but the quadcore it lists are ... c2q / phenom i which should be no match for g3258 . 
  well no big deal just solder a new cap ... 
  no way really ?!, 
  i enjoyed cs_assault_1337 in 1.6 :-), 
  yes it was great, 
  yes please :d, 
  well i for one upgraded my cpu solely for wolfenstein the new order , the phenom couldnt keep steady 60fps so it had to go . 
  * ( from phenom ii x4 960 to 8350 ... thanks god for amd and asus and the fact that my old am3 mobo is compatible with fx ... ) *, 
  shrud ? 
  i 'd like to see comparison of this vs 860k . 
  apart from the obvious conslusion that older games that use only 2cores will run better on pentium . 
  there is n't much past average fps which obbviously do n't tell the whole tale . 
  can someone explain why this is such a big deal ? 
  seems like boring scifi online shooter to me ... 
  well it might have sometzhing to do with the most people you get to play with that are russians do n't speak english where as almost every other nationality has no problem speaking english ... 
  there is a reason why every cs players knows `` cyka blyat '' or `` idi na xui '' but has no idea about swedish swear words . 
  could you please repost the servers ? 
  the pastebin is deleted :(, 
  call gg . 
  cause game without communication is a game lost . 
  so is penis size :d, 
  cause the monitor isnt your only experience in the game ... :-), 
  ( try plaing cs 1.6 limited to 60fps and then to 100 and you will be able to tell the difference ), 
  the game feels lot more fluid @ 100fps . 
  i dunno why but it does ... 
  i guess it comes to aiming and stuff the overall responsivenes not just what you see on screen, 
  silver : where every player worse then me is a noob and every one better is a cheater :d, 
  both used 7970ghz at the time 280x released it was cheap and still had + -1 year of warranty . 
  no the cpus are essentially almost the sime - sligth clock difference you wont notice . 
  just overclock your old cpu - you will gain more, 
  he can overclock using fsb ... it is more tricky but buying a new cpu just because it has 100mhz more clock and is unlocked is not smart . 
  ok sorry wasnt aware of that . 
  by the way do you have any idea how is fsb overclocking on fm2 + ( i am getting a8 7650k for ultrabudget machine ) . 
  ram modules are ussually tested at multiple clocks and latency combinations . 
  it should be listed on the box . 
  just set it up in bios according to manufacturer specs :-), 
  i choose ga-f2a68hm-ds2 from gigabyte because of very strict budget it has 8 power pin but the psu i am using only has 4pin anyway . 
  i am looking to do a very mild overclock so nothing extreme . 
  we 'll see but i bet it will :-) the psu has enough amps on 12v rail to sustain 2 of those platforms at ful throttle :-) . 
  well i think they are heading this way .
