  buying it now is not a very good investment imho . 
  fm2 + cpus and apus are nice but sadly only they are only up to 4 cores and if you want something that is higher performance you have to switch mobos . 
  thankfully amd sees this problem and is releasing unified am4 platform for both nextgen apus and cpus . 
  but you would have to wait for that too long . 
  it doesnt have to do anything with amd , but we know how far amd is in development and we know when they are releasing - nvidia havent even announced or showed anything and according to this `` leaked '' slide it will be releasing months earlier . 
  that is downright unreal and that is the reason why i question legitness of the slide . 
  and what do you mean again ? 
  amd was first to 55nm . 
  amd was first to 40nm . 
  amd was first to 28nm . 
  last time nvidia was first to a node was back in 2006 with 80nm . 
  i was n't talking about powerpoint amd showed running system playing battlefront with wattmeter attached to it to show powerconsumption ... you ca n't get much more real than that . 
  and about 980ti - that was very well done by nvidia . 
  it was n't really about technology though . 
  they saw the fury comming and they saw that it is getting delays so they released first and at really great price . 
  i have to give them props for great execution on that one . 
  new games use more cores . 
  for example look at ac : syndicate cpu scaling i7-5960x massively beating i7-4770k even when the 4770k has higher clock speed ( 3ghz vs 3,5 ghz ) therefore higher single thread . 
  in this game fx8350 is tied with 4670k ... which was 100 $ more expensive ( its not sold now but skylake doesnt bring that much difference and wasnt tested on gamegpu.ru ) . 
  fx8350 is aging like a wine where as those intel cpus now are as fast as they are gon na get . 
  sure you can point 10 games for everyone one that does multithreading well ... but stuff is getting more multithreaded and if even ubisoft can do it and unreal engine can do it then we are gon na have a good time . 
  3 . is being sued . 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  i can sue whoever i want for wahtever . 
  for a glimpse of the future look at ac : syndicate or unreal 4 :-), 
  ac : syndicate fx8350 is tied with i5-4670k ... 
   what will out dear zen do ? 
  provide eight stronger cores ? 
  propably, 
  i told you in different post to buy intel . 
  i was just replying to other people in this thread ... 
  am i the only one who does n't really care about suicides ? 
  mostly the former . 
  suicide is a tragic incident but individuals have a right to control their own lives so i respect their decision . 
  8ghz ? 
  f-ck that by now we should have been running 10ghz pentium 4s ... 
  in that case i would follow the statist mantra : `` if you do n't like it here why do n't you `` git out '' '' ... 
  its the bnbg !, 
  most of them are old or ugly ... 
  i guess they want some action ... 
  honestly actions matter more than reasons . 
  this is smart for amd and good for the industry . 
  i say great !, 
  there is almost no money in building pcs , there is little money in repairing pcs . 
  if you want it just like a hobby to get few bucks here and there its fine but dont count on making a living out of it . 
  just think about it a little - for the vast majority of users their 10year old core 2 duo desktop does everything they need ... they are in no need to upgrade , new computer or stuff like that . 
  and it does n't really look like its gon na get better with lot of people moving to tablets . 
  if you wan na make money in it focus on something else . 
  the whole pollice department should be disbanded ... and the supervisor and police chief put in prison ... 
  i live in czech republic ( middle europe , prague , beer ) , and carry concealed g43 everyday ... so no not all european countries are downright fucked up . 
  most are though . 
  if you are talking about europarl then yeah - petr mach . 
  he is as libertarian as it gets . 
  recently the media went crazy when he made a youtube video series detailing how to get a weapon permit + his party posted few billboards calling for every sane person to own a gun . 
  `` we '' also used to have libertarian-leaning president until recently ( vaclav klaus ) - he got famous for his books against global warming propaganda and for his stances against eu . 
  he was on fox news few times . 
  `` our '' current president is leftist but atleast a `` traditional '' leftist not this new-left nonsense that swept the west - he regularly oposses the eu and he is heavily against this middle eastern immigration wave . 
  got ta enjoy living in denmark - pay the highest taxes everywhere in europe , police doing nothing and if you defend yourself then you face trouble from the law . 
  300mbit/s is the theoretical rate . 
  the real data throughput ( minus all the overhead of acknowledging resending and so on ) is about half of that = 150 mbit/s . 
  but that is if you use 40mhz channel ( which is half of the 2.4 ghz spectrum so good luck using that anywhere in civilization ) . 
  if you use the standard 20mhz channel which is a must if you do n't want to get huge interference you get + - 70mbit/s real throughput . 
  the only way to get more is to use 802.11 ac which supports much higher speeds but it operates in the 5ghz spectrum which has more trouble going through obstacles . 
  another problem is that to achieve higher speeds ac uses higher modulation ( 256bit qam ) meaning you need better signal to noise ration and/or it uses up more of the spectrum ( up to 160mhz - however 5ghz spectrum is wider and not so poluted indoors so its not that big of a problem ) . 
  let me give you advice that will save you lot of trouble and money - get some cat5e / cat6 cable and use that . 
  you 'll get perfect gigabit connection with low latency without any interference problems . 
  and it will be much cheaper than buying both 802.11 ac nic + ap . 
  you need both 802.11 ac ap and 802.11 ac card . 
  i only have experience with profesionall grade hw , not really consumer , so i am not sure if the stuff i recommend is best for you . 
  as for access point i can safely reccomend you ubiquiti unifi , for nic anything with atheros chipset should be fine if you want to be really sure than mikrotik r11e-5hacd minipci-e is the card to buy . 
  also if you have semi new electrical wiring and both sockets are on the same breaker switch then consider good pair powerline adapters - it will be cheaper and better then wireless . 
  also if by any chance the rooms are connected via coaxial cable ( tv ) then you can use coax to ethernet modems and they are awesome . 
  if i understand it correctly its just the vce ( video coding engine ) - a part of every gcn gpu . 
  if i give my money to help a homeless guy - its great . 
  if the homeless guy mugs me and takes my wallet then that is not great . 
  even when the end result ( i.e. 
  homeless guy having my money ) is the same ... 
  see the difference ?? 
  in one way there is force and violence involved in other free will . 
  imho their focus on large core counts - only now + - five years later do we finally get to see the architecture stretch its legs in few games that can use it . 
  as for servers there was the power consumption problem + licensing based on core count . 
  what revision is your motherboard ? 
  depending on that there are bioses avaliable to support fx cpus . 
  so the best bang for your buck upgrade could just be buying like a 8350 + new gpu . 
  pros : very cheap , higher potential performance when all cores are used than much more expensive cpus ( i5-6600k ) . 
  you wo n't have to upgrade your platform , saving motherboard cost . 
  cons : not all software can leverage all the cores ( especially some games - although the situation is getting better and better - for instance unreal 4 engine or the new ac : syndicate can use the cores pretty damn well ) . 
  with intel you will get more consistent performance ( especially in older titles ) but if the price is worth it thats for you to decide . 
  `` it is n't that important to your build , it 's more of a luxury than anything else . '', 
  no m8 ssd is almost the most important think in a pc for productivity reasons - you spend lot less time waiting for everything to load . 
  i 'd agree though that for gaming it is luxury . 
  i 'd suggest g3260 , which is 100mhz higher clocked + much cheaper ( atleast in europe ) . 
  the con being it is not unlocked which does ` nt really matter in emailing pc :-), 
   is way better than the other things list, 
  it does have a windows license though ... 
  i am sorry but this is solely the users fault - not manufacturers - who forwards everything from his ipcams to the internet ? 
  its 2016 for godsakes learn to use firewall - forward only https or better yeat use a vpn server in your network and acces everything through that . 
  if you want something only avaliable in your home network then just use nat , firewall and forwarding . 
  yea you might aswell say he can pirate it . 
  sure its possible but that is illegal .
