  and imho what would make the most sense is to wait for the release of the new card and then buy - older gen prices are lower . 
  well that is the only other company that has x86 licence . 
  the only other competition i see happening is if apple switches to arm ( they already have pretty powerfull arm cpu , enough to power a ultrabook / tablet convertible ) - if that happens then lot of software would be written for arm . 
  resulting with microsoft making full fledged windows for arm too . 
  thats why i said its gon na take apple to do it.they have the incentive to do it . 
  microsoft does n't have a big incentive right now ... well maybe in the future - they already have that nice feature where if you connect windows phone to a screen and keaboard you get decent windows like experience . 
  + we also have chrome books . 
  i think slowly arm will eat intels lowend and microsoft will not want to miss it . 
  most apps regular joe user needs are already avaliable on arm and the rest could be emulated for good enough experience . 
  `` at least released higher-power variants on am3 + . '', 
  not possible due to different power delivery needs . 
  they would have to completely redo the package for it to be possible which is costly . 
  + only positive would likkely be power consumption as sadly due to worse manufacturing process those architectural gains are almost gone due to lower clocks . 
  we do n't want immigrants that want to work no no no !, 
  fuck hardworking people lets invite more of those lazy ones , give them benefits and let them vote socialist and cause crime ... 
  good job europe, 
  higher bandwidth ddr4 ram ( 2133 and 2400mhz ) is currently cheaper than ddr3 . 
  which is good if you want to build apu build now ... + if someone already has am4 board + ddr4 ram then shit he is lot more likely to upgrade to zen ... 
  even if bristol ridge is comparable to kaveri it would still made more sense to get the new platform into peoples hands . 
   the cpu itself was gimped to fit the physical constraints of the socket arch . 
  if they had stuck to 6 cores instead of 8 they could have had much higher single-core performance . 
  or , better yet , they should have made a new socket that was actually scaleable . 
  source ? 
  they are better . 
  but carrizo is made with high density libraries libraries on the cpu part . 
  which is great for mobile as they are more powerefficient ( same logic as if you shrink the node ) + great for the bottom line ( smaller die size = cheaper ) . 
  but and the big but is that you lose powerefficiency rapidly if you clock them over certain tresshold . 
  if they released excavator desktop apu using high performance libraries then it would be great ... sadly i dont see them making another die . 
  also fm2 + ca n't accept carrizo 's igpu , due to redisigned power delivery system . 
  the only reason i could see is if your mobo dies and you do n't have money to spend to upgrade . 
  well its not as if amd is designing those boards - oems do . 
  and if they did n't thinkt it makes sense they would n't do it ... 
  but yeah i think its waste of money too . 
  used to run 965 overclocked to 3.7 ghz ... got ta tell the biggest difference when i upgraded to 8350 was how cool and more quiet it actually is :d ( granted i dont have the 8350 overclocked much - only very slightly ), 
  ps/2 is preferable to usb for a keyboard . 
  ps/2 uses hardware interrupts so every key is registered without any possible latency + you have n-key rollover by default ( you can mash how many buttons at once you want . ) . 
  usb uses polling ( i.e. 
  the cpu has to actively ask the keyboard if any buttons were pressed - this consumes unnecessary cpu cycles ( granted not really an issue with modern cpus :-) adds little latency and you lose n-key rollover - most keyboards have only like 5key rollover - some more expensive mech . 
  keyboards implement n-key rollover but it is harder . ), 
  one of the posts :, 
  not sure if trolling or that stupid :d :d :d :d, 
  those damn capitalists inventing diseases :d, 
  running 280x ( comparable performance ) with fx8350 @ 4.3 ghz @ 1080p and yeah the card is not running at 100 % all the time - so at times ( depends on game and scene ) it gets bottlenecked . 
  i would imagine that at 3.5 ghz it would be worse . 
  265 should be faster ( more stream processors ) . 
  but its gcn 1.0 so uses little bit more power and doesnt have freesync ( + wont support hdr ) . 
  those cards are good enough for 1080p medium settings . 
  btw what does it mean `` screwed your rma '' . 
  you have certain consumer rights - so look into the laws in your country . 
  they should either give you the card or money back . 
  ... well since the battery was connected i would be very supprised if there wasnt any sort of short circuit destroying it . 
  i think there is nothing wrong with using government handouts ( voting for it i find immoral ) . 
  the more you take from these assholess the better . 
  then they do n't have enough and their system is collapsing . 
  i do n't find stealing from thieves immoral . 
  oh so how it is possible that it uses multithreading so efficiently ? 
  its still pre-alpha but its free . 
  ( not `` free to play '' / `` pay to win '' bs just free ) https://www.unrealtournament.com/, 
  i tried playing few matches online and there were some bots on the server aswell . 
  they were bad thopug but i bet you can set the difficulty when playing alone . 
   https://www.unrealtournament.com/, 
  nvidia pr tried to show that they have working pascal . 
  but since they do n't they showed the board with 980mxm and claimed it is pascal and hoped media would fall for it . 
  and since amd showed working silicon running benchmarks already and nvidia ca n't even show a production sample card , we can assume that nvidia is little bit late . 
  nvidia pr tried to show that they have working pascal . 
  but since they do n't they showed the board with 980mxm and claimed it is pascal and hoped media would fall for it . 
  and since amd showed working silicon running benchmarks already and nvidia ca n't even show a production sample card , we can assume that nvidia is little bit late . 
  `` he said that the top-level graphics processors integrated in intel 's chips can outperform 80 percent of discrete graphics chips . '', 
  how can he get to to those delusional numbers ? 
  propably counting all the gpus in operation currently ... not currently made gpus . 
  to be fair i would n't expect those huge gains soon . 
  because of yields not being good enough to make very big dies . 
  what is most gon na be affected in the first gen on finfets is gon na be mobile and mainstream gpus . 
  sure but i am talking about really low budget ... and even 7750 ( which is little bit more expensive ) is considerably slower than 6850 - atleast when i look at anandtech gpu 2014 benches ( for example bioshock 1080p high 42 vs 33 fps ) . 
  do those drivers make so much difference to make the 6850 worse in newer games ? 
  i live in czech republic so us prices do n't really make a difference for me - anyway i can get the 6850 for 50eur which is pretty damn good considering it should be comparable to r7 360 ( atleast in older titles ) . 
  and 50eur is pretty much the most he is willing to spend . 
  its really minimal build -, 
  intel pentium g3260 ( 3,3 ghz hasswell dualcore ( the infamous pentium anniversary +100 mhz but 25 % cheaper and locked which is ok as i wont be overclocking it ) ) . 
  i considered the apu route but this is not gon na be much more expensive but a lot faster , i also considered the 860k but that one was considerably more expensive and in older games slower . 
  this little pentium was just too cheap not to grab ( yeah i am ashamed to buy intel ... but its not for me :d ), 
  super cheap msi 1150 mobo, 
  4gb of ddr3 ram, 
  and some cheapo used gpu . 
  its gon na be huge upgrade since he is right now on a athlon x2 system with igpu . 
  - even those meager specs are propably gon na blow him out of the water :-) and grandkids are gon na love him :d, 
  well since most of the parts arent on pcpartpicker then sadly no :, 
  + intel g3260 ( its g3258 but locked + 100mhz faster and cheaper ), 
  + msi h81m-p33 ( super cheap 1150 mobo ), 
  + 4gb of ddr3 ram ( my older ram that i am gon na sell him ), 
  + gpu ( propably the hd 6850 ), 
  this all for less then 185 eur ( he already has case + psu + hdd ) . 
  it should be able to play at 1080p medium/high . 
  and he doesnt even have 1080p screen . 
  so yeah its gon na be more then enough and propably a steal for this price . 
  the board could propably take some 95 w phenom ii x4 but they are pretty expensive on the used market anyway + he would need more ddr2 ram . 
  this way it is little more expensive ... but new parts , more modern parts . 
  the pentium is basically the same in multithreaded as that phenom . 
  its gon na blast the phenom in games that are n't optimized very well ( and since this is meant for older games than that are propably gon na be the majority ) and he also gets sata3 + usb 3 . 
  imho that was worth it .
