  intel is using 1151 in its mainstream platform ... doesnt seem to me like they will need to change to lga ... 
  yeah quite honestly the impact is propably minimal overall between the solutions . 
  ( if there was a large amount of money to be saved by going to lga then amd would have already done it . ), 
  like do people really try to rma broken cpu pins ? 
  if you break pin on your new cpu you should n't be building pcs ... like seriously what is so hard about putting a cpu in a socket ... 
  my bad is 1331 ... and yeah amd should hire some more marketing people and add more pins :-d, 
  i do n't own those i do hovewer own arma 2 ;, 
  well i got the 4790 used for a really good price ( cheaper than the cheapest i5 you can get ) . 
  and combined with the fact that i can still use my older cooler ( scythe ninja 3 ) and the fact i can still use my ddr3 it was pretty damn good deal . 
   well i got the 4790 used for a really good price ( cheaper than the cheapest i5 you can get ) . 
  and combined with the fact that i can still use my older cooler ( scythe ninja 3 ) and the fact i can still use my ddr3 it was pretty damn good deal . 
  ... its the other way around mate - if you accuse someone of something you have to provide evidence . 
  its called presumption of innocence . 
  and anyway g2a are only a marketplace - how people get their keys to sell is not their bussiness . 
  for example i sold a key on g2a that i got for free with the purchase of my gpu - i did n't care for the game so i sold it . 
  g2a does n't sell anything . 
  g2a is a free market place . 
  they make their money on commisions , advertisements and selling insurance . 
  and there is no such thing as `` regional pricing fraud '' . 
  if you try to make more money by selling the same product cheaper in one place than in the other , you have to be prepared for arbitrage . 
  arbitrage is perfectly legal and moral market transaction . 
  arbitrage was how dow chemical beat the german bromine cartel in the 19th century - they tried to get him out of bussiness by dumping the us market with cheap bromine - he simply bought it from them and resold it in europe . 
  if somebody comes to you and tells you `` i am gon na kill you if you do n't give me your money . '' . 
  that is considered a threat . 
  and you have everyright to defend yourself against that person . 
  then you have people whos entire ideology is that they want to get in to power by the means of violent revolution and then they will steal everything you own , kill millions of people and make the whole country a one big concentration camp . 
  how is that not a threat ? 
  how are preventive measures against such people not self-defence ? 
  just because somebody is acting on behalf of state does n't mean that 100 % of what they do is wrong and ca n't be celebrated . 
  if there is a firefighter , who is employed by the government and rescue some people from certain death would you not celebrate that guy because of anarchism ? 
  if those people are in such position to personally come and threaten you its already too late . 
  if a terorrist group plans attacks on innocent people you need to stop them before they actually get into a place and start to point guns and shoot . 
  ( and yes those + -3000 killed by pinochet regime were mostly hard core communist guerillas and people who openly planned to overthrow the governmetn and were supported by soviet union ), 
  not sure how is that relevant . 
  i do . 
  sweden is so cucked ... 
  i ca n't even believe this is happening ... 
  not tasty, 
  if you have to buy z motherboard then its shit . 
  i honestly mantain that unless you are buying the best i7 it doesnt make sense to overclock intel . . instead of buying k i5 + z mobo + aftermarket cooler just buy cheaper mobo + locked i7 ... 
  honestly i dont think very much - they already declared that they are focusing their future manufacturing nodes on mobile . 
  watercompany provides you with nothing , they are just a gatekeeper that charges you for something they did n't invent , create , build or design and that would still be there had they not existed . 
  you are fighting a symptomps not causes ... data caps are simply a sympton of no competition . 
  why is there not more competition in the isp market ? 
  do you think that adding more laws will suddenly bring more competition in the isp maket ? 
  repealing few might though ... 
  atleast i can still use older bios on my haswell b85 mobo ... but it was scummy move from them . 
  its the other way around ( samsung licensed the technology to glofo ) . 
  and just because its the same technology does n't mean the end product made in different fabs will be the same - the yields might be different resulting in slightly different voltage curves and so on . 
  in some games yes . 
  in most modern games though you can see a trend of older i7 outperforming new i5s . 
  ( for instance i7 2600k ussually outperforms i5 4670k ) . 
  and it makes even more sense if you look at xeon pricing ... 
  i5 6600k cost currently 254 $ on newegg . 
  xeon e3-1230v5 ( 3,4 ghz base , 3,8 turbo with hyperthreading ) will cost you only 16 $ more . 
  not to mention you will propably be able to `` oc '' it few more percent by adjusting powerlimits / making it run its turbo multiplier on all cores ( atleast this is the case with haswell ) . 
  at stock according to passmark the xeon has 31 % better multithreaded performance . 
  if its the same price then you would had to be mentally ill to buy it instead of a an actual quad core ... not to mention that you will have to buy a better mobo to overclock the i3 ... 
  really ? 
  do you realise you can just go ahead and buy connectivity from tier 1 isp just like your regular isps like comcast do . 
  and then you are free to transmit it to your home . 
  that is how huge amount of isps in post-soviet contries started . 
  they bought some connectivity for them and their friends and used wifi and other technologies to transmit it . 
  over time they grew and grew . 
  and then you look at real world where post-soviet countries where they literally had dirt roads like bulgaria , latvia or czech republic have a lot more vibrant , faster and cheaper internet market . 
  why ? 
  less regulation . 
  how ? 
  almost every isp company there shares the same story - back in the day me and few mates were pissed off at dial-up and bought like 2mbps worth of connectivity from tier one provider , then resold it as unlimited and faster internet . 
  since nobody uses his internet all the time a lot of people can share that meager 2mbit/s connection ( with proper queeing and shaping ) . first they had few people down the road then they had majority of the town they lived in and then they grew and grew and now they have tens of thousands of clients . 
   but you can still collect your own rainwater to use and drill your own wells if you want . 
  that is like saying you can still build your own lans and run your own webservers and make your own `` internet '', 
  petitioning government to pass more regulations does n't magically bring competition, 
  this is counter-productive - artificial data caps are a symptom of the problem . 
  the problem being obviously that there is very little competition in the us isp market . 
  petitioning government to pass more regulation will do nothing more than stiffle the competition even more and entrench now monopolistic bussiness . 
  lets say the government passes the law saying data caps are illegal ... what stops comcast or any shitty company to simply offset it by lowering your overall speed ? 
  u.s. should just do what post-soviet countries did - deregulate telecomunications . 
  many of those countries started with nothing and now they have better cheaper internet and much more vibrant market . 
  also maybe just maybe fcc should consider to open up some new part of the wireless spectrum for general use ( like 2,4 / 5 / 80 ghz is currently ) . 
  for example \u00efn czech republic we have a free 10ghz band for wireless data transmitions . 
  this has hugely helped isps to bring quality services without interference over longer distances and at lower cost . 
  they should be offered subsidised helicopter rides . 
  i agree with you then . 
   an isp `` provides '' you with nothing ; making your own network is too expensive . 
  mechanicalhorizon 2016 . 
  pick one . 
  lolz at all this `` g2a are thiefs '' b.s. 
  ... seriously ask yourself this - if there is so much evidence that they 're stealing and stuff why do n't somebody sue them ? 
  ... oh right :-), 
  g2a should just go ahead and sue you for damaging their reputation ... 
  piratebay was sued and closed multiple times . 
  man g2a is paying me so much sick scrilla that i ca n't even waste my time here - got ta go steal more credit cards . 
  or we could make stupid people not vote . 
  calling total bs . 
  if the developer does n't want to deal with hosting servers then they should fucking release the server software like used to the case with almost all games before ... 
  dedicated servers  shit matchmaking and p2p, 
  its not tickets neither tock, 
  free as in freedom not free as it costs nothing . 
  since amd cpus are considerably larger i am calling bs .
