  this time around amd is expected to release low-end and mid-end gpu first and then high-end later . 
  where as nvidia will propably release highend first . 
  i am not expecting highend in q2 . 
  however what is now highend will performance wise become mid-end/sweetspot . 
  polaris 10 / 11 is launching in q2 - polaris 11 i expect 380 level performance . 
  polaris 10 i expect few % over 390x but slower than fury . 
  vega is also 2 gpus so propably `` 490x '' and `` fury/rage or whatever they will call the fastest '', 
  those are my predictions . 
  and if those predictions come close to correct then polaris 10 will find its place in my rig :-), 
  the minimum amount of ram for modern pc should be 4gb . 
  there is no reason not to have that . 
  ram is cheap and disk is slow . 
  32-bit win can support only 3gb of ram - that is including vram . 
  theoretically you could have a system with 2gb of ram and 1gb of vram , but system like that wont be able to play any modern game for which drivers are relevant - you do n't need to update drivers to play older games . 
  so its irrelevant . 
  legacy drivers will work just fine . 
  if amd could dedicate some of that driver time - just a little to make ccc usable on old cards ( talking hd2xxx hd3xx and hd4xx ) that would be awesome . 
  you literally have to mess with regedit just to make hdmi underscan/overscan setup . 
  otherwise those cards work just fine ( obviously not for gaming talking office machine here ) . 
  theoretically yeah practically i never seen x86 windows to use the full 4gb . 
  what will imho happen -, 
  a ) new gpu cores ( so it has new vce and can support hardware 4k ), 
  b ) little bit more of gpu cores, 
  c ) the same architecture cat core cpu but on considerably higher clocks due to 14nm . 
  games will run better on it - slightly higher res / 60fps or some combination . -, 
  soho is not all that bad . 
  mikrotik for example has some great gear for a very reasonable price . 
  and their operating system is top notch . 
  actually + -130 mbps is correct . 
  the 300 is just a marketing nonsense . 
  it is the link speed - hovewer wireless protocol has high overhead so in practice you ussually max out in about half of that and that is if you are lucky and are not in a place with high interference . 
  this is prosumer-grade product . 
  mikrotik and ubiquiti are industry leaders in wireless networking and many isp build their whole infrastructure based on their products . 
  mikrotik is the better router . 
  ubuiquiti is better ( imho ) ap . 
  i see what you wrote so propably not, 
  :d :d :d, 
  license matters . 
  however 64bit can be mo\u0159e efficient in certain cpu workloads so you are trading ram for cpu performance, 
  yeah if you are gon na cry over every little bullshit - this character too thin , that one too sexy ... then yeah go fuck yourself and dont play you are gon na make the world a better place, 
  i am a stronk indypendent wyman but i am not stronk enough to hendl sexy grill in videogaem plz white knights saev mi . 
  well if it is a aprils fools joke then it is a bad one ... 
  if they wanted to make a good joke they should have made the result really crazy :-), 
  yeah but the point : after the fact you laugh and said aprils fools joke you believed that bullshit ... 
  it doesnt really work when you say haha you believed that reasonably expected data . 
   additionally , any users repeatedly and purposefully giving bad advice because of what day it is will receive a warning and further abuse may constitute a ban . 
  so if you tell someone to get nvidia you get banned now ? 
  :d :d, 
  just watching it gave me the need to go get some listerine :d, 
  if rich people just hoarded money then that would actually help everyone as the value of their savings would go up due to less active money in the economy - deflation . 
  leftism is ussually just the ignorance of economics . 
  its cheaper to pay a civil servant 800 a month than a salary :-), 
  oh well i was talking from the perspective of responsible people . 
  they did n't do anything to him because they agreed with his signs : `` we deserve other people money ! '', 
  if i had a twitter account i would tweet fuck you at them . 
  i basically only bought it because my old am3 motherboard from 2011 which ran phenom ii 965 before could handle it with beta bios . 
  so yeah i am kinda in the same boat . 
  anyway - the fx handles every game i play on it right now pretty well and looking at the new games comming out and their benchmarks it seems to hold up pretty damn well too . 
  so i am propably gon na wait for zen before upgrading . 
  because to get i5 would be a sidegrade in mt performance and i do n't want a sidegrade . 
  not really but if a vast majority of population is in debt then yeah that is unresponsible . 
  damn sorry english is my second language , my mistake . 
  facebook is such a hideous company i ca n't believe people still support them . 
  from total spying and delivering shit to every government , to collusion with governments and censoring content that they do n't like and shadowbanning users to banning the sale of firearms and such . 
  sorry but i have no respect for them they are pure evil . 
  facebook was caught colluding with german government to censor legitimate content . 
  i think they deserve all the outrage they get . 
  from what they 've done its only a little step to full one 1984 police-state mode . 
  my honest and maybe unpopular opinion :, 
  there is no `` right to life '' . 
  there are only property rights . 
  the only form of `` right to life '' which is consistent is that it is simply extension of self-ownership and property rights . 
  i own myself . 
  i have a right to defend my property . 
  therefore i have a `` right '' not to be killed as that would destroy my most valuable property . 
  there is no such thing as right to life overrules right to property . 
  i feel the only reason libertarian use that `` right to life '' phrase is simply because it is in a us constitution . 
  which itself is incompatible with our principles . 
  just stop it . 
   what about the babies `` right '' to not be killed ? 
  if they violate the nap then they are agressors and have no such right . 
   if a kid wanders onto your lawn should you shoot him ? 
  i think you would be justified if he refused to leave . 
  hovewer thankfully we are able to deal with this with non-lethal solutions - so no i do n't think you should - you have other choices and it is surely preferable to cause the least amount of harm to resolve the situation . 
  but yeah i think you would be justified to . 
   one the fetus did not choose to be inside you ( your actions caused that ) . 
  i do n't think intentions matter in this case . 
  actions do . 
  and sadly we do n't have the technology yet to be able to deal with this non-lethaly . 
  i think abortion is ugly and terrible and maybe immoral - but i do n't think it is not justifiable . 
  valve did n't collude with government to give user 's info and did n't censor free speech german government did n't like ... 
  so yeah fuck facebook they deserve all the hate they get . 
  ... tdlr : do n't get drunk when building pc :-), 
  certain am3 motherboards actually can handle am3 + chips with a bios update . 
  for example i am running asus m4a89gtd/pro am3 board and upgraded my phenom ii to fx8350 . 
  it took little fiddling but works just fine - check your beta bioses . 
  depends on what are your needs . 
  if you are okay with fps in the 40-60 areas and dropping few settings you could just upgrade the gpu and possibly get nice and big cooler and overclock that cpu . 
  otherwise you need better cpu and gpu both . 
  dude ... that is almost an sidegrade ... unless you overclock that pentium like a mofo you get like 20 % better multithreaded performance .
