  its you and me - the middle class . 
  robbing me and then using the money to pay for what i want and telling me they are giving it to me is like the biggest scam in the history . 
  wouldnt that be kinda sidegrade ? 
  - i.e. 
  you would get better performance in some titles but worse in others . 
  honestly i am not a fan of sidegrades :-) i 'd rather wait if i were you . 
   i said vat and taxes . 
  vat is acronym for value-added-tax . 
  so you said tax and taxes - there is no strawman here . 
   when something is imported not all of the money goes out of the economy, 
  trading is good for both sides . 
  there is no value getting out of economy ... both economies are better off . 
  as i said read economics 101 . 
   are not going back into the economy and improving the country ? 
  i am implying that the economies would be better off if somebody didnt took the money in the first place - or do you think that governmetn is more effecient at spending your money than you ? 
  ever been in a government burau ? 
  ever seen the efficient government workers ? 
   because if it was n't mandatory , nobody would pay it . 
  oh really then i guess we should force people to buy internet since if we do n't use guns nobody will ever buy a service to make his life better ... . what kinda logic is that ? 
  ever heard of insurance ? 
  well that makes sense then . 
  anyway i would still wait till e3 ( 16th ) to see what amd is cooking up with fury . 
  even if it isnt the second coming of jesus christ it will still make 980ti drop in price . 
   how does money going out of the country improve the economy of said country ? 
  if i voluntarily exchange a 100 $ for a new cpu , it by definition means that i value the cpu more than the 100 $ bill - otherwise i would 've kept the 100 $ bill . 
  and the company selling me the cpu obviously values the money more than the cpu otherwise they wouldnt have sold it to me . 
  we are both better off cause we both now have what we valued more . 
  this very simple concept is called subjective value theory . 
   vat is also an incentive for `` in-house '' production , so it makes importing food less viable than actually growing it ( which supports the local economy and employs people ) . 
  exactly that is another problem . 
  that by definition promotes unefficient market actions . 
  jobs are not the ends . 
  jobs are just a mean to an end . 
  if you take it to its logical conclusion you would be growing wheat in a desert to `` promote local economy '' instead of importing it from places where there are actual good conditions to grow it . 
  you should propably read up on comparative advantage . 
   i 'd rather have the government in charge of the infrastructure and services, 
  i would rather have a system without violence . 
  what your saying is that means according to you justify ends . 
  just because you want governmetn to provide services doesnt mean that its perfectly ok to use guns and violence and steal the population earnings and cage and kill those who want to defend the fruits of their labor . 
  if a thief stole from you and gave to charity it doesnt make it charitable . 
   ... usa ... 
  usa is no longer the role model . 
  it ceased to be around the end of the 19th century maybe even before . 
  i am not gon na waste time arguing how u.s. is or isnt great since its as far away from free market system as europe - in some cases its much worse in some better . 
  if you want to see free markets in action look into economic freedom index and see what countries are free and what their economic growth / unemployment rates are . 
  i do know about that but who says country has to be a part of eu ... norway isnt ... switzerland isnt ... uk wants to leave ... 
  exactly unless its some strange format that the gpu doesnt know how to accelerate . 
  oh i misunderstood you , i though you were refering to the limit as you mean that its not possible to get rid of it . 
  and in the original post i said if you add all the taxes up - i.e. 
  you work you get taxed for income then if you choose to save the money you get taxed again for spending it , if you first save it you get taxed for capital gains , if you die you get death tax and so on and so on . 
  i did that simple experiment of mathematicaly adding all those taxes and government fees and yes 60-70 % was the result . 
  you can try to do that for your country to see what numbers you come up with . 
  atleast they havent added hairworks fur to batmans body :d :d :d, 
  to be fair nvidia doesnt exactly have a good track record of doing die schrinks / transfering to new memory technology . 
  so there likely will be some problems / there will be late . 
  nvidia released exactly 3 gpus since october 2013 -, 
  the small maxwell ( 750ti and family ) , medium maxwell ( 970/980 ) and now bix maxwell ( titan x/980ti ) . 
  correct me if i am wrong but in the same time amd released hawai ( 290x/290 ) , bonaire ( 260x/260 ) and tonga . 
  so also 3gpus ... 
  ehm ehm not really . 
  they are a newer version of their gcn architecture ( 7xxx was gcn 1.0 290 is 1.1 tonga is 1.2 ) . 
  which to this day is the only architecture with full support of dx12 ( tier 3 ) . 
  and not to mention much better compute capabilities that nvidias . 
  and power consumption ? 
  its overblown issue . 
  290x has about 60watts higher power consumption then 970 when at full throttle ... is that crazy ? 
  in power cost it means basically nothing since the gpu idles most of the time . 
  and in psu cost it means literally nothing ( who the hell is running less than 400-500w psus in a gaming rig ? 
  its soooo cute !, 
  if i were them i 'd go for apu build so i wouldnt have to mess with gpu block - it would propably also look better :-), 
  propably ... but they said that performance didnt matter ... but looks did . 
  well to be fair they said all new gpus after xxx . 
  technically rebrand isnt new gpu :d but it sucks anyway, 
  well that would be totally stupid and ridicilous - r9 270 being a worse card than r7 270 goes against their naming scheme . 
  :d oh now i get it the consoles ca n't do 1080p because the programmers making games did n't study 1080p technologies :d kappa, 
  those xfx gpus are soooooo beatiful :-) :-) if they will keep design like that i am definitely gon na buy one when it comes time to upgrade my 7970ghz, 
  in games . 
  otherwise in wellthreaded software it gets destroyed . 
  well since the 8core fx has much better multithreaded performance than the i3 it could be the case that those seconds of render time will turn to better fps in future dx12 titles . 
  the fx can only get better , the i3 is known quantity . 
  `` value added '' application :-), 
  plz more indoctrination . 
  shadowplay vs gvr - you much larger piece of almost nothing is still almost nothing . 
  you lose about 2 % with shadowplay and you lose less then 10 % when using gvr ... which still amounts to just a few frames . 
  dx 12 ... yeah but nvidia doesnt support dx12 tier3 . 
  chroma2 / falchion . 
  funny story ... chroma 2 was the first case i ever opened ... and i got fn flip knife doppler from it :d, 
  indeed they need 5v5 unranked . 
  yeah they should have applied that only to new accounts / people with small amount of play time . 
  well how do we know that ? 
  i would n't go as far ... you are underestimating what machines are some people running :-) :-), 
  but indeed i agree that for anything atleast semi-recent ssd is the biggest jump you can do . 
  i wouldnt trust my data to an ssd that is not reputable brand ... 
  he doesnt hit whitewalker ... he hits his weapon - read the post again . 
  also there is a scene before when sam is figthing the ww when ww grabs his sword by hand and freezes it ( it takes a time though ) . 
  that could be taken as a proof ... sort of but its not like you cant grab somebody sword and hold it ... sam wasnt swinging or anything . 
  tru dat but - only the ww weapons shattered other weapons instantly . 
  i rewatched the sams fight and it doesnt really proove anything . 
  if you are a trained warrior you can hold somebodys sword without cutting yourself and catching it wasnt an issue as sam was just holding it in place not swinging or anything . 
  and even then it took the walker couple of seconds to shatter it .
