  doesnt stop me from running win 10 + fx 8350 in it :p :d, 
  i think if you count the oldest chipsets you can get for am3 + ( those who are from am2 era and were made compatible by bios updates ) . 
  then surely yes . 
  you cen get am3 + board with pcie 1.0 for god sakes :-) brought to by nforce chipset ... from back in the day before intel fucked nvidia over and as a result they stopped making chipsets . 
  to be fair they only sounded that when on full throttle . 
  they were sort of ok during idle :d, 
  if it helps i am running fx8350 + hd7970 ( 280x ) and my score is around 7000, 
  i dont think you want to have a wireless transmitter litterally next to your balls for years and years ... you would n't propably needed that switch anyway long term if you know what i mean :-) :d, 
  there isnt a one drug company m8 . 
  sure the market is over regulated amd that hurts the competition but that doesnt mean one company wont want to profit from such a procedure . -, 
  now they realised that without it usb 3.1 would pretty much kill thunderbolt or made it super niche . 
  depends on the motherboard though :-), 
  maybe you do n't realize but living in a socialist society has its price and that price is called value added tax which is minimum 15 % according to eu law ( in my country its 21 % ) + there are import duty which are around 3 % . 
  plus not to mention higher overall regulation burden and such ( for instance in my country vendors have to give 2 year warranty instead of 1 year which is in usa ) . 
  so added together that is -, 
  555 ( original price ) + 116 ( vat ) + 17 ( import duty ) = 688eur, 
  so yeah its not occulus that is fucking you over its your own government ... but yeah go blame capitalism thats what the government likes best . 
  wish more of my countrymen would realize that there aint such thing as free lunch ... . . 
  funny how everyone who implied the actual factual reasons ( taxes and import duties ) why its more expensive got downvoted ... 
  sorry my friends but your feelings dont make facts go away . 
  truth is n't a popularity contest and feeling isnt an argument . 
  enjoy living in your bubble so you do n't get triggered by truth . 
  it could be easily argued that the actual tax you pay in the price of product is much higher because everything gets put into that tax . 
  ( for instance if you have to pay workers more because they pay income taxes that means your manufacturing cost goes up , if you have to transport the product you pay gasoline taxes which are huge in europe , then you have to keep the product in the warehouse where you obviously pay property taxes - all those taxes drive the final price of product up - and then somebody buys it pays sales tax on top of that . ), 
  in usa there is no federal sales tax , meaning that it depends on the state . 
  for instance in alaska , montana , oregon , new hampshire there are no sales taxes , in other states there are 4 or 5 % and the highest sales tax in usa is like 13 % which is still considerably lower than anywhere in eu . 
  marriam-webster definition of socialism : `` a way of organizing a society in which major industries are owned and controlled by the government rather than by individual people and companies '' . 
  please tell me that major industries - such as education , healthcare or agriculture are not controlled by the government . 
  they absolutely are in eu . 
  so i think it pretty much fits . 
  i wasnt really implying that in the us its so much better ( i am from eu ) . 
  i am just sick and tired of people who are too stupid to realize that stuff is more expensive because of the politicians they vote into office , people who think that there is a free lunch . 
  and as a result they blame companies for when stuff is expensive . 
  if you are aware of the `` hidden '' costs then that is great and all power to you . 
  you can then make a good informed decision . 
  if you decide you value x more than y thats perfectly fine , value is subjective and you have every right to decide for yourself . 
  political terms have many meanings and often change it over time . 
  the best example of this is propably `` liberalism '' . 
  socialism is no different - it means many different things to many different people . 
  you are right that its propably not the best term to describe it . 
  i myself often use the term socialism more broadly - meaning a system of very high government control over economy . 
  collectivism would have been a better term here . 
  so its on samsung / glofo 14nm . 
  nice . 
  will the hdr support come to the whole 3xx series ? 
  including gcn 1.0 parts ( 370 ) or is this only comming for hawai/bonaire/tonga / fiji ? 
  will the hdr support come to the whole 3xx series ? 
  including gcn 1.0 parts ( 370 ) or is this only comming for hawai/bonaire/tonga / fiji ? 
  yeah but if it is compatible with all of 300 series that would mean that it would be compatible with all gcn products meaning even most of hd 7xxx series . 
  nice that you are so sure since it was said by other amd rep that 3xx series will be supported with driver update . 
  what was n't specified if all of the 3xx card or only some though . 
  well try throwing more money - that should definitely help :d, 
  i would be 100 % sure that it is comming to fury . 
  there is no reason not to . 
  yeah , i am only really skeptical about gcn 1.0 cards since they do n't support freesync and propably have some inferior display adapter . 
  confirmed : https://twitter.com/thracks/status/685198986496446464, 
  can you point me to a source i 'd like to know more :-), 
  is the driver coming to gcn 1.0 cards aswell ? 
  and is there some performance tax with running a game in hdr mode vs sdr ? 
  do we know if there is gon na be change in the mounting system on am4 platform ? 
  found out :-), 
  look at the photo - looks exactly the same to me :-), 
  few years ago i was forced to do a census aswell ... wrote bunch of bs into it . 
  including my religion as a jedi knight ... . 
  i sure hope the sith wont get into power and intern me :d, 
  `` as for legalizing prostitution , this would devalue women in society even more than the sexual liberation movement has already . 
  feminist need to watch this . 
  it can not be good for individuals or society . '', 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  i do n't give two shits about how society values whatever . 
  i care about individuals . 
  and i do n't see how putting people in cages for consensual services is gon na help anybody . 
  people will always want sex . 
  its bloody human nature . 
  if you think laws can stop people from having sex you are delusional . 
  prostitution is called the oldest profession for a reason . 
  one of the best point and click adventure games i played :-) shame the genre is not getting enough love nowadays ... 
  i am sorry but that is just stupid on so many levels . 
  imho its kind of a pr a thing . 
  the fud everywhere is how hot and loud amd are . 
  so they are trying to dispell it - thats why they brought up fury x with liquid cooling , nano and now this . 
  it also makes the fx cpus a better sell ( if it comes bundled ) - as it makes the `` yea you get better perf for the same price but its so loud and hot '' ( not saying that you get better perf with amd cpus - but there are some pricepoints and some usage scenarios where they make sense ) dead . 
  well maybe you should go learn some physics :-), 
  depends on the price and the price you are gon na sell that pc . 
  1 . they have a better mounting system already . 
  their mounting system has a large install base and goes back 10 + years . 
  changing it would allienate die-hard people who stuck with amd - for almost zero benefit . 
  the intel mounting system would not work if they are gon na use their standard package . 
  granted they could design around that but that would like require switching to lga socket . 
  it would require lot of redesigning for no apparent gain . 
  according to pictures the new cooler has the same mounting system and will ship with current products as well . 
  if they would n't keep the mounting system why would they spend r&d to design this cooler now when in 2months am4 mobos will launch ? 
  well in that case you would be essentially spending a 10euros for the upgrade ... that is no brainer . 
  yeah sure but most desktop people do n't care about power consumption , they care about the side effects of power consumption - and the most obvious one is that chips consuming more power need better cooling or they will be noisy . 
  generated heat is only really factor in laptops tablets and such - so you do n't burn yourself . 
  if people cared about power consumption then companies would say that metric . 
  instead we have fudgy magical numbers that do n't really mean anything such as the acronym `` tdp '' / `` sdp '' which means entirely different things for different vendors and different products . 
  what i meant that the heat alone is n't an issue in a desktop . 
  meaning if you have one cpu that is lower power and ships with crappy cooler vs one that takes more power but has better cooler so they both are similarly loud , then for most people its not really a problem . 
  ( sure you get little bit more heat in your room but that is almost non measurable . ),
