  please just take a minute a compare this situation to legalization of canabis . 
  i bet that majority of people would call legalizing and taxing it a very positive thing atleast compared to getting your ass in jail . 
  `` you download and install mods on your own risk . 
  but that is not acceptable for paid content . '', 
  why is that not acceptable for paid content ? 
  if they put a disclaimer saying that it might crash i do n't see a single problem . 
  its like with early acces . 
  you are the one deciding to spend money . 
  you know it might not get finished and you are not entitled to shit when you spend your money for it . 
  if you still spend your money on it then well too bad you 've been warned . 
  75 % / 25 % might seem like not a great deal but, 
  to be fair the modders are allowed to use the whole skyrim ip and resources they did n't create + marketing and stuff like that ... 
  lets say you are an indie game developer who makes a side scroller and suddenly nintendo is offering you to use the character of metroid/mario in your game ? 
  do you think that is worthless ? 
  they are essentially giving you a right to make an expansion pack for their hugely popular game and sell it if you give them 75 % . 
  its not that bad of a deal . 
  also from developer stand-point it is a competition for their dlc packs ( thats what ea doesnt let you mod battlefield - so they can sell you a fucking map pack for 15 $ ), 
  if they clearly say `` hey we give you all this nice stuff but we ca n't guarantee you it will work 100 % ... but shit its only 1.99 $ '', 
  then i do n't really see any problem with that . 
  i use http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/60261037/, 
  its really big compared to my old one - no problem putting multiple monitors and my huge mousepad on it :-) very happy with it and looks great . 
  the bloody reason why they take only donations now is that vast majority of games has eula which prohibits the selling of mods ... . 
  but you do n't get it lol . 
  reddit self-entitled kids . 
  i do n't think people have issue with modders having to option to charge money - i think they do n't like that valve and bethesda take 75 % . 
  if people have a problem with modders charging money then i do n't want to live on this planet anymore lol . 
  i blame public ( government ) schools ... . . maybe if they taught proper economics 101 then people wouldnt be so fucking stupid and emotional everytime sometimes mention money or god forbid profit . 
  but i guess there is no incentive for them to do it since their funding depends on economocially illiterate voters ... 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  nothing ? 
  valve is giving you great userbase and marketplace with good visibility and easy payment option + easy install method . 
  do you think that is worthless ? 
  bethesda is giving you the right to use their intelectual property and assets to essentially make your own game / expansion pack . 
  before then you would just get your ass sued if you tried to sell anything with it . 
  do you think lets say having the right to use mario or metroid in your game is worthless ? 
  do you think having the right to do expansion for immenselly popular and marketed franchise as opposed to game no one knows is worthless ? 
  we can argue if maybe 50 % / 60 % would be a better deal . 
  but that doesnt really matter that is quantitative discussion - they are providing valuable service for you and you can choose to use it or not . 
  well you have to understand that steam takes like + -20 -30 % cut from every game they sell - it sounds bad but you have to understand that means that they care of all the distribution ( you do n't have to print dvds try to get them to stores and so on ) . 
  they also market the game for you . 
  their costs are really irrelevant they provide service which other companies deem valuable . 
  the price on a market is determined by how much people value it not how much it costs to make ( economics 101 ) . 
  problem with your analogy is that you own a car but you do n't own the game - you only have a licence to use it . 
  and those licences prohibit selling mods . 
  that is the thing you click agree when installing and never read :-), 
  that is pretty good argument - i.e. 
  modders ussually do n't do dvds anyway so they might not value their service that much ... but we do n't know it depends how much people will choose to sell their mods on workshop . 
  if not many will then the obvious next step would be for valve/bethesda to lower their cut to lets say more reasonable 60 % / 65 % . 
  or whatever is more profitable ( lower prices - means more units sold ), 
  anyway as i said its still a step forward - before you could n't sell at all - or you would get sued for copyright violation - now you can . 
  by the way i see funny analogy with cannabis legalization here :-), 
  now smoking cannabis is illegal and if you do it ( and get caught ) you might end up in jail . 
  the same was the case for selling mods - if you did it and got caught you got sued for copyright violation and could end up in jail . 
  but i guess vast majority of people would agree that legalizing cannabis and taxing it ( some might even be for taxing it heavily ) would be a good thing . 
  valve and bethesda are essentially doing that . 
  ... and people are outraged . 
  sure its not ideal but i see this as a step in the right direction . 
  you are righ it doesnt . 
  but to be fair i think they charge the same amount already for dlc and expansions . 
  and if they suddenly charged less for modds i think the devs would be angry and wanted valve to charge less for that too . 
  thats right but there also places where cannabis consumption is legal but selling is illegal which would be more close to this :-) ( so called decriminalization ), 
  yeah you are right its not a perfect analogy but almost no analogy is :-), 
  well there were unauthorized expansion pacs for duke nukem 3d but honestly i do n't know the details of that . 
  imho its a pretty good thing . 
  there is the argument that ip is bad but i see this sort of more like a trademark thing ( which i feel is justified even in free market ) . 
  also dont forget that in case of games you agree to a eula when you buy/install the game ( you do n't own the game you own a license to use it ) so i think its entirely compatible with a free market . 
  obviously most of reddit selfentitled economically illiterate kids ( i blame government schools ) will say shit like `` herp a derp they get 75 % for nothing '' `` i want free stuff '' but realistically there is a lot of value in what valve and bethesda is offering . 
  valve is giving you great userbase and marketplace with good visibility and easy payment option + easy install method . 
  they also take care of all the distribution and some marketing . 
  bethesda is giving you the right to use their intelectual property , engine and assets to essentially make your own game / expansion pack . 
  before then you would just get your ass sued if you tried to sell anything with it . 
  having the right to use lets say mario or metroid in your game is definitely not worthless . 
  having the right to do an expansion for immenselly popular and marketed franchise as opposed to starting your own franchise no one knows is not worthless either . 
  let me also reitarate that nobody is forcing people to take this deal you can still make your mods and release them for free - but you have a choice now to release a paid mod which means - you can afford to make bigger and better mods / expansion paks . 
  so its win-win for us too - we get more quality content for our favorite games . 
  you also have to take in consideration that by allowing this - they are allowing a direct competition for their own dlc/expansions . 
  as opposed to companies like ea who locks out modding at all so they can sell you fucking map packs for battlefield . 
  we can argue if maybe 50 % / 60 % would be a better deal . 
  but that doesnt really matter that is quantitative discussion - they are providing valuable service for you and you can choose to use it or not . 
  honestly i do n't think enforcement of ip is an issue in this case - when buying and installing the game you agree to a contract - called eula ( the shit that noone reads lol :-) ) and this can prohibit you from selling mods . 
  this is imho entirely compatible with free market . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  when installing a game you are agreing to contract called end-user-license-agreement ( eula ) - that is the shit no one reads and clicks next . 
  you do n't own the software you own a license to use the software within those rules . 
  this i feel is 100 % compatible with free market and anarcho-capitalism and enforcable without government - it would be little bit harder to enforce since you could n't just sue people who downloaded it repackaged never read or agreed to the eula but they would find a way . 
  what is wrong with eulas ? 
  its just a contract you sign for using the software - imho 100 % compatible with ancap or nap . 
  this is not really about ip laws ... 
  the modder bought and installed the game - while installing the game he agreed to a contract to use it only in certain ways , the contract could even specify no selling of mods outside steam workshop . 
  this is imho 100 % compatible with ancap or nap and enforcable without government . 
  last time i check when buying a car i am buying the car - which is my property to do whatever i please . 
  with software you dont own it - you only have a licence to use it according to some rules . 
  its a bloody contract . 
  i do n't care if its based on a fairy tale both parties consentually agreed to honor it . 
  where things would get shady is if you lets say got the software illegally repackaged without agreeing to any sort of eula . 
  then you should n't ofcourse be liable for breaking it . 
  but the only reason why those ways are open right now is because of ip laws and that its not profitable to find a way to crack down on this through voluntary means when you can go trough goverfnment . 
  without ip laws they would have to find a way . 
  and i do n't think it would be really hard . 
  i see it as a great opportunity for more quality mods .
