  they have no jurisdiction over internet . 
  nope . 
  horzuino - as the corporation in kf2 is called horzine, 
  we do n't know . 
  but likely not ( bulldozer didnt feature any unlockable cores , neither did piledriver , and neither steamroller or excavator as far as i know ), 
  honestley you can pretty safely do comparison of r5 oc vs i5 stock . 
  why ? 
  because to oc i5 you need to invest more into your platform - buying z270 motherboard where as r5 can be overclocked on budget cheap motherboard . 
  therefore the total cost of overclocked i5 system is higher . 
  we do n't know tdps yet - could be at lower tdp / higher oc headroom . 
  we also do n't know memory clocks - could be the case that 5xx will have faster memory . 
  100 % agree however its propably the same small amount of people that overclock that watch these reviews :-d the regular gamer doesnt care about hardware much at all, 
  by overclocking you are throwing away all the smart power management that brings the powerdraw down a lot . 
  so overclocked 1600 overclocked to 1600x speed will propably use a little bit more power than 1600x . 
  ... like anybody cares about that in a desktop :d, 
  intel is in a deep shit if you need to bring up deliding a chip as a reason why to pick them ... top kek, 
  you will likely be able to oc 1600x a little bit more than 1600 . 
  but not a lot . 
  its pretty close to its limits due to the manufacturing process being focused largely on mobile . 
  90 % + of people that game on pcs do not oc . 
  and out of those who oc i 'd say that less than 5 % maybe even less then 1 % delid their chips . 
  by delidding you can gain lets say 100-200mhz which is basically nothing . 
  however you lose a warranty doing it . 
  you destroy your resale value by doing it ( sorry but nobody sane will buy a delidded chip - it screams balls to the wall overclocked , stay clear . ) . 
  and there is a chance of physically damaging the chip if you do it wrong . 
  so no its not rational thing to delid your cpu . 
  and its even less rational to use it as an argument why intel is a better buy . 
  `` they say cheating ruined their rust experience for the first few hours but after that they love it turning it off and on as they go along . '', 
  top kek ... someone was mad coz bad so he bought cheats . 
  as far as i know this is the first time in recent years amd did something like this ( i.e. 
  having basically nothing to compete in highend for so long ) . 
  i am purely speculating but imho it has to do with the company having been strapped for cash so they focused on specific areas where they know they can make their money ( + have the r&d cost payed partially by the semicustom customers ) and prioritizing ryzen over all . 
  ( lets face it amd flagships do n't really sell much . ), 
  anyway their new gpu architectuire should be comming out in 1h of this year with highend vega gpus . 
  what is likely another factor why it took so long was that they are/were waiting for hbm2 cost to go down a little bit . 
  eh rx580 is to compete with the 1060 ( and 1060 refresh ) . 
  1070 is different tier . 
  eh they are similar in performance . 
  rx580/480 is just lot more efficient . 
  not worth it to upgrade imho . 
  significant . 
  around 2,5 x + more performance depending on what model of 270 you have and what model of 580 you want to pickup . 
  ... physical removal is the only way i guess . 
  \u00cds it just me or are asus gpus just overpriced ? 
  i 've noticed it for few last generations . 
  where i live its gigabyte that is ussually the best deal ( they are cheap and have 3year warranty where others only have 2year ), 
  so are there any more tickets or what ? 
  i cant buy shit . 
  i play cs : go quite a lot but i am still not sold on chill . 
  i 'd like to see someone actually to test the response times with and without it on . 
  also i do n't think that slowing the framerate when you are not moving is a good thing . 
  cs is positional game and there are quite a few cases where you are just standing waiting for the enemy to peek you - which i nderstand would now happend at lower framerate - meaning you would be slower to react to it . 
  the longer the video the bigger the hype ? 
  u wot m8, 
  i sure could 've tried it since i do own an rx480 and freesync 144fps monitor . 
  hovewer i do n't have anything to measure the difference and going by feels is just plain stupid and will be a bad case of placebo . 
  would you call coiuntries like germany or austria socialist ? 
  sweden is in top 10 of most economically free european countries . 
  more economically free than most european countries . 
  well why arent they used 99 % of time in conflicts irl ? 
  great !, 
  very nice job from evga . 
  hovewer i kinda do n't like that the title has to expressely mention `` free '' ... 
  i hope we are not gon na live to see the day when companies will ship locked products and then offer you a better bios for a fee to upgrade . 
  i work in the isp field and its a very common practice - you buy a professional isp grade wireless point to point link and then you buy a licence to be actually able to use such link at certain speeds . 
  later on you can decide to upgrade your licence so you can acces other settings . 
  i just do n't like such bussiness model . 
  its not technology that is hurting . 
  its that what they are putting out are barely even games . 
  its basically a animated movie with few interactions . 
  to call that `` point and click adventure game '' is a disgrace . 
  i played tales of the monkey island and i loved that . 
  i also played their back to the future which was fun aswell . 
  twd was good in the beggining but it got stale ( it got stale even faster than the tv show ... ) . 
  then i tried got and couldnt even get through it coz of how boring it was . 
  ( integrated their software into drivers to make radeon chill possible - which is fucking gr8 for laptops ), 
  oh that is true i read that wrong . 
  i remember playing the original broken sword on the ds . 
  it was great and worked perfectly on the touch screen . 
  if you get a great deal you can buy a better cpu at the price of worse cpu . 
  no shit sherlock . 
   shitty netgear ap that ca n't do 400mbit/s which is the bandwidth, 
  really ? 
  really ? 
  for ap to do 400mbit/s of real throughput it would need to use 80mhz of the 5ghz spectrum at 64 or 256 qam ... and to get to 256qam you need 40snr ... 
  and unless you live in the middle of nowhere then that is a fairytale . 
  make more interference . 
  do n't really have a skin in the game . 
  but there is an argument for lowering the skill ceiling of a game . 
  because it rewards people who put the time in a learn . 
  muzzle brake should be better than aimbot . 
  end of discussion . 
  there is a pretty big problem when there is no reason not to use an item in game :-), 
  the reason people leave servers is because there is basically nothing t o do after day 3 ... 
  so you made your base got some armor , weapons , you raided a little and have some explosives ... but everyone also has a massive base - to raid that massive base however you need so much fucking sulfur that this game basically becomes work simulator . 
  so instead you ( and all the other guys ) focus on finding smaller bases of people who did play all that much and raid them to oblivion again and again - making them quit aswell . 
  suddenly there is nobody on the server worth raiding so you leave . 
  if raiding/building was balanced then every team would n't have to focus on raiding small shit bases , but they would actually go and raid their other big neighbors . 
  in the current meta its simply not worth the fun to do it - why ? 
  cause then rust becomes fucking work simulator - where you just farm and farm and farm .
