  if i were you though i 'd rather wait a little more for the release of am4 ( q1 2017 ) - even if you do n't want zen it makes sense to buy the new platform with ddr4 and excavator based cpu/apu . 
  i personnaly would n't recommend buying am3 + today to anyone . 
  the platform is simply too old - you can literrally go ahead and buy a am3 + mobo with a chipset that dates back to 2007 ( !!!! ), 
  from a company that seized to make and develop chipsets in 2009 ( nvidia nforce 630 ) . 
  its not really about zen its about a platform that has future . 
  am4 motherboards will support bristol ridge apus alongside zen . 
  meaning you can get cheap excavator cpu with ddr4 memory and maybe later on upgrade to zen on the same mobo . 
  not ale molex to sata are equal . 
  there are quality molex to sata adapters which are perfectly safe to use . 
  ... m8 front panel is litterally just 2 leds and 2 switches ... what is there to be incompatible about ? 
  if you want to be sure just disconnect your front panel connector and get a screwdriver and just short the proper pins ( look at your manual ) to start your pc ... 
  do you have the fp connected properly ? 
  please consult manual . 
  this is why you never get another job in it :-), 
  well atleast she does what she says she will ... not like all those american celebrities who said they will move to canada if trump is elected :-), 
  thats how benchmarking suite works you retire old games and put in new ones ... nobody cares how a 2016 gpu handles a 2006 game . 
  ( i have only limited knowledge about this so i might be wrong on something ), 
  cores share resources and communicate with each other . 
  they need to be interconnected - and the fastest interconnect is to put them on single die . 
  putting multiple dies on single package has extra cost added which i presume is higher then what can be saved with better yields ( afterall cpus ussually have pretty small die sizes compared with gpus so the defect rate shouldnt be all that significant ) . 
  ... also nintendo wii can play gamecube games . 
  wii only supports component video so not that great . -, 
  this is so telling . 
  socialist do not even consider that there is such thing as to be self-employed :-), 
  there were few instances in the past where buying a better motherboard saved you money in the long run . 
  although it was on amd side . 
  it was the case during the am2/am2 + era . 
  where a lot of motherboards got bios updates allowing them to run am3 chips - and if you had a good motherboard it could actually run the higher tdp ones . 
  also i managed to get lucky with my motherboard pick which was am3 m4a89gtd pro . 
  it was one of the very few am3 mobos that got beta bios support for am3 + cpus . 
  and i am still running that motherboard with fx8350 to this day . 
  however its not a good buying strategy to just buy a expensive motherboard . 
  if you care about future proofing then you should buy middle of the road board - look for 4 ram slots , and most importantly good power delivery with heatsinks . 
  overspending on your mobo is stupid though . 
  pch dirty wifi casuals :d / s, 
  ... hey 2013 called , they want their memes back . 
  if their goal is to eliminate taxation then no . 
  eh not really ... people who overclock are very small minority . 
  although granted if intel has a lot of headroom they could release a part with higher clocksped to compete . 
  dude anybody who is trying to benchmark cpu performance @ 1440p should just go ahead and delete his `` tech '' channel . 
  at that resolution the gpu becomes the bottleneck in most scenarios and so the cpu impact is lot less . 
  what are you talking about m8 . 
  the internet is full of guidance - if you are too stupid to look for it then that is your problem . 
  rtfm, 
  yes, 
  if you want to do cpu benchmarking in games you need to make sure the gpu is not the bottleneck - you do that either by getting a ridicilously overpowered gpu ( which i would argue currently doesnt exist ) , or you simply run at settings that dont tax the gpu - 800x600 resolution , low details and so on . 
   they did that test with the titan x @ 1080p . 
  and ? 
  the question is - were they cpu bound ? 
  and if not how much the cpu was being utilized . 
  because without this information i really do n't see how 2 cpus scoring the same is helpful information to you - one of them could be running at 50 % load while the other at 99 % , and yet you would claim they are equal . 
  for example you can go ahead and look at how gamegpu.ru does cpu test . 
  they atleast show you how different threads get utilized . 
  reread all my posts again . 
  i was claiming from the start that you ca n't have a gpu as the bottleneck when you want to compare cpus . 
  and titan x surely doesnt fit `` ridicilously overpowered gpu ( which i would argue currently doesnt exist ) '' . 
  why would somebody post fakes few hours before the official reveal ... 
  same story for me m8 - running 8350 on asus m4a89gtd pro/usb3 ; beta-bios has support for buldozzer ... whatever it works on piledriver aswell :d, 
  ... just solder in new caps ... 
  according to roadmaps yes am1 is eol ... as for being touted for its upgradability - i am not sure if i remember it correctly but couldnt it just be upgradability as compared with intel - where you can only buy atom as bga boards ? 
  clocks were revealed -, 
  3,4 ghz base with highend skus having more than that . 
  turbo not yet finalized . 
  on less tdp and on worse process node . 
  they beat intel with efficiency with worse manufacturing process , what a fail, 
  it was comparable to i7-2600k while having twice the cores . 
  thats different . 
  guys please i need to know does amd have boost-processing ? 
  triggered ? 
  make amd great again . 
  i think this poll is meaningless - the cpu is targetted at highend enthusiaists . 
  which is very small percentage of overall users and very small percentage of people in this subredit . 
  i for instance did n't vote as the amount of money i am willing to spend on a cpu will not correspond with how much is this highend cpu worth . 
  i 'll be more than happy with a cutdown sixcore or quad with smt . 
  i think this is the case for majority of people who voted here ... 
  lets get real -, 
  imho we can expect :, 
  - zen 4c/8t to compete with 4c i5, 
  - zen 6c/12t to compete with 4c/8t i7, 
  - zen 8c/16t to compete with 6c/12t i7, 
  i would expect the prices to reflect that - we still do n't know the final performance though . 
  i would also expect cheaper motherboards ( i do n't think you will need super extra mobo just to be able overclock as is the case with intel . ), 
  and also keep in mind that the best 8c/16t zen can afford to be more expensive as long as the overall platform cost will be lower than intels ( and the 6c + i7 have really expensive mobos ) . 
  what the hell are you talking about ... they clearly shown that the sr7 i.e. 
  8c/16t zen can play ball and even outperform intels i7 6900k which costs 1100 $ ... and they can do that while being on cheaper platform ( cheaper mobo ) and using less power ... and you are saying something about needing to charge less than 500 $ ? 
  top kek, 
  strange that cpus were soldered for a long time and you still only very rarely hear about cpu failures ... 99 % of the time what happens is that the cpu is retired because it is simply too old to be useful . 
  as far as i know even very small cpu dies such as amd regor die ( 45nm soi , 80mm ) were soldered . 
  ( to compare haswell i5 is about 185mm ) . 
  article you linked talks about die size . 
  there is no mention in the articele about feature size or manufacturing node - so i am calling bullshit . 
  `` void and micro crack occurrence is mainly affected by the solder area -- thus the die size . 
  small die size ( below 130 mm \u00b2 ) e. g. skylake will facilitate the void occurence significantly . 
  however , cpus with a medium to large die size ( above 270 mm \u00b2 ) e. g. haswell-e show no significant increase of micro cracking during thermal cycling ( figure 12 ) . '', 
  ps/2 is better than usb for keyboards . 
  ps/2 is interrupt based vs usb is polling based - meaning ps/2 keyboards can have slightly lower latency + can have n-key rollover ( you can press all the keys you want at once ) . 
  mechanical keyboards sometimes use ps/2 connectors . 
  you can broadcast fm radio with raspberry pi zero ( less then 4 quid ) and little bit of wire and soldering . 
  ( not legal advice :-d ), 
  oh my god i hate this so much ...
