  | prices include shipping , taxes , and discounts when available | $ 227.92, 
  | generated by pcpartpicker 2014-12-02 11:41 est-0500 |, 
  best thing for office pc - small form factor ( miniitx ) , almost zero power draw , nearly completely silent ( can even be cooled passively ) , and has enough processing power for every office and media task you can find :-), 
  de_train_ve ... please just saying ... 
  i use a small 12v air compressor made for car tires ( it has car socket ) - they are very cheap and multipurpose . 
  the only downside is that you have to have some source of 12v and enough amps to power it . 
  i use spare car battery that i charge before use :-) ( theoretically i could rig it up to power it from my pc psu but imho not worth the trouble ) . 
  quakelive is still well :-), 
  yes but no homo my friends !, 
  seagate software is basically a free stripped version of acronis ( wd has the same thing aswell ) - which is the best . 
  so either use the it or if you need more features buy full version of acronis . 
  indeed . 
  `` unranked competitive . '', 
  yes please . 
  i am sick of having to go play on community servers just to play classic counter-strike ... 
  aint it kinda obvious ? 
  ... wireless is wireless ... wired is more stable and faster ... 
  r9 270x / r9 280 / r9 290 depends on your price range, 
  you did well . 
  i liked it . 
  what is the problem ? 
  deagle | blaze - sold for 24eur, 
  i got 40gb ide wd from + -2000 which is to this day running daily :-) with perfect s.m.a.r.t. 
  well tiing it to ip has its own problems - we are still living in ipv4 days and therefore the days of doublenat where in some parts of the world thousands of people share a single ip adress . 
  this would seriously destroy the possibility of this game being popular in asia ... 
  possible solutions :, 
  make cs more expensive ? 
  or charge some voluntary extra fee ( monthly ? 
  ) for i do n't know 128k rates mm , better anticheat and so on . 
  unranked competitive - lot of smurfs are simply people who want to play with low ranked friends but ca n't cause of big rank difference - it would be kinda like normal in lol . 
  surrender option - this . 
  please . 
  why the hell do we have to stay a whole game in a game with obvious cheaters/smurfers with no chance of winning ? 
  surrender is already in the fricking game we just have to wait till somebody gets fed up and gets cc cooldown for leaving ... 
  290 is better bang for your buck ... . 
  you made my day :d :d :d, 
  and maybe a psu !, 
  or - do n't do it if you do n't know what you are doing . 
  i am well aware that those big caps are dangerous thats why i wasnt touching anything near them with my hands ... :-), 
  yes . 
  its hard to notice difference between brand new branded fan and a noctua ( the difference is there but small ) . 
  but changing from a 2 + old year no name crappy fan which was really noisy and vibrating to a quality quiet fan is really a big difference . 
  actually really easy but your milage might vary - i have seasonic 620w modular psu and it had 2pin fan connector so i just pulled the old fun out and replaced it with 3pin one ( making sure to not mess up the pins ) . 
  but some cheap psu might not have any connector and just wires soldered to terminals - so that might be harder . 
  propably 15min job . 
  but beware - dont touch anything inside ( capacitators ) the psu with your hands . 
  and you will propably void your warranty by opening your psu ( no issue for me as it was old part ) . 
  tell me what cpu has + -100 mb of cache ... except for those iris pro igpu intel ones, 
  is enough if you just have 2x2 mimo 2,4 ghz n router . 
  unless your psu is no longer covered which was my case :-), 
  you need realy and some way of controling it - such as arduino - then you just send a signal to it when turning of a pc, 
  thx for the input . 
  but i had this one unused just lying around ( replaced it with 4pin one for rpm control ) so i just used this one :-) works good enough for me . 
  yep i am pretty sure nobody in their right mind would want to buy 8-core 1.6 ghz jaguar cpu for gaming sure if you use it properly it has enough power but devs do n't optimize for pc that much ... ... . ( for home-server/nas use though i would buy the shit out of it if it were priced competitively and had low power consumption ), 
  where the hell do you live if you ca n't get disttiled watter ? 
  they have it in almost every hardware store/drug store / car mechanics, 
  important public broadcast message : everyone watches porn and who says he doesnt watches the most discusting one :-) :-) carry on citizens !, 
  or with 2560x1440 and 1440x900 . 
  btw i currently have one 1920x1080 24 '' and second 19 '' 5:4 1280x1024 and sizewise they are almost identical - ppi is little bit off but its not too bad :-), 
  kabini has the advantage of super cheap miniitx boards , being 25w and super quiet and overall being `` good enough '' so its great for htpcs and office machines . 
  but if you are gon na do any gaming i would advise you to rather get some `` higher end '' pentium or even better fm2 ( + ) athlon ( 760k/860k or some of the older lower ones ) . 
  and add a cheap dgpu to that or if your budget doesnt allow that get some of the cheaper kaveri apus they are great bang for buck fot ultra low budget pcs . 
  this please !, 
  hooray deagle is cheaper :-), 
  hooray deagle is cheaper :-), 
  i heard some rumors about mantle and rockstar but who knows ... 
  more accuracy / better damage and being quiet, 
  it dont deserve like dis !, 
  :d no seriously though i would have preffered just a dmg nerf + make it more expensive but alteast something happened, 
  only for gaming ? 
  if you type stuff on your pc ( code or other stuff ) then definitely get mech keyboard . 
  if its just for gaming i am not so sure . 
  if it was on steam and had matchmaking ( like aoe ii hd ) i would propably buy just so i dont have to fiddle with the old game to play it online ... . 
  but this being ubisoft ... 
  i can already see them having microtransactions , dlc and shit like that , , ,, 
  and matchmaking using steam ... 
  1 . even if the games uses only 2 cores do n't forget you got os , antivirus , browser and bunch of other processes running in the background so having more cores can help you because you can have 2 whole cores to dedicate to your game . 
  6300 can turbo all the way to 4.1 ghz, 
  depends on the resolution and level of detail ... that gpu is ooooold though ... 
  imho the main problem and the reason why it was so murky is that the rules were n't public for instance from the public rules of dreamhack 2013 - it said that pixel walking is illegal and every round ilegal action is used the round goes to the other team - so yeah in that case it would ` be crystal clear . 
  well actually we do n't know what the 2014 rules are ... becase they are not public ... and that is the main fucking problem imho and what sparked the controversy . 
  yeah exactly - the main fucking problem was that the rules werent public ... so they could just pull whatever they wanted out of their arse . 
  lol if thas has happened instead it would be so hilarious :d ... olofm flying with the pigeons :d, 
  well i guess two african pigeons could carry object that heavy ... 
  if they fashioned some sort of string :d :d, 
  they got better map knowledge :d, 
  the only reason why amd is n't part of this is becasue they know that they literally cant afford any sort of consumer backlash . 
  everybody who is n't brain washed government dupe knows what a horrible idea is to give more power over internet to the government . 
  to the same government that just released that torturing people is `` sort of ok sometimes '' ... 
  no its not . 
  this !!!, 
  yes yes and yes . 
  everybody who wants to give more power over the internet to the same fucking government that tortures people is braindead . 
  and not to mention the technical aspect - without traffic shaping internet would n't be possible on the same infrastructure . 
  everybody who is n't brain washed government dupe knows what a horrible idea is to give more power over internet to the government . 
  to the same government that just released that torturing people is `` sort of ok sometimes '' ... 
  go support your wise overlords from congress ... 
  net neutraility is like socialism for the internet . 
  it sounds good if you do n't know sh ** about economy ( or networking in this case ) . 
  also more power to the governmetn hooorayyyy to the same government that has like 10 % approval rating ... and that just relased that torturing people is sort of okay sometimes ...
