  they have more traditional cpus in their apus too . 
  i think it was about cost - ms and sony expect devs to write and optimize for whatever hw they have and small cores are propably cheaper ... 
  its an app that adds the classic start menu back . 
  a must have for win 8, 
   nd feel , and they got to take advantage of everything xp had to offer . 
   i think that 's where windows 8 failed ; they essentially forced all of these changes in the os and they made it such a hassle to change it b, 
  yes i remember that tooo ... goood days of running windows me / 2000 :d, 
  i did tooo , 
  `` intel . . 
  the only way to go with processors ! '', 
  you peasant !, 
  downvoted ... 
  that is nice but a 3 $ microphone could do that ... 
  ok i kinda exaggeratad but mostly i hear from people that kinect is great because of the voice commands , they do n't mention the other stuff . 
  and voice commands and screen dimming logging in can be done with a webcam so if the device was n't mainly made for 3d positioning and stuff that 90 % of people dont use it could have been made a lot cheaper . 
  just a decent microphone + webcam in one box and boom you got `` kinect-lite '' for 20 $, 
  couldnt get into it because of shitty cars and not enough shooting, 
  imo crysis is just eye candy ... the gameplay is meh, 
  or get second hand 680 and sli ... if you have good case and psu, 
  i am very proud of my full tower pc ... if there was a bigger sized case i 'd take it :d, 
  no am1 parts ? 
  fail . 
  that is proper cool !, 
  very nice, 
  it 's not too popular but i reallly enjoyed jagged alliance back in action ... , 
  why not mafia 1 ? 
  or 2004 - half-life2 doom3 nuff said, 
  i played it before and it looked pretty nice but felt there was really nothing to do . 
  true question ? 
  does it have blast proccesing ? 
  it does run at 95-100 % when running thief so maybe if mantle catches on i wo n't have to upgrade at all ... 
  i 'll propably wait a bit until there is a game that really craps on my cpu and then i will upgrade . 
  but everything i currently play works without any problems ( sure i could propably play on ultra instead of high and crank up the antialising too ) . 
  if i knew there would be steamroller/excavator for am3 + i would buy that board and 8350 in a second but currently i just do n't want to buy into a dead socket . 
  btw i can get used 1100t from ebay for 60 % of what new mobo +8350 would cost . 
  and according to cpuboss they have basically the same 1core perf as 965 ( at 100mhz lower clock - and can be pushed bit higher when ocd ), 
  alse the siongle core perf of 1100t vs 8350 ( according to those benchmarks ) is not too far apart ( cinebench shows they are the same passmark shows - +15 % difference ), 
  but there is one other thing i should mention 8350 draws considerably more power than 1100t ( which manages to draw less than my 965 ) and i would propably need to upgrade my psu too ( that 7970 is sure a hog power hog ) . 
  so thuban seems like a pretty good choice the question is how many games will make use of those 2 extra cores ? 
  and the only drawback of course is no warranty :(, 
  you are a genius mate found out i can install beta bios on my mobo to support fx cpus ... 
  i will look into it :-), 
  i just found out that all my mobo needs to support 8350 is a bios upgrade ... . good old am3 asus m4a89gtd still got some life in it nice ... :d, 
  i just found out that my old asus am3 mobo can support 8350 thanks to the magic of bios upgrade ... so 8350 it will be !, 
  damn i am happy :d, 
  i actually found out that 8350 can be run with my am3 mobo just with a bios upgrade so that changes lot of stuff :-) i am propably gon na get it real soon :-), 
  i actually found out that 8350 can be run with my am3 mobo just with a bios upgrade so that changes lot of stuff :-) i am propably gon na get it real soon :-), 
  so check if your mobo can run it ... cause that is like 50 $ - 100 $ difference that can make 8350 lot more bang for your buck :-), 
  nevermind just found out that my fabulous am3 board can run 8350 with a mere bios update :-) so i am gon na go for it . 
  reboot is just a word the same as resolution is just a number :d, 
  it was just a joke ( jab at ubisoft who when damage controlling a low fps and res on nextgen were like `` guys resolution is just a number '' :d ) . 
  anyway i am perfectly ok with doom being a reboot ( i honestly do n't remember almost anything from doom 3 story even when i replayed it 2years ago - it was just generic so rather than continue with it which would be hard its better imho to retell it in better way ) . 
  ... red team all the way !!!, 
  i tried it ... havent spent any money on it and found it that it basically forces you to do that or you wont have any fun . 
  its one of those `` free to play '' games ... 
  but this was like 1-2 years ago, 
  jagged alliance ( both original and the new ones too - jagged alliance back in action was amazing imho too ), 
  iddqd and idkfa still remember those all those years ... :d, 
  amd has gamedvr or something like that in their gaming evolved app which does basically the same thing shadowplay does . 
  freesync . 
  nuff said . 
  i kinda miss the whole rts genre ... aint much comming out nowadays :(, 
  same with point-and-click adventures ( yes i like telltale but walking dead is more interactive story than a point and click adventure ... if they made tales of the monkey island 2 now that would be amazing  ), 
  stop saying that ... . nvidia quadro is a line of compute card ... titan is a part of geforce line . 
  steam does that ... 
  oh this ... ok you have a point . 
  if i ever wanted to play pc game on a fricking tablet then i would have a reason to buy nvidia ... 
  honestly this feature is just plain useless for 99 % of people . 
  i am perfectly happy with my small x86 machine next to the tv to do streaming . 
  steam can do that aswell . 
  you just need a public ip adress @ home and vpn ( f.e. 
  pptp server ) running either at your home router or machine . 
  if you know litlebit of networking almost everything is possible :-), 
  the main problem though is ofcourse latency and sufficient bandwidth . 
  unless you have damn good connection at both locations streaming sucks . 
  well its kinda half-open . 
  they made the api based on their gcn architecture but that doesnt mean that the same api ca n't work on a different architecture ( that is the whole point of api - to do abstraction so you do n't have to program for every specific kind of hw ) . 
  i guess though that benefits on different architectures wouldnt be so great . 
  even intel is now looking at mantle ... 
  do you understand that if you buy games in us you do n't have to pay vat or sales tax on it but in europe you do and that is basically your 20 % difference right there . 
  so do n't be angry at steam but at your dirty fucking stealing politicians . 
  well its not just the vat you know ? 
  there are other taxes bussiness has to pay and they are ussualy higher in europe . 
  have you played tropico ? 
  its really great . 
  also hegemony rome is pretty good rts with some city building elements - but the tutorial sucks ass :-), 
  i would go am1 ... lower power , cheaper and sufficient for what you need . 
  i 'd wait for the release of athlon x4 860k that might shake up the prices little bit :-), 
  i have problem with sound when recording - its always few seconds out of sync ( running newest drivers and newest gaming evolved app ) @ 7970 ghz edition, 
  amd is like the david from the david and goliath story . 
  on paper they would never be able to win with much much much lower r&d budgets considerably older manufacturing processes ( thanks to tsmc and glofo being slow ) and yet they manage through smart and clever designs beat both intel/nvidia on the price to performance battlefield . 
  ( and lets not even talk about the anticompetitive bullshit intel has been doing all those years - such as bribing oems into not using amd chips and intentionally crippling benchmarking scores for amd cpus ... ) and i do n't think right now there is a company that is more innovating and changing the entire computing landscape than amd ( mostly talking about hsa and project skybridge ) . 
  yeah thought so it propably doesnt even have a ide controller on it :( ... lets just hope asrock makes a version of this board with ide ... that would be an awesome product for rebuilding old pcs . 
  well why would they design it with ide in the first place ? 
  btw : it actually makes sense for am1 platform . 
  because am1 is meant for replacing old computers in developing countries and lots of those have working ide drive inside and using that drive would save considerable amount of money for those folks ( and they could ofcourse get ssd later ) . 
  also the same with dvd drives . 
  its not like it is some ooold mobo it was brought to market in 2014 . 
  maybe they just had what i said in mind but later on realized that doing it would maybe make the mobos cost considerably more and scrapped that idea but didnt bother reengineering the board . 
  i am not talking 3rd world piss poor african countries ( well maybe for some people there too , cause not everybody lives in huts ) .
