  that is like saying that we as ancaps should support the rights of communists militants to own guns ... hell no . 
  they are violating the rights of others so they have no rights . 
  i agree but campaigning to restrict the rights of others sure does mean violating rights . 
  and a person who doesnt wan na serve somebody wearing a maga hat is 99 % likely to be the same person who is doing that . 
  no just no . 
  there is a fucking difference if you go around and protest and call for higher taxes , when you go and campaign for restrictions on 2nd ammendmend or if you go and vote for the lesser evil . 
  big fucking difference . 
  ... if you wan na go and say that 7600k overclocks to 5ghz you also need to say the other thing ... and that is that to overclock it you need to have considerably higher platform cost . 
  just so you are comparing apples to apples . 
  i 've long been saying that its much better idea to not buy i5 k level chip with oc mobo and beast cooler and instead just get a locked i7/xeon with budget mobo and budget cooler - and now this is even more true with ryzen . 
  do you really have to ask . 
  on this subreddit ? 
  ... really ? 
  if it was misogyny then any women could just start a company hire only women and outcompete everyone ... . 
  i own razer deathadder ( 2013 model ) for 2 and half years now . 
  while its a great mouse that fit my hand very well and i am happy with it , the quality is not good . 
  in this time i had to solder in a new switch for left mouse button 3 times !!!, 
  and if you look at forums you see i am not the only one - this issue is huge and loads of people are experiencing it . 
  the mouse can barely get through the warranty ... 
  i myself will not buy another razer product again . 
  i will try to keep this one running as it is not that hard for some one with equipment and experience to solder in a new microswitch ... but yeah definitely subpar design . 
  yeah i read that aswell ... however i had cheap genius mice last me a lot longer without any issues ... so i find it hard to believe that a dirt cheap mouse has a better quality longer lasting switch inside . 
  even today you can buy new amd am3 + motherboard with nvidia chipsets :-) ... 
  ... . like regular customers overclock anyway ... 
  average joe should not be building his own computer . 
  either do a proper research first or pay somebody else . 
  price ? 
  avaliability ? 
  no its not ... you just have to upgrade the bios on your motherboard . 
  eh i am playing it medium/high @ 1440p on rx480 at around 50-70 fps ( freesync ) . 
  i would call that just fine . 
  wow so skylake again it is ... 
  ask somebody who owns a cpu that is compatible . 
  friend/relative/local computer shop . 
   the gpus still ca n't meet the demands even of older games, 
  which gpus ? 
  which games ? 
   except the most common cpu core count in gaming hardware is 8 . 
  talking of course about 8 jaguar cores that are in consoles . 
  day of the tentacle is hands down the best adventure game . 
  must busy, 
  there are lot better options for htpc . 
  maybe if you have a motherboard just lying around that supports it . 
  come to vacation to czech republic - i regularly meet british expats / tourist on a shooting range here ... and the shooting range i frequent is in rular area ... so it must be lot more prevalent in tourists destinations ( like prague ), 
  since the us governmetn is the biggest polluter in the world ... maybe the way is for them to do less and private sector do more . 
  to all those herp-a-derp he told a commenter to kill himself ... 
  so what ? 
  this is technical channel not some life advice dating bs for special snowflakes . 
  if you cant deal with people being mean to you on the internet go offline . 
  lack of tax competition is a big problem for tax payers today . 
  its done wonders for buerocratic monster governments though . 
  sadly the thing is that people hamster logic kinda expects and justifies the government having the monopoly on the use of force . 
  so i think this simple example might go through their skull more easily . 
   imagine if amazon made their refunds system an optional insurance, 
  why would that be a bad thing ? 
  this has nothing to do with ideology . 
  i do n't see a problem if as a consumer you have a choice to buy a product with better guarantee or buy a cheaper product with worse guarantee . 
  other retailers do a similar thing where they let you purchase additional guarantee for mechanical damage ( with phones ) or let you purchase a longer guarantee . 
  g2a doesnt sell you anything they only help you find a seller who is willing to sell a product you want - if the seller breaks the contract you can go after the seller . 
  or you can buy an insurance for this kind of problem - it is called g2a shield . 
  why is choice a bad thing ? 
  if they would have it built in it would mean higher fees for selling which would translate to higher prizes . 
  but you do have that right . 
  however g2a is not the seller - if you have a problem you need to contact the individual seller who sold you that product . 
  g2a only finds you to find the seller . 
  however g2a offers you insurance that in case of this problems they will take it upon themselves and solve it for you . 
  sure and the mall is the seller because kfc is selling on their property ... 
   something like only 4 % of gamers are gaming at 4k, 
  ... and + -40 % of gamers only 1 gb of vram or less ... 
  + - 45 % of gamers run on less then 1080p ... 
  those statistics wont tell you shit . 
  because they are not relevant . 
  you need to ask - how many of people buying the fastest possible cpu are going to play at 1080p ... 
  7700k or r7 1700 is not cpu for your average gamer - its a cpu for enthusiaist, 
  strategy games in theory however should be the ones to gain most from multithreading - ai and pathfinding of thousands of units should not be difficult to split to however many cores possible . 
  go the third way . 
  wait for one more week until r5 1600x release and get that . 
  that is a cpu meant for gamers . 
  r7 1700 is low clocked octacore not really meant to compete with 7700k . 
  1600x is cheaper , with higher clocks ( and possibly higher overclocks ) 6core 12 thread cpu . 
  only thing you will lose over 1700 is a little bit of multithreaded performance which is not really something you need for gaming . 
  it is cheaper than 7700k , on cheaper platform ( you dont need super expensive motherbaord to overclock ) and not only will it age better . 
  you will also have an upgrade path on that motherboard . 
  today *, 
  remember a little while back how everyone was telling everyone - `` get haswell i5 and overclock its the best cpu for gamers . '', 
  well people who still own a sandy bridge i7 2600k still remember . 
  because that old warhorse is now kicking the ass of i5 4690k even though it has lower ipc and lower clockspeeds . 
  why ? 
  more threads . 
  `` buy i5 . 
  hyperthreading is useless for gaming . 
  you dont need more threads . '', 
  everyone at buildapc year or two back . 
  now older generation i7 are beating new i5 that are clocked higher and with higher ipc ... 
  `` buy i7 you dont need more than 4cores and ht ! '', 
  some people today . 
  you need the highend chipset z170/z270 , while you can overclock ryzen with budget no nonsense mobo . 
  those data are from steam survey . 
  maybe you need to learn to read data . 
  i was talking about vram not ram .
