  well back in the day ( i feel old now :d ) amd 's top chips were called athlon ( then athlon fx ) , then phenom and then phenom ii . 
  and their budget chips were called duron and then sempron . 
  the sempron branding still lives on today and athlon does too but in a different way . 
  the obvious marketing way would propably to make some new style like they do with apus and gpu ( a10 / a8 / r9 and so on ) similar to what intel their lineup . 
  but i 'd rather they stick with the roots and call it ------ on or ------ om :-) i quite like the sound of zenon or zenom but i do n't think that will stick :-), 
  6300 wouldnt be much of a upgrade at all . 
  so i wouldnt get it . 
  check if your motherboard is compatible with fx cpus - some of the better ones were given beta bioses ( i myself upgraded from phenom ii x4 965 to fx8350 on my old am3 asus motherboard ) . 
  if that is the case i would consider getting 8350 as that would be pretty good upgrade and you wouldnt have to buy a new mobo . 
  otherwise go intel . 
  i thought sapphire was making the reference stuff for amd . 
  3.7 was the max i could push my phenom ii 965 be ... now i run fx8350 though, 
  correct me if i am wrong but being kicked imho doesnt affect your rank at all ( if you the team wins the game it counts as a win and if they lost it counts as a lose ), 
  i wouldnt worry too much about the period when it was doing downloads ... the chip was so idle that it propably stayed at just fine temperatures :-), 
  why you ask this question on amd subreddit lel ? 
  well i for one do n't like buying intel products - i simply do n't agree with the anticompetitive practices they did/do . 
  i do n't really care about it having zero impact its simply a case that i do n't want to willingly support such a behavior . 
  the same way i refuse to go and vote in election for `` lesser evil '' since i do n't want to support evil . 
  let other people get dirty . 
  depends on workload/price bracket . 
  thorin is great as always `` what up now swedes wuu '' :d, 
  what the fuck is a lommy ? 
  ... . sjw incoming ? 
  lol fuck those guys . 
  welll sadly the leaked slides turned out to be fakes ... so we are back to square one . 
  well we 'll just have to wait till middle of the next week for official info :-), 
  what use does singlethreaded performance have for somebody who doesnt play games ? 
  literally zero . 
  for everything that still uses only one core the performance difference wont be noticable . 
  the a8 has similar multithreaded performance as a i3-4150 and it kills the i3 in everything that uses gpgpu ( adobe products , spreadsheets and so on ) . 
  the a8 is a much better overall chip . 
  i definiintely agree with the apu - its a great little chip for the money . 
  if i were you though i 'd pick up a cheaper motherboard and cheaper psu ( the whole machine wont take more than 100-150w at full load anyway ) . 
  and spend the money to upgrade the hdd to either sshd or buy another small ssd for os . 
  ooooh its australian dollars thats what confused me about the expenses :-) but yeah cheaper psu and perhaps more ram ( 8gb ) or ssd . 
  its australian dollars ... so 20 % or whatever tax ... 
  i do n't have any experience with cs modding and whatever . 
  but as a senior network technician working for medium sized isp i just smell a little of that smelly smell . 
   `` regular ethernet ( well , ethernet-like traffic ) does not have reliable delivery . 
  when your computer sends a packet it has no way of knowing for sure that it got to its destination . '', 
  this one sentence basically nullifies whatever you claim with certainty about networking in the rest of the post . 
  i am sorry but there is no reason why anybody would bring up a link-layer protocol into discussion like this . 
  ethernet is just the lowest layer of traffic that sends encapsulated internet layer packets or datagrams , which are encapsulated transport layer packets or datagrams . 
  error checking happens at the transport layer - that is the point of tcp/ip model . 
  saying `` regular ethernet does n't have reliable delivery '' is like saying the door of my car doesnt have wheels . 
  if you said `` non-tcp '' internet traffic or better yet just ip datagrams dont have a reliable delivery then you could be taken seriously . 
  and the only latency issue is how much latency will the arduiono create by taking and relayng the usb data . 
  latency between arduino and their servers is irrelevant , as is latency between the game server and the gameref servers ... nobody cares if the packets get there 10 seconds late - they can be timestamped and anticheat can check it post facto . 
  it doesnt matter if a player gets banned while spinboting somebody or few ms later . 
  you bring up a good point that by manipulating the network and causing lags and packet loss would mess up with the system a little bit . 
  but in those instances the hacker himself would be also at disadvantage . 
  and there is nothing stopping the leagues saying - hey if your internet connection is unreliable you will not play here . 
  and this problem is basically nullified at a lan . 
  steambox in its current form ( i.e. 
  skinned linux distro that just starts steam big picture ) would n't . 
  they would have to go all `` apple style '' locked ecosystem where you ca n't install anything that isnt whitelisted and so on . 
  i5 doesnt have hyper-threading and might not even have better thermals lel ... but its a heckload more performance . 
  agree with thte point that there is no reason to spend 100 $ on cooling a less then 100 $ cpu ... that is simply insane . 
  atleast he knows how shameful he is to change his name and rather not respond . 
  honestly there is no reason to associate with him anymore , unless you are friends irl or whatever . 
  yes please i need video of that !!, 
  the tower is diy from ooold fulltower from circa 2000 i bought from a guy for like 10 $ . 
  - cpu : fx8350 @ 4.3 ghz, 
  - gpu : gigabyte hd7970ghz edition, 
  - mobo : asus m4a89gtd pro usb3 ( my old am3 board running beta bios ), 
  - ram : kingston 2x4gb 1600mhz ( + could pop in another 2x2gb 1866 zepellin but i do n't want to take the cooler off and 8gb is still enough ), 
  - psu : seasonic 620w 80 + bronze modular, 
  - storage : 120gb ssd from intel ( i know i am the devil but it was priced so damn well :d ) + 3tb wd red, 
  - tesoro durandal mechanical keyboard with mx-red, 
  - razer deathadder, 
  - superlux hd 668b headphones, 
  - 5.1 speaker + subboofer setup from logitech, 
  - lg flatron 24inch 1920x1080 ips panel + dell 1280x1024 19 '' ips 5:4 panel ( they are almost the same vertical size so they fit nicely together ), 
  how i got rid of this :, 
  open up firewall on my mikrotik router add ip adresses of valve russian mm servers and set the action to drop any packet that goes there . 
  no more russians . 
  10/10 would block russians again . 
  uninstall noob pls !!, 
  cyka, 
  holly hell penn looooks so much older now when he lost weight , , ,, 
  to be honest i do n't think its time for it yet , give it little time for hsa to catch on ( good enough mainstream apu will do that ) and do it for next gen. 
  i quite like the idea that enthusiast parts were cpu only - simply because that means you save die space and can have bigger or cheaper cpu . 
  and the platform should be the same ofcourse . 
  well in today 's world is really hard to tell what is enviromentally efficient and what is not ... that is thanks to all government subsidies and fucking up the property rights system ( i.e. 
  before 19th century if you polluted somebody 's land you had to pay for it ... after that government essentially got in bed with big bussiness and instead of property right created some `` regulations '' . 
  in a true free market the most efficient way could be easily calculated simply by prices . 
  ( i.e. 
  ( how much the psu costs + expected cost of electricity over its lifetime ) / lifetime ) . 
  right now we simply do n't know ... for all we know that pricier 80 + titanium could be overall less energy efficient ( due to more expensive parts a more hard work going into creating it ) than your regular 80 + - because the difference between their overall efficiency isnt that big . 
  thats what i am talking about . 
  you are not only polluting your land when you have a factory with smokestacks . 
  you are polluting other land - therefore violating property right of others . 
  just look at china with whole cities where you can hardly breathe . 
  a ) by contract . 
  its also called the `` not in my backyard effect '' . 
  nobody wants to live next to a factory . 
  so when somebody will want to build some suburb or closed community he will pay a lot of attention to other people living next to that place and they would create mutual contracts saying something along the lines that if i will sell this property it will be under some conditions and other owner ca n't build xxx there . 
  b ) law and d.r.o. 
  polluting something someone uses for their livelihood is a violation of the nap . 
  people would either boycott or militia the offending entity out of town .
