  tdp ( its gon na run 24/7 ... 
  i 'd like to find comparison of power consumption tests of those platforms cause i do n't like believing in intels numbers , but i couldnt find a single serious review :-( ), 
  sodimm ram ( i already have unused stick thats otherwise worthless to me ), 
  price ( intel solution is little bit cheaper ), 
  works everytime !, 
  ( except the majority cases it doesnt :d ), 
  i just did n't wanted to sounds like such a pesimmist :d, 
  i found some power consumption tests ... and 10w tdp my ass ... that board is idling at more than 20w ... thats unacepptable bs . 
  i guess i am gon na wait for carrizo-l / mullins refresh bga . 
  i was talking system power consumption ( i.e. 
  board + ram + soc ) - i would like the whole solution to sip very little power . 
  pricewise though atleast where i live the a4-5000 bga looks better than am1 . 
  but its still the same core and there were some serious power improvements jaguar -  beema so i would n't want to miss out on that . 
  damn i guess i was wrong ... in that case the site i was looking at was total bs ... thank you . 
  ( they propably tested with bad psu with not enough load ), 
  in that case i will be propably looking at asrock qc5000-itx + some pico psu . 
  do you realise that for 70 $ you can instead of that am1 cpu + mobo combo get bga board ? 
  a4-5000 is the same architecture but it has 4 jaguar core instead of just 2 your sempron has and they clock at 1.5 ghz ... so literally more than twice the performance for the same price, 
  there are bga boards with similar cpu ( a4-5000 ) with passive coolers so i wouldnt think it runs hot/loud ( unless the stock is utter shite ), 
  a4 5000 is 15w tdp though, 
  fuck the government, 
  if you already have 1150 mobo i would definitely go fot i5 . 
  they are two clusters of 4 jaguar cores . 
  but i have no idea if it impacts optimazation much ( clusters dont share cache but 8core piledriver does share ), 
  yes tehre are community server running those . 
  bunch of them - wc3 , prisonbreak , hunger games and more . 
   gameworks would help devs straight up port game works titles on pc much easier . 
  please elaborate, 
  well yeah but thats only for few effects ... and we know how much resource intensive those effects are ... 
  i do n't think we 'll see stuff hairworks on android very soon when even `` next-gen '' consoles do n't have enough horsepower for that . 
  i am sorry i am not too familiar with gameworks so hairworks was the only thing that came to my mind ( due to recent witcher 3 ), 
  hooray for wasting taxpayers money ... 
  lol @ i < 3 equality below nra :d, 
  thats right there are much bigger fishes to fry . . sadly, 
   this guy : get right !, 
  there is not much i hate more in cs : go than stupid kids using other people names / team names ... 
  imho aslong as you put it through memtest you should be fine ... afterall they just use the same memory chips as anybody else ... ( i 've put generic high density ddr2 - which is like 4x cheaper than the regular stuff into quite a few computers ), 
  imho you should be looking at sub 25w socs with dc power supply not a 650w monster psu ... 
  a4-5000 ( 15w 1.5 ghz quad-core soc ( no northbridge on mobo so power savings ) ) boards are very cheap and enough for what you need . 
  i am gon na be buying one soon for my home microserver ( 24/7 operation - so powerconsumption is the biggest priority ) . 
  there are alson cheap atom based miniitx bga intel boards or the am1 platform . 
  i5 is a total overkill . 
  also in the name of power efficiency, 
  nah not really they are basically parts that ussually get put into laptops on a mitx board . 
  from performance standpoint they are pretty damn good ( i ca n't speak for the atom parts too much since i have no experience with them ) but for instance the athlon 5350 ( am1 25w tdp soc ) is 2600 passmark which is like first gen desktop i3 . 
  so it has plenty of power to do video playback and basic tasks that you want from it . 
  the integrated igpu accelerates video playback and has enough oomph to play lol . 
  am1 even has one motherboard with dc connector for your laptop brick so you dont have to get psu at all . 
  if you need anything more then there is a8 7600 which has configurable tdp of 45w . 
  or you can get i3 . 
  anything higher end is imho waste of money and electricity . 
  no rashan no rashan gerjmani !, 
  +15 % ipc ? 
  holy shit this makes zen even better than everybody expected ... we were expecting excavator to be mostly like 5-10 % over steamroller ... 
  you need to add normal s at the end of your name ... for instance if your name is kenny you just add s and now you are kennys :d :d, 
  they do n't speak english , and use the game chat instead of teamspeak to talk with their one other russian friend ... even if nobody else undestands russian . 
  and when you ask them nicely to speak english ... cyka blyat idi na hui !!!, 
  at that point its safe to call gg and just leave the game and not waste your time ... 
  no other fucking nationality does that ... 
  everybody does . 
  no rashan no rashan i gerjmani !, 
  there are 138 milion people in russia . 
  7 milion of those speaks english . 
  dare i say more ? 
  compare that to lets say germany where 64 % speak english . 
  or poland 33 % . 
  basically any other country in europe has a much much much larger part of the population speaking english . 
  this ofcourse results in your regular zero-communication , russian bullshit in teamsay idi na hui game . 
  add to that the russian mentality and its safe to call gg . 
  logical explanation :, 
  there are 138 milion people in russia . 
  7 milion of those speaks english . 
  dare i say more ? 
  compare that to lets say germany where 64 % speak english . 
  or poland 33 % . 
  basically any other country in europe has a much much much larger part of the population speaking english . 
  this ofcourse results in your regular zero-communication , russian bullshit in teamsay idi na hui game . 
  add to that the russian mentality and its safe to call gg . 
  steamroller was 15 % multithreaded ipc and 10 % singlethreaded if i am not wrong . 
  hoooray for more government regulation ... as ussual reddit ... all aboard the socialist train . 
  corporations are bad guys who have to persuade me to buy their product ... 
  government are bad guys who have the power to use violence if i do n't obey them . 
  i 'd much rather deal with someone who ca n't decide to throw me into cage if i do n't obey . 
  not to mention its ussualy the corporation that control the government ... 
  and depending on how those net neutrality rules are written it might very well hurt the competition in isp sector ... 
  also isps in europe are n't 3 big corporation like in the us ... ( i live in czech republic ) we have very big amount of small regional isps and cheap and reliable service ... 
  i do n't want governmetn to `` fix '' something that doesnt need fixing . 
  depends on the specific rules ... government almost never makes simple rules like you ca n't x , y , z. 
  they make hunderds of pages long bullshit legalese with loopholes for big companies ... resulting in higher legal costs for the little guy . 
  ussually the more regulated the industry is the harder is to enter that industry which helps big companies and destroys competition resulting in worse position for consumers a lot of times . 
  nope . 
  i live in middle europe - czech republic . 
  we were under communist rule till ' 89 . 
  i also work as a senior networking technician for local isp so i think i know a thing or two about the market here . 
  and trust me this is not the us with 3 large monopolist firms . 
  we have huge amounts of small isps where everybody built his own network without government subsidies and shit like that ... and now government is coming in with rules what we can do on our own infrastructure . 
  its simply bullshit to help the big guys like o2 and other international firms that are politically connected . 
  no thanks . 
  civil liberties ? 
  like liberty to be on the internet lol ?
