   i have thought about going back to but the fucking like earcuffs make me sweat so bad , fake leather shit . 
  i have looked at some replacement earcuffs but they were like more than a new pair of headphones heh ... 
   edit : hmm i just searched again and found some velour ones for, 
  i have the same one ( propably ) velour for similar price . 
  and they are good, 
  we bought some tickets off people reselling them ( everything was sold out :-( ) - they werent all that expensive ( like 70/75 pln vs 50pln which was the official ) . 
  it was tottally worth it :-) so we were n't really waiting all that much . 
  but even then on the 14th we waited like 45min to get into the expo building from spodek . 
  i was talking about the standing when watching matches and stuff because there werent many seats :-(, 
  thats very nice ... but i am talking about people who are watching the event in person ... not people on stream / players, 
  if the ladder is my p-nis and the heaven is a 5year old boy ... * static * :d :d, 
  yup my ooold 7970ghz is better double precision card than titan x, 
  ... let it discharge over couple of days . 
  wear rubber gloves and dont touch any capacitators :-) ... nothing too hard if you know what you are doing . 
  how can anybody love android lol ... 
  i also like the idea of android hehe ... but the os is buggy and bloaty in its current stage :-( would 've switched to windows if i didnt need android for app that i need for work . 
  to be fair it has 8 jaguar cores clocked at 1.6 ghz so it should passmark around 4000 which is not too bad at all ( considering thoses i3 have around 5000-5500 . 
  i sure as hell wouldnt call it netbook cpu ( its low power architecture sure but its efficient as fuck and has many cores ) . 
  well the truth is that they dont have much choice and i would argue that few years down the line the fx will hold its own longer than a comparable priced intel cpu . 
  it has more multithreaded performance afterall ... 
  just look at the overall computing trends - small efficient cores are dominating - arm is getting into more and more laptops there are even rumors of apple switching to arm soon , tablets with keyboards and so on - the only reason why intel has any foothold there at all is because they are giving their chips for free . 
  game developers are targeting more and more platforms - especially arm . 
  arm is very close to becoming `` good-enough '' and once that happens it will steamroll over the majority of laptop sales because of its inheritent cheaper price . 
  honestly not really - unreal , unity and source are essentially almost free - so there arent many reasons to build your own engine unless you are very big company that releases many games - and in that case you have no excuse anyway . 
  i am 8350 owner myself have it paired with 7970ghz and i am pretty happy with the setup ( granted i do n't play ubisoft games :d , total war series or arma ), 
  depends on with what guns and how you play ... 
  if you only play with awp then obviously you do n't care about hs . 
  there are also rumors about new gpu though ... 
  i like the new cobble actually, 
  the new cobble is actually not bad at all . . 
  that might be the case and that might very well be the reason why we should have separate mm and tournament maps ... :-) because i sure as hell more enjoy playing cobble mm than nuke mm :-), 
  well you cant count 2 majors since we only have new cobble for the last major :-), 
  imho they should release excavator with hdl for servers - they 'd be able to fit bunch of cores into very small area and the power consumption would be pretty damn good . 
  that might actually be a pretty good part . 
  i would look for second hand 290 / 290x they are pretty damn cheap because of the mining craze . 
  or wait for the 3xx series - at the very least prices of existing cards will drop . 
  i am running 8350 @ 4.2 ghz with 7970ghz ( + - = 280x ) and i see some cpu bottlenecking ( especially in games that are programmed like crap ( total war series / skyrim/arma are notorious for this ) . 
  so i would not reccomend you building that for current games . 
  * ( however it is possible that since i have old am3 board that just by chance got a beta firmware and only for bulldozer - that i have worse performance thanks to the board - afterall what i am running is 100 % unofficial and unsupported - was kinda suprised it even worked ( granted with some fiddling and manual voltages and everything ) ) *, 
  however everything might change when dx12 games that properly utilize all the cores hit . 
  you ever heard of vector graphics lol ... all this high ress is totally pointless in a picture like this . 
  at katowice at one point during the final the whole arena including us was chanting allu allu allu ... 
  nuff said :-), 
  yes but that doesnt really matter in server too much . 
  what matters most is overall performance , price and power efficiency :-), 
  a8 7650k is comparable price to i3 4150 . 
  it is very comparable in multithreaded x86 performance ( according to passmark its even better ) and it has much better graphics performance . 
  so any software that uses opencl its gon na be much better . 
  and it has the potential of being even better when ( or if ) software starts using hsa . 
  so yeah and apu is ussually much better deal for entry level non gaming pc . 
  where do you get the numbers that i3 has better cpu ? 
  according to passmark even the slower 7600 has better x86 multithreaded performance . 
  so i 'd say they are comparable ( sure i3 has better singlethreaded performance but that doesnt really matter at all for overall computing ) . 
  and also you have the old faishoned mindset of thinking about graphics for 3d performance . 
  today gpu is much more - opencl can accelerate a lot of software - we are talking spreadsheets , photoediting video editing and so on . 
  and in these tasks the apu will dominate ( even more so if in the future starts using hsa ) . 
  server software is naturally multithreaded so if you can make up for the individual core performance by adding more cores it doesnt really matter too much ( some software is licensed by the core so it matters in those instances - but in others not so much ) . 
  how do you know they lack in efficiency ? 
  the carrizo parts they are showing now look to be very efficient thanks to hdl and other tweaks - yes they cant clock too high but that doesnt matter . 
  and without the gpu we could indeed have a very efficient monster at a reasonable prize with huge amount of cores ( compare the die size of 28nm hdl excavator module to the 32nm one and you 'll see why ), 
  fx6300 has 30 % better multithreaded performance - according to passmark . 
  + its unlocked multiplier for better overclocking, 
  not neccesarily but you were n't asking about games :-), 
  theoretically when dx12 hits we might see better performance but as of now intel is better for games . 
  depends on what strategy games - for example total war series is relies heavily on single thread performance and even with 8350 ( + 280x ) i didnt have very good experience in rome ii . 
  yes mantle dx12 and vulcan are theoretically better than and should help to close the gap ( and in some cases make the fx better ) but as of today mantle implementation in some games is lacking ( atleast according to benches i 've seen ) . 
  so we 'll have to wait and see . 
  yes in that case i would suggest you go with i3 . 
  because it would confuse buyers :-) and lower sales ( its no longer a `` new '' product ), 
  honestly i dont believe they will rebrand anything from 7xxx series ( expect maybe some super low performance cards for htpc that dont really make sense to update ) - mostly due to freesync support . 
  its a win win in case of 290/tonga/260 ... problem would be with gcn1 .0 cards because they cant support freesync , trueaudio and so on :-(, 
  imo 380/380x would be hawai 370/370x would be tonga ( maybe full tonga ) . 
  well does rebrand count as a future card though ? 
  ... that is the question maybe he meant newly developed cards :-), 
  doesnt make any sense though - if 390x is fiji 380 is hawai and 370 is 270 then where the hell is tonga = a new gpu ? 
  not to mention the huge difference between 380 and 370 that would create . 
  imho this is bullshit :, 
  because if 370 is 270 rebrand and 380 is hawai rebrand ( which is logical ) then where the hell does tonga fit ? 
  not to mention the huge difference between 370 and 380 that would create . 
  i could see 270 rebranded as 360 that would be plauseible ( but sad :-( ), 
  i am running 8350 @ 4.2 ghz - cant go more due to having old am3 ( not plus , it used to run my phenom ii back in the day  ) motherboard with beta bios that only has beta support for bulldozer ... and if i go more it throthless . 
  and steamroller has higher ipc than piledriver + you are running at higher clocks so it would make sense that you have better performance . 
  it also might have been the case that i 've tried pirated version ( propably without updates ) so i can see how it runs ( i am not proud of it and i didnt play it anyway ) . 
  so they could have optimized it better with updates . 
  its all about what benchmarks you choose . 
  and anandtech is not very known for being super fair :-), 
  anyway i can post you bunch of benchies which show the kaveri part winning . 
  the point is that they are obviously very close cpu wise while the amd part offers better igpu ( which is used for compute ) and the potential of hsa - at the price of little worse power efficiency and lower single threaded performance . 
  overall i 'd say the kaveri is better part for overall computing ( it has more flops :-) ) . 
  imho :, 
  - 380x/380 - tweaked hawai, 
  - 370x/370 - tonga ( we might actually see full cards which were going to apple ), 
  - 350x/350 - rebrand of 260x/260 ( bonaire ), 
  anything lower propably doesnt even matter anyway - so lets just say some rebrands of oland/capeverde gcn 1.0 possibly tweaked a litlle bit . 
  so the basically the only rebrand that would be bad would be the 360 ( 270 ) as it would be a rebrand of a rebrand that wouldnt support true audio / freesync . 
  and imho they are well capable of doing one new gpu ( + flagship obviously ) ( 290 and 260 were new gpus aswell ) . 
  imho logical lineup :, 
  - 390x/390 - flagship fiji obviously new gpu, 
  - 380x/380 - tweaked and rebranded hawai ( 290x/290 ), 
  - 370x/370 - tonga ( + full tonga which was previously going only into macs ( 285 / m295 ) ),
