  in that case it would make no sense to use the full die - they would be throiwing out a lot of money . 
  well played frank underwood . 
  keep in mind that 280x was rebranded flagship card ( 7970ghz ) . 
  when you reuse existing design you save development costs which could offset the cost of more complex card . 
  480 was a card designed for midrange , . 
  ... what if my personal choice is not baking the cake ? 
  the box is top kek :, 
  nvidia `` built by nvidia '' ... 
  except the fact that manufacture has nothing to do with man . 
  it comes from latin - manus means hand and facere - to make stuff . 
  well as for food subsidies ... half the budget of eu goes to farmer subsidies ... let that sink in . 
  good point ... however we do live in a global economy and its not like prices in eu do n't have an effect on us food prices :-), 
  except nvidia has nothing to compete to polaris 11 right now ... 
  not only americans are free to own firearms :p, 
  well the platters are destroyed . 
  and in the case of the laptop drive they are pretty much almost dust ( bunch of really small parts ) . 
  could somebody recover a little bit of data from the shards ? 
  with ridicilous effort and machinery i 'd say maybe . 
  yeah well i am kinda regretting that i didnt buy one when they used to be less than 100 $ :-( and now i simply ca n't bring myself to buy one at the price they are sold . 
  but hell the ammo is so cheap ... wish they were better rifles to use it . 
  yeah i should propably change the title then - to how to be 99 % sure ... 
  i honestly do n't think they would even allow me to shoot .50 cal on the range i come to . 
  eh its good at what it was designed to do . 
  its not good to be presicion rifle . 
  and it is arguably the worst ww2 bolt-action rifle . 
  it is great for plinking due to the price of ammo :-), 
  you would need to do that bunch of times to be sure . 
  if focusing on performance can bring more people who before couldnt be able to play ( lets say they played but later found out that their fps simply tanks when serious shit happens so they stopped ) . 
  then it is profitable to focus on it . 
  lot more people will be able to play now then before ( especially guys on laptops with multiple slower cores ), 
  this is the best somebody could do ... sad world we live in . 
  you might want to not say things like this on the internet . 
  as such thing is illegal . 
  they were obviously broken :-), 
  its against fcc ( us ) regulations to broadcast outside of the regulatory domain ( the maximum tx power is specified alongside the frequencies . ), 
  271mw is like 25dbm which in combination with your antenna gain will get you dangerously close to the limit and well over the limit in some countries . 
  its imi galil sar .223 - israeli army surplus remade to shoot only semi-auto by workszs in czech republic . 
  but gengis said : `` nazis fucking suck ! '', 
  except the left does not want open borders - they make it the hardest possible for a immigrant to actually start working and easiest possible for immigrant to get shit from the government . 
  that is not open borders . 
  subsidizing big bussiness is sure better than to have full blown communism . 
  and yes having some form of open borders is surely a lot better than an iron curtain . 
  the question is what will come after the collapse . 
  i very much doubt that society full of looters , that were subsidized to migrate , is gon na create a free market system . 
  just look at the crumbling socialist states of europe - everytime there is even the slightest talk about cutting anything ( even cutting the growth ) there are riots in the streets and governments fall . 
  i just ca n't see those people suddenly after the collapse saying - yeah sorry we were wrong - lets do 180 '' . 
  ( granted its not the fault of immigration - but i ca n't see how subsidizing more looters to come in is gon na help anything . ), 
  what is the big deal ? 
  cant you take a fucking joke . 
  go ahead and do filter by most helpful . 
  polaris 10 is a replacement for pitcairn ... atleast if we talk die size . 
  knees weak , arms heavy , there is vomit on the sweater already . 
  :d now i am officially on us gov watchlist . 
  so first they forbid you from selling it and then they simply take it away ... niiiice . 
  and people who say it doesnt matter because you can opt out ... yeah it does . 
  what about a law that says that unless you have a will all your assets go to the government after you die ... is that okay too ? 
  no free market in healthcare . 
  great argument mate . 
  yeah i would expect that the socialist medicine system would get marginaly better when suddenly they get the acces to ridicilous amounts of stolen valuable organs for free . 
  would you expect it to get worse or what lel ? 
  eh self-defence is not agression anyway . 
   he changes the compound every couple of months, 
  that is like changing oil in your car every day ... 
   phenom iis are bound together with the ihs by a glue-solder mixture . 
  are n't they soldered ? 
  i used overclocked phenom ii x4 965 for like 4 years ... never changed the paste . 
  worked just fine . 
  the higher the risk the less supply will come to meet the demand until price rises even more ... 
  eh but it uses ddr4 vs ddr3 so more bandwidth . 
  in practicality the difference between ancaps and libertarians is just how much of the government we want to get rid of . 
  you want 80 % ? 
  well we want to get rid of the whole thing . 
  to be fair - i 'd be hardpressed to name any foreign leader i respect ... 
  i sure as hell could name few i despise . 
  oh yeah you are right :-) i quite like him . 
  i even have his autographed book which i enjoyed reading ... 
  he just did n't come to my mind . 
  volvo is literally cancer . 
  the sound system in this game is broken beyond repair ( especially vertically ) and they just do pointless fucking changes . 
  next update valve will add aiming down sights ... because its realistic ... 
  to all you people saying `` what is wrong with new sounds ? '', 
  ... well what is wrong is that the update wasnt fucking needed . 
  and updating for the sake of updating is stupid . 
  just fix shit that needs fixing ( like vertical sound ) and stop messing with it . 
  how to make $ $ $ valve edition -, 
  force shit new sounds on people and then sell sound pack with the original . 
  easy . 
  more like give it a few weeks and you get used to the new sounds cause aint valve gon na do shit about it . 
  is it just me or does it actually look graphically worse than mafia 2 ? 
  2 ... please for the love of god read economics in one lesson by henry hazzlit or candlemakers petition by frederic bastiat . 
  i have asus m4a89gtd pro - motherboard from 2010 . 
  goes without saying that its just regular bios . 
  but it works just fine . 
  ( i am using reference 480 from gigabyte ) . 
  i guess only somebody from comcast could answer that . 
  why is that stupid ? 
  really ? 
  you proceed to sign a contract with specific parametres of your connection and then you wan na sue ? 
  so many illiterate people here ... wow . 
  all of you who complain have signed ( and read ) a contract with your provider .
