  amd has gvr which works essentially the same as shadowplay . 
  i heard you lose cpu temp monitoring if you overclock with bclk . 
  which would suck a big time . 
  we are talking price per transistor - not price per milimeter . 
  the die size would be smaller but the transistor count you do n't expect to be smaller . 
  yes but as far as i am concerned that is factored to the price per transistor . 
  much stronger . 
  almost twice when using all threads according to passmark . 
   if you can hold on ~ 6 months with your current card waiting is your best bet . 
  well the thing to consider is that when finfet releases the resell value of his current gpu is likely gon na go to absolute sh ** . 
  and likely more than the price of gpus he is looking to buy . 
  i use razer deathadder 2013 - same shit happened after a year - after bit of googling i decided to repair it myself - bought a new microswitch ( for like 1 $ a piece ) - desoldered the old one and soldered in a new one - pretty easy job if you know how to solder . 
  everything works just fine now . 
  exactly what i though ... :-), 
  isnt it kinda strange how keyboard pcs went out of fashion ? 
  i checked my country used sites before to determine prices . 
  zen is said to be comming in limited quantities in q4 2016 ( so expect real avaliability around end of the year/january ) . 
  btw : depending on your motherboard you might be able to get beta bios that supports fx chips :-) i 've done it personally and was happy with my 960be -  8350 upgrade . 
  if i were you i would try to sell your video card soon - since it is now legacy support and wont recieve any more game ready updates ( the last driver is from november ) - it will get progressively worse for new games - the value will go down . 
  sometime in summer amd is supposed to release a polaris 10 ( propably r7 370 replacement ) and later that year a stronger card - nvidia is propably going to be even later . 
  i do n't think the pricing of 390/970 will be impacted too much by those early releases on the other hand the resale value of your card will plummet . 
  if i were you i would try to get a deal on a used 290/290x they are very cheap . 
  or a used 280/280x they are even cheaper while having similar power, 
  well it uses carrizo die so yeah it has support for ddr4 ... but there are no fm2 + boards with ddr4 support and we do n't know if this cpu will fit into the upcoming am4 platform ( it could be possible and it was done in the past but i wouldnt bet on it . 
  bristol ridge is already build - its carrizo in a different package - so a high density - but i guess trough binning they can get some nice desktop parts from it aswell . 
  for 50 $ i reccomend used hd6xxx series . 
  like 6850, 
  ehm there was something wrong with you rig m8 . 
  kaveri igpu ( a10 7850k which is worse than r7 240 ) is around twice as fast as i7 4770k igpu . 
  and r7 250 is reasonably faster than 240, 
  i am comparing 860k as this chip will imho have similar performance ( slightly lower clocks and sliglthly higher ipc ) . 
  according to passmark its around the levels of some of the lower clocked skus of og i7 ( i7 860 and such . ), 
  or little bit slower than the slowest sandy bridge i5 ( i5 2300 ) . 
  keep in mind that passmark is not that great and should be used only for ballpark estimates . 
  no to 280x ( although there might be some difference depending on specifics clocks on different cards ), 
  not true actaully athlon 845 x4 is excavator - ca n't wait to see some proper reviews ( this is the core that amd claimed that zen is 40 % over ), 
  well as far as die goes 7950 is 280 the only difference is in the clocks which i am not sure as i am not that familiar with them . 
  well as for one there were different drivers for 290s and 390s at launch so do n't look at launch reviews . 
  other reasons :, 
  390/390x has better memory and is clocked slightly higher which should result in better performance, 
  290/290x had terrible refference cards which throttled . 
  it depends on where is he from :-), 
  it has to do with manufacturing processes . 
  after piledriver amd never had a proper cpu manufacturing process so if they released steamroller on fx it would have better ipc and slightly better powerconsumption at certain clocks . 
  but that would have been offset by lower clocks and lower overclocking headroom - resulting in a similar performing product . 
  it would also propably be more expensive to produce ( 28nm vs 32nm ) but that is just a guess . 
  well to be fair - all desktop cpus are either mobile parts re-used for desktop or server parts re-used for desktop . 
  and have been for pretty long time . 
  although quite honestly what could be interesting is an excavator hdl cacheless fx cpu with like 6 or even 8 modules ( 12 - 16 cores ) . 
  i bet that with hdl and without cache that could be done on even smaller die than what is fx currently on ( not sure about the prices of 32soi vs 28nm planar though so ca n't comment ) . 
  and it could be crazily efficient . 
  although at the price of low clocks . 
  but i guess that would be really niche chip and almost noone would buy it ( so it makes sense that it wasnt released ) - but just from technology standpoint it could be nice . 
  its quite simple - desktop today is dead ( sad but true ) . 
  there are no desktop cpus in the market . 
  desktop parts are simply reused mobile or server dies in different package ( + binning ) . 
  and since amd was n't able to compete in servers due to powerconsumption and per core licensing there was no point in just desigining new die for desktop market . 
  also it has to do with no proper high performance process for amd being avaliable on which they could make the successot to piledriver chips . 
   areas are sized claustrophobic like my apartment ... not a single wide open space . 
  what do you want an open-world doom game ? 
  dafaq m8 its doom not world of fucking warcraft, 
  which as a fan of the original series is imho a good thing, 
  well she is welcomed to go play hello kitty island adventure ... inb4 she complains that kitty is being misandrist ( or whatever the fuck madeup word these feminist use . ), 
   the story is there , and it 's important that it 's there , it 's just not that important . 
  well i have n't found the story all that important when playing the original doom but yeah it sure was there :-) :d, 
  please do n't :d :d, 
  well its not like he is working in a regulated growshop and has a statelicense to deal weed :-) :-) black/gray market is free market . 
  yeah i did and i remember the maps . 
  but honestlya from the trailer i do n't really see lot of differences - i see plenty of larger rooms in the trailer . 
  `` often , those reasons are entirely out of women 's control . 
  contraceptive access remains severely limited for millions of american women for myriad reasons , '', 
  hahahahahahahahahahhaha that is the biggest bullshit i heard this week . 
  oh my god american woman are sooooo poor they ca n't afford fucking packs of condoms . 
  bullshit like this would be laughed at even in 2nd world country . 
  and even if you are a dirt poor and ca n't afford contraception tell me how the fuck is that `` entirely out of women 's control '' - we live in a relatively free market society - its not like you are chained in a fucking gulag prison - your lifestyle is almost entirely under your control . 
  learn a skill , get a better job , start a bussiness . 
  who wants to do something is looking for way , who does n't is looking for an excuse . 
  just debian . 
  currently there is not much on it anyway - just teamspeak and owncloud ( + wifi ap ) . 
  i do n't mind such art existing ... 
  i fucking mind paying for it with taxpayers money though ... 
  i am happy with it . 
  it is a nice passive board with 128gb ssd for storage . 
  most of the time it stays idle ( @ 30w system power with dc power supply ) when you load it up it goes to + -40 w. 
  as for performance its enough for me and my uses - teamspeak runs on basically nothing and owncloud is used mostly for syncing few photos so yeah i could propably get the dual core sempron and be fine with it . 
  stockholm syndrome is real . 
  like cpus need drivers . 
  err yes . 
  we see older i7s beating newer i5s in modern games despite the despite lower ipc . 
  for example, 
  - i7 2600k ( sandy ) beats i5-4670k ( haswell ) in division . 
  - i7 3970x ( ivy 6core ) beats both haswell i5 and i7 ( 4/8 ) in deserts of kharak, 
  so yeah modern games can take use of more threads . 
  i am not saying that at all - i5 is damn good cpu . 
  i am just trying to disprove this notion that games only use 4cores . 
  '' dx12 removes a bottleneck with gpus where workload used to queue up in an inefficient way . '', 
  yes exactly and the inefficent way you are talking about is that dx11 uses mainly one thread for graphics where as dx12 can use multiple threads for graphics more easily . 
  so cpus that have multiple cores yet lower singlethread performance will benefit the most . 
  i 'd just get an ssd and maybe aftermarket cooler to overclock that cpu a little ( not sure your mobo can take it though ) . 
  your cpu is little bit less powerful than fx6300 so you can check gamegpu.ru cpu benchmarks to see how well it does in games .
