  r9 270 is 150 $ so that is propably the best new you can get . 
  or you can go get something used :-), 
  it seems like the gpu is dead . 
  try it in a different rig . 
  could theoreticaly have been the case that by overclocking the cpu more heat would get into your case and the gpu would overheat partially thanks to it - but it propably just died . 
  well you can hardly fault them for wow which is really fuck-ng old game ... but shit like sc2 ... no no no ... 
  well cpu is non issue anyway ... cpu do n't need drivers . 
  and gpus ussually do n't get all that supported after those 4 years anyway ( unless rebrands ) . 
  when i heard this in my car radio i laughed out really loud for a 1 minute straight ... 
  i guess it will take a long time before venezulean people will begin to ask the question `` who is john galt ? 
  no way this is real :d :d :d :d :d it ca n't be :d :d :d i blame government schools !, 
  funny how they have to point out it was `` voluntary '' in their propaganda ... 
  fingerprint scanners , guns and violence can solve the problem better than having price system ... 
  socialist logic : fingerprint scanners , guns , violence and theft are preferable solution to price system ... 
  lol, 
  i 'll play devils advocate just for fun . 
  from where does the right not to be raped come ? 
  i already see nvidia after this happens `` fixing some bugs '' and all of a sudden it doesnt work lol :d, 
  intel wasnt the underdog they had worse cpus but they had much bigger marketshare and were much bigger company . 
  the scummy part is that beema beats that pentium ( atom ) in basically anything but they cherrypick 2 benchmarks which one of them is optimized only for intel and the other one is made by intel . 
  and who would have guessed intel wins those two :d :d, 
  is there anything wrong with pointing out total bullshit marketing ? 
  i actually did laugh when reading that ... . you can even take a quizz on their bs :d, 
  i will switch to better cpu when my fx8350 stops being good enough for everything i do ... and i do n't think that with dx12/vulcan coming out it will be anytime soon . 
  its a beast of cpu in multithreaded workloads . 
  will i switch to intel ? 
  well i would have to be kind of desperate to do that . 
  i bought 8350 because my ooold am3 motherboard from 2010s was compatible with fx cpus so i did n't have to buy a new mobo . 
  so compared to buying intel cpu + new mobo i got much better deal :-), 
  intel has better singlethreaded performance and lower power consumption , but fx has more total multithreaded power and the cpus are all unlocked at the same price point . 
  so if you can use the cores you are better off with fx . 
  with software becoming more and more multithreaded i feel the fx will have more staying power . 
  so they are not that bad of a deal . 
  anyway i try to not support intel because of their anti-competitive practices . 
  tom 's hardware publishes best gpu for the money every month . 
  so check that decide on + - how much you want to spend and what gpu to get and then i 'd just get evga/sapphire/xfx ( trusted brands ) or different manufacturer if it happens to be on sale right now and has decent reviews, 
  sure like anybody is using the intel igpu for h264 when they can use they proper gpu ... 
  is somebody really thinking this is not the case ? 
  since its dll they can even have different versions of code for amd and their hw so they might run some shitty unoptimized version on amd hw and good on their . 
  the same way the intel compiler disables x86 extensions on non-intel hw even if the cpu supports it . 
  and since there was some evidence of purposefuly gimping performance ( they did overtesselate some games - resulting in effect that could be made a lot better at lower resource cost by different means but since gtx is better at teselation as compared to amd they did it - resulting in poor performance on their hw but much poorer on amd hw ) . 
  used to have mg2 then changed my mouse and dropped down to nova 2 ... got a razer deathadder and now am nova3 . 
  i am pretty happy - i try to play for fun and dont really care about that rank, 
  the router doesnt have enough cpu power to do wirespeed ( gigabit ) transfers . 
  tldr : it will be slow . 
  ( unless you have very very very powerful router ) . 
  the way i do it is through wol ( wake on lan ) + ssd . 
  when i need to stream something i can simply turn on my pc with a smartphone/other pc over my network and it takes few seconds for it to boot . 
  ... ehm ehm amd never announced anything so there is no dealy . 
  i love it when we all in the crowd started chanting `` allu allu allu ! '', 
  that was really awesome and i am happy for him :p, 
  dh winter 2014 was the first one for me and i sat through almost every match ... this year i drove 6 hours to katowice ... and god was it amazing : -- ), 
  chanting in polish is too op :d, 
  `` jarek pasha runda nasha '' `` krzyszek ( polish for christopher ( get_right ) ) '' and so on :-), 
  i even understand some polish pretty good :d, 
  but holy fuck next time they need to make the venue bigger because when virtus.pro played fnatic there were so many people you couldnt move :d ( thanks god we had chairs :d ), 
  dh winter 2014 was the first one for me and i sat through almost every match ... this year i drove 6 hours to katowice ... and god was it amazing : -- ), 
  chanting in polish is too op :d, 
  `` jarek pasha runda nasha '' `` krzyszek ( polish for christopher ( get_right ) ) '' and so on :-), 
  even chanting allu during the final and chanting nip even after they lost and fnatic was being crowned . 
  the crowd was unreal !, 
  i even understand some polish now pretty good :d, 
  but holy fuck next time they need to make the venue bigger because when virtus.pro played fnatic there were so many people you couldnt move :d ( thanks god we had chairs :d ), 
  i even had my minute of fame when the camera zoomed on us like 5times during the finals ( was right next to the stage :p ), 
  i wasnt logged in at all this major ... . was right there next to the stage though :d f-ck da drops ( last year nothing dropped for me anyway ) :d, 
  you ca n't really compare frequency ( ghz ) amongst different architectures . 
  even benchmarks sometimes dont tell everything . 
  amd cpus ( generrally - this gen ) have lower performance in singlethreaded applications ( nowadays mostly problem in games but that might change with dx12 ) but better multithreaded performance ( apps that can use all the cores ) at the same price point . 
  it propably wasnt in the stream . 
  but it pissed a lot of people who were at the event to the point that at times we were screaming at them to shut up ... and i imagine the other words in polish i couldnt understand were n't nice either :-), 
  it was n't all their fault though - if there were more speakers ( the expo stage was small and there were too many people ) and possibly little bit louder it would be better . 
  i guess they didnt expect so many people to show up . 
  agreed . 
  though simple volume adjustment would propably be overkill for people sitting right next to the speakers . 
  imo they need more speakers there so everybody ( not just people in good position ) can hear properly . 
  ( cant speak for main stage as i was sitting right next to the stage but i imagane that people in the far back didnt hear very well ) ( i even got lucky and am on the main stream camera :d ), 
  i actually enjoyed the music ... just the feel from the strong base made us hyped as shit :d, 
  it was amazing in a whole different way though :-) all the chanting and hype in the crowd was amazing and it made you easily forgot that you ca n't sometimes hear very well or that your legs ache like fuck from the whole day going around / sitting in a small space . 
  the final was much better than the expo part though - especially the chairs and it was much less cramped ( that might in part be because vp wasnt playing though  ), 
  i still laugh at the part that we were chanting what we thought was `` jarek pasha kunda nasha '' which would mean jarek ( short for jaroslaw ) pasha - our pussy ( in a good way :d ) . 
  when in fact they were chanting `` jarek pasha runda nasha '' ( jarek pasha our round ( meaning we will win that round ) ) . 
  thats what happens when you do n't understand polish very well :d :d good times good times :d, 
  and the last few rounds of the final were so amazing that we kept chanting nip even after fnatic won and were being crowned :d, 
  imho anything `` gaming '' is ussualy overpriced , silly looking ( all those color leds are very important part of headphones :d ) and not very good ( especcially headsets ) . 
  proper headphones for musicians are not expensive , more durable and have a lot better sound quality :-) + you can buy microphone seperate :-), 
  ps : i currently use superlux hd 668 b they were pretty cheap are sturdy ( especially replacable cable is great as the cable is the part that almost always breaks first ) sound pretty damn good and are comfy ( bought separate earpads for them ) . 
  well it might be unpopular opinion but maybe if the venue was better without something like that they might be able to charge more for entry / not make it free . 
  i sure as hell wouldnt mind it all that much . 
  there are other ways to raise money :-), 
  i 'd go for 3tb drives as they currently are the best storage for the dollar, 
  we misunderstand each other :-), 
  i have no problem with sponsors - hell i like that i can see whats new / try it out and later buy it . 
  however the problem is that they werent able to make it properly - ( add more speakers / make them louder / isolate it better from other parts ) - and these things can easily be accomplished with more money ( hell you could get rid of the single booth and charge more for entry no problem ... ), 
  and trust me i do n't think that something like this helps hyperx a lot - making half of the crowd angry isnt imho very good marketing . 
  there are plenty of better ways to market in that space than to scream all the time during the big important matches . 
  its common sense . 
  hell you have huge polish crowd cheering there - make use of it : -- ), 
  in the expo i only saw 2 speakers in the front and they werent very loud . 
  not sure if there were more . 
  it could be the case but anyway it wasnt enough .
