  i do n't think aftermarket 480s are gon na be more expensive - imho the sellers are currently overcharging ( as to still sell their old gen inventory ) and the price of the reference 480 will go down . 
  ( the current price will likely be held by the aftermarket ones . ), 
  are there any dx11 games where rx 480 doesnt give you stellar experience right now ? 
  nope . 
  will there by any dx11 games in one two years that will bring rx 480 to its knees ? 
  will there be any more dx 11 aaa titles period ? 
  its better than the 20 $ more expensive reference version with faster ram . 
  dx12 games in one two years that will bring gtx 1060 to its knees ? 
  almost every upcoming aaa game going forward will use dx12/vulkan so yeah . 
  i 'd bet that there will be games released in the next two years where the 1060 will drop below 60fps @ max settings @ 1080p . 
  guys i can currently buy the rx 480 reference 8gb for like 260 $ ( converted price in my country to usd excluding tax ) - however the card has bundled total war warhammer which i could sell to arrive at + - 220 $ ... do you think its worth it to get it ? 
  or just wait for the aftermarket card ? 
  ( i havent seen the warhammer bundle in any other shop - and i am not sure if it will also be bundled with the aftermarket cards ), 
  259 $ 1060 does n't exist in a lot of countries either ( all sold out ), 
  wow ... no mention that he shouted allahu akbar ... but apparently its important to mention he played videogames ( which everybody his age fucking does . ), 
  its just fits their narrative - no its not terrorism dont worry about muslims ... 
  eye-witness testimony - woman heard him shout allahu akbar, 
  depends on how you test . 
  if you test only-gpu power in gameworks title ( like witcher3 for example ) you arrive at numbers that show the 1060 to be much better . 
  when you however lets say take vulkan and better yet go for total system power consumption ( =  my overall framerates went up by 25 % but my overall power consumption only went up like 15 % ) then rx480 is suprisingly more power efficient . 
  tldr : in current/old titles 1060 wins . 
  in vulkan/dx12 its muddy . 
  even then the difference is small . 
  in idle 1060 wins . 
  never claimed otherwise, 
  `` rx 480 gaming x models are expected to be in stores worldwide around the middle of august 2016 . '', 
  that is not a real launch ... 
  because the 480 is better card ? 
  you know i just took those numbers out of top of my head ( 25 % and 15 % ) . it was just an example . 
  and yeah people measure using board power only ... 
  i find it kinda idiotic . 
  take this example . 
  card 1 - uses 50w of power and delivers 50fps, 
  card 2 - uses 100w of power and delivers 100fps, 
  if you measure just board power then your conclusion is that those cards are the same perf/w ... 
  however if you actually put the card in a system and use it you will find out that system with card 2 will be much more powerefficient . 
  why ? 
  because your pc still needs to power a bunch of components which have almost zero effect on your fps . 
  and adding a 50w of power might be a small difference overall that will result in your system being twice as capable . 
  not sure why downvoted ... 
  rx 480 performs basically the same in most games . 
  loses in few with very small margins ( 1-2fps ) and then wins some pretty heavily ( for example gta v , where it overtakes 390x - likely due to the fact that gtav is tessealtion heavy and rx 480 has kick ass tesselation perf . ), 
  overall it is few % faster in performance then 390 . 
  and it is cheaper . 
  and it uses much less power . 
  and it has newer media capabilities . 
  and newer display interfaces . 
  and newer architecture which will be in the new xbox and playstation - likely newer games will favor 480 more . 
  look at the cooler one of the heatpipes doesnt even contact the core at one other only contacts it a tiny bit . 
  its just reused cooler from other gpu . 
  same shit asus was doing with their older cards . 
  take a cooler from 780ti slap it on 290x doesnt matter if heatpipes do n't contact it and performance is subpar . 
  i guess thats how you become the premium priority nvidia aib ... 
  cause its huge compared to other coolers ? 
  i am not saying its bad i am saying its innefficient design . 
  the cooler could perform considerably better if it was designed specifically for the rx480 . 
  yes 460 is 75w part, 
  physx is proprietary nvidia technology which sadly ( and by part due to legal reasons ) ca n't be accelerated by amd gpu . 
  in amd systems if you turn physx all the work is done by cpu . 
  yes they are rumored to release it on april 20th . 
  and then year later they will release rx 420 blaze-it edition . 
  yes definitely . 
  it has + -15 % more stream processors running at + -20 % higher clocks . 
  it also has better performance per stream processor - espetially in tesselation heavy scenarios . 
  so performance wise i would put it @ 40 % better or more depending on the game . 
  on top of that it uses only 60 % of power the hd7950 does . 
  and it supports new technologies such as freesync , hdr and such . 
  1060 is faster in older dx11 titles while rx480 is faster ( and cheaper ) in new dx12/vulkan and modern dx11 engines . 
  rx480 averages around 60fps in 1440p aaa titles @ultra . 
  i do n't think saying its good for more than hd is overselling it . 
  and you can always drop a setting or two which have almost no effect on visuals but high performance drop . 
  ( i myself am currently getting 1440p freesync 144hz screen and rx480 ), 
  on ultra propably not . 
  on high ? 
  very likely . 
  470 should be about halfway between 380x and 480 . 
  ... . 470 is like + -15 % slower than 480 did you really expect it to be half the price ? 
  well i live in europe ( czech rep. ) and currently the best deal for rx 480 ( only reference 8gb is sold sadly ) is like 265 $ ( when not counting tax ) but included in this price is a key for total war warhammer which by itself costs 60 $ ... 
  so you could say its even better than msrp it you wanted to buy the game anyway . 
  or in my case i ordered the deal and am planning to sell the key . 
  but sure paying vat sucks ass . 
  disagree heavily . 
   u include the rape stories ? 
  only as dlc / s, 
  i 'd say they are more likely to release cougar on finfet - as microsoft already paid for porting jaguar from 28 planar to ff with their xbone s. 
  what kind of libertarian is that ... top kek, 
  just because currently goverment does something doesnt mean that in the absence of government it wouldnt be done by private sector ( and better ) . 
  if you were saying in soviet union that government shouldnt be making cars and it should be privatized instead they would laugh at you aswell . 
  you can still upgrade for free . 
  well i am not breaking the tos - as i use the windows zoom function a lot . 
  `` we are not restricting the free upgrade offer to specific assistive technologies . 
  if you use assistive technology on windows , you are eligible for the free upgrade offer . '', 
  so basically if you use some assistive technology you are eligible . 
  i often use the windows zoom function . 
  well you can just install windows 10 without a key . 
  it will put a message on your screen and you woint be able to change your background but otherwise it functions just fine . 
  it does.it surely doesnt equate to 60 $ of lost revenue for every pirated copy but there is a price that even people who would normally pirate are willing to pay for a game even if it takes couple of years to actually go down in price enough and hit the bargain bin . 
  it does . 
  it only depends on the price . 
  arent they using a entirely separate die - soc just for them ?
