  anyway the point is that intel without amd64 would be fucked roaylly , but amd without x86 could still live on . 
  i 'd be ok if they said they are gon na disable it for their new gen and did that . 
  but to disable a function on a product you already bought ? ... 
  regardless of how useful that function was and how small fraction of userbase used it, 
  that psu is just fine ... 
  i am running radeon hd 7970ghz edition ( = overclocked 280x ) with fx 8350 @ 4.3 ghz ( which is lot more power hungry than your i5 ) @ 620w seasonic bronze modular psu ... just fine . 
  if you are not sure just use a killawat and see how much your pc is taking from the wall . 
  well you install older driver means you lose optimazations for newer games which can result even in worse perf . 
  after overclock . 
  maybe if majority of overwatch cases werent just `` report the topfragger they are beating us so they must be cheating '' then people would actually do overwatch more ... 
  how many games do you play a week ? 
  how many people you report a week ? 
  how many overwatch cases you do a week ? 
  now imagine that like 5 people need to review single ow case . 
  and that there is huge amount of people who ca n't / do n't want to do overwatch at all . 
  how do the numbers work out ? 
  do you really think that having less reports but with higher quality would be a problem ? 
  and you know why less people do overwatch ? 
  cause its fucking boring when majority of players you are weatching are just legit people that get reported cause somebody was salty . 
  laptop modding for better cooling is a thing . 
  its not worth it :-) but that does n't change people from doing it :-), 
  the point is the feature was there and they suddenly disabled it . 
  which is slap in the face to anybody who bough their product ( there were even laptops advertised for overclocking ) . 
  i would have no problem if they simply said before release `` guys with our new gpu line up we will disable overclocking '' . 
  but this is shitty way to do it . 
  try running the game with sli disabled . 
  sli ( especially on older cards ) can cause worse frametimes . 
  currently amd is better in this regard ( on gcn 1.2 and 1.3 - due to xdma crossfire and their improved framepacing ), 
  well maybe just maybe instead of putting igpu on the die that consumes more than half of the space on mainstream chips they could pack in more cores ... 
  is it really ? 
  i 'd beg to disagree . 
  \u00cdts not perfect of course but its good enough . 
  and anyway my point stands . 
  you asked : `` how to make the core faster within the transistor budget they 're working with '' -, 
  i would start by getting rid of that gpu which consumes half of the transistor budget and then lets see what engineers can come up with given twice the transistors . 
  the low hanging fruit is gone that is truth but that does n't mean its the end . 
  the amd cpus are poor performing in games ... not in general software :-), 
  well then how the hell are they supposed to call themselves lel . 
  ... first the left hijacks the word liberal and now they want libertarian `` back '' ... 
  anarchist favor taxes ... thats a very good joke :-) ... 
  its the oldest book in the lefts book ... 
  when they took eastern europe after ww2 , they basically deleted the term nazi or national-socialist from the education books and suddenly the germans became `` fascists '' . 
  just so nobody could make the connection between the international and national socialism and their largely similar practices and largely similar propaganda . 
  now definition of fascism according to leftist is pretty much `` everyone i disagree with and do n't want to discuss '', 
  well yeah since their are n't being pushed too much on the cpu side ( + the improvements there are very hard to get ) , they are trying to improve on the gpu side to become the one solution for everything - it started when they fucked nvidia over and disallowed them to make chipsets ( and there fore igpus ) for their products . 
  its good bussiness for them but it sure is n't the best way for consumers . 
  and about signal propagation - well are n't there process shrinks for that ? 
  right now the core is becomming smaller and smaller area wise . 
  sacrifice the crazy wife ... she has roayl blood doesnt she ? 
  well what makes it `` kings '' blood anyway ... cause he sure as hell is n't king now ... 
  should n't tommen now have a kings blood since he is the king ? 
  or should n't targaryens have it ? 
  or starks ( who used to be kings of the north afterall ) and other houses ? 
  i disagree.i think people should remember what company fucked them and take that into account when shopping . 
  security updates . 
  big whoop if you do n't care about your data ... 
  pls tell me more :-) where can you buy that ? 
  i used to run 8gb until few days ago . 
  i had my old 2x2 kit in my drawer which i didnt bother installing because its hard to take the fan off my cpu cooler to put them in ( i have 4slots ) . 
  but i 've seen ram usage spike in few processes ( mostly large unpacking of files ) and it was getting dangerously close ... so i am now running 12gb :-), 
  correct me if i am wrong but they did run the sticks on the same frequency and latencies ... but if you buy ddr3 the sticks natively run on better latencies so they basically `` downclocked '' the ddr3 . 
  and i would argue that the performance difference is more likely caused by different cache/memory controller on the cpu and not by the sticks alone . 
  i was wrong . 
  i read it wrong . 
  they are not running them on the same timings . 
  my conclusion is that ddr3 is better because of better timings but the bigger cache on the ddr4 cpus makes up for this and gets it to win in some benchmarks . 
  what would be nice is a test with same timings ( i.e. 
  set the timings manually on ddr3 to worse ones ) - just so we can see what difference does the cache/mem . controller alone make in those test . 
  `` added trace-based visibility checks to prevent networking invisible enemy players . '', 
  ehm ... this should literally prevent wallhacking ... 
  i wouldnt call that unimportant, 
  but how would robert 's bastard actually help her ? 
  he has no claim to the throne and he has no proof of any incest of cersei and jaime . 
  only thing he can say is that gold cloaks were after him , he has no proof of that and he did n't even knew why ... he did n't even know he is robers bastard until mellisandre told him . 
  well i think if loras just acted smartly and didnt let his anger and feelings out there would be no reason for trial ... 
  he could just say nothing ( i take the fifth :d ... if there is such a thing in westeros ) or something along the lines that many people know about that birthmark ... and that it doesnt prove anything . 
  but his actions during the the testimony are reason for the trial . 
  also loras can always go the trial by combat route - afterall he is one of the best fighters in westeros and who could the faith militant put against him ? 
  same thing with cersei - let quiburn bring the mountain and problem solved . 
  anyway i am still kinda excited to see what gift has littlefinger has ... 
  loool you made my day :d :d, 
  imho reference would be watercooled and there will be aftermarket versions with regular air coolers . 
  and that is a good way to do it imho . 
  well i kinda guarantee that there will be aftermarket fiji with aircooling ... not everybody wants watercooled card so some oem will definitely want to capture that market . 
  this card isn tall at all compared to titan x ... just look at the other picture - the card ends only few mm after the bracket, 
  `` sli support is waaaay more legit than crossfire support '', 
  keep telling yourself that ... its simply not true . 
  xdma crossfirex with framepacing is simply just better . 
  literally unplayable, 
  and their fucking chickens escaped the pens ... they are running everywhere !, 
  hell no i could n't see another face get hulksmashed by the mountain :-(, 
  uk is slowly becoming such a shithole ... 
  i guess thats what happens when everybody is freaking out about roayl weddings instead of serious stuff like this . 
  idclip !, 
  well for lol it makes totally sense because its f2p and it makes people want to spend money to accelerate it ... cs : go isnt f2p so it doesnt have to be so grindy ... 
  more prevalent cheating means worse experience for players which means long term less players ... and i think its safe to say that this effect offsets the few $ they get from cheaters buying new acc . 
  i agree with you . 
  maybe add a check that if you have played some hours on 1.6 / source you 'll be able to jump in straight away afterall its valve platform so they know how much you played those games . 
  but for new players this could be actually good - they get to play a bit and learn a bit or two without other people raging on them for being noobs . 
  i did and i would like to support amd however few things are in the intels advantage here .
