  from libertarian/conservative perspective the much more interesting `` union '' is efta - european free trade association . 
  - basically just `` free '' trade and much less of that other buerocratic bullshit, 
  in the next few years i can already imagine all the shitty psus blowing up from stupid people overloading them with bunch of usb3 .1 devices `` lets charge all of these things at once ! '' . 
  actually i did n't :d sorry my bad :-) cool build anyway :-), 
  i had a good luck with 19 '' ips 5:4 dell monitors - they go pretty damn cheap - have a really good stand that supports pivot , displayport input and fit very well next to 24 '' 1080p screen ( almost the same vertical size ), 
  skip a10 / a8 - they are apu ( have integrated gpu ) . 
  so its between athlon 860k ( newer version of 760k for essentialy the same price ) and fx . 
  athlon has very slightly stronger cores - but only 4 of them . 
  ( lower power consumption though ) . 
  fx 6300 has 6 cores and will overclock more . 
  imho 6300 is the best aropund this price range, 
  literally unplayble !, 
  that would be totally awesome ... :-), 
  ... . those plastic pallets are made from recycled plastics ... 
  downside ? 
  where does the money to pay the subsidy come from ... . 
  maybe just getting rid of some of the restrictions on donating would be better ... 
  who dont you just use speedfan to set the speed manually ? 
  you can do that with 3pin fans aswell :-) ... and no i wouldnt be concerned with hot resistor - that is their job - they convert current to heat . 
  worst case scenario 1 $ adapter breaks ... no big deal . 
  i 'd say 270 / 270x is about the max . 
  ( depends on the game obviously though . ), 
  crossfire/sli ussualy only makes sense for the highend stuff . 
  for lowend its always better to get better single card ( even if that means selling the one you already have ) . 
  2 cards do n't scale perfectly , dont work in everygame properly and put out too much heat and consume more power, 
  overclocking that cpu + getting newer gpu ( like r9 270 ... not sure how it compares to yours though ) - should be everything you need . 
  more ram would be nice aswell, 
  bittorrentsync - you should be able to have a folder that will be synced over the network ( so everything you put inside will be on both pcs ), 
  crossed fingers for excavator fx 28nm fdsoi :-) ... pls pls :d, 
  nice watch #nohomo :d, 
  well i would suppose not really and even if that was true there are many ways to limit max fps - not just vsync :-), 
  the stock amd coolers are usualy much better just the cpus produce more heat, 
  keep in mind that nvidia cards are only efficient in gaming and other uses which do n't use them 100 % - go and see some compute benchmarks ... 
  as i always say - buy radeon and one led lightbulb to replace one incondescent one and booom lots of money saved :-), 
  well since carrizo and carrizo-l share socket and motherboard it will be a lot easier for oems to design amd laptops . 
  there are plenty of beema laptops out right now - imagine they could just swap beema with kaveri chip and job done . 
  thats how it will be with carrizo - basically few laptops model with very small differences will be able to support the entire range . 
  the cpu architecture is vastly different though :-), 
  jaguar is different animal that both phenom/athlon and fx, 
  dat agp port :-), 
  no sence in trying to fix it propably :d too old anyway, 
  that mobo has bigger problems than dust : bunch of the capacitators are bulging and one is leaking already . 
  have you tried overclocking that 8120 ? 
  fx cpus are great for their price - they offer + -40 % more multithreaded performance than intel equivalent at the sime price - but their problem is that most games simply ca n't use all their cores so they only run at like half their speed ... 
  theoretically they should be more future proof as similarly priced intel cpus ( software and games are getting more and more multithreaded ) but by the time that happens their performance is propably not gon na be enough anyway . 
  i upgraded from from phenom ii x4 965 overclocked which is comparable to your 8120 ( for gaming / when not using all the cores ) to 8350 and i am pretty happy with it - it was cheap enough and will hold me over for some time till there is something better from amd ( i do n't buy intel because of their bussiness practices ), 
  first picture : between 3rd and 4th pci slots . 
  there are two that seems like they are leaking ( it maybe some dust though ), 
  and around the agp slot there seem to be some bulging but that might just be the picture and the way light reflects . 
  if i were you i 'd put more ram in - ddr highdensity memory is ridicilously cheap on ebay ( just make sure its compatible with your chipset ), 
  for instance : http://www.ebay.com/itm/new-2gb-kit-2x1gb-pc3200-ddr400-400mhz-184pin-dimm-desktop-memory-high-density-/351034842613?pt=us_memory_ram_&amp;hash=item51bb4e9df5, 
  and i 'd upgrade that cpu to dual-core ( if it can handle am3 check your board comatibility ) . 
  and boom for like 30 $ you get a pretty damn nice webbrowsing machine that will handle win8 .1 great . 
  i myself upgraded few of those ooooold amd machines and they are great - the compatibility amazes me :-), 
  scratch everything i said ... that is socket 939 not am2 ... you could still get a dual core just slower more expensive one and not power efficient one ... so yeah linux it is . 
  i am running 8350 ( very mild oc to 4.3 ghz ) + 7970ghz edition and i have pretty damn good gaming experience ( granted a do n't have problem with turning few options down a notch and mostly play games that are little bit older ( hooray steam sales ) ) . 
  checked on another picture - definitely the caps are wrong ... that board will imho die ( start acting up ) very soon unless you solder new ones in their places . 
  and not just one is leaking - bunch of them are ... :-( like every second bigger cap is dodgy . 
  well imho you do n't really need dedicated gpu for web browsing if you get decent enough cpu . 
  but yeah in this case i was wrong its not am2 but s. 939 - too old . 
  you cant really do much with this :-(, 
  reason 1 : price, 
  reason 2 : will behave better on higher resolution when using multigpu solutions ( i.e. 
  4k 2x 290x   4k 2x970 ), 
  reason 3 : better compute, 
  my 0.02 $ : r9 290 is 200 $ and is like 85-90 % of 970 performance ... that is a steal like seriously - it will run everything you throw at it so why spend more ? 
  well even the smallest bulge is a bad sign, 
  well if you get good enough cpu it should be able to handle it in software without accelaration or am i wrong ? 
  never really had problem with capacitators on mobo ( now almost every mobo has solid caps so they wo n't go bad a looooooooooooooooooooong time ) . 
  but i work with a lot of networking hardware ( mainly mikrotik routerboards ) which get stuck into very bad enviroment ( outside heat/cold or in attics ) and caps is ussually the first thing that goes bad with them - after soldering new ones they ussually work flawlesly for few more years ( until they are obsolete ) . 
  the board might very well somewhat work for some time but not very long . 
  sure but lets say we are talking some am2 mobo with nv6100 integrated gpu ( cant accelerate hd ) . 
  you can put like phenom ii 4 965 ( quad 3.4 ghz ) in that case - the cpu should be able to do hd easily . 
  btw : replacing the caps is pretty easy ( basic soldering 101 ) and you can find replacement ones cheap on ebay . 
  question is if it is worth it ... maybe ... or atleast you can learn something get some practice :-) :d, 
  this guy has the best imho - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5sb21qbpeq ( granted it might be more advanced than what you really need :-) but he goes over almost everything ), 
  this + -1980 video is also pretty damn good :-) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vit4ra6mo0s, 
  that mobo is imho too expensive for build like that - in builds like these you do n't want to spend money on nice stuff that doesnt increase performance :-) so go for very cheap mobo . 
  and 860k ( or pentium g3258 if you can get it for considerably less ) + dedicated gpu ( hybrid crossfire imho isnt worht it currently ), 
  ah you are right i didnt notice you are building itx ... yeah they are more expensive ( you can get matx for like 40-45 $ ) ... good luck with your build - its not gon na be that easy to match it - nice sff cases with place for dgpu are pretty expensive as well . 
  yeah i was going a bit overboard but you can get am3 dualcores for like 15-20 $ and they are x86 and its pretty hard to teach linux and explain why their favorite x86 software doesnt work to regular bfus :-(, 
  do n't take me wrong these litle arm boards ( odroid and such ) are pretty damn cool but i would n't want them as a desktop replacement - microserver ( teamspeak webhost vpn , wifi ap and similar stuff ) or htpc are better fit imho . 
  jaguar is evolution of their lowpower small core ( brazos ) and microsoft/sony funded a big part of it . 
  the reason they wanted low power core is because power consumption regulations . 
  comparable bulldozer ( like 4ghz quad core ) would take up more die space and produce more heat for comparable performance . 
  you could pick up some of the better phenoms ( like x4 965 or x6 ) and overclock - but they are kinda expensive . 
  to be honest i would propable get a new mobo and cpu - you can keep everything else for now - and later on upgrade your gpu . 
  great price . 
  but since you arleady have similar config not sure if its worth it for you . 
  what i absolutely hate about chrome is that every tab is its own procces so you ca n't even properly see in system manager how much cpu/ram does it eat ... 
  oh its sandy i3 - then yeah by all means the fx is better ( i3 has tiny bit better single core performance but the fx has 4 times as many cores ) . 
  on the other hand i am not sure how those gpus compare . 
  about the physx part - this used to be possible but nvidia blocked it as far as i am aware ... 
  good quality 600w should be enough but i 'd get 700w so you can get highend gpu and still have lot of headroom to overclock . 
  microsoft wheel mouse optical . 
  he was sitting next to a pentium iii pc ... funny how after all these year this legendary mouse is still one of the best gaming mice ever made :-), 
  more than 50 % of quake 3/cs pros used this mouse . 
  its kinda strange that microsoft never marketed it that way ... and its not even made today anymore . 
  i actually use deathadder 2013 my self :-) but just could n't let such a great mouse sitting there :-), 
  intel - cause of their monopolistic bussines practices ( i am ready for the downvotes :d ),
