  well they got sold worse product than they thought they were getting ... what do you expect ? 
  to turn over and take it some more ? 
  thanks mate - it was actually the first time i 've done something like that ( i am new to soldering :-) ) . 
  so i was actually amazed that it worked :d ( they were throwing that board away in a office where i work so i took it home and had some fun - and boom free mobo !, 
  its am2 board that supports am2 + and am3 cpus so you can put phenom ii quadcores ( 2009 ) inside so its not a bad board at all . 
  + ddr2 high density ram ( only for amd :p :p ) is cheap as hell on ebay ( like 7 $ for 2gb stick ) . 
  why the hell is cobble still in the rotation ... . 
  you wot m8 ? 
  the stream was actually great - watching 1080p 60fps - finally finally . 
  i am sick of crappy quality twitch streams . 
  strange i have 30mbit/s connection and had zero problem watching it . 
  i and i am from czech republic - which is right next to you ... 
  because due to intel locking mechanism that is imposible . 
  simply because stupid people instead of twisting the cooler just use too much force and just pull it out ... 
  gpu ... 
  take the job and tell peasants to buy pc :d :d, 
  i work as an isp technician ... and if you ever saw what some people use to browse the web ... . 
  yes i am talking like 2ghz celeron from 2002 ... then yes it does make your web faster ( cause the cpu will get 100 % utilization all the time and it takes ages for it to load websites ... ) . 
  its not really depressing what is depressing is that the client was thinking its computer related ( more smart people like that would be welcome ... ) so he brought the computer in to a repair shop . 
  and those monkeys instead of selling him something new reinstalled windows xp ( in 2015 ... jesus ) and installed new harddrive inside ( lol ) charged him lot of money and then told him now its `` really fast '' and that it has to be problem with his connection ... . 
  when i heard that i cringed . 
  shame i had to charge him aswell cause the connection was fine . 
  i also often drive out to people to troubleshoot why their internet isnt working just to findout that they had unplugged their router from electric socket ... . 
  once i even went to a client that was angry that he has bad signal ( assumed wifi ) so i went there and his monitor showed `` no signal '' ( disconnected vga cable ... ) and i almost started laughing :d :d, 
  the biggest fucking misconception that i have to endure as isp technician is people thinking computer = = internet . 
  so they will call you that internet is slow becasue it takes ages for them to load windows and vice versa ... 
  going big on titan ... if na'vi gon na show some muscle ddos will come anyway : x : x, 
  best / s ever :d :d :d :d love you !, 
  `` first , despite initial reviews and information from nvidia , the gtx 970 actually has fewer rops and less l2 cache than the gtx 980 . 
  nvidia says this was an error in the reviewer 's guide and a misunderstanding between the engineering team and the technical pr team on how the architecture itself functioned '', 
  error in rewievers guide ? 
  lol lol lol :d :d, 
  guys anybody interested in buying a used gtx 260 ? 
  that thing is a beast it has like 2000 rops 1024bit memory buys and 12 gigs of memory !!!, 
  really trust me !!!, 
  and what amazes me the most is that nvidia fanboys are protecting this shit in the comments lol just lol . 
  `` first , despite initial reviews and information from nvidia , the gtx 970 actually has fewer rops and less l2 cache than the gtx 980 . 
  nvidia says this was an error in the reviewer 's guide and a misunderstanding between the engineering team and the technical pr team on how the architecture itself functioned '', 
  error in rewievers guide ? 
  lol lol lol :d :d, 
  guys anybody interested in buying a used gtx 260 ? 
  that thing is a beast it has like 2000 rops 1024bit memory buys and 12 gigs of memory !!!, 
  really trust me !!!, 
  and what amazes me the most is that nvidia fanboys are protecting this shit in the comments lol just lol . 
  nvidia not being misleading ... lol sir you just made my day :, 
  `` first , despite initial reviews and information from nvidia , the gtx 970 actually has fewer rops and less l2 cache than the gtx 980 . 
  nvidia says this was an error in the reviewer 's guide and a misunderstanding between the engineering team and the technical pr team on how the architecture itself functioned '', 
  oooh poor nvidia its not their fault they lied to you it was just an error in reviewer 's guide ... 
  why would ldlc want a downgrade ? 
  :d :d :d, 
  sure how you like your rehashed 3 % performance increase every tick tock :p, 
  all aboard the zen hypetrain :d, 
  nvidia : well yes diying in cinematic smoke is actually a modern feature on our videocards we just forgot to relate that information to the reviewers it was just a error in ouir reviewers guide . 
  and when you look at average frame numbers between this ( 0fps ) and gtx 980 you actually wont see much difference ... 
  i know it was just a troll coment :-( i guess it wasnt gr8 b8 :-( 0/8 :d :d, 
  hehe i really laughed a lot when i read those nvidiots protecting nvidia when they are lying through their teeth ... 
  like seriously they marketed it as 64 ( vs 56 ) rops and 4gb of vram ( + wrong cache amount and wrong bus size ) and it was all an honest mistake because marketing people do n't understand the cards lol ... so you are telling me that for like 4 months nobody from nvidia noticed that what is on the box is wrong ? 
  those people have to be payed by nvidia cause nobody can be that stupid to believe this shit ... . 
  and it is a big deal because games are using more and more vram and especially for people who bought 970 sli they must be seriously pissed ... 
  did n't know valve employed marxists that want to steal private property ... 
  new chance for greece - everyone in the country will buy bad rats and sell the cards for more money = = instant profit !!!, 
  =  greece saved . 
  ... its not bashing when its true . 
  i 'd get 290 unless you really want more performance . 
  its a really good value . 
  keep in mind that free speech only applies in public space / against government . 
  when you are on private property you have to abide by the owners rules . 
  i would let some neonazi spew his bullshit in my house . 
  i agree that just pure trashtalking is bs and unproffesional . 
  however i do n't think there is any problem with people discussing competitors slimy anti-competitive / anti-consumer practices ( like recently nvidia lying with the hw specs of 970 ) . 
  afterall its one of the reason many of us are part of `` team red '' . 
  sorry if i was n't clear i have no problem with people who buy nvidia stuff . 
  whatever works for you - if i lived in a place with expensive electricity / had a shitty airflow case i might have payed extra for nv myself . 
  but somebody who buys a card and is outright lied to by the company telling him that it has totally different specs and then goes out of his way to try to justify it and defend them - thats just pure fanboism . 
  its like if you went and bought a camera that marketing told you has 10megapixels when in fact it did have 8megapixels - sure the actual diffence is not that huge but they did sold you inferior product that you might not have bought otherwise . 
  and its enough for class action lawsuit . 
  and while it might have very small or negligible difference on performance now - the difference will grow in the future as more and more games will push 4gb and more vram and when new series is released and gtx 9xx series will get less and less optimazation to take the special 3,5 + 0,5 vram situation into account . 
  `` got fucked by nvidia with false advertisement , but atleast they let me buy their flagship card instead , what a great company !!, 
  i 'll continue to support them in the future '' ... 
  nice logic . 
  it doesnt make any sense . 
  just save the money every month and then buy it all at once . 
  if you have to buy something first get case + psu , then storage + memory and then mobo + cpu + gpu, 
  it theoretically should clock higher - thats the whole point of a refresh . 
  how much is the question thougfh, 
  private property predates the creation of the state ... learn some history m8 . 
  well atleast i know that stealing is bad even when the government does it . 
  were n't there some rumors that they are moving it to glofo 28nm which should be better ? 
  or am i just wrong ? 
  there is nothing to fix . 
  its just that the hardware has different specs and they advertised it falsely . 
  there are no `` rights '' only private property . 
  everything else stems from it . 
  self-ownership . 
  i own myself therefore i have a right to speak freely and so on . 
  government stealing property is no different from government silencing free speech . 
  i believe in freedom , therefore i do n't believe in democracy . 
  no majority regardless how big has a right to tell who i should or should n't marry , what guns can i own or that i have to go fight somebody elses war . 
  and about corporation stealing - yea they use the political process to do so . 
  but there is no such thing as a `` rightful wage '' - you both agreed to some wage - if you think your work is more valuable you are perfectly free to pursue other opportunities and prove it .
