  as for the cost - well i got the i7 used for a very good price , couple that with the fact that i could reuse my ddr3 and my scythe cooler ( long eol , not sure if scythe will be making mounting hardware for it for am4 . ), 
  it was pretty good deal . 
  yeah ... shame it came like 6years after the release of them :-( :d, 
  propably slightly slower to how it does on fx6300 . 
  depending on which phenom you have, 
  nah i mean 4 ghz processor - because you wo n't definitely see it turbo at all with this load.both cpus are stock . 
  its not meant to say hey intel sucks ... its meant to say look after all these years finally there are games now which can use these cpus to the maximum potential . 
  its more like - `` look after all these years finally there are games now which can use these cpus to the maximum potential . '', 
  yeah its the fault of those god damn video games !, 
  it makes our children violent !!!, 
  more like 4ghz ( as the fx wo n't turbo at this load levels ) vs + -3.6 ( all core turbo of i5 6600 ) . 
  but yeah this is not really my point , i am not claiming that fx is a better cpu . 
  i am just showing that finally after all these years there are now games which can use fx cpus to its full potential . 
  here is the full review - http://gamegpu.com/action-/-fps-/-tps/watch-dogs-2-test-gpu, 
  you can see it uses all 16 threads if 5960x and keeps them around 70 % utilization ( sadly we do n't know if at this point the game is already gpu bottlenecked or not ), 
  well you can switch it to english - but you dont really need to - there ar pictures and graphs :d, 
  yes . 
  look at full benchmarks, 
  sure but ... basically never before have i seen an fx cpu running a game at these usage levels . 
  ussually it was one thread at 90 % other at 70 % few chilling at 50 % and so on . 
  anyway as for fps in this game it looks like it is indeed doing some real work . 
  avg fps :, 
  i7 2600k 80, 
  compare that to multicore passmark score :, 
  i7 2600k 8488, 
  yes . 
  but the same thing was propably being said when games using two cores started showing up . 
  imho in 2018 the vast majority of new aaa games will be able to use 8threads or more . 
  around 300 000 people do ( including me , got it very soon after i turned 18 ) . 
  and there are around million registered firearms here . 
  ( there are around 8,5 milion adult citizens - so its like 3,5 % ) . 
  not super common but pretty significant if you compare those numbers to the numbers of police officers or military personel . 
  although in recent year or so ( partly due to the migrant crisis and terorist attacks abroad ) a lot more people have started to take the exams so i expect the next year numbers to be larger . 
  there are more considerably more holders of the license ( and gun owners ) in parliament ( around 20 % of members ) . 
  what a noob . 
  what good is a gun that is not loaded ... 
  you just need another wireless acces point . 
  set it up in bridge mode and you are set . 
  if you have some old wireless router lying around just use it . 
  i hope you still have the fx so you can `` upgrade '' to it again ... ( look at watchdogs2/bf1 benchmark ... multicore gaming is starting to become reality ), 
  i agree with you that nobody ( ar almost nobody ) should buy fx today . 
  but this obviously was n't op case . 
  he had fx6300 and sidegraded to 6100 . 
  which is obviously better in todays games . 
  my point was that its not really that great update going forward . 
  why ? 
  because fx 6300 has 16 % better multithreaded performance than i3-6100 . 
  and you already have games that show the trend going forward . 
  games of the future will run better on the fx . 
  well there is no question if the future games will run better on the fx ... 
  the only question is when . 
  it will soon be 5 years since piledriver ( fx8350/6300 / ... ) launched . 
  the architecture is long obsolete . 
  it is power-hungry and has slow singlethreaded performance . 
  but now the good things about it - its multithreaded performance and price are slowly starting to show . 
  we now have hard data - look at almost any game from 2016 and you 'll see older sandy bridge i7s outperforming newer haswell i5s - why ? 
  because games are starting to use 8 - threads . 
  and now we also have one of the first games to use them properly - watchdogs 2 . 
  it makes zero sence to buy fx today . 
  but i 'd say it makes even less sense if you have been using it all this time to `` upgrade '' it now for a cpu that is slower . 
  how is that any different ? 
  you do n't have right to force a doctor to take care of you ... and you do n't have right to force other people to pay him to treat you ... and you sure as hell do n't have right to throw people who refuse to pay for it into cages . 
  not yet . 
  but i am pretty optimistic about it - around 20 % of czech members of parliaments are gun owners and the law has pretty big support across the political spectrum . 
  just because your driver version number keeps going up does n't mean that nv is actually doing any optimization for your 8800gt ... 
  try going trought changelogs to see what was improved on your 8800gt in the past 5 years :-), 
  all your problems had to be 100 % related to amd . 
  never buy amd again / s, 
  i see you like to live dangerously . 
  opencl ? 
  depend on what price you can get for your used 970 . 
  if i were in your position i propably would just keep the 970 then.imo lot of money for not that big performance gain . 
  top kek at all those 1 % super vocal linux users ... 
  m8 if you use linux wtf are you doing on subreddit made for total noobies to build their own pc ? 
  you obviously have a lot more experience . 
  finewine technology :-d, 
  i think generalising is fair . 
  95 + % of people asking for builds here have propably no use for cuda ( if they even know what it is ), 
  white wedding hype . 
  50games ? 
  ... jesus i ca n't even name 50 games from the last decade ... 
  have you attended college ? 
  plenty of times when i was in a lecture sitting next to somebody i knew i went away from the hall to make a phonecall or something - somebody sitting on the other side could have easily plugged an small usb drive there without anybody noticing . 
  well he sure would notice if he were fiddling with it - but you know laptops have usb ports on the sides - you could stick something in without anybody noticing, 
  power consumption ? 
  no not so much . 
  you can always go bigger and slower ( = = wider ) for much better power efficiency - like fury nano . 
  price has really nothing to do with it . 
  the size of the die has to . 
  if amd can only be slightly faster than 1080 while using 50-60 % more die size ( 314mm vs `` less than 500mm '' ) . 
  then that is clearly fail . 
  sure as a comsumer i do n't care if i buy a 300mm gpu cheaper than 150mm gpu ... but that is disaster for the bottom line of the company . 
  but quite honestly i do n't think it adds up . 
  why ? 
  because imo just by scaling polaris 10 to 4096 shaders you would get similar performance at much smaller die size . 
  and that is without all the architectural improvements they talked so much about ... 
  i do n't think amd needs to battle for the crown . 
  the amount of people who buy titanx class card for the performance and not just because they are fanboys ( i.e. 
  who would be open to buying amd card in the same price range ) is miniscule . 
  and i think the halo effect is overrated .
