  that is the prime socialist bullshit - make up some ! rights '' and `` liberties '' which are total bs , while implementing them by definition destroys the true rights . 
  everybody has right to healthcare means forcing people under gun point and stealing their money to pay for other people . 
  basically you have a right to have slaves ... 
  most small isps here built their own networks without any government subsidies and now the fucking government comes and tells us how we can use our network ? 
  because somebody supposedly has a human right to be on the internet . 
  give me a break . 
  government regulation of the internet is the dead of liberty . 
  and you can bet your ass its not gon na be called `` silence the people act '' its coming under some nice name like `` net neutrality '' or `` stop internet child porn act '' . 
  if you think anybody in the government cares about your liberty look at what happenes to snowden or ross ulbricht . 
  i would much rather trust the company that is serving me the connection - cause afterall i am customer they need to please me ... for the government i am just a subject or `` product '' . 
  and if you think dealing with comcast customer service is bad ... try dealing with the dmv or the irs . 
  they do n't have customer service . 
  well the thing is i have n't seen any real-world example of that happening ( afterall we are trying to compete with other isps and if our customers feel the pages are slow to load they will complain and not be happy . . ) ... 
  in the us the situation is different cause there is much less competition ( largely due to government collusion with bell ), 
  but i have seen plenty of examples of outright government censorship - and not just china even in the fricking uk the politician have blacklist for sites and some even propose just making a whitelist and ban the rest . 
  this is much much scarier than isp ban . 
  afterall changing isp is pretty damn easy - moving to another country is not . 
  sure you could argue that those rules arent meant to do that but its a step to more government control over the internet . 
  and the biggest injustices always happen step by step . 
  yes . 
  perfectly . 
  you know how much money would i make providing isp services ? 
  instead of charging 10 $ a month i 'd be able to charge like 30 $ and more if i 'd be the only one giving people acces to free internet ... 
  there is a demand for free internet ( this post alone and the support net neutrality gets is the proof of that ... i 'd argue its misguided though ) . 
  where there is demand somebody is gon na provide it . 
  if there is suddenly less of it provided prices skyrocket and more people will try to provide it . 
  unless government regulation come in and say you ca n't . 
  providing isp services is not rocket science . 
  the technology is not that expensive . 
  starting up isp company is not hard . 
  about interests . 
  well still if there is a demand for free open internet someone is gon na fill that `` nitch '' market ( afterall just look how many kinds of sick porn are there :-) :-) if people are willing to pay for it its gon na be provided ) . 
  also i 'd like to mention , that other isps have huge incentives to market that their competition is doing shady stuff . 
  for instance one of our competitors is doing speed throttling after like 30s of downloading without really telling people about it ... we make sure they know it and to know that we do n't do it . 
  i agree that if your government funded a lot of the infrastructure that they should have some say ( or simply sell it off ) . 
  but that should be german law . 
  not a law that applies to huge number of different countries . 
  i agree with your last point . 
  but i also think they should not be limited by law to offer different kind of service . 
  huge amounts of people do n't stream video and stuff , they just use www email and such . 
  a very cheap service that turbos http traffic and slows down everything else would be good for them . 
  regular isp that deal with customers do n't control backbone infrastructure . 
  but what incentive does tier 1 network acces provider have to control the data ? 
  he has a big disincentive though ... doing that would anger all of his customers . 
  i really do n't understand these hypothetical scenarios ... we have zero realworld examples of isp censoring data , and on the other huge amount of examples of governments censoring internet in whole countries ... yet you are scared of the isp and perfectly ok with giving more power over the internet to the government ... 
  doesnt that feel strange to you ? 
  do you really think the government cares for you more than your isp ? 
  for the isp you are a customer for government you nothing but a subject ... 
  i find this net neutrality debate really strange and kinda scary . 
  we have zero realworld examples of isp censoring data , and on the other huge amount of examples of governments censoring internet in whole countries ... yet you are scared of the isp and perfectly ok with giving more power over the internet to the government ... doesnt that feel strange to you ? 
  do you really think the government cares for you more than your isp ? 
  for the isp you are a customer , for government you nothing but a subject ... 
  voting with your dollars is a lot more effective then voting ... 
  the porn filter is government doings ... isps have little options to resist ... 
   nevertheless , prime minister david cameron made it clear in july 2013 that his aim was to ensure that by the end of 2013 all isps would have a filtering system in place . 
  as a result three of the four major isps ( talktalk , sky and bt ) began applying default filtering to new customers in 2013 with the fourth major isp , virgin , doing so in february 2014 . 
  laws are nice ... but who watches the watchers ? 
  please let it not be on idtech 5 ... 
  i fucking love cody wilson and defense distributed #nohomo . 
  what a strange person . 
  i fart in your general direction . 
  ( silly people downvoting you not getting the reference :-( ), 
  there is nothing illegal about proposing such thing :-) i am not gon na do it of course and i am not telling anyone should . 
  its not hard to spoof ip adresses of government servers . 
  or in your case spoof the ip of the dns servers that connect the bussiness to government subnet . 
  but yeah you are propably right :-(, 
  hbm isnt very useful as cpu cache due to latency . 
  - you do n't need high bandwidth for a cpu cache . 
  resale value ... you can sell your old gpu you ca n't cut away half of your cpu . 
  `` faster '' . 
  it has more bandwidth than ram ... it doesnt have much better latency . 
  cpus arent bandwidth limited . 
  to be fair xbox-one cpu should theoretically outperform it in perfectly multithreaded workload ( barely ) . 
  ps4 not though . 
  xbone has 8-core jaguar clocked at 1.75 ghz ( ps4 @ 1.6 ) . 
  p ii 965 has a passmark score of 4268 . 
  athlon 5150 ( quad-core jaguar @ 1.6 ghz ) has 2057 ( which if you double it for cores and add 10 % for frequency is 4525 ) . 
  i definitely noticed difference between my pii 965be @ 3.7 ghz vs fx-8350 @ 4.3 ghz . 
  mostly in cooler and more quiet operation but also in games such as wolf nwo . 
  i definitely agree thats why i said perfectly multithreaded workload . 
  more smaller cores have ussually better consumption though ( because they can run at lower voltages and power is voltage square * current ) . 
  well do n't forget to vote for people who want to get rid of value-added-tax ... oh i forgot there are none in europe ... 
  welcome in our socialist paradise . 
  guess i get downvoted for pointing out the obvious ... hw ( and everything pretty much ) is more expensive in europe because of higher taxes ( if you add them all up it is ridicilous - like 60-70 % of your money gets stolen by the governemtn depending on the country you live in ) . 
  guess you do n't like to hear that and rather tell yourself `` those filthy bussiness men want to charge more when dealng with europeans ... '', 
  not a huge difference but certainly noticable . 
  on modern socs video playback is done by the gpu . 
  i 've been looking at similar scenario and i would rather reccomend you geting either itx motherboard with integrated socs ( a4-5000 or atom ) they are cheap enough and should be powerful enough for video playback . 
  or there is also am1 platform or if you want to spend more then there is a8 7600 which can run at 45w - but you are gon na need active cooling for that one . 
  you can get very tiny itx case and power them with dc adapter . 
  it is cheaper than getting barebone and more repairable/upgradable . 
  or you can wait for carrizo which was just announced and will very soon be appearing in laptops/allinones/barebones and hopefuly mitx boards . - it can even accelerate 4k video playback without using almost any cpu . 
  that is the ideal htpc machine . 
  taxes are what keeps economy growing ? 
  :d well thats a great idea you should be the president lets just hike taxes to like 99 % and boom economy problems solved !, 
  are you serious ? 
  ... please read some economics 101 . 
  because if you really believe such a ridicilous statement than truly we are lost . 
  what makes you think that without goverment forcibly stealing my wealth and paying doctors with it i wouldnt be able to get good affordable medicine ? 
  - i 'd like to bust your bubble its not the rich that pay for the government - they 're ussualy the well connected getting subsidies .
