  but we dont know for sure . 
  it has only one 6 - pin connector . 
  meaning the maximum amount of power it can draw is 150w . 
  keep in mind that is maximum and the actual card wil likley draw around 100-130w . 
  eh i used hd5770 in crossfire ( and do n't ask me why i was n't all that tech savy back then ) . 
  it worked fine . 
  and that was ages ago . 
  today with xdma crossfire it should be much better although game support is not the best . 
  or there wo n't be a 4gb 480x just like there isnt a 2gb 380x ( but there is a 2gb 380 ) . 
  i 've been running several amd cards since 2010 and i 've also run crossfire . 
  ca n't remember i had any serious problems with gpu drivers and never got a bsod that had anything to do with a gpu . 
  maybe other part of your system had an issue . 
  right now amd drivers are objectively at the same level as nvidias - maybe even better . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  my guess is that amd wants to keep cards close to its chest - they still have a month to go to keep the flames bright and the hypetrain rolling . 
  they showed 480 for 200 $ ... but they said polaris will span from 100-300 $ so likely they will show a 480x ( full die ? ), 
  and also a polaris 11 variants . 
  i would n't be all that caught on the c4 variant - it might aswell be mobile only sku . 
  well amd also launched new apus at the event . 
  and interesting thing happened to their naming scheme - the fastest apu before ( except fx ) was called a10 , the fastest now is called a12 . 
  so it is very well possible that they are doing the same stuff with gpu - r9 to rx ( r10 in roman numerals . ), 
  well for one . 
  we know for a fact from past announcements that amd is launching two polaris gpus - polaris 11 ( lowend ) and polaris 10 ( mainstream ) . 
  you can expect atleast 2 variants of both ( cut and full die ) and likely more than 2 as its new node and they might want to salvage more chips ( there were multiple cut chips last time we went to a new node ) . 
  that is definitely not a single card . 
  you might have been slightly confused because of the announcement at computex . 
  that was n't a launch of polaris family - it was a showcase of one polaris product - a tease . 
  well lisu su said that polaris will span 100-300 $ ... * wink * * wink *, 
  or gigabyte ( they are not the best , but most often are one of the cheapest where i live . 
  and they offer 3 year warranty vs the regular 2year ), 
  well lisa su said that polaris will span 100 $ -300 $ so there is very likely a 480x . 
  i just hope it wo n't go into macbooks for months before getting a desktop release like tonga did . 
   if this card is focused in to vr ( wich we know it is ) it might only do well in vr performance . 
  if you sincerely believe this then i have a bridge to sell :-), 
  `` i wish i paid more in taxes . '', 
  said no one ever . 
  you know you can donate however much you want to the us government right ? 
  for how long though and at what fan profile settings . 
  and keep in mind that reviewers ussually bench on open bench and not in a case so your performance will wary . 
  service that is so great you need to use violence to get people to pay for it, 
  wait i thought that this was happening all along - the mobile gpu just being a better binned chip running on lower voltage ( and clock speed ) to achieve better power efficiency ( slower and wider ) . 
  what exactly is changing ? 
  since i only have a 1080p monitor i am not considering it . 
  they already did ( athlon x4 845 ), 
  living in the sad real world where minimum wage , socialism and shit like that will never go away the only possible compromise is imho -, 
  open borders , but you will need to pay taxes ( not that i am proponent of paying taxes ) for lets say 5 years to be eleigible for any benefits - and when i say any i mean any . 
  after five years of paying taxes you become a citizen . 
  that way only people willing to work and make something of themselves will come . 
   also they are refugees , they are supposed to be taken care of . 
  by whom ? 
  you could ask that question on about 90 % of stuff posted in this sub . 
  basically nothing , but watching the state fail miserably is one of our favorite hobbies :-), 
  how did that happen did she fell sleep on top of him ? 
   i 'm a libertarian and i support universal healthcare . 
  anyone who disagrees with me is n't really a libertarian . 
  you wot m8 ? 
   i 'm a libertarian and i support universal healthcare . 
  anyone who disagrees with me is n't really a libertarian . 
  this has to be a troll . 
  yeah fucked up . 
  it was just attempt on a joke concerning her whale-weight . 
  the very basis of the ideology of the left is violence . 
  which is clearly not the case of the catholic church ... 
  that is the shitiest comparison video i ever they did n't even take the time to make the gameplay somewhat similar ( yes i understand its a multiplayer game - but that doesnt stop them from going to the same places instead of just running around at random ), 
  `` in switzerland over 50 % of total work that is done is unpaid . 
  it 's care work , it 's at home , it 's in different communities , so that work would be more valued with a basic income . '', 
  wtf does he expect to be paid for keeping his own house tidy and his clothes clean or what ... 
  does it make it any different ? 
  if the other people dont value his work enough to pay him , why should i ? 
  government education a\u0165 its finest . 
  top kek . 
  am i the only one who was like . 
  dude thats not how you use a seal ... 
  yeah - i was like wtf girl that is not how you use a seal ... 
  he did n't look like a targaryen though . 
  he looked more like a someone of dornish origin . 
  the whole season 6 is a arya 's dream . 
  who killed j.r. ? 
  did anyone catch that she did n't actually seal the letter ? 
  she just stamped the seal next to the writing ... 
   `` she ... changed a contact in her phone to his name to look like he had called her 25 times . '', 
  hahahahahahhahahahah ... jesus christ no way is someone this stupid . 
  what the hell did she think ... 
  does he use a cellphone ? 
  because they use like twice the amount of actuall emmited power ... 
  yeah i really like the look of xfx cards ... 
  i tend to buy gigabyte though - they are ussually the cheapest ones and they have 3 yeard warranty on top ( vs 2years of sapphire/xfx ) . 
  your experience my wary though depending on where you live . 
  upside down mobo-tray cases master race :-), 
  sadly is n't the case in europe . 
  well be wary of eu democracy . 
  remember the lisbon treaty ? 
  oh irish you voted not to accept the treaty . 
  that was the wrong choice guys . 
  lets hold a second referendum to see if you change your mind . 
  looks at her picture next to the article . 
  ill take the robot . 
  i am not fan of the looks - reference one looks much better . 
  like any refugee man is gon na go to yoga class :d :d, 
  depends on the state .
