  group that does n't suck - sorry bro but not everyone enjoys farming hours and hours to get sulfur . 
  hours of farming sulfur have nothing to do with skill . 
  i see i guess you are better if you prefer to just sit in your base all day long . 
  i do n't see why would it be bad to encourage more pvp . 
  i just finished playing it yesterday and damn did i enjoy it so much . 
  they just not make them like they used to . 
  this goes right to the list of my favorite adventure games and will fit nicely between titles like day of the tentacle and curse of the monkey island . 
  i sure hope they will continue and release make more games :-), 
  i am calling bullshit on all this `` overclocking voids warranty '' . 
  the manufacturer has to prove you actually overclocked your gpu - good luck . 
  as far as i know there is no way for the oem to prove such thing . 
  32gb of vram ? 
  useful for content creators ? 
  its not for gamers . 
  quite honestly i do n't think there would be lot of people willing to buy dual polaris gpu instead of just higher tier nvidia card . 
  at the time rx480 released it was also quite unsure how its gon na go - many titles did n't support dual gpu , very few supported the new dx12 multiple adapter , and some supported crossfire in dx11 . 
  even now its quite a mess situation to release a dual gpu card . 
  price , more vram , energy efficiency ? 
  it might be faster in some workloads that require a lot vram , but generally not faster . 
  but more perf/w and better price . 
  no it wasnt your point . 
  actually they have 2pairs of 4cores - basically very similar configuration like ryzen ( 2ccx ), 
  not really i think the future is heading that way for sure . 
  its just its currently not here and it sure as hell wasnt here year ago . 
  which means that dual rx480 card would be nothing more than two rx480 in crossfire . 
  and that was my entire point - amd did n't release it because people would n't buy it . 
  '' i do n't need a new build , but would like one ( for fun/hobby ) . '', 
  i think you answered your own question . 
  i would n't say it was the only reason for it , but yeah it was important reason . 
  and yes csa sure as hell was n't great . 
  this post is not meant to support csa . 
  i posted it because , lets face it seccession is a very likely way we might actually achieve liberty . 
  and basically everytime someone mentions seccession , public school drones automatically start saying crap like - `` its obviously unconstitutional , blablabla , look at what happened in civil war '' . 
  so you can shut them up with a little bit of history . 
  and as for the csa ... every country in the world abolished slavery and therewere basically no wars fought about it . 
  i am pretty damn sure that csa would be no different if civil war did n't happen . 
  and i would argue that if csa existed to this day , both usa and csa would be lot more free than the usa is today . 
  competition . 
  i do n't believe we will . 
  the costs of designing a chip are from a significant part already paid when doing highend gpu ( you just scale down ) , so its propably cheaper just to make it for the same process you do your other gpus than to make some experiments on different process ( and since amd already announced rx550 - which is propably the lowest end dgpu they will release ( and its on 14nm ) its highly unpropable ) . 
  do n't want to sound like a dick ... but bro you overclocked your system and complain about unstability ? 
  get rid of the overclocks and see if the problem continues . 
  that would be the 1st thing i 'd do . 
  when releasing amd did indeed tell the compatible speeds . 
  you can google it . 
  through microcode and bios updates they managed to get higher speeds working . 
  you can look up what memory it supports on page of the individual motherboard . 
   not wrong in saying that r&d is a key focus for them , more budget for that means less issues in their products make it to the public . 
  maybe competitive ( ok semi-competitive ) twitch shooter game is not a good fit for such a technology . 
  on the other hand games mmorpgs or just regular aaa singleplayer titles could benefit a lot from this - especially in laptops -, 
  i think this is advocating self-defense . 
  not violence . 
  edit : i stand corrected, 
  jesus you act like they installed malware or something it was exclusive access to quake champions beta ... 
  i think its overreaction ... but that is propably because i am that person that is pretty interested in the new quake and would be pretty happy to get that ( sadly i did n't get it becaase i did n't update my drivers ) . 
  and exclusive acces to beta is certainly nice . 
  i can understand you though ... if it was something else ( lets say candy crush or such bullshit ) i would be angry too . 
  ok what about a simple fix in the meantime that will take almost zero time . 
  make explosives cheaper / double/triple the rate sulfur drops . 
  that will make the game a lot less grindy , people will raid more , people will not be so scared to lose a raid to raid offline all the time . 
  this will also make the servers not die so soon because even after everyone has built a big base it doesnt mean its unraidable or unprofitable to raid . 
  and lets see what happens . 
  or maybe make it easy for custom server to change the rate of specific drop instead of everything at once - so we can see experiments with this . 
  i guess i am being downvoted by people that think this game is minecraft . 
  wow so basically buildy a catapult as heinlein envisioned in moon is a harsh mistress, 
  as a proud kekistani i support this 100 %, 
  well the thing is that the rest is n't automatically people saying its a bad thing . 
  according to this poll only 24 % of britons say its a bad thing - the rest either say they do n't know or that its neither good or bad . 
  i think some of it has to do with the fact that eu is controlled by majority rule - meaning poland as a big country has a important vote there . 
  where as nobody cares about what the small countries think . 
   that figure does not seem that off considering remain got about 48 % of the vote . 
  yes but its not that 49 % think its a good thing and the rest think its bad - majority of the rest say they either dont know or its neither good neither bad . 
  the only good thing about the upcoming election is that top09 with likely stay out ... how delusional you have to be to want to join the euro now ... lel . 
  also the communists support leaving the eu . 
  and i am sure parts of other parties are disilusioned of the eu aswell . 
  so i could see some ragtag group making a vote for referendum . 
  maybe through a sneaky way - i.e. 
  passing a law that certain number of people through petition can call for referendum on anything ( like they have in switzerland ) . 
  with babis sucking hard on the eu tit and in leading position in the government i can also see a euroskepticism becoming a way for the opposition to differentiate from him . 
  of course if eu came back to its roots as a simple free trade area , then we would be all for it . 
  but no . 
  that boat has sailed a long time ago . 
  in its current form i believe the eu is not able to be reformed . 
  before the lisbon treaty there might have been a chance . 
  but now no way in hell . 
  just looking at the structure of the eu . 
  you can see the obvious problems . 
  the unelected commision has all the power to set an agenda . 
  the parliament ca n't even propose new law . 
  they are just bunch of monkies who vote . 
  the commisioners are bound by oath to put the eu interests first . 
  not caring about the member states . 
  then you have the subsidies with which they essentially `` buy '' companies in respective member states that then lobby for the eu . 
  and not to mention all those signs everywhere `` this was payed with eu money '' ... and the propaganda in schools . 
  shit look into history what soviet government had to do with the farmers to get them in line . 
  farmers are mostly self-sufficient hard-working people that do n't believe in socialism . 
  well what does the eu do ? 
  half of their budget are fucking farm subsidies . 
  in its current form i believe that even if you could n't negotiate a free trade agreement ( which i believe you could as there are number of countries not in the eu that have such agreements ) . 
  it would still be profitable to leave get rid of the eu rules and regulations and suck it up and trade according to the wto rules .
