  ... yeah i am looking to upgrade to 8c/16t from fx8350 aswell ... lets hope it will come soon and will be as good as it looks :d, 
  ok bring out the tinfoil hats . 
  but i am starting to feel that the end goal of state education is to make everyone dumb . 
  with articles like these its painfully visible ... just recently in my country they decided that `` new education strategy '' would be total uniformity ( no special classes for kids that need it , no advanced classes for smart kids ... ) . 
  as a lenin ( or whoever the fuck ) said `` if you control the nations children you control its future '' . 
   amd cards are always hot . 
  no just no . 
  cody wilson is one of the heroes of our lifetime . 
  keep in mind that amd is right now being sued for overexagorating how its previous apu ( lanno ) was great . 
  so imo they will think twice to overexagorate zen . 
  actually the new roadmaps show 7th generation apu on desktop with support for ddr3/ddr4 ( and without zen cores ) for 2016 . 
  its most likely that it will be excavator with new igpu ( maybe on 14nm finfet ? ) . 
  kinda like they 've done with lanno, 
  well they will compete with more cores and hyperthreading ... kinda like the phenom ii vs first-gen i7 days . 
  we 'll likely see 4c/8t matching i5 4c/4t for cheaper price , 6c/12t against i7 4c/8t and 8c/16t against whatever else . 
  and by the time it will release singlethreaded performance wont be nearly as much important ( with dx 12 and vulcan ) and be franky good enough . 
  also zen fx cpus wont have igpu taking up half of the die space as intel mainstream cpus do = smaller die , higher yields , more chips out of a wafer , cheaper . 
  well its a marketing slide you cant read too much into it ... they simply wanted to convey that while bulldozer -  excavator were gradual improvements , zen is gon na be a big jump . 
  steamroller was around 10 % more singlethreaded and + -15 % more multithreaded ipc . 
  excavator is gon na be around 5 % ( we dont have the silicon yet - just rumors ) . 
  if you add those up you suddenly get 60 % -70 % more ipc than the current fx lineup . 
  ... the question though is does it count smt because that will be propably another 20 % when you get all the 16threads running . 
  overall certainly seems like a good upgrade for my fx8350, 
  ipc wise it certainly is . 
  however we dont know how hich its gon na clock . 
  5 % over 8cores is still 5 % ... thats not how math works :-), 
  yes but you forgot steamroller . 
  that added around 10 % singlethreaded ipc and 15 % multithreaded . 
  lot of people are skeptical about how amd calculates the 40 % well keep in mind that amd is right now being sued for overexagorating how its previous apu ( lanno ) was great . 
  so imo they will think twice to overexagorate zen . 
  however that doesnt necessarily mean the part will be great - remember clocks matter . 
  and we dont know how it will clock yet . 
  btw also remember that its 40 % over excavator - not 40 % over piledriver ( which is the current fx line ) . 
  that means its 62-69 % over piledriver ( depending on how you count ) . 
  that would put it at like 25 % more ipc than sandy . 
  so if the number is correct then infact this will be a pretty damn good part . 
  also dont forget smt ( if that is not factored in the 40 % number which imo it shouldnt be ) will add another 20 % multithreaded performance . 
  and do n't forget amd is not putting igpu on fx chips - which take up half of the die on intel mainstream chips . 
  meaning the chips can be smaller and cheaper . 
  zen based apus are comming 2017 . 
  amd said that this is so small that the impact it basically zero impact . 
  but we 'll have to wait for benchmarks :-), 
  imho 3.5 ghz with 4ghz turbo could be realistic . 
  well on the slide they are still calling it fx . 
  i hope its just a placeholder ... and yes phenom z would sound good :-), 
   especially for gaming , single thread perf is king , and 4 cores is enough . 
  look at gta v or battlefield 4 . 
  games and other softwere are getting more and more multithreaded ... the problem with piledriver was that it simply was that it came before its time . 
  and the second problem was that quite frankly the singlethread performance wasnt good enough . 
  if it were only worse than intel by 10-20 % the problem wouldnt really be there ... 
  but with sandy everything changed ... 
  and please tell me you do n't believe that bullshit how intel igpu and nvidia gpu is somehow gon na sing around the fire and sing kombayh ... cause news flash its not happening . 
  nvidia even went as far as to disable hardware physx when it found second amd gpu in the system . 
  bend over some more please so the government can stick that big ass cock into your ass . 
  you want to blame governmentt taxes on capitalism ? 
  nice logic lol, 
  they are better binned 8350 ... they will attain 5ghz with lower voltages . 
  yes ... well thats what the / u/el _ cid said . 
  ... and you said no . 
  make up your mind mate . 
  bulldozer was never hyped as great jump in single threaded performance though ... look at the original slides :-) ... 
  from where did you get that ? 
  that accumulates to 62-70 % over piledriver . 
  meaning if they can keep the clocks high we have a winner . 
  well if you can take those 40 % at face value than that means zen will be 62-70 % better than piledriver ... which puts it around 20 % -25 % better than sandy ( passmark ) ... with more cores . 
  carrizo is only mobile . 
  excavator desktop apu is coming in 2016 . 
  its 40 % over yet unreleased excavater - that means 62 % -70 % over the current fx lineup ( piledriver ) . 
  they have acces to 14nm regardless . 
  globalfoundries licensed that process from samsung and is now making 14nm aswell . 
  thats the process zen will most likely be on . 
  what productivity applications ? 
  please name a few . 
  yep its hard to compete in lowend when there is bunch more arm competitors + intel is giving chips for free ( contra revenue ) . 
  they do n't really have much of choice than to go for intel 's bread and butter market . 
  usb flashdrive, 
  well they do n't have much choice . 
  they 've won at the lowend ... the cat cores expecially mullins are much better than the competition ( and at much worse manufacturing process ) . . yet we did n't see a single tablet desing win due to intel 's contra revenue . 
  so their only option is to go at intels bread and butter - the mid-highend performance segment where they ca n't afford those dirty practices ... 
  add to it that intel has been focusing mostly on mobile with only small improvements on desktop and droping tdp all the time ... + half of their mainstream chips are taken by igpu which is kinda useless for people buying them . 
  + they have very expensive hedt platform which gets updates later . 
  if you add those things together i can easily see amd with cheaper platform taking their sales . 
  not to mention their chips can be made cheaper ( due to no igpu ) . 
  well if the activity stays at 92 % its not really idle is it ? 
  therefore it has nothing to do with temperature . 
  there is simple some problem in the software that makes your gpu work all the time . 
  there is a microsoft tool called `` windows 7 usb download tool '' it works with 8.1 aswell . 
  you just download iso from the internet and use your licence key during instalation . 
  relation without trust is a shitty one . 
  dump him . 
  you do n't know what he will lie about next time . 
  hand  girlfriend, 
  ... not everybody is on reddit . 
  excuse me ? 
  its just psychology - if you are cheating in a videogame for no gain just to feel better about yourself and make other people angry what does that tell about you as a person ? 
  lying on top of that ? 
  well intel still has pentiums , celerons , xeons and now atom based chips x3 x5 x7 . 
  so i would n't really call that any less confusing . 
  amd are n't much worse - instead of celerons and pentiums they have sempron and athlon lines . 
  apus are a4 a6 a8 and a10 .
