  its kinda for historical reasons - am3 + is nothing but evolution of the am2 socket which thanks to it has some limited backwards compatibility ( you can use am3 cpus in am3 + board and some better am3 boards got bios updates to support fx cpus ), 
  where as their fm line was specifically made for the revolutionary concept of apus and therefore at first there was very quick iteration time and changes ( basically single line of cpus for one platform , fm1 gave way to fm2 and then fm2 + very very quickly ) . 
  another problem was that they did n't have a good manufacturing proccess to shrink their high performance fx lineup so they only focused on the apu side where low power is much more important ( which was unexpected failure of global foundries ; intel doesnt have this problem because they own their own foundries ) . 
  so while am3 + got older and older without upgrade it did n't make any sense for them to port those old cpus to fm2 + . 
  my guess is that with their new cpu core ( zen ) they are gon na launch single patform . 
  if you get the kill and die you 've done your job as an entry fragger . 
  if you did n't get the kill but your support did trade frag then you did you 've done your job aswell . 
  if you get the kill and die you 've done your job as an entry fragger . 
  if you did n't get the kill but your support did trade frag then you did you 've done your job aswell . 
  just a jab at nvidia fanbois always complaining amd is too late with drivers maybe , 
  well then you should get an eye exam . 
  because we have unregaluted market ... lol news flash there are so many laws even the government ca n't count how many there are ... 
  sry for ot stupid question : what is the origin of the meme of adding `` ino '' to everything ? 
  you can overclock locked cpu with fsb - it is harder to do and there are limiting factors ( raising fsb raises all the clocks at once - including ram/igpu and so on - so there are lot more points of failure and lot more possible instability - you have to downclock ram and so on ) . 
  unlocked cpu means you can change only the cpu multiplier therefore its very straightforward to overclock only a cpu . 
  i would only suggest buying that cpu for gaming if you are planning to overclock it . 
  it is much better than your current cpu even at stock . 
  but it has not very good single core performance therefore it will bottleneck you in some games that ca n't use all the cores properly ( this will hopefully/likely change with dx12 ), 
  860k has slightly better singlethreaded performance while having two less cores . 
  860k also has worse overclocking potential . 
  i 'd rather have the fx and overclock it ... but thats just me . 
  sell your gpu and get a better one . 
  crossfire only makes sense at the high end, 
  indeed but in the same way you ca n't say that because it happens in regulated market it must happen in unregulated . 
  friends ? 
  under stock cooler yes . 
  with decent cooler no not really . 
  i do . 
  i am faightful to my only grill !, 
  it did n't cheat on me once and always does everything i need . 
  all the great bbq we 've had together ... we are a great team ... 
  top kek, 
  really ? 
  please tell me your reasoning . 
  in free unregulated market there are by definition lot less bariers to entry ( = regulations ) therefore more competition . 
  and more competition means those things wo n't happen or atleast wo n't happen nearly as often as in regulated market . 
  and by definition `` crony capitalism '' doesnt happen in unregulated market ... 
  how would i feel ? 
  well i would stop buying comcast service and turn to competition ... well i certianly wouldnt run to government to implement more rules and barriers to make entry into the field and competition more difficult ... ... and then scream its the fault of `` free '' market . 
  i disagree with point 5 . 
  something as general as this should never be said ... . for instance amd current cpus are safe up to 70c socket temp but only 62c core temp . 
  you need to find out specifically what is your cpu maximum operating temperature ... 
  manufacturer website, 
  but then there is no incentive to improve lastmile infrastructure because the company that will do it gets no benefit from it . 
  classical problem which the economist call tragedy of the commons . 
  the only way bussiness could benefit from government in unreguled market is from straight up taking taxpayers money - which is lot harder to `` explain '' to your constituents then some bullshit excuse that its against `` monopolies '' or `` agresive competition '' or whatever reasoning they use to sway economicly illiterate people . 
  ( of course as an anarcho-capitalist no-government would be the end goal ), 
  and about monopolies . 
  there isnt any historical evidence that supports what you claim . 
  there is a lot of evidence of governmetn creating monopolies though ( even the word monopoly has origin of meaning `` privilege given by king to be the sole provider of x '' . ), 
  the government itself is a violent monopoly . 
  if you mean the economist theory of `` perfect competition '' then i would suggest you read something else aswell . 
  not bad actually . 
  what however seems more strange is that gta is so crazily gpu intensive ( only 100fps @ 1080p with 980sli ? 
  that is pretty bad imo ) . 
  i hope i can get reasonably good performance with my 7970ghz edition + 8350@4.2ghz :-), 
  nvidia x1 is not a direct competitor because its arm . 
  it might be very indirect competitor ( trough chromebooks and some semicustom devices ) . 
  the competitor for carrizo / carrizo-l are definitely intel x86 chips . 
  as a fellow czech - he is a member of essentially the czech libertarian party ( strana svobodn\u00fdch ob\u010dan\u016f ) - they got 5 % in the last election and have a mp in the europarliament . 
  its propably just a publicity stunt but what the hell i support it :-), 
  at 4k are you joking ? 
  but the most bang for your buck would be to get r9 290 + aftermarket cooler and overclock your cpu . 
   pu clocked to 1110 right now . 
  i plan on doing a video in the future on how i overclocked it ( it was n't easy ) but basic, 
  you should be able to do it in windows with amd overdrive though right ? 
  or alternatively try overclocking the fsb for better memory + gpu performance , but i am not sure how stable that is on fm2 + platform . 
  ( geting the 7650k very soon and i am not sure if my budget board supports it ), 
  amd overdrive should be able to overclock the gpu ( atleast it was able to do it for my laptop trinity apu ), 
  ofcourse but he asked what would get hin the most bang for his budget of 300 $, 
  a common form of crony capitalism is to hire a friend 's business to fulfill a `` necessary '' public service . 
  like road building . 
  it really is n't that hard to explain to your constituents that you hired someone to build a road . 
  i live in post-comunist country and let me tell you after the few years of crony capitalism we have had here ... almost every newspaper is looking into every government contract that gets assigned . 
  so there are a lot of eyes watching this form of cronyism - and its fairly easy to see corruption ( contracts that are tailored to obviously benefit one of the possible winners , contracts that are called with a very short timespan so potential competitors have less time to prepare their presenations , contracts that are awarded without auction , contracts that are awarded to a bussiness who asks higher price even when there are competitors offering better deals and so on . ) . 
  we have had many instances of bussineses/media suing and government officials ending in jail . 
  its a lot harder to put someone in jail for requiring extra training/high minimum wage or other regulation that obviously benefit established corporations over potential new bussinesses . 
  i would even classify this as what i said in the first place - handing out taxpayers money . 
   standard oil . 
  us steel . 
  this is largely a myth . 
  company being largest supplier with greatest market share does n't neccesarilly mean they 've done anything wrong . 
  for instance standard oil dropped the price of kerosene by half during the years of alleged monopolist practices ... are n't monopolies supposed to raise prices ? 
  that was possible trough eliminating waste , using economies of scale and better refining of oil . 
  rockefeller is even famous for using every possible oil product and inventing stuff like vaseline which was previously just waste . 
  how the hell is that bad ? 
  in my view somebody like that is a hero not a `` robber baron '' . 
  company like that is supposed to be rewarded - its the so called inventing of better mousetrap . 
  carnegies steel is very similar - he made massively lowered the price of steel . 
  again what a terrible crime . 
  and also keep in mind that before government acted and broke up those companies other competitors were starting to pop up and the marketshare of alleged monopolies was declining . 
  hating on these guys would be like hating on google fiber lets say in 2020 when they get like 80 % marketshare while giving everybody massively faster internet speeds then before . 
  bottom line - if you are allowed to enter the market its not a monopoly . 
  not like post office / police / fed those are true monopolies ... try compete with them . 
  just look at government in the 90s getting crazy about microsoft being `` monopoly '' with internet explorer ... nowadays we laugh at it . 
  they were the first to give web browser for free but competition figured how to make money doing that and give out better product . 
  ie is now dead ... something that no government official could imagine ... 
  i would suggest you read the politically incorrect guide to american history for more about the `` robber barrons '' . 
  and hanry hazzlits famous economics in one lesson for general understanding of economics . 
  `` 8/8 '' - ign,
