  ( unless your roof is slanted at a high angle . ), 
  to be fair the 16core is not really all that relevant to pcgaming . 
   '' ... email from clemmons to her fellow commissioners ... '', 
  why am i not suprised that the commisioner is a women ? 
   `` eight months later i find out i 'm charged with assault ... '', 
  how does this even work ? 
  officer i 'd like to report a crime ... yeah ? 
  when did that happen ? 
  ... about a year ago . 
  so do you have any evidence ? 
  nah , not really just my testimony and my vagina . 
  ps2 is superior to usb ... . sorry that is a simple fact . 
  a ) you do n't need drivers to use ps2 , where as it already happened to me multiple times ( for instance installing win7 on brand new motherboard - install disk couldnt recognize chipset =  usb didnt work keyboard ), 
  b ) its interupt based vs polling based ( lower latency + less cpu load ), 
  c ) has n-key rollover, 
  if i had a choice between a mobo with or without ps2 i 'd be willing to pick to one with ps2 even at a slight price difference . 
  begun the core war has . 
  kabylake = = skylake as far as cpu tech goes . 
  what is different is a the manufacturing process ( and also igpu is newer ) being more mature = meaning intel can release the same cpus at slightly higher frequencies . 
  eh depends on your price range - if you were planning to buy mainstream chip then there is no point in waiting - those cpus are all on expensive quadchannel platform - so motherboards will be expensive compared to your regular 1156/am4, 
  how would they be comparable if they costed a lot more ? 
  comparing such a high core count cpu by anything other than price or performance is stupid . 
  i am sorry but nobody really cares if intel 14 core cpu is as fast as amd 16-core cpu ... 
  there is no application that magically uses up to 14cores and anything more is wasted . 
  what matters is pure multithreaded performance per watt . 
  and it would 've been a better show ... her scenes are mostly boring . 
  it was voted on . 
  you lost . 
  well its obvious why tesla wants this ... fossil fuel is their biggest competition and their cars are not competitive without subsidies ... 
  why does apple , microsoft or google want it though ? 
  they are likely trying to ramp up production - but it takes time ... 
  `` large designs at tsmc typically have 6-8 week turnaround . 
  this is just for the silica . 
  packaging , test , etc. 
  add more time before you actually have something that can be mounted on a board . '', 
  so that means if they want more they will have more after lets say 3months ... not now . 
  1x1 wifi ? 
  top kek . 
  what a shit -, 
  not sure actually it was quote from a different redditor - i found it through google . 
  i am sorry to burst your bubble :-) but large companies are responsible to their shareholders not to `` earth '' . 
  and voicing your opinion on a very polarizing issue is very bad corporate policy that hurts bussiness . 
  tesla can afford because people who support trump are not likely to buy their cars anyway . 
  industry leaders are free to abide by the rules set by the paris agreement ... just piss off and do n't force other people, 
  you are acting like signing on to a global wealth redistribution scam cloaked as enviromentalism is gon na take as closer to a free society and protecting the nap ... 
  you should read `` blue planet in green schackles '' by vaclav klaus . 
  the subtitle speaks for itself - `` what is in danger : climate or freedom ? '', 
  a ) its not about pollution - its about co2 emmisions . 
  co2 is inert gas - not a pollutant . 
  b ) giving the government more power to regulate co2 is not a great idea . 
  you are literally giving them the power to regulate what you breathe out . 
  everything everyone does produces co2 ... . stopping that is nothing short of stopping the civilization . 
  and that is not nap friendly . 
   positing the possibility of somebody incompetently trying and failing to stop it is irrelevant to my comment . 
  what ? 
  you are in favor of government action . 
  and then proceed to say that if government somehow fails to accomplish what it plans to ( like it always fucking does ) then that is irrelevant . 
  no its not irrelevant . 
  we are not against caring about the enviroment . 
  we just do n't believe that government can accomplish this goal without doing much more serious harm . 
  and destroying bussiness , livelyhoods , stealing their money and sending it to someone else is much more fucking serious violation of nap than the fact that like 100 years down the road the earth might be a little bit warmer ( which might be actually a net positive for the globe ) . 
  paris agreement is about co2 which is inert gas - not about air pollution . 
  not a router but an ap - ubiquiti unifi lr, 
  what people call a `` router '' is actually a combination of devices - usually a router , switch and wireless ap ( access point ) ... 
  the prodect i specified is only dedicated ap - meaning you still need a device to route and nat your traffic to the internet . 
  the advantage of ubnt unifi system is that you can have multiple unifis all around your house and they are managed centrally , communicate between each other and can therefore do a lot more and a better job then a single consumer unit with very limited settings . 
  the best way for networking in large areas is for every ap to have a wired connection to a the network . 
  there are different ways ( mesh networking ) but they are not optimal as they use precious wireless spectrum to transfer data between one another - wasting bandwidth and adding latency . 
  i 'd suggest connecting everything with wire - especially pcs . 
  its worth it . 
  and its cheaper in the long run than to deal with and troubleshoot complex wifi systems . 
  ( especially since running the cable is something anyone can do ... where as setting up networks is not so easy ) . 
  as for your original question - what router has the longest range ... basically the range is limited by tx power and antennas - but there is hard limit set by regulation agencies ( maximum eirp ) so unless you are buying a really cheap device that you are gon na hit the limit . 
  how far do they cover ? 
  well most 2,4 ghz aps can easily go through a single brick wall and still offer nice signal . 
  going through two walls is harder and can be achieved pretty well by nice 2x2 ap . 
  three walls - not good . 
  ( of course material and obstacles in the rooms matter ), 
  so yeah if you have a basic smallish home then getting some basic tp-link consumer router is all you need ( wr941 or wr1043 ) . 
  if you have a large home with multiple stories you need to deploy multiple ap to have consistent coverage - then its either unifi or capsman by mikrotik . 
  ( also milage will wary depending on where you live - different countries allow different transmit power ), 
  the vast majority of people do n't build their own computers . 
  yeah it makes no sense to buy it . 
  they are propably trying to get some people to buy into the platform with intention to upgrade the cpu later . 
  ( like how it happens today when people buy zxxx chipset motherboard with cheap pentium cpu to later upgrade the cpu to i5/i7 k one ) . 
  what are you expecting ? 
  amd already launched their consumer line . 
  now they are launching the professional line with up to 16cores/32 threads on socket tr4 . 
  if you wanted to buy i7 7700k you 're not the target audience . 
  if you want to be waiting for ryzen + you are likely gon na be waiting atleast a year . 
  ( although the apu while limited to quad-core could have some tweaks meaning higher ipc . ), 
  r5 1600 / 1600x is the chip to get right now . 
  little bit slower in gaming than i7 7700k but with lot more power to spare and cheaper + lower platform cost . 
  meaning it will age better . 
  this is gon na be damn interesting fight ... why ? 
  look at intels clockspeeds . 
  it might very well be the case that threadripper will not only have advantage in pci-e lanes , connectivity and price but it very well might actually have higher clockspeeds than intel . 
  so yeah ? 
  could it be that amd will actually get the performance crown ? 
  they seem to have very good powerconsumption .
