  so i would n't be all that concerned with the psu but sure vega 64 especially watercooled version is no-no for me . 
  i used to say that it isnt worth it to buy i5-xxxxk with zxxx mobo and aftermarket cooler and overclocking it . 
  that it is lot more reasonable to just buy a locked i7 with basic motherboard ... 
  now ? 
  ... just buy ryzen . 
  win 7 is eol in 2020 . 
  no more updates . 
  and windows 7 is not suported on new hardware . 
  so yeah it will shrink rather fast . 
  do you have 144hz screen ? 
  if not then prioritize that instead of overspending hugely on a cpu just to get few more frames . 
  ryzen or even older i5 will do just fine . 
  nah just western `` cucked '' europe . 
  doing just fine in the intermarium countries :-), 
  somebody fucking kill the fucker maduro already ... . 
  i am sick in my stomach from watching this ... 
  sounds good , does n't work . 
  i 've had an mandatory economics class in university while studying it ... 
  it might even cause more harm than good . 
  they will teach you super boring econometrics that has no connection to real world . 
  resulting in most students just hating economics after that one year class . 
  not only did they learn shit they need to unlearn but they lost every piece of curiosity or will to ever try to understand or read anything economics related in the future . 
  ( to be fair in high school we had a pretty damn good civics teacher and we ventured into economics , we learned about ricardo , comparative advantage and how trade is good . 
  but yeah do n't expect that to come out of public school ), 
  agreed . 
  i 'd prefer like 1 to 5 rating . 
  or something along those lines . 
  also the question about physical removal ... yeah well i do n't think many agree what physical removal even is . 
  ... read the devblog . 
  that is the precise reason why they targeted those guns . 
  its a big change and they first want to test it on less used guns to see the results . . 
  for all the guys talking about `` scripts '' ... 
  cry is free !, 
  sorry but get f * cked what logic - we cant have nice things in games because cheaters : ' - (, 
  lets remove walls from the game also because cheaters will have wallhack . 
  ... how can a country be so fucked that even the opposition reacts to `` feminist snow removal '' by saying it is `` little silly '' . 
  its not little silly ... its fucking retarded and whoever came up with that shit should be put into a mental institution . 
  sweden - country that is fubar . 
  by the way ... not sure how it works in sweden but where i live the government does n't remove snow from sidewalks - people remove snow from sidewalk in front of their properties ... 
  but i guess that is sexist because oh my god what if strong independent woman had to remove snow in front of her front door ... 
  well its competition . 
  all those coins are little bit different and those subtle differences can make them better in the long run . 
  i would expect that in a decade or so the market is gon na stabilize and pick few of those coins and the rest is just gon na die . 
  stuff like this almost always happens with new tech - high amount of similar competing standards . 
  betamax and vhs , hddvd and blu-ray . 
  dvd-rom , dvd-r , dvd+r and i could go on and on . 
  ussually there is a warning in the bios and you have to press f1 or something to continue . 
  ( atleast that is my experience ), 
  best logic ... 
  if you wait for deals on 1070 you can get it even cheaper ... wow, 
  and also for semicustom . 
  having quad-core ccx is i imagine lot more versatile for potential customers . 
  as for the additional latency in gaming - i think it is a tradeoff they were willing to take - after-all consoles today are also made of 2 quad core ccx ( jaguar instead of zen ofcourse . ), 
  so developers are already familiar with the design . 
  * relieves :-) :d, 
  2,8 ghz baseclock for 16core ? 
  ... wow that is low . 
  even lower than i thought . 
  so basically tr should have better both single thread and multithread performance . 
  shit this doesnt look good for intel at all . 
  tr 1950x has baseclock of 3,4 ghz = 21,4 % higher clock speed . 
  and we already know that if you account for smt the ipc gap is between intel and amd is very very small . 
  wow . 
  they definitely have the money and the engineers to do it . 
  but if i were intel i 'd be worried - they are losing their fab leadership . 
  and if glofo executes well with the ibm 7nm process ( made for high power chips ) then amd might actually have better process then intel . 
  and that means better power-efficiency = king in server market . 
  i have to confirm this . 
  after a year and a half the left button switch has gone bad . 
  googled a bit and huge amount of people had the same problem . 
  thankfully i own a pretty good soldering iron so i bought replacement omron switches online for pennies and soldered new one in . 
  anyway - after another year i had to do that again ... 
  but yeah i am still using that mouse - because the sensor is very good and i like the shape a lot . 
  however the side buttons dont look like they would be easy to replace so i hope that they do n't fail soon . 
  a ) i never said that glofo will execute well . 
  i said if they execute well . 
  b ) glofo bought ibm . 
  this is ibm process . 
  ibm engineers . 
  well today we can compare i9 7820x ( 8core / 16 threads @ 3.6 base ) vs ryzen r7 1800x ( also 3.6 base ) . 
  intel wins this but not by any big margins . 
  and r7 1800x actually outperforms it in cinebench . 
  now add the fact that r7 1800x only has dual-channel memory so in memory sensitive task the i9 has very big advantage . 
  add the fact that that the 16core will likely boost a lot less while ( 3.6 vs 2.8 base compared with amd 3.6 vs 3.4 ) . 
  and i think we can safely assume that tr is propably gon na slightly edge it while costing 70 % less . 
  power consumption will be the interesting part . 
  well it definitely wont be faster in gaming . 
  why should it be :-) as far as i know there is no game that can utilize more than 16 threads . 
  since pursuing new proccess nodes is getting more and more expensive it only makes sense for smaller fabs to fold or cooperate together . 
  i do n't want to sound like a dick but if you do n't even know what is coffee lake then why do you want it ? 
  yeah good point . 
  it will be interesting to see how if scales across dies . 
  anyway we will see benches from which we can draw conclusions very very soon . 
  ( 7920x vs 1920x ), 
  you should always hold off buying stuff if you can :-) something better and cheaper always comes in the pc world . 
  but yeah time-preference is what kills us humans :-d, 
  misleading title . 
  this does n't look like a hard launch to me . 
  just event to show it off and generate some hype - basically to tell people - look wait for our new shit do n't buy ryzen . 
  `` start planning for what new 8th gen intel core processor-based device to purchase in the holiday season and even before . '',
