  or maybe we will see it when 14nm matures and yields get better . 
  he propably means a console apu shrink - so they can release xbox/ps `` slim '' - smaller cheaper version . 
  you can limit tesselation in drivers . 
  little bit . 
  but they propably do n't have a flagship card ready . 
  so they do n't know what the perf will be . 
  according to the article what they showed was a small die card - low/mid end tier . 
  which would make sense as 14nm is propably not matured enough for huge die flagships . 
  so they would propably release the small card first . 
  imho its gon na be 370/370x replacement as that is the oldest card they sell right now ( still gcn 1.0 ) . 
  and as a bonus they get a sick mobile gpu out of this die which is rumoured to be in the next macbook . 
  and they desperately needed mobile gpu to compete . 
  well there is very little difference in price between 300w - 400w - 500w psu which is all you need for single gpu config unless you are balls to the walls overclocking - or running like fx9590, 
  yeah well perf/w is the sad outcome of the fact that vast majority of pcs sold are :, 
  a ) laptops where its crucial, 
  b ) low-mid end oem prebuilts where they like to cheap out on psu and cooling, 
  we as enthusiaist are very small minority :-( so it kinda make sense that when they are releasing a product they would talk about power efficiency a lot since thats what investors want to hear . 
  imho they release this small card first ( q2 ) - propably 370x replacement . 
  and we 'll see a true flagship little bit later ( since 14nm is not yet well matured for very big dies ) . 
  actually it was whole system power consumption not just gpu . 
  which is much more impressive . 
  and we do n't know what the card was but at the end of the video we can see that it was running at pretty low voltage and pretty low clocks - if that is simply because of finfets or becuase it was underloaded we do n't know . 
  well the difference is that titan x has no aftermarket cards only the regular nvidia cooler . 
  so on better cooler which you get with 980ti you can get bettter perf . 
  the actual gpu chip in titanx is obviously better . 
  we have a similar joke in my language but the man says that he wants 38 degrees c fever . 
  the question is will this mean desktop launch or mobile parts first . 
  i think it would be quite a wait until it will be feasible to produce such a huge dies at 14/16 nanometer . 
  just because he can afford something doesnt mean he should be forced to pay ... its like if you justified stealing from some guy just because he can afford it ... 
  look up inflation ... 1980 's dollars ! = 2016 dollars, 
  she cheated on him . 
  just because she happened to get pregnant on his semen and not on some other does n't make her suddenly a good person . 
  cheating whore stays a cheating whore no matter what kids she gets . 
  here we have it reddit , the typical `` gim me , i deserve everything because reasons '' mentality . 
  you do n't deserve shit m8 . 
  your dad makes money , its his money , not yours . 
  forcing isnt about sharing m8 . 
  so the government should force parents to spoil their children ? 
  or maybe the court system in the 1980s just was n't so fucked like it is now . 
  thank feminism i guess . 
  depends on what you got now . 
  if you can hold off for a bit more then i would advise you to do so , but the wait is likely gon na be half a year at least . 
  its likely gon na take a semi long time until its gon na be feasible to release such a monster die gpu as is fury on 14nm . 
  i would guess we are gon na wait to q4 atleast for that kinda performance . 
  drivers see my hd 7970ghz as `` r9 200/hd 7900 series '' so i do n't think there is any difference in the driver based on which one do you have . 
  so there is a `` human right '' to socialize in rich people circle . 
  i would totally donate more money to nra if i were an american :-d, 
  well dont jump with joy yet . 
  those shown ( atleast going by the model number ) are lowend chips that will be either clocked low or dual cores . 
  steamroller ( kaveri ) has 18 % better multithreaded ipc than piledriver ( fx ) . 
  and excavator has 15 % better than steamroller . 
  that means that excavator has 35,7 % better mt ipc than piledriver . 
  what are you talking about excavator is released and benchmarked already . 
  steamroller ( kaveri ) has 18 % better multithreaded ipc than piledriver ( fx ) . 
  and excavator has 15 % better than steamroller . 
  that means that excavator has 35,7 % better mt ipc than piledriver . 
  i can just imagine stefan molyneux responding to his crying : `` not an argument '' . 
  i do n't want to be hard on you but i always have to laugh at people who say things without any research that are totally uncorrect yet they say them as if that were 100 % correct . 
  learn to be humble please . 
  if you are not sure about something then dont act as if you were sure . 
  it takes only a few words to say `` correct me if i am wrong but i think x '' instead of x, 
  they are pretty sweet low power machines and basically the cheapest miniitx you can buy . 
  the motherboard is ussually the problem they can get pretty costly . 
  the cpus are dirt cheap though . 
  buying refurbished workstations or pcs is ussually pretty sweet deal though . 
  well look how the gun movement changed . 
  they went from the one crazy uncle who owns guns to mainstream . 
  why ? 
  i 'd say it was thanks to youtube and to making it `` cool '' and `` hip '' . 
  well problem with kaveri was that it couldnt clock as high as richland meaning you could overclock richland more gaining essentially the same performance . 
  and also this is mt ipc . 
  singlethreaded ipc did n't jump as much . 
  those numbers were taken of wikipages and are basically the average - in some operations the difference is small in some its huge . 
  here are some benchmarks comparing piledriver , steamroller and excavater, 
  `` amd said this led to up to 14.5 percent more instructions per cycle , which translates to 9 percent better performance on single-threaded applications and 18 percent better performance on multi-threaded apps . '', 
  you are comparing two cpus running at different frequencies 5800k boosts to 4.2 ghz ( which will happen in cpu only benchmark ) while 7850k only boosts to 4.1 ghz adding to the difference you see in benchmarks . 
  in single thread steamroller should be 9 % better than piledriver . 
  excavator should be - 4-15 % better than steam roller . 
  depending on workload obviously . 
  here you can see all the uarchs at same clocks doing different tasks - in some there are huge differences in others not so much . 
  ok one thing i noticed - why does occulus rift need 3 usb 3.0 ports and one usb 2.0 ? 
  i guess that + hdmi ( or dp ? ) . 
  it just kinda seems unprofessional to connect one device with so many cables ... 
  or maybe i am just salty that my mobo from 2011 only has 2 usb3 .0 :d ( not like it could run rift anyway 8350 +280 x ), 
  well you can always buy pci-e expansion card with usb3 they are pretty cheap :-) ... . unless you bought miniitx and your only slot is already taken by the gpu ... in that case you sir are truly f **** :d, 
  according to some old road maps summer aswell but since amd has showed working silicon already and there are only crickets comming from nvidia side i 'd bet amd is gon na release first . 
  i wouldnt be suprised if they were comparable - bigger fan means higher cfm at the same speed . 
  8320 even got a worse cooler if i am not wrong than the one shown . 
  amd illuminati confirmed . 
  just the regular fud :-), 
  the fan is clearly considerably bigger . 
  i would suspect that they push comparable amount of air . 
  the cooler is good - its the fan that sucked . 
  now it seems they fixed that issue :-), 
  well i would suspect that amd is gon na keep their cooler mounting system . 
  so i would keep my scythe ninja 3 :-), 
  well my 890 board `` windows 7 ready !!! '', 
  and also `` phenom ii 6 core ready !! '', 
  with sweet ati radeon 4290 igpu init . 
  it feels old but isnt trust me :d,
