  i need some ideas to solve my reccuring issue . 
  sometimes ( happens few times a week ) my pc freezes randomly and needs to be restarted - this always happens as a result of some physical bump or me getting up from my chair and walking around . 
  there is no bsod nothing - just straight freeze . 
  i 've tried disconnecting almost anything non essential from my board . 
  and it is not gpu related as i 've upgraded my gpu and the problem is still here . 
  my case has all the proper standoffs and the board is secured so no shorts should be occuring . 
  this week i am planning to do a deep clean of the motherboard with wd40 contact spray and repaste and reseat every cooler on it , i feel though that this is kinda grasping at straws and i have very little ideas of what else i can try . 
  i am using asus m89gtd pro usb3 with amd fx8350 runing the latest bios , gigabyte rx 480 . 
  i am running an ssd and my hdd is only used for storage so it shouldnt be the cause of a problem . 
  psu is seasonic 620w bronze , there are no bulging capacitors or signs of anything going bad with either the mobo or the psu . 
  i apreciate any ideas . 
  `` desktops , which use about four times as much power as a typical laptop or notebook computer , must reduce power draw by roughly half by july 1 , 2021 . '', 
  if i were tinfoil hat wearing person i 'd say that they ultimately want to have less power in the hands of the people so they have to use cloud services ... so the government can control them more easily . 
  so with all this bs with tightening gun control in eu about to pass and the only country to be against it being czech republic ... which is nice ( as i live there ) , however all in all it does n't mean much as since the lisbon treaty there are no more sovereing states and eu regulations have more power than even the constitution . 
  i was looking around for an `` exit strategy '' ... well i kinda became astonished at the fact that there is basically no way an eu citizen can legally immigrate into us , unless he marries , has an us company vouch for him and file huge amount of paperwork bs or wins the green card lottery ( which isnt even avaliable for countries like uk ) ... 
  why not have some sane system like you can come if you : have clean criminal record , speak the language , have a degree and you will inelegible for any form of government support for like 10 years ... 
  translated wording of the amendment :, 
   `` the citizens of czech republic have a right to aquire , own and carry firearms and ammunition for the protection of life , health and property , and by doing that to take a part in providing internal security and protection of territorial integrity , sovereignty and democratic values of czech republic . 
  terms and details are set by law '', 
  the most amazing thing about this is that it has pretty big political support accross all the parties . 
  ( yes , even czech communists - members of the communist party ( kscm ) are praising it . ), 
  hello guys ,, 
  long time amd user and fan here . 
  i was patiently waiting for zen for a long time and shit the benchmarks are really impressive ... but just recently i found out something very interesting . 
  i looked at the second hand market ... well and to my amazement you can buy ( or atleast in my country i can ) lastgen i7s for ridicilously low prices . 
  for instance i can get second hand i7-4790 cheaper than the slowest new i5 . 
  i7-4790 has pretty much almost the same performance as i7-6700 which sells at almost twice the price . 
  if i pair this cpu with some cheap 1150 motherboard ( which you can still buy new ) i get a pretty damn good gaming system with the bonus of being able to still use my ddr3 and my aftermarket cpu cooler ( which sadly i could n't use with zen - or i would have to buy conversion kit - if scythe makes one - the cooler is long discontinued ) . 
  and since the cpu is used atleast intel wont get a dime . 
  amd guys did great job with zen but i would n't expect them to compete with used market pricing ( and i would n't want them to ) . 
  ( i should also say that i am using my cpu mainly for gaming so i am not really interested in 16t monster . ), 
  fanboyism aside do you think buyin this is a good idea ? 
  rest of the specs :, 
  2x4gb kingston 1600mhz cl9, 
  gigabyte rx480 8gb reference, 
  if you guys are interested in benchmarks please write what i should test . 
  funny how basically all the most popular comments talk about how good and reasonable this actually is ... yeah oh well what would you expect from leftist mainstream media :-), 
  so the fight in czech republic to get the right to bear arms into the constitution continues . 
  this is a statement from czech minister of interior ( milan chovanec - social democrat ), 
  english :, 
  my colleage mr. pelikan ( he is the minister of justice , he recently appeared on national tv critisizing the bill ) , propably does n't do his job hard enough and does n't read documents from the interior ministry . 
  i unlike him do n't think that a legally owned gun should be locked in a case and the owner should only be sadly looking at it if he is in danger . 
  i prefer a government that is confident and that trust its citizens . 
  police should of course be the main source of national security , but there is no reason to forbid law-abiding and trained citizens to take part in it . 
  the right already exists , i propose to strengthen and clearly declare it ( in the constitution ) . 
  so in the eu it is illegal for member states to set their tax rates lower than certain rate set by the eu ... 
  imagine several companies got together and agreed not to sell product x for less then certain price ... everybody would be up in arms and they would be fined massivelly and go to jail for breaking of anti-trust ... 
  but if governments do it its okay ? 
  instead he was jailed for 2years awaiting a trial which the government endlessly postponed ( as they were `` preparing their arguments '' , and searching for evidence ) , and when it finally looked like it was gon na go to the supreme court , he was pardoned . 
  edit seeing all the downvoting going on i should propably clarify :, 
  this post is not meant to support csa . 
  and it sure as hell is not meant to support slavery . 
  and to answer a obvious question `` what this has to do with anarcho-capitalism ? '', 
  lets face it seccession is a very likely way we might actually achieve liberty . 
  and basically everytime someone mentions seccession , public school drones automatically start saying crap like - `` its obviously unconstitutional , blablabla , look at what happened in civil war '' . 
  so you can shut them up with a little bit of history ( which i bet they were never taught in school ) . 
  so yesterday european parliament facebook proudly shared their newest eurobaremeter survey ( which they commision every year ) . 
  saying that increasing number of europeans ( 57 % ) thinks eu membership is a good thing . 
  so i decided to look at their numbers for separate member states . 
  first i looked at germany and sure enough 79 % of germans think its a good thing . 
  and since germany is basically 1/6 of eu ( by population ) i immedietely knew that this massively skews the average results and that the overall happiness with eu membership will be a lot lower in the rest of the states . 
  poland is another large country which massively supports the eu ( 71 % ) . 
  then i looked at uk - since obviously there was brexit so lets see how many people think that eu membership is a good thing ... to my amazement the figure was 49 % ... 
  i think this has to do with survey sample where they obviously sampled some big city and not the countryside where most of the leave voters live . 
  * so i believe this survey is skewed to be more for eu , than the reality is . 
  but now lets get to the fun part . 
  9 countries out of the rest have a less population thinking that eu is a good thing ( per capita ) than uk ... . . 
  and some massively so !, 
  only 33 % czechs , 35 % italians , 36 % croatians , 34 % greeks and 42 % austrians think eu membership is a good thing . 
  ( i mention austria here too because they have abnormaly high number of people who are outright negative ) . 
  so ... how long do you think before some other country will hold a referendum :-) ( as a czech i am fucking looking forward to it !, 
  and i am happy that i was n't wrong in assessing the overall disatisfaction with the eu here . ), 
  edit : link to the poll http://www.europarl.europa.eu/atyourservice/en/20170426pvl00115/two-years-until-the-2019-european-elections, 
  so yesterday european parliament facebook proudly shared their newest eurobaremeter survey ( which they commision every year ) . 
  saying that increasing number of europeans ( 57 % ) thinks eu membership is a good thing . 
  so i decided to look at their numbers for separate member states . 
  first i looked at germany and sure enough 79 % of germans think its a good thing . 
  and since germany is basically 1/6 of eu ( by population ) i immedietely knew that this massively skews the average results and that the overall happiness with eu membership will be a lot lower in the rest of the states . 
  poland is another large country which massively supports the eu ( 71 % ) . 
  then i looked at uk - since obviously there was brexit so lets see how many people think that eu membership is a good thing ... to my amazement the figure was 49 % ... 
  i think this has to do with survey sample where they obviously sampled some big city and not the countryside where most of the leave voters live . 
  so i believe this survey is skewed to be more for eu , than the reality is . 
  but now lets get to the fun part . 
  9 countries out of the rest have a less population thinking that eu is a good thing ( per capita ) then uk ... . . 
  and some massively so !, 
  only 33 % czechs , 35 % italians , 36 % croatians , 34 % greeks and 42 % austrians think eu membership is a good thing . 
  ( i mention austria here too because they have abnormaly high number of people who are outright negative ) . 
  so ... how long do you think before some other country will hold a referendum :-) ( as a czech i am fucking looking forward to it !, 
  and i am happy that i was n't wrong in assessing the overall disatisfaction with the eu here . ), 
  edit : link to the poll http://www.europarl.europa.eu/atyourservice/en/20170426pvl00115/two-years-until-the-2019-european-elections, 
  so according to a recent survey commisioned by european parliament , there are pretty big differences in the views about the eu amongst the member states ( and amongst the visegrad 4 ) . 
  as a czech i 'd like to ask you guys why do you think the polish are so much for eu ( basically only netherlands , germany and luxembourg have more people thinking the eu is a good thing ) . 
  one would think that your stronger cultural heritage and strong catholicism would make you against the eu . 
  so sadly at the end of this month a new law forbidding the smoking in `` public '' places like bars and restaurants is gon na take effect . 
  it will propably mean that czech republic will lose its # 1 as the freest eu country in the nanny state index . 
  but what i find really amazing is how people are already finding a ways to circumvent this . 
  this really shows how the market is always a step ahead of the state and how thanks to the technology and the internet the state is becoming more and more obsolete ... 2 examples . 
  since the laws apply to public places , private clubs which are not open to general public are ok . 
  there is a czech enterprenuer who is launching an app based solution to connect `` private club members '' with partnered `` private clubs '' to allow people to register as a club member ( libertas smoke 'n' taste club ) , find a partnered location on the map , identify with your app and just enter and have a smoke and beer like ussual . 
  another solution to this which is even more funny ( and could be away to get around stricter laws like there are in different country ) , is that a one enterprenuer is opening a location - which is rented as a film-making location to make 30-year documentary about smokers and smoking habits .
