  i think that controlling/moving/changing my own body 24/7 does fit the definition pretty well . 
  well i would argue that you ca n't really get the tv back either . 
  lets say you wanted to watch important football game on the tv tonight and somebody stole the tv from you - you have lost the experience of watching that game and it can not be given back to you ( unless time travel lol :d ) . 
  so its not that black and white either . 
  sure the impact is propably quantitavely different to the case you present but i very well could imagine some strange person to which the experience of watching a game would matter more - after all value is subjective . 
  i did n't say that consent ca n't be withdrawn :-) i just said that if you gave consent through a contract you should either abide by the contract or face consequences that the contract presents . 
  and no sane person would classify flirting as a contract :-) so do n't worry . 
  keep in mind we are talking about some very specific case that in reality would propably never happen - i.e. 
  if you are signing contract in which you are consenting to sex you propably do n't see sex as a very big deal to ever withdraw your consent talk about rape and face the contractual consequences ... 
  well i would argue that objects ca n't really own other objects ( that fits the definition - they by themselves do n't control anything ) . 
  but i guess you can define ownership differently so its mostly just semantics imho . 
  anyway at this point we can propably agree to disagree and i sure hope that we will all get to live in a world which we imagine :-) because as anarchists we can disagree about lots of things but we do agree that we are free human beings that have authority over themselves ( using your words m8 :-) ) which is the important part . 
  i 'd sugest mikrotik . 
  they make high-quality affordable soho gear as well as isp level hardware that many companies use for lot of their connectivity . 
  ( source : i work for smallish isp and we use mikrotik for nearly every ap-client connections and sizeable portion of our ptp ) . 
  rb951g-2hnd is propably what you want . 
  they have cheaper options aswell . 
  they give you so many fine grained options its amazing - you can do basically anything with them . 
  vpn servers , load-balancing , backup connectivity , bandwidth limits for users , vlans and many more - basically everything you would ever want to do . 
  the athlon isnt dated ... 
  its like the best low wattage desktop soc part you can buy . 
  the price/power-draw/performance is great + the super cheap miniitx boards make it a great little quiet pc . 
  only thing you should keep in mind is that the board only has 2sata ports so you might want to pay a little more for asrock ( i think its asrock not 100 % sure ) board that has 4 . 
  oh noooo :d not 12 f -- g years :d, 
  well it could bite you in the ar-e if you decide to add another hdd later on :-), 
  anyway i would recommend either the asrock board with the 4sata or the msi one which has minipci-e slot so you have more options for expansion ( mini-pci-e wifi ) . 
  - asrock http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16813157490&amp;nm_mc=afc-c8junction&amp;cm_mmc=afc-c8junction-_-na-_-na-_-na&amp;cm_sp=&amp;aid=10446076&amp;pid=3938566&amp;sid=, 
  - msi http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00k4duy86/?tag=pcpapi-20, 
  ok let me expand on what i meant . 
  lets say somebody stoles your tv , in my view you have every right to go to that person and take that tv back + some retribution for inconvinience . 
  of course in reality you are not propably gon na do that ... 
  now if you have a contract that says you are owed an hour of someone labor ( lets not treat sex as anything other than labor because there is no reason to in this case - and if you think there is please elaborate ) - it folows that by not doing that labor the person is stealing from you . 
  and you therefore are owed retribution . 
  would forcing the person to do that work be immoral ? 
  - you could aswell argue that this is case of self-defense where you are using force to defend your property . 
  ofcourse in reality the contract would have a section that would specifically deal with this . 
  and nobody would want to force somebody to do the work anyway because obviously it doesnt make economically any sense - so they would agree on a different way of retribution . 
  ( the same is with this example - unless you are sick weirdo you would n't enjoy raping someone ) - so its just a thought experiment . 
  just be prepared to search some tutorials because its not trivial to set some stuff up ( it is still miles ahead of the typical cli that most proffesional grade routers have but its not trivial ) . 
  but you dont have to worry there is a guide that will set the regular stuff easily . 
  yep queues are great - you can even set them up so they have high turbo speed - so everything is great while casually browsing but once they start downloading anything bigger it will slow them down . 
  802.11 ac is pretty much useless for indoor wifi and i wouldnt bother - especially at that huge price premium . 
  802.11 ac runs at 5ghz wireless spectrum which has more trouble going through obstacles than our old friend 2.4 ghz . 
  the only benefit is if you live in appartment complex where your neighbors use all the 2.4 ghz spectrum . 
  and even then 5ghz 802.11 n is cheaper and will do the same stuff for you . 
  802.11 ac - uses more channels that means you will get more interference which might result in worse latency . 
  it works great in places with little wireless interference but good luck using it in a city ... 
  not to mention more than half of your gadgets propably dont support 802.11 ac ... 
  and seriously if you need more then 450mbit/s theorical bandwidth ( which 802.11 n can do ) over your home wifi you are doing something that deservers running cat6 to that device ... 
  the way 802.11 ac gets more bandwidth than 802.11 n is by simoultenously using more channels so if you are sorrounded by lots of interference you will listen to bigger chunk of it and not just listen on a small carefuly picked slice . 
  my home connection is ptp connection between 2 mikrotik sxt using mimo 2x2 over 2.4 ghz network ( 2.4 because there is too much 5ghz interference in this part of town ) . i am running on 10mhz wide channel ( standard channel is 20mhz ) if i was running on 40mhz channel i would have considerably greater bandwidth but the latency would be cripled because of all the interference . 
  ( i tried ) . 
  - very similar thing will happen when using ac if you live in a place where there is lot of wireless traffic . 
  if you are doing so many tasks over wireless then you probably have a big house ( - you dont want to run cables to every room for many people ) and in that case more access points spread over different areas will serve the job much better . 
  lets just say for the sake of argument that you 've entered into a contract where you are supposed to get like the best maserati car ( or wahtever ) for 1 $ . 
  and then you get f * cked and get nothing - do n't you think you deserve more than the 1 $ ? 
  whoa i guess you guys like nice tabloid-like titles ... 
  the whole question/argument that i was provocativelly asking / presenting is the idea that you can use force to compel party to provide contructualy agreed upon services . 
  the way i see it is if you make a contract with somebody and he then later on decides not to honor said contract he is infact stealing from you and you have a right to use force in defense of your property . 
  using words like `` rape '' or `` racism '' to shut down discussion is n't very libertarian style . 
  and i very much would like to see a discussion on this topic . 
  edit : thanks for downvoting this into oblivion so nobody can see the actual reasoning and they just see `` ancap is pro rape !!!!!, 
  i am not and was not advocating rape ... . 
  what i said in those comments were 2 things :, 
  - that sex should n't be apriori treated any different from other services, 
  - you should be able to use force to compel the other side to honor their contract ( if obviously the contract does n't contain a section on what should happen when somebody breaks it - which is the case in like every contract - then you obviously abide by that ), 
  could that result in like one in a billion case of somebody getting raped ? 
  but what is the alternative ? 
  do contracts mean nothing ? 
  obviously not . 
  do you only have a right to use force to get fair retribution of similar value and not exactly what was agreed upon ? 
  if you think so then how can you resolve that since value is subjective ? 
  ok but should n't you have a right to additional damages ? 
  after all the reneging party at the very least have wasted your time . 
  `` being rebrands of r9 290 series on a slightly improved silicon '' . 
  does that mean they are moving gpus to glofo ? 
  the same way ssds compete with harddrives ? 
  the size of frame buffer is n't the only important part of a gpu, 
  well i seen some rumors about amd moving their gpus to global foundries because glofo 28nm process allows higher density , higher yields and higher frequencies ... and they obviously need to fill their glofo quotas - so if that is true there could be some nice improvements . 
  but i do n't see amd dropping the 285 2gb card - it was made very recently - could they make a 4gb version ? 
  you bet but 2gb will imho stay . 
  value is subjective how you decide what is similar value ? 
  the full tonga card is the m295x which is going into macbooks . 
  so i guess its possible that amd can actually get more of the full gpus and rebrand them as 370x or whatever . 
  oh f-ck :-( well i guess next year i will be smarter :-(, 
  thank you - do n't understand pollish that well but i 'll manage ( i am czech  ), 
  :d well i am trying to atleast get some for the finals from reselers ... 
  by the way can i pay with credit/debit card there or should i get lot of local currency ? 
  also 290x is around 300 $ its litle bit better than 970 at higher resolutions , compute and has full 4gb so it might stay relevant for longer time . 
  but it is little bit worse at 1080p and has higher power consumption . 
  `` that 's the value you placed on the service at the time , right ? '', 
  well that was the agreed upon price - i obviously want to get the lowest possible price ( regardless of how much i value the good ) and they want oto get maximum price - obviously if their maximum price is higher then what i value the good the exchange doesnt happen . 
  so the subjective value i place on that item is always bigger then what i pay for it . 
  if the value would be the same there would be no point in exchange . 
  290 is rumored to be rebranded as 380 so i bet it will get all the support it can :-), 
  290 is rumored to be rebranded as 380 so i bet it will get all the support it can :-), 
  750ti is like 2,5 x more performance than 730 which is a rebrand of 640 - and i would guess 610 is much much worse than 640 so yes yes and yes it is worth it to upgrade . 
  750ti is good card if you dont have good enough powersupply - if you do then i would advise you to get an amd card since you get more performance for the dollar . 
  sadly it depends on the laptop . 
  i 've succesfully upgraded many laptops to better wireless nics but my hp probook refuses to take atheros bgn card so i am stuck witch broadcom b/g :-(,
