  so what is microsoft doing ? 
  do you think bing is a good alternative or do they collide with the government aswell ? 
  agreed . 
  lawsuits need to start happening . 
  that is the only way to stop this no discrimination nonsense . 
  rule 4 of saul alinsky 's rules for radicals `` make the enemy live up to its own book of rules . '', 
  you can kill them with this because no one can possibly obey all of their own rules . 
  its the damn time we start the use the book the left was using against us for years ... 
  so the left is now apparently pro-central bankers lel, 
  depends on how you define the alt-righ . 
  but for antifa and those communist groups everyone right of stalin is alt-right :-), 
  there is 1mp from green party ... and i think you can safely call those anti-capitalist . 
   commitment to social justice and environmentalism , supporting a `` radical transformation of society for the benefit of all , and for the planet as a whole '' . 
  the threats to economic , social and environmental wellbeing are considered `` part of the same problem '' , and `` solving one of these crises can not be achieved without solving the others . '', 
  technically true . 
  but do n't act stupid ... we all know what leftists mean by `` radical transformation of society for the benefit of all , and for the planet as a whole '', 
  as vaclav klaus ( former czech president and staunch opponent of eu and climate-agenda ) said - the green movement is like watermelon - green on the outside , red on the inside . 
  well i give you the point that its hard to specify what is anti-capitalism . 
  and there is some obvious gray area.as for labour ? 
  i 'd say the labour is more anti-capitalist than so called communist parties in some of those countries . 
  for instance czech communist party does n't call for wage caps ... :-), 
  they are pretty woke on some issues actually : they called the pope crazy for suggesting that the safety of refugees is more important than national security . . 
  i 'd like to see green party do that :-), 
  top comment bro !, 
  keep the meme war going . 
  how the hell can she claim that renly was the rightful heir ... that is just pure bullshit . 
  renly had no claim to the throne . 
  he could only claim the throne through conquest ... and he did n't conquer shit . 
  look at history of 3dfx :-), 
  the gravity gun . 
  i still remember how fucking mind-blowing that thing was . 
  i 've never before seen anything like that in a game ... 
  sure now so many years later with engines with gravity are standard thing and nobody even thinks about it ... but back then ... 
  tldr : 3dfx was once the biggest gpu powerhouse . 
  they bought an oem company and went into the bussiness of selling their own cards . 
  which was one of the reasons they got under . 
  other oems got did n't like their own supplier competing with them . 
  and basically instead started making competitors gpus . 
  this was one of the nails in the coffin . 
  in the end 3dfx got bought by nvidia and the only link to them that still survives is the sli brand :-), 
  no competition ? 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  ever heard of h1z1 ... it used to be massive before this game came out and was better in every aspect ... 
  but there is one sound that no one knows ... what does the night king say ? 
  ring ding ding ding ding . 
  oh my god yes . 
  i screamed that few times and then fell let down :-d, 
  would have been much better scene . 
  and the ironborn chanting what is dead may never die insted of yara . 
  rank ? 
  maybe in a year it wo n't be buggy game anymore ? 
   csgo currently filled with cheaters, 
  nice excuses :-) there are always few cheaters . 
  eh ... this game is a lot less about aim and lot more about decision making . 
  so just be smart and have a little luck and you win more often than you 'd think, 
  well it kinda does . 
  `` all aim and no brain '' players exist at all ranks - its just that the number of them gets lower the higher up the ranks you get :-), 
  what the hell does that have to do with anything ? 
  what does 17 year old pc history have to do with pcie4/5 ? 
  seriously ? 
  are you implying that because some old old lowend card is good with low bandwidth then we do n't need high bandwidth ? 
  and what does bringing nvidia and amd had to do with it ? 
  well few days ago jeffrey tucker posted how the mainstream media is great and does super job . 
  news like these show how malicious , fake and racist they are . 
  being blind to that and even supporting it damages libertarianism ( and capitalism ) . 
  if we ever want to succeed we need to point out every lie the mainstream leftist media show - to destroy they credibility in the eyes of everyday man . 
  leftist mainstream media is the main peddler of socialism . 
  i feel the otherway ... 
  i feel that left-libertarians are taking over this place ... remember when this subreddit used to laugh about / r/libertarian ? 
  how leftists shit gets upvoted there ? 
  i do . 
  i 've been memeber in this subreddit for 3 years . 
  now half of people here are shilling for the left and small minority are trolling with nazi bullshit . 
  its sad really . 
  but that does n't change anything about this post . 
  its a simple post showing how fake the news media gets . 
  a little reply to recent post by jeffrey tucker ( which a have only the utmost respect for , because it was mainly him and his lectures and books that converted me to ancap . ), 
  i do n't buy it . 
  they would n't be selling it if they would be losing money on it . 
  what does that have to do with it ? 
  nothing is forcing amd to sell the cards . 
  if they were losing so much money on day1 then they would be far better off just not selling any at all . 
  what is seen and what is unseen ... read bastiat . 
  every dollar that the government spends is obviously great ... but that dollar has to be first stolen from someone else . 
  from the market economy . 
  and all moral judgment aside the government is not better at dedicating resources than the market . 
  seeing your post and your flair . 
  have you considered suicide ? 
  just go away bro . 
  this is not for you . 
  samwell fucking tarly having so much screen time ... you got to be kidding me . 
  not too shaby for the dreaded bulldozer stepchild :-), 
  i am glad amd finally launched those apus for the am4 platform . 
  just having one platform being able service any thing from the lowest office pc to beastly 8core/16 thread machine is amazing . 
  i think not having that hurt amd a lot few years back . 
  think about all those athlon x4 760k / 860k rigs that could n't be upgraded :-(, 
  thank god for trial by jury ... wish we 'd have that where i live ... no sane jury is gon na convict . 
  really guys ? 
  you are gon na call out trump for lifting the debt-limit for 3 months ... 3 fucking months ... just so the gov can `` help '' with the huricanne shit ?
