  your regular joe bloke does n't look at benchmarks and compare what card is 5 % faster than the other ... he just sees that his favorite streamer is using titan so he buys some stupid card because it has the same logo on it . 
  its mainly marketing - the performance eh not so much . 
  what amd needs though is a high-mid-end card that is competitive in performance and die-size ( so they can price accordingly and not just sell huge dies for very little profit ) . 
  just by scaling polaris they would arrive at similar performance at much lower die size than what was shown . 
  that is without any architecture improvements . 
  and they talked a lot about architectural improvements . 
  i find it odd and it does n't add up . 
  does n't stop oems from using general pcie lanes to connect another sata controller . 
  ( this for instance happened with am1 soc which only supported 2 sata drives . 
  i have asrock mobo which uses another controller so you get 4 . ), 
  well money is not everything . 
  if you make enough to live nicely would you rather work extra hard for more hours to make some more and give another large portion to the government or would you just say fuck it i have enough i ca n't be bothered to work more for this amount ? 
  so maybe just go to some random pc parts shop and ask them to flash your bios . 
  they will surely do it cheap . 
   performance cost is only significant if vkhlf is used poorly . 
  or propably on some strange gpus that do n't have nvidia logo on them . 
  if you ever heard about such blasphemy . 
  :d :d, 
  in that case thats great . 
  i meant what i wrote more like a joke ( well what to expect after the whole gameworks situation ) . 
  without actually reading anything deeper about it . 
  i do n't mean to sound like a dick but do n't you have an ups for these kinds of things ? 
  but yeah i understand ... even if you do everything the right way the guy can come back on the next day claiming that it does n't work and that you broke it ( because someone who bought the wrong motherboard is very likely to fuck up some other part of the install process aswell ) . 
  is it though ? 
  the original 7970 has quite lower clocks than the ghz edition which was rebranded as 280x, 
  i am aware of that . 
  i was just thinking that maybe the higher clocks will offset the shader differences . 
  '' asus , you 'll recall , was dinged by the ftc last year for marketing its routers as incredibly secure , yet shipping them with easily-guessed default username/login credentials '', 
  seriously ? 
  what comes next sueing gmail because people choose stupid passwords ? 
  economics 101 -, 
  `` the subjective theory of value is a theory of value which advances the idea that the value of a good is not determined by any inherent property of the good , nor by the amount of labor required to produce the good , but instead value is determined by the importance an acting individual places on a good for the achievement of their desired ends . '', 
  in other words the product is worth more because people are willing to pay more . 
  if people werent willing to pay more it would either cost less or if the development + manufacturing price is high would n't be made at all . 
  but you were propably asking in a more technical way - i.e. 
  why is it more expensive to manufacture gtx1080 than 1060 . 
  reason is mostly the size of the chip . 
  the larger a chip is the harder is to manufacture it without flaws and obviously the less chips you get from one silicon wafer . 
  ( also some chips with flaws can be made to work by disabling some parts of that chips - that is for example the 1070 . ), 
  its about die size . 
  1060 is considerably smaller gpu than 1080 . 
  simply said you can make maximum of around 110 1060chips vs around 70 1080 chips - not counting defects from the same silicon wafer . 
  and since 1080 chip is larger there will be more defects ( some of those chips with defects can become 1070 ) . 
   because people are finally understanding that 5 + year old coolers are no longer a valid choice . 
  its a hunk of metal . 
  with a fan . 
  its not rocket science . 
  saying stuff like that makes no sense . 
  i am currently using scythe ninja 3 ... it is now almost 6 years old and long eol . 
  its a massive cooler with 120x120x160mm heatsink weighing more than 1kg . 
  it has 8/16 heatpipes depending on how you count them . 
  the fan of course broke during the use so i replaced that with noctua 140mm one ... 
  can you please explain to me what magic have the cooler manufacturers came up with that make my cooler obsolete ? 
  i have to praise scythe for their customer service . 
  after 3 years ( no longer under warranty ) of use a fan spinning badly on my ninja 3 cooler . 
  i asked scythe support if i could order a new one from them to replace it . 
  they asked for my receipt and shipped me a new one free fo charge . 
  later i just even found out that the old fan just needed a drop of oil ... now its still working :-), 
  `` what kind of radeon gpu do you own ? '', 
  and people are voting for `` nvidia gpu '' and `` intel igpu '' ... . did n't know these classify as radeon . 
  i just watch a video from the game ... and is it just me or does it look like buggy pc game from early 2000s ? 
  ca n't see this getting much of mainstream appeal . 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : it depends on the game a lot . 
  your best way to `` measure it '' is to use program like msi afterburner to see your gpu usage during gameplay . 
  the most obvious way a better cpu will help you is with more consistent framerate ( lot less dips ) . 
  psa - sometimes low gpu usage has little to do with cpu but simply with the engine being unoptimized crap - for instance payday 2 . 
  i had fx8350 with rx480 and 1440p screen and even i saw some bottlenecking . 
  i upgraded to i7 4790 and while the jump wasnt huge it surely was nice upgrade . 
  imho your best bet is to buy an older used haswell cpu - they are very cheap considering their performance vs skylake/kabylake . 
  and you can still buy a new motherboard for cheap prices aswell . 
  and you wont have to buy ddr4 . 
  anything from mikrotik . 
  they sell isp-grade professional stuff - not overpriced `` gaming '' cr-p made to look edgy . 
  their os is top notch and you are guaranteed to get updates for a loooong time ... for instance a common device from them from 2008 ( rb411 ) is still getting the latest software update ... 
  senior networking technician at smallish isp . 
  go back to / r/socialism, 
  wtf is this cpu segmentation ?!, 
  m3 = 1,1 ghz, 
  m5 = 1,2 ghz, 
  m7 = 1,3 ghz, 
  laughable . 
   smaller studios do n't have the resources to devote to this single activity , whereas big studios likely wo n't care if they lost some sales through this, 
  okay in other words - both smaller and larger studios recognize that implementing a system to help them combat fraud will cost more money than it will save ... 
  so basically what we already knew - the amount of games bought with stolen credit cards is miniscule , and only used as an argument against g2a because it sounds bad . 
   this is anti-consumer . 
  chargebacks are useful ( but also bridge-burning i.e. 
  you likely wo n't do business with the company ) to protect the consumers from scams . 
  so is limiting consumers from selling keys , which you want . 
  and so is regional locking/regional price discrimination . 
  g2a is ebay for game keys . 
  do n't see people getting angry about ebay . 
  before digital distribution used games market was huge . 
  g2a is basically replacing this market . 
  it is making consumers richer . 
  publisher brought it on themselves with regional pricing and other forms of price discrimination . 
  are the mobile prices that intel publishes even legit though ? 
  i find it hard to believe that intel sells truckloads of chips to oems at higher prices than to regular costumers ... + they do n't have to include cooler and the packaging is likely cheaper cause its bga . 
  imho most retailers will sell most of it at discount and keep some small amount to sell to people whose hardware will break . 
  i bought a 1440p 144hz freesync monitor .
