  so basically better than console like experience for 50 eur gpu . 
  that is pretty sick deal . 
  its pretty cheap actually atleast for amd boards ( on ebay ) ... but i do n't think its worth spending money on that ddr2 ram today . 
  you are 100 % correct but i am okay with cutting those corners since that rig will be used for older games anyway ( he wont be buying any full price new releases ) and imho after 2016 this gpu would have too little power to run games anyway so the driver updates propably do n't make that much of a difference ( basically whole 2015 is supported ) . 
  i would expect mostly nvidia to use gddr5x - for their highend . 
  since their memory controller is not that great and they could just use ( as far as i know ) gddr5x without any large changes and get the performance neccessary . 
  i would fully expect amd to use hbm everywhere where gddr5 is not sufficient . 
  depends on the price . 
  if its not that much more expensive then we could see 128bit gddr5x cards where before 256bit gddr5 was used . 
  i would be pretty much sure that the lowend will be still served by 28nm and for a while - since 14nm is still more expensive per transistor than 28nm . 
  on the other hand i would n't expect anything to blow 980ti/furyx / titanx out of the water atleast this year ( maybe only few percent better but at much better power consumption . 
  reason is that the yields are propably not good enough to make giant dies . 
  those monster gpus will come in following years . 
  where 2016 will be most felt is mobile and midend desktop . 
  not amd ... semiaccurate . 
  not sure if your motherboard supports it but look into socket 771 mod . 
  it allows you to use socket 771 server cpu which are dirt cheap on ebay in your 775 motherboard . 
  you could propably then afford some quad core xeon which would help :-), 
  and special bios . 
  sure . 
  those xeons are simply the server version of core 2 quad . 
  you can find them on ebay - for example right now e5420 - quadcore 2,5 ghz for 20 $ shipped . 
  is the game atleast playable now ? 
  i heard it was utter shite unplayable mess on launch with loooong load times every few seconds and shitty performance . 
  gta v doesnt need load times ... so its simply due to shite engine that dates back to morrowind ... 
  gta v loads once . 
  f4 loads every time you enter a building . 
  i do n't mind loading times i mind loading times in game which breaks your immersion . 
  ca n't go wrong with debian or ubuntu - it has the most support avaliable . 
  290x was much much cheaper back then ... 
  i would n't mind if the total bottom of the barrel had it ( like pentiums , atoms , celerons and such ) but lenovo puts it in i3 laptops . 
  ... such as ideapad-100-15 ... and of course they do n't advertise it so you have to google some review to find out it is actually a `` fast `` ethernet . 
  `` yes . 
  if the speculator is wrong , he would be responsible for a great deal of harm . 
  but there are powerful forces at work that tend to eliminate incompetent speculators . 
  thus , the danger they represent and the harm they do are more theoretical than real . 
  the speculator who guesses wrong will suffer severe financial losses . 
  buying high and selling low may misdirect the economy , but it surely creates havoc with the speculator 's pocketbook . '', 
  if he is wrong more than he is right he loses his own capital =  he is no longer speculator . 
  remember its 1400x900 which is almost half the pixels of 1080p . 
  i 'd expect 40/50 % better powerconsumption due to die shrink . 
  i will expect more when they show us something ... anything ... ( no more woodscrews though ) . 
  good good ... let them post that shit so we/othermen know what they are getting into . 
  yeah i am in the same boat . . 
  the way i see it is after next gen launches the prices of furies will go down significantly ( especially used ones ) and that card will be a steal :-), 
  i might get downvoted for saying this and i understand you guys are angry - but i bought payday 2 recently on sale and quite enjoy the game - have n't played it before when there werent any microtrransactions though . 
  i have altered the deal ... 
  cpus use heatspreaders for a reason . 
  inb4 in 20years time feminist bitches like her wo n't get any action at all because people will rather use vr porn then deal with their bullshit daily . 
  ... its happening already in japan . 
  now that is savage . 
  average at best, 
  power over ethernet ... and also the f2p game path of exile, 
  in my perspective the reason why single board computers are popular is because they are dirt cheap and so they make great project computers . 
  i do n't really feel like buying a much more expensive x86 board . 
  i litterally ca n't think of a use case where x86 would be needed ( and no you do n't use these as a daily driver with linux ... ) . 
  and as for me i welcome our new arm overlords and wish them good luck and takeover of the pc market :-) :-), 
  he should propably be more focused on moving out of that no disrespect sh * t country . 
  not interested in being tax livestock . 
  medication has nothing to do with taxation of imports . 
  that is just failed economic policy . 
  protectionism is stupid and hurts the country that engages in it . 
  i suggest you read the candlemakers petition from bastiat . 
  that summs it the best . 
  i use asrock qc5000-itx motherboard with integrated bga a4-5000 amd apu as my microserver - right now it is 60 $ on newegg and you can buy stick of ddr3 for cheap . 
  a ) nowhere did i read that they will perform 40 % better . 
  b ) we saw a test of polaris 10 in battlefront and the claim was that it is lot more power efficient . 
  the biggest jump the first finfet gen will give us will be power efficiency for mobile chips . 
  i do n't believe we 'll see a big jump in performance per dollar . 
  finfets are still more expensive per transistor than 28nm - so the only savings will come from smaller coolers , boards and not as overengineered power circuitry . 
  also i wouldnt expect a big jump in performance for the first finfet flagship ( although it depends on when it releases ) - the yields are not that great to make big dies . 
  what is imho gon na be the best and what i am planning to do is once nextgen releases to buy some last-gen card ( such as fury ) . 
  that way you will propably get the most bang for your buck . 
  nobody can prove nothing . 
  its a leaked slide . 
  honestly i do n't believe it - nv does n't even have silicon ( they had their another woodscrews moment recently when they showed a board with 2 980ms claiming it to be pascal ... ) . 
  amd has already showed working product and now nv is supposed to be launching first ? 
  i am highly skeptical of this roadmap - propably a fake . 
  i am highly skeptical of this roadmap . 
  nv does n't even have silicon ( they had their another woodscrews moment recently when they showed a board with 2 980ms claiming it to be pascal ... ) . 
  amd has already showed working product and now nv is supposed to be launching first ? 
  that looks really damn cool shame its a nv only effect . 
  have you considered buying a phenom ii x4 cpu and keeping the rest ? 
  depending on the revision of your mobo the cpu should be supported . 
  that way you can basically get the performance of a10 ( minus the gpu ofcourse ) but for much less . 
  there is so much wrong with your post ... 
  first - its ipc - instruction per cycle ( dafaq is sycle ? 
  you mean sickle brah ? ), 
  second - you pick the worst game you propably could - if you look at new games you see it is changing a lot . 
  for example try running unreal tournament ( the new one running on unreal 4 engine ... and yeah unreal 3 run a huge huge huge number of games last gen ) , you 'll see a pretty damn even cpu utilization across multiple cores - the days of one core doing the heavy lifting are slowly ending . 
  third - amd cpu is by definition 8 - core . 
  it has 4 clusters each with 2 integer cores and one floating point unit . 
  the one floating point unit is where the misnomer comes from - the fpu is historically a coprocessor though . 
  saying its not hyperthreaded its only clustered multithreaded is the most idiotic thing a heard today . 
  clustered multithreaded is much much much more effective . 
  hyperthreading gains + -20 % performance when using all the threads . 
  cmp ( in piledriver ) gains + -80 % and in later revisions its even higher . 
  i understand in that case i sadly have to suggest you buy intel . 
  and i mean it when i say sadly . 
  am3 + cpus are pretty damn respectable and i would ` nt be shy of recommending them for their great price , but its the platform that is killing it am3 + has comparably expensive motherboards and its eol - nothing is comming to it .
