  lot of the times the trouble is simply caused by sh * t power brick they package with those routers :-) if you want an actual professional router you buy mikrotik or ubiquiti ( but i reccomend ubiquiti mostly for ap duty i prefer to leave routing duties to mikrotik as they got much more featured os for it ) . 
  those companies are world top notch makers of 802.11 isp solutions . 
  totally agree . 
  not all that user friendly - you need some networking background to set them up properly - but they got all the features you could ever need . 
  nope that is a router . 
  mikrotik has possibly the best routing operating system . 
  and 802.11 n is perfectly ok unless you have like 70 + mbit/s connection . 
  `` let 's start with what should be a very basic human right '' . 
  i do n't think you understand what a human right is . 
  you have a right to own yourself and products of your labor . 
  thats it . 
  you do n't have a right to the product of somebody elses labor neither you have a right to other human beings - that is the definition of slavery . 
  ot : mcdonalds salads are actually pretty damn tasty !, 
  really ? 
  like there is anything wrong with porn.grow up, 
  what do you mean young ? 
  the game is for mature audience . 
  thats how you train your wrist for those sick awp flicks !, 
  anyone who is moralizing and spewing bullshit accross this thread should just go calm yourself have a wank and then apologize . 
  the game is pegi 18 . 
  if you ca n't handle mature stuff then whatever but just because you ca n't chew the steak does n't mean we wo n't . 
  there is nothing wrong about gambling or porn . 
  so stop your moralizing . 
  more money in cs is a good thing . 
  and even if kids play it ( which is ofcourse fault of the parents and we shouldnt tailor our experience for them ) then what the hell - its a game about shooting people in the faces and murdering them with knives with lots of blood - do you really think that something perfectly natural as sex is gon na hurt them ? 
  ( and its not as if kids dont watch porn , i watched porn since i was 13 and that was before we even had internet ... ), 
  i myself am looking forward to team brazzers , redtube rangers and double penetration gaming :-p, 
  nope 380x is essentially the replacement of 280x ( as 380/285 was a replacement of 280 ) its just full tonga chip, 
  there is a difference between drivers for hardware you already bought requiring registration and free software/service requiring registration . 
  since when nvidia is n't a private company that can act independently ? 
  yes and we are private individuals that can independently pass judgment on such actions . 
  that is exactly what is happening in this thread . 
  not really , i do n't have to register for my soundcard , network card , keyboard headphones or almost anything else . 
  so why should i suddenly start registering for gpu, 
  nope but i used to have one before i upgraded to 7970ghz edition . 
  now i have one more reason to not go back to nvidia again . 
  thing is i do n't find that gfe or amd gamingevolved enhances my gaming experience . 
  yeah but nano is kinda best case scenario card - super cherry picked chips that run on the lowest possible voltage :-), 
  counter-strike is a game based on momentum and psychology . 
  if i can get under my opponent skin i can gain a huge advantage . 
  thats why shittalking is so prevalent . 
  if somebody from enemy team is crap i will bellitle him for that . 
  if somebody from enemy team has a fat guy profile pic i will make fun of him because of that . 
  if somebody has stupid voice i will make fun of him for that . 
  and if there is a girl in the other team i will damn well try to get under her skin and make her play like shit :p, 
  so yeah fuck this political correctness lets all sing kumbaya together bullshit . 
  this is a competitive game about winning . 
  keeping up morale in your team high and in enemy team low is gon na help you win . 
  so yeah `` grill '' have a thick skin and dont complain :p, 
  i am not forced to do that . 
  its just fun thing to do :-) i like to laugh at the comebacks the other team says . 
  and it helps to keep the game little bit of fun . 
  what do you mean `` level playing field '' . 
  how does shittalking tilt the playing field ? 
  this is a game for mature audiences if you ca n't handle little bit of shittalking and start choking then toughluck bro - go play hello kitty island adventure . 
  you can feel sorry for whoever you want , i do n't care :-p caring about other people feelings is so beta . 
  grill  girl 10/10 mlg, 
  or maybe just ignore them / laugh at them and overall do n't give a shit . 
  what do you mean that you do n't mean it . 
  like literally ? 
  yeas that woman is propably not a grill in real life its just a human being not a barbecue instrument :p :p top kek, 
  99 % of the good things around you are results of free market , 99 % of shit things around you are the result of governmetn . 
  yet its always the free market fault . 
  you are simply delusional . 
  if you do n't have freedom to make mistakes you have no freedom at all . 
  yeah but that is exactly how it works - by selling for higher price he destroyed his own market cause competition entered . 
  so he payd for his mistakes . 
  let 's say i am the only doctor in town and i want to go on vacation . 
  somebody then dies that could be treated while i was away on vacation . 
  that is not my fault . 
  i am not slave to anybody and i am the sole owner of myself and my services if i do n't want to work i have every right to do it . 
  forcing me to work would violate my freedom . 
  by the same logic i have every right to charge whatever money i want for my services - nobody is forced to pay me they can go somewhere else . 
  by charging lot of money i do n't violate anybody rights and if somebody dies because he ca n't afford my services thats a shame but certainly not mu fault - i do n't owe my services to anybody i am a free independent human being not a slave to society . 
  what you imply is slavery and that is very dangerous . 
  not really in the early days you even `` had to '' have one card for 2d and second for 3d, 
  one of the reasons is because since both drives are next to each other physical damage can happen ( flood , fire ) or the machine can be stolen . 
  i have to give props to demagogues ... they always know how to create nice names for shit . 
  we have `` initiative for internet freedom '' because nothing is more `` free '' than hundreds of pages of government regulation and overwatch of the internet . 
  and nothing is more `` neutral '' than telling / forcing companies how they can use their own infrastructure . 
  net neutraility is nothing else than net communism . 
  if you ca n't treat certain time sensitive packets differently and shape them properly everything gets slow . 
  you wan na play games ? 
  well thats a shame cause bob here wants to download shitload of movies - it doesnt matter that he wouldnt care that his packets get delivered little bit later with higher latency since we have to treat packets equally now go enjoy playing cs : go with 200ms ping cause that is fair and `` neutral '' . 
  good thing capitalism is not based on attitudes and feelings but on doing shit . 
  i work for small isp as a senior network technician/specialist and i 've personnaly built and payed for my own private point-to-point connection to my house . 
  maybe learning stuff about networking would help you understand why `` net neutrality '' is bs . 
  that is not what i was talking about . 
  i was talking about basic network shaping . 
  you are mixing up bandwidth with latency . 
  priotizing gaming packets has zero percievable effect on downloading for anybody . 
  if you had even some ridicilous delay like lets say 1000ms ( 1s ) for your streaming/downloading you would n't even notice it . 
  because that traffic is not time-sensitive - it doesnt matter at all if the video you are watching on your screen is 1s late . 
  what matters is that it is stable and without stuttering which can be done easily even with high latency aslong as bandwidth is good . 
  but it matters a lot if you are sending time sensitive data . 
  throtling has nothing to do with it . 
  good proper shaping is the reason internet works i am sorry we do n't live in a fantasy communist land where everyone has dedicated connection . 
  and if we did n't treat packets differently based on criteria such as who sent them , to where are they going or what type of traffic it is , then a single user could just use up all of that shared media . 
  which is not very neutral . 
  if we did n't have packet shaping ( i.e.
