  you also get more criminality and it causes problems with immigrants ( people now can come in and just stay in `` ghettos '' not work not learn language and not assimilate ... instead of them having to go to work and join the society ) . 
  i am all for aiding the needy but charities can do that more efficiently and more people give to charity in countries with lower taxes ( and also you can no longer say `` its not my job to help them - governmetn does that '' ), 
  it does raise latency ( in ideal condition not much to be noticable though ) . 
  what is nice is that its on a big river so transport there shouldnt be a huge problem . 
  btw just to clarify what `` optional taxes means '' . 
  ( i 've seen an interview with vit jedlicka . ), 
  they will simply say what they are wanting to do and let people donate to that cause ... sort of like a kickstarter . 
  ... sure beats the system we have now where if you do n't want to pay for wars you get called a terrible person who hates poor people . 
  from how i understand it ( from interview with vit jedlicka ) their optional tax system will essentially be the voting . 
  they will say what they want to do and let people donate to that cause - sort of like kickstarter . 
  from how i understand it their optional tax system will essentially be the voting ( i.e. 
  they will say what they want to do and let people donate to that cause sort of like kickstarter ) . 
  and i do n't think many statist are gon na put their money where their mouth is ... 
  they mostly want to do stuff with other peoples money :-) :-), 
  `` hooray lets donate to the cause of putting people in cages for smoking a plant ... lel '', 
  in my own testing wifi ussualy has 1-3ms latency where as ethernet has < 1ms so yeah it still adds latency - and as i said before in ideal condition its not enough to be noticed . 
  halo effect ? 
  inb4 160mhz 802.11 ac take over the 5ghz spectrum :-(, 
  you mean like carrizo ? 
  well lets hope they actually put it in some nice laptops :-), 
  how do they measure the marketshare ? 
  i find this hard to believe . 
  well i have 2generation old 17w amd one-module piledriver apu ( trinity ) . 
  and it runs leage of legends . 
  ... granted at lowest setings 1366x768 ( 13 '' screen laptop `` ultrabook '' ) @ 40-70fps . 
  the kaveri apu which are on the market now have much more power especcially in these ulv skus . 
  so they wouldnt break a sweat in lol . 
  yep but they used hdl ( high density libraries ) which is kinda like a shrink . 
  the only downside is that it cant clock high so no desktop parts . 
  also they have new revision of gcn with compression that should alleviate the ram bottleneck . 
  + its an soc - the northbridge is now integrated into the cpu ( so its on 28nm as opposed to older node like before ) . 
  its looking up to be pretty damn imressive product . 
  ( + other tweaks to make it more energy efficient ), 
  yea but where do you find these numbers ? 
  the only thing we got which is close to real marketshare ( gpu in use right now ) is the steam survey . 
  they might count gpu shipments and extrapolate out of that ( how much stuff is selling right now ) but that is not really a good measure of marketshare ( especially now when there is a little bit of stagnation in the gpu market - less need to buy gpu ) . 
  or they might have some formula of gpus sold + driver downloads for older cards or whatever . 
  this also doesnt count the lower end ( apu ) of the gpu market at all . 
  well yeah but i do n't really think that new gpu purchases are a huge part of marketshare . 
  especially in a stagnating market like pc . 
  oh so these numbers are not total marketshare but the percentege of new gpu shipments for q4 of 2014 ... well that is entirely different thing ... . . see that is what i was talking about :-), 
  these numbers are not total marketshare but the percentege of new gpu shipments for q4 of 2014 ... 
  are you talking about this 76 % / 24 % thing ? 
  well to clear things up a bit those numbers are not total marketshare ( i.e. 
  how many people own amd card vs how many people own nvidia card ) . 
  those numbers are the percentege of gpus the aib sold in q4 2014 . 
  pairing a fx4300 with a gtx 980 ? 
  wot ? 
  :d :d : d, 
  guys i am runing a pentium 4 3.2 ghz hyperhtreaded can somebody please sell and agp 8x version of this gtx 980 ? 
  i need more fps :d :-) :-), 
  well i had phenom ii x4 965 overclocked to 3.7 ghz and it was better than my friends fx4150 . 
  so i would expect fx4300 being slightly better than the phenom ii - but not way better . 
  ( btw if you are talking about the original phenom then sure that is no comparison ), 
  i found it alreay its the percentege of new gpu shipments for q4 of 2014 . 
  i wouldnt call that the market share . 
  not sure about this mobo but if he has phenom 2 and didnt bought his ram yet he might also buy am2/am2 + mobo . 
  most of them ( check manufacturer site ) got an bios update to run am3 cpus and ddr2 high density memory is dirt cheap on ebay ( twice cheaper than regular ddr3 ) . 
  yes but market share in a general sense ( or how people would understand it ) is how many people use nvidia vs how many people use amd . 
  not how many cards sold in last quarter, 
  well why not just make all the players position server sided ? 
  i would like revolver skin for deagle ( there are revolvers with 7 shots ) . 
  i also wouldnt be against silenced smg ( like tmp in cs1 .6 ) . 
  sure but i remember mods for cs 1.6 servers so the player locations and stuff were only server side so it would n't show unless the player could actually see them - no wh possible . 
  quake live - unarguably nonexploitive . 
  no grinding nothing - if you pay subscription you are able to create your own lobbies otherwise no benefits . 
  amd or nvidia card ? 
  yes amd has a similar stuff in control panel :-), 
  you dont want cheapest case for htpc ... that thing is gon na be next to your tv ... it is supposed to look good . 
  if you are open to used parts you might be better off just byuing a used i7 2600k + a gpu . 
  that way you can keep your mobo . 
  ( + check you psu you didnt specify ), 
  no ddr3 support :-( and i hoped that i 'd be able to reuse my sticks . 
  you can join lobbies and its not p2win in any sense . 
  what more would you want for free lol ... 
  well i hoped they would do similar thing like with phenom ii ( worked with either ddr2 or ddr3 depending on the mobo ) . 
  but since this is an apu first and foremost i guess it makes bunch of sense . 
  cut your nails you pig !, 
  well i hope that atleast the platform will have some staying power and not be dead after one release ( like fm2 / fm2 + ) . 
  well since i am running an fx8350 on my 2010 am3 board ( beta bios :p ) i have high expectations :d, 
  its because of obama :d / s, 
  sorry i didnt check that . 
  you are indeed correct . 
  and it doesn even support the i5/i7 :-( wasnt expecting a crappy miniitx board . 
  well disregard me and onto getting a new board :d, 
  best story ever :d, 
  yes it is . 
  since you already have am3 + mobo the best perf / $ way is upgrading to fx 8350 ( or 8320 and overclocking ), 
  you should definitely consider going the apu route . 
  i just build this exact build last weak . 
  ( add your case hdd + psu ) . 
  at this price range you ca n't get anything better . 
  cpu wise it competes with i3 4150 in multithreaded benches . 
  gpu wise its pretty damn good . 
  it doesnt break a sweat on lol/dota2/cs : go and it works good enough to play new titles aswell ( tried metro : ll , wolfenstein nwo both are playable at low settings ), 
  + its unlocked ( i did quick and dirty oc on the gpu ( from 760mhz to 900 ) no voltage change and stock cooler ) . 
  + the potential of hsa acceleration . 
  [ pcpartpicker part list ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/p/hpy8wp ) / [ price breakdown by merchant ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/p/hpy8wp/by_merchant/ ), 
  type | item | price, 
  ** cpu ** | [ amd a8-7650k 3.3 ghz quad-core processor ] ( http://pcpartpicker.com/part/amd-cpu-ad765kxbjabox ) | $ 98.99 @ ncix us,
