  fucking common . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  you do realise that not doing such thing is basically dead-sentence in the eyes of the media ? 
  we would n't stop hearing about it for years ... `` remember the cold-hearted trump that said fuck you to all those people that got struck by the hurricane ? '', 
  doing something like this is nothing but a political common sense . 
  nah it doesnt . 
  piledriver vs excavator, 
  eh ... well i 'd say its a good deal if you already have am3 + motherboard and memory ( for example you want to upgrade from older bulldozer cpu or 4 core piledriver ) . 
  otherwise getting even ryzen 3 1200 is a much better deal for general purpose computing ( and especially gaming ) . 
  ( although in some workloads the 8350 is better than the cheapest ryzen ), 
  its great for a fall build though ... not very good for summer build though :-) if you know what i mean :d, 
  i guess its more meant for people who still got old am3 + systems with bulldozer or quad core piledrivers . 
  in that case it is pretty good upgrade . 
  yeah building a new system on the am3 + platform is not a great idea :-), 
  if you use enough force it will fit :d, 
  eh not really if you are refering to bristol ridge then that is just the same die carrizo used back in 2015 ( the laptop apu ) . 
  they just put the same chip on to a different package so it fits am4 platform . 
  no additional r & d spend . 
  actually its on the 28nm ( piledriver and bulldozzer were 32 , steamroller and excavator are 28 ) . 
  but yeah its the same family of chips . 
  there were some ipc improvements however due to the process change the newer ones do n't clock as high so that offsets the gains . 
  its not really a tiny difference . 
  however the 28nm was a bulk node and it was n't suitable for high-performance cpus . 
  that resulted in amd not being able to push frequencies high enough ( which was basically the main reason why they did n't bother updating their octo-core and only focused on the apus ) . 
  28nm especially at this late time and using gpu-centric high density libraries was quite efficient - as long as you stayed in the sweet spot - making it pretty damn good for mobile apus . 
  on desktop obviously the efficiency took second place . 
  the tales of socialism :-) i remember from the tales of my parents and grandparents how during the socialist era , almost every one even people living in the big appartment housing complexes had a plots of land where they grew fruit and vegetables ... and of course if you had a garden you raised chicken / rabbits . 
  to this day a lot of people still do it even when it does n't make almost any sense - they do n't save any money doing it ... but yeah its a hobby . 
  i do n't drink alcohol so ban it . 
  this scam needs to stop !!, 
  people are spending money and destroying their health !!, 
  `` the 8700k will be the same size as the 7700k '', 
  why do you think that ? 
  its on the same 14nm process ... and the igpu is not gon na get smaller is it ? 
  thank you . 
  i should also add that if the answer is total bs the more likely is the poster gon na sound sure about it . 
  where as if the answer is more or less correct you are gon na see `` well i am not an expert but i 'd say '' or something similar . 
  its called dunning -- kruger effect, 
   there 's really no incentive for the average person to use a cryptocurrency unless that average person wants to commit crimes . 
  inflation ? 
  risk management ? 
  meanwhile outside the courtroom hundreds of protesters holding pepe `` feels bad man '' signs :d, 
  imho this is kinda fucked up . 
  its deliberately messing with someones brain . 
  they associate the controller with gaming and that will propably make them act differently when using it . 
  because id software released the source code . 
  and fans are making ports to every platform :-), 
  helicopter memes have shit to do with nazism ... you you are worse than the typical sjw idiot for which everything right of stalin is nazism . 
  in the lefts eyes you are a nazi . 
  wow ... 
  so being on reddit is basically equivalent of being in a concetration camp . 
  pssst we do n't like it but if you speak out we are gon na silence you as to not give the guards any pretext to attack us . 
  enjoy . 
  as for normal people , have fun and if those fuckers do n't want us on reddit then leave reddit or shall i say lets voluntarily physically remove ourselves from reddit :-p . 
  its not a monopoly . 
  specifically helicopter memes do n't have anything to do with nazism , race or any of that bullshit ... 
  they just do n't . 
  is there some crossover ? 
  yes nazis do n't like communists either ... . no sane person likes communists ... 
  i am for working together on separate issues with almost anybody - you guys on the left want to legalize weed ? 
  great me too . 
  i want more personal freedom . 
  you guys want free speech and less political correctness ? 
  fuck yes i support that wholeheartily . 
  and if some asshole sjw wants to call me a nazi for it ? 
  fuck him i wo n't apologize to those idiots . 
  apologizing solves nothing . 
  `` gold and black does n't believe in the concept of evicting and annihilating people from their own property based on shite political beliefs '', 
  - proceeds to evict a person from their property ( subreddit ) based on shite political beliefs :-), 
  do you realize you were just trying to sound funny pointing out a double standard while being a double standard :-d, 
  i just quoted what you quoted . 
  more motherboard sales =  more money to intel from selling chipsets . 
  it also i would imagine makes oems happy . 
  otherwise a whole lot of people would not buy motherboards in the last 5 years ... there was almost no progress in desktop cpus . 
  recently got my hands on and old piece of wireless tech local isps used to use - pc engines wrap - it is embeded computer running 266mhz x86 cpu and has 128mb ram , bought a 4gb cf microdrive and couple of hours later installed debian on it and boom now it works as a small ts3 server and secondary wifi acces point . 
  ( i also put an additional heatsink on the cpu and made some modifications to mikrotik case so everything would fit ) . 
  i recently bought an old full tower full of dust stickers and scratches for cheap from a site similar to ebay and decided to transform it into a new housing for my pc . 
  after a long time cutting extra holes , entiraly rebuilding the front panel to allow more airflow , making sure the psu runs on separate air circuit , repainting and putting it all together , this is the finished product . 
  the question now is should i put some lights inside ? 
  ( thinking about white led strips ), 
  short version : buy destkops , not laptops . 
  long version :, 
  you guys propably noticed that the raw performance progress has really slowed down in the last few years . 
  there is new trend in computing where companies are pushing power efficiency small tdp over pure performance . 
  long gone are the days when amd and intel were trying tu push every last bit of performance out of their cpus so they could break the gigahertz barrier . 
  the main reason imho of this change is that destkop sales are low compared to mobile platforms so they focus on mobile platforms and bringing the performance we already have on destkop into smaller power envelope . 
  i also noticed another trend where people do n't buy a destkop anymore even if they will be using it 99 % of time just plugged in . 
  they even buy monstrosities like 17 '' huge laptops . 
  why ? 
  so my fellow members of master race we should all come together and educate all the bfus to not waste money buying laptops when they wont be using it as a laptop - you can build much faster miniitx destkop for lower price ( you can transport miniitx easily ) . 
  if we could make a dent and see destkop sales rising companies will take notice because customer is the king . 
  when the prerendered cutscenes look worse than actual gameplay ... 
  got 7970 ghz edition ( the card that was rebadged as 280x ) lately and a saw it in lots of games ... makes me sad ... but i guess the lower resolution is for the added cinematic feel :d, 
  hello guys ,, 
  i am currently running my oooold pii 965 overclocked @ 3.8 ghz ( i can go 3.9 but at considerably higher voltage ... . anything more than that is unstable :-( ), 
  and i recently upgraded my gpu to radeon 7970 ghz edition ( = 280x ) and i am sadly seing the ugly cpu bottlenecking - my gpu is running at around 70 % load in most games and sometimes even goes to 50 % which is a shame so i was thinking about cpu upgrade ( i can still play games at great quality 1080p 60 + fps it just sucks to see that much unused power and not being able to play @ ultra ) . 
  and i do n't want to go intel cause of their shady bussiness practices which leaves me basically 3 choices . 
  1 ) suck it up and wait a long time for a new fx architecture / proper hsa apu with more cores, 
  2 ) get a new mobo and 8350 ( and do n't expect any upgrade for that mobo ), 
  3 ) get and second hand thuban 1100t that can fit my mobo ( which will be cheaper than mobo + 8350 ),
