  no some cpus do n't need coolers ... ... like amd geode ... 
  obviously this is not what you meant by that question . 
  you meant if you need aftermarket cooler or is the stock ok . answer to that is that - stock cooler is enough to keep you cpu from overheating and throtling ( in most cases ) but it is ussually pretty loud compared to aftermarket coolers . 
  sell it ... . . 
  `` 750ti instead of that card , just for shadowplay . 
  it does all the encoding on the fly with no performance hit , while amd 's solution does have some performance hit . '', 
  i call major bs . 
  according to those same benches shadowplay has performance hit aswell ... amd has slightly ( few fps ) higher but since for the same price you can buy much better amd gpu its a non factor . 
  i know ... just look on some of the recent lawsuits that intel lost ... 
  they were litteraly paying off laptop makers for not putting amd chips inside devices . 
  the problem i see with heavily one-sided maps is how much a pistol round matters . 
  the whole map can then basically be decided by a pistol round and i do n't think that is very good . 
  and on some obscure maps :-), 
  and the other problem is the psychological aspect when playing with randoms ( mostly at lower ranks ) : if you start as the losing sites and are getting rekt - everybody is angry which results in lower team communication and overall bad play on the other side and the momentum carries into second half . 
  wired is always better . 
  if lot of people are using wifi at the same time it results in high latency . 
  also people that are connected with bad signal cause the router to retransmit a lot of the packets causing even higher strain . 
  and it also could be results of wireless interference from neigboring wi-fi or other devices using 2.4 ghz spectrum . 
  solution - get cable for the your devices , implement qos and try to somehow boost signal in places where its low . 
  usb 3.0 is plenty fast to support 300mb/s troughput , even usb 2.0 is . 
  problem might be additional latency . 
  but mostly the usb radios are not mimo ( so max theoretical speed 150mbit/s = + -75 mbit/s real ideal speed ) . 
  and ofcourse bunch of them are low quality and have crappy antennas . 
  yep atheros is the way to go :-) excelent linux support and ap mode are always a bonus :-), 
  exactly . 
  like almost every fucking game i play some poor loser is accusing someone of hacking ... 
  sorry but the only way you could know some one is hacking is if it was your teammate and you were spectating him - funny they almost always accuse the enemy . 
  ( or if it was blatantly obvious - which is like never ), 
  am i right that this is just using gpu cores to accelerate it and not a true hardware decode ? 
  could somebody explain what exactly happened and how that firmware hole can affect users of those mobos ? 
  btw : could the update in agesa mean that somo mobos will also get updated cpu microcodes so they can have support for more cpus ( for instance am2/am2 + boards getting the full am3 support ), 
  sounds harsh ... but thats why you are silver :d, 
  mac-10 isnt eco weapon . 
  i miss john paul ii ... 
  here , have a upvote :p, 
  r9 280 ... anything higher goes to waste due to your cpu ( even the 280 wont get utilized to its max potential ) . 
  if your mobo can take 8350 upgrade, 
  true hardware decode meaning dedicated silicon just to deal with that ( like amd vce ), 
  or some am1 system - they have very cheap miniitx boards and are low power ( 25w ), 
  mouse for fps : razer deathadder 2013 or microsoft wheel mouse optical ( if on budget ) - dont buy anything with laser sensor, 
  agreed its not an `` eco gun '' though :-), 
  forcebuy ! = eco, 
  soldering iron ... 
  have you thought about just spray painting a different case ? 
  cpu cooler . 
  or accesories ( mouse , headphones ), 
  well what i would do if i were you - just pick some old white/yellowed atx pc case ( they are basically almost free ) . 
  and do a project out of it - sand down all the outside metal with wery fine grain and then just apply several coats of matte color ( or plastidip ) . 
  its easy and fun . 
  as an fps player - razer deathadder / zowie / microsoft wheel mouse optical . 
  laser sensors suck . 
  keyboard isnt really that important ( and it will cost lot more than 50 $ to get proper mechanical one anyway ), 
  lol is free 2 play =  higher potential player base, 
  fps are lot easier to cheat in . 
  honestly i play cs : go and lol both but i do n't watch lol esports at all it just does n't interest me . 
  but i agree that valve first and foremost needs to get a better at detecting cheats and such . 
  as for player poaching i do n't see any problem with that . 
  teams can solve it with contracts . 
  fixing games is imho really hard to prevent or even find out if that really happened - and sure it sucks ass but anticheat should be the highest priority ( and fixing ridicilous map expoits like on overpass ) . 
  well isnt mantle technically still in beta ? 
  you guys are kinda missing the point - you have to understand that consoles need to be low tdp because of safety regulations and government bullshit like that . 
  and you ca n't buy / build a pc that is same form-factor / tdp as a console and outperforms it for the same price . 
  yes the consoles are underpowered but they are pretty good for what they are - and the hardware inside them is the best what they could 've gone with . 
  most am2 / am2 + boards can support am3 cpus ( such as phenom ii 965 and such ) with a bios update - so you could go that way and get used phenom ii . 
  but upgrading whole platform will get you more performance and lower power consumption ( but you would need to get new ram aswell ) . 
  what is your budget ? 
  whats the rest of the build ( psu , gpu , storage ? ), 
  you can either use cpu-z or just look at it - its ussually written on it, 
  * does n't matter for gaming ( almost ), 
  yeh well its actually really really hard to do it today . 
  because there are n't basically any pci / pcie floppy controllers . 
  there are some usb floppy drives but that is basically it . 
  or you can get an older pc which still has floppy controller on mobo and get acces to that drive with network sharing :d, 
  is n't 1.35 v basically stock voltage on bunch of the chips ? 
  imho it has to do with cooling - its easier too cool two separate dies than one big hot die . 
  there arent many floppy drives that have ide ... only very few of the later ones . 
  my am3 + does ` nt :-(, 
  you are propably running one of the boards with old am2 + era chipset ( 7xx ) . 
  there actually were floppy like optical media they simply didnt catch on :-) ( check lgr channel on youtube ), 
  they have their own special connector - it looks kinda like ide but it has less pins . 
  switzerland is not facing currency problems . 
  eu is facing currency problems and are constantly devaluaing - switzerland just got sick of having to devalue aswell . 
  so no stuff will not get more expensive ... its just that your euros will be worth less . 
  this is awesome !, 
  did the same thing but my is in 5,25 bay :d ( i got rid of all the 3,5 bays in my diy full tower case - so i get maximum airflow ( nothing stands in the way of my motherboard :-) ) ), 
  well you have to understand that high performance destkop cpus are ussualy the offsprings of server cpus ( because its not worth it to design a cpu just for that small niche ) . 
  and for a server / workstation design the fx series is actually really good - the fx module was the same die size as single intel core while having considerably better multithreaded performance which is win win for server . 
  what really have hurt amd was the windows scheduler shenanigans which made them perform like crap in windows and the fact that the first bulldozer wasnt really improvement over phenom ii ( apart from core count ) but it was hyped as shit . 
  as ussual amd was too early to the party :-( it took long time for software to catch up ( and its still catching up today . ), 
  steamroller did n't come to am3 + but i would n't draw conclusions that nothing will come to am3 + . 
  the problem with steamroller was the manufacturing procces - while it has higher ipc than piledriver due to the process it ca n't clock that high so it would n't be upgrade over their piledriver stuff . 
  and reworking it for ooooold 32nm soi would be kinda going back and spending a lot of money on it . 
  now just theoretically we have 28nm fd-soi which should be pretty damn good proccess for cpu so there is a possibility ( albeit very small ) of new excavator coming to am3 + . 
  they could drop the l3 cache which takes major portion of the die and put out very cheap small die 6/8 core variants . 
  the single-core performance difference between intel and amd is n't that huge so something like that would actually made for a compeling chip . 
  will they do it ? 
  nobody knows - propably not . 
  well according to some rumors carrizo is not comming to fm2 + ( which would make sense as they used hdl and everybit optimization they could to make it the best for laptop where apu make sense the most ) . 
  that doesnt neccesarily mean we wo n't get excavator at all in fm2 + though . 
  well i would expect that - 2016 ddr4 will be cheaper than ddr3 ( propably ) and if they planned to release new am3 chipset with native usb3 they would have propably done it already to reduce the mobo price .
