  saying companies ca n't prioritize traffic can very well hurt gaming as gaming has very small bandwidth requirements but those packets are very important and latency sensitive . 
  prioritizing gaming packets is just a no brainer in competitive marketplace . 
  the only question is if us is competitive marketplace - many argue it is n't but in that case you need to be calling for different laws and definitely not for another regulations that will cripple the competition even more and just help the big companies . 
  yeah those are the people we need to deport !, 
  we do n't need no self-sufficient taxpayers !!!!, 
  refugees welcome . 
  `` do n't tread on me . '', 
  that is basically the anarcho-capitalist motto . 
  but if you are n't ready to back it up then its just a bunch of words . 
  those memes are a fun way of showing people that we are ready to back it up . 
  its a joke meant to shock people . 
  imho - you are simply looking too much into it and taking it far too seriously . 
  and as for pinochet and in general . 
  you all very well know that all government does is basically violence - otherwise you are not an anarchocapitalist . 
  and obviously you have every right to defend yourself against violence . 
  then you have people calling for more and more violence to be done against you , campaigning for it , voting for it , rioting , breaking stuff , stealing ? 
  where do you draw a line about what is justifiable self-defense ? 
  is it a big leap to say that since we live in a `` democracy '' that a person campaigning and voting for violence is partially responsible for violence ? 
  afterall not only the killer is responsible for the murder . 
  some could argue that pinochet was acting in self-defense on behalf of all the people when he was using reppressive measures on the worst offenders . 
  edit : funny how you complain about the lack of logical discussion , but if i try to engage you with logical arguments you downvote . 
  `` lax '' ... 
  i think you misspelled free . 
  single ryzen has 24 total pcie lanes . 
  since this is essentially 2 ryzen dies you will most likely see 48 pcie lanes ( some of them will be used for sata and stuff ), 
  what is wrong with revolver hahaving 8 bullets ? 
  yeah its fucking depressing that there are basically almost zero top-notch rts being developed ... that is the one genre that ca n't be brought to consoles and its suffering hard :-(, 
  i wish someday it will return to its glory days - like point and click adventures are now . 
  i watched a gameplay vid ... that is technically an rts ... but sorry not the genre i am talking about . 
  i just finished thimbleweed park a week ago and it was absolutely amazing . 
  its from ron gilbert ( creator of monkey island ), 
  protip # 2 - ethernetovercoaxial and ethernet over phoneline exists asswell :-) ( littlebit more expensive though ), 
  if you have solid electrical wiring and do not try to jump phases then powerline is topnotch . 
  i do n't know many technical people that use chrome . 
  a ) its not the fastest nor the lightest browser anymore, 
  b ) it doesnt have the best compatibility, 
  c ) its not open source, 
  d ) its owned by google . 
  in fringe usage case scenarios . 
  in general usage it doesnt matter . 
  ... inb4 the tech press will run a lot of avx benchmarks to show it in the best possible light :-), 
  brooo but i really need to know if my i7 will bottleneck my gt610 !!, 
  not just about gaming . 
  but general computing . 
  sure there are propably use cases where avx 512 can be ( maybe even is now - not sure about it ) used . 
  but overall there are two problems . 
  a ) well there is not that much math that needs 512 bits . 
  b ) intel likes to segment marketplace all the time - so only a small number of skus support the extension - meaning there is very little incentive for programmers to use them . 
  like how that bitch says `` we '' ... ... u can bet my ass she doesnt :-), 
  oh well that was embarassing :d, 
  they actually are . 
  i remember the rx480 being very similar to the gtx 980 . 
  so yeah the 1060 should be in the same range . 
  i like what janusz korwinn-mikke ( polish politician ) said in one interview about monarchy : `` if you have a bad ruler in monarchy you can kill him and have a better ruler . 
  if you have bad ruler in democracy , you ca n't kill 50 % of people . '', 
  some of you guys are shadow-banned . 
  it says 3 comments but i only see two of them . 
  so yeah . 
  i for one welcome our new free market chinese overlords :d ( all kidding aside , the song is catchy and lyrics very nice !, 
   how bad are the yields on 1700 anyway ... 
  eh considering the die is actually quite small the yields will propably be very good and most of those cpus are just disabled so they can sell more . 
  since they still make money even on those parts then its a win win . 
  when you think about it isnt it strange that nobody tried segmenting the market based on what graphics level you play ? 
  lets say 40 $ for low only , 50 $ for medium , 60 $ for high and 80 $ for ultra . 
  ( and then lets say 2 years down the road just release a patch to unlock all the settings on every version ) . 
  the people playing on low and medium obviously do n't have much money to spend so selling to them cheaper makes sense and it doesn dillute the product for someone else - problem with reselling solved . 
  what you neglect to mention is while that might be true the last gen cpu will be pegged at 100 % while that ryzen has still many threads to spare . 
  so while you might lose few % in the current and old games if you are buying a cpu you want to keep around for a few years then the answer is quite obvious isnt it ... 
  well dual core was easy sell to gamers . 
  as that meant that all your os and background programs could simply run on the other core and leave your one core entirely free for your game . 
  i myself am quite interested on what is gon na emerge as the max number of core/threads used in gaming in the future ( lets say 15-30years ) after all there is amdahl law and it ca n't scale into infinity . 
  yeah well and it was true . 
  game development takes time . 
  and engine development especially . 
  once the consoles appeared with 8core cpu it was pretty damn obvious what the future holds for game engines . 
  is n't this fact though the reason why people are still keeping an i7 2600k today ? 
  more than 6 year old cpu ? 
  and it still rocks and in some titles is better than newer i5s ? 
  this is not gpus we are talking about ... you do n't change cpus every 2 years . 
  so why the hell would you go and buy i5 4core cpu if for the same money you can buy a 6core/12thread one . 
  not to mention the lower platform cost on amd side . 
  its usefullness come from 2 facts -, 
  1 ) bitcoin and payment system are inseparable . 
  and the payment system is certainly useful . 
  you can pay somebody on the other side of the world without any government stopping you . 
  2 ) government ca n't stop you trading with someone . 
  government ca n't inflate the currency and destroy your savings . 
  while gold is certainly useful for jewelry , electronics and such its priced based on only those factors would be a lot lot less than it is now . 
  bitcoin is not so unlike gold . 
  the code is not pointless . 
  it serves to confirm and keep track of all the transactions . 
  bank uses cash . 
  cash is controlled by government . 
  goverment can just walk in and seize your cash . 
  government can inflate the cash so its worthless like in pre ww2 germany ... . 
  nothing like this can happen with bitcoin . 
  that is the beaty of decentralization . 
  what is any other currency backed by ? 
  ... `` leave my open internet alone '' says a sign on a rally protesting a repeal of more government rules regulating the internet . 
  you ca n't make that shit up .
