  propably the best write-up on this is here :, 
  8350 is a great choice - it has multithreaded performance much above its class - so it is great workstation chip for the money . 
  as for gaming performance you should not be bottlenecked with that gpu at all and if you look at the new game benchmarks ( gta v , witcher 3 ) you 'll see that it performs very good - games are starting to utilize those cores better . 
  that should be even better in the future with dx12 . 
  i would go intel only if the main sole purpose is gaming . 
  but i would consider getting 8320e / 8320 and put the saved money into a good aftermarket cooler - you can easily get it to clock much higher than stock 8350 and it will be more quiet . 
  remember the 32nm soi process is like perfected now so overclocking is really easy . 
  i am currently running 8350 with hd7970ghz ( = = r9 280x ) and i am pretty damn happy with it :-), 
  as for motherboard - beware of very cheap ones with old crappy chipsets . 
  thanks to backwards compatibility mobomakers are able to use 8year old chipsets from the am2 era . 
  for instance there are mobos with nforce 630a which doesnt support usb3 , sata3 , pcie 2.0 ( it only supports pcie 1.0 ) . 
  go for something with chipset 970/990 - for instance asus m5a97 is good budget board . 
   it is important to specify that these feature levels are not directly related to the resource-binding tiers ; moreover , they cover only some of the rendering capabilities exposed by direct3d 12 . 
  some of these capabilities are not covered at all even by the highest feature level , and all others can be individually supported by the graphics hardware ( if the gpu architecture and the drivers allow them ) regardless of the supported feature level . 
  yep it should be alright ( obviously depends on how far you overclock ) ... 
  imho its because it fits in very small niche - its main strength against competition is 1080p but unless your goal is running on high framerates ( 144fps ) then you are better off just saving the money and getting 970 . 
  if we move on to 1440p it gets beaten by r9 390x which twice the ram and is considerably cheaper . 
  and at higher resolutions than that you want to go for 980ti/fury . 
  propably the userfriendly cheap way is powerline + router ( both from lets say tp-link they are cheap and good enough ) . 
  if you want to go better then spend more for mikrotik - they are isp-grade solution that is amazing ( but not very userfriendly ) . 
  i 've read it doesnt work in opengl and dx9 games, 
  never did i swap drivers and i have been using amd since hd5770 ... 
  i even used crossfire . 
  maybe just get rid of the autosettings - which is likely overvolting a lot and get your hands dirty and do proper manual overclock :-), 
  `` today we celebrate the victory of democracy '' ... 
  i still do n't see how ignoring the will of 37 % of people is somehow `` great victory '' that needs to be celebrated ... 
  but i guess democracy is da best !, 
  8 is enough for gaming . 
  i however got really close to it doing lot of multitasking and stuff so now i am running 12, 
  have played wolf : the new order ? 
  i liked the feel of guns there a lot . 
  carrizo-l has much smaller die though so its cheaper to manufacture . 
  top kek . 
  there are smokes in paintball :d ... not sure about flashes though ... 
  well since its 14nm ... and early on with the process not being matured i would think it will overclock worse then last gen. 
  but who knows :-), 
  i7 920 to sandy was the biggest jump though :-), 
  if you take sandy to now it has slowed :-), 
  how is it possible that the mobo is not compatible with the card ? . 
  ... that is really fucking strange ... theoretically you should be able to put 980ti even into some really old am2 era system with pci-e 1.0 x since its backwards compatible, 
  well intel needs to ship volume on 14nm so the process pays for itself . 
  its not like amd with fx , - they saw that 28nm and 20nm was shit so they just didnt release any cpus with it . 
  intel ca n't do that since they are developing the process and it they do n't use it its just a waste of money . 
  a ) bios settings ( fury x targets lower temps - aftermarket fury targets higher temps but silence ), 
  b ) fury is cut down version, 
  c ) fury runs at sligtly lower clocks, 
  asus strix fury has dvi, 
  not all reviewers get all custom gpus though :-) and even if they did - not all oem make nvidia and amd . 
  and even if they do sometimes they just reuse the nvidia cooler ( as has happened with 290x which 2 out of 5 heatpipes didnt even contact the chip ) ... 
  the asus has a dvi though so i bet it will find its niche :-), 
  well isnt that what they are basically doing ? 
  its the famous tick-tock . 
  tick is just die-shrink tock is architectural improvements . 
  thats how intel rolls :-), 
  ah thanks for clarification i am not following intel too much :-) ( currently waiting for zen to upgrade my fx8350 :d :d ), 
  oh man you did miss on a lot of videos where they are totally clueless about networking , internet and isps :-) :-), 
  as a senior networking technician for smallish isp in europe i cringed a lot . 
  you should buy aftermarket 390 ... nuff said . 
  similar price . 
  more powerful more then twice the memory and much more futureproof due to dx12 . 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9ckzijw6pk ), 
  if you insist on 970 - evga is famous for great cards . 
  as for psu you propably could get by that 430w one but no overclocking and its pushing it ( especially if the psu is few years old ) . 
  to be safe you should get a bigger capacity one . 
  it should for a lot of popular games - just watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4xdfeogonw - and this is with r9 285 which is slower than 7970ghz :-), 
  well you dont have to change your desktop to higher res - you can just set your games to run at higher res :-), 
  i 'd rather get bigger psu so you have place to overclock - and also to account for capacitor aging ( so your psu will last you longer :-) ) . 
  i support the decision to go with 390 - also keep in mind that it should get even better with dx12 while 970 not that much . 
  well yeah but i sure can run lol/dota/csgo at ultra 1080p so why not more :-) i am talking about those kinds of games . 
  it would be interesting though to see some comparison screenshots of lets say 1080p ultra vs higher resolution high/medium without aa with dsr/vsr . 
  dat snes effect !!!, 
  beatiful :d, 
  620 is enough if you are not planning to run 2 gpus ( and seasonic is a great choice ) . 
  i would definitely keep the ssd instead of 200mhz on cpu . 
  you are trading very little fps for overall much more responsive system for productivity . 
  even locked cpus are overclockable - through fsb ( the old way :-) ) - but its harder and ussually you are able to do only small overclock - not sure you can do it on that motherboard though . 
  but you can overclock that gpu . 
  i take back the part that i cant notice it ... :d i did little bit more testing and yep i can see the difference ... its small but visible :-) plus i feel that the gui being smaller has its benefits too . 
  i just read that on semiaccurate :-) :d my fav tech forum site ... 
  7970ghz has gcn 1.0 :-) its the same chip as r9 280x with higher clocks . 
  but you propably meant gcn 1.2 . 
  to be fair amd changelog doesnt say nothing about limiting gcn 1.0 to 1440p, 
  it says avalaibale modes are :, 
  - 3840 x 2160 ( amd radeon \u2122 r9 285 , amd radeon \u2122 r9 380 series , amd radeon \u2122 r9 fury series ), 
  so it would be nice to see 3200 x 1800, 
  actually true dvi has its advantages - if you own korean monitor you can ussually overclock it a bit - something you cant do with a adapter . 
  but yeah overall the sapphire card looks much better :-), 
  its in digital display panels, 
  970 is currently a bad deal - 390 outperforms it in every aspect and is morte fuiiture proof . 
  if nvidia drops prices for 970 it might be good but honestly i wouldnt buy 3.5 gb card when you can have 8gb for less :-), 
  if i were you i would spend a little more and get a different motherboard - this one is based on an old am2 era chipset which might affect your overclocking . 
  also you might save few $ by getting 1600mhz ram . 
  and i would get amd card ( something like 270 ) instead the 750ti is not very good price for performance ( its great for very low power builds though :-) ) . 
  yeah and propably a different ssd as other people said :-) otherwise nice build . 
  970 has smaller memory bus - only 256bit vs 512 on 390 . 
  so the overall bandwidth is lower . 
  agreed you should be able to have settings using 4/5/6 gb thoiugh ... something you cant achieve on 970 . 
  and keep in mind dx12 - gcn cards will benefit more cause they have tier 3 support and much better compute capabilities . 
  well yes in that case going for 970 might be better for you - but the only reason is because you fucked up when getting your psu and now you have to get inferior part because of it . 
  and imho you should be able to run 390 on 500w psu unless you run like fx8350 or other very power hungry overclocked cpu .
