  and i was talking about 1gb or less . 
  not less than 1gb . 
  a320 is the bottom of the barrel socket that nobody except for office pcs should buy . 
  b350 is budget socket . 
  2013 called . 
  they want their meta back . 
  i never claimed it is better than 7700k today . 
  i said it will age better . 
  which it will . 
  just look at core utilisation in cpu benchmarks . 
  intel cpus are regularly hitting 100 % of utilisation . 
  while ryzen has spare resources which are not currently utilised due to games not using that many threads properly . 
  so yes you might lose some % of fps if you are in cpu bottlenecked scenario ( which most people wont be ) , but you will pay less and in the future your cpu will likely perform better . 
  wanting to keep what is yours = entitled . 
  wanting other people to pay for my shit = not entitled just equality brah . 
  nice logic . 
  feeding children in itself is a great thing . 
  the unseen consequences are what is the problem . 
  you are subsidising singleparent households - children from which are scientifically proven to be much more likely to cause crime . 
  you are subsidising people who dont work - what kind of signals that gives to the child ? 
  and so on . 
  please just make it so there is one more student in economics 101 class . 
  you have variable cost and fixed costs . 
  if people dont send kids to school it means you can hire less teachers , you can turn off the heating in some rooms and so on . 
  and its not your problem the government is incapable of proper economic calculation - its not your job to figure out how many buildings you need to educate x children . 
  if bussiness is incapable of calcaltion they lose money or they go bankrupt and better bussiness takes over . 
  which is more likely to result in educated populace ? 
  private school where you are the customer or government school where government is the customer . 
  just look at history of government education - its main goal was always to push propaganda . 
  ( and its happening even today in the eu - you have global development education - multiculturalism , enviromentalism , sustained development and all this anticapitalistic nonsense which you are forced to pay for and if you protest you are threatened that social services will take your child ), 
  people wont breed if they cant feed their children . 
  when czech republic was having a referendum to join the eu the government funded only the yes side campaign and the state media was used as a blank propaganda tool having segments like from the 1970s . 
  that is why i said should be . 
  in the realworld however since rts games do n't sell well ( you cant really sell them on console as the input method sucks ) so nobody spends resources to make proper engine that is capable of leveraging multithreading . 
  just make it good enough and make it cheap is the mantra . 
  ( and civ is turnbased so nobody will spend milions of dollars to make it super optimised to run at hundreds of fps - its a turnbased game nobody cares . ), 
  shit ea even stopped the production of new command and conquer game . 
  command and conquer - that is almost the biggest rts brand that is out there . 
  and they said fuck it - not worth to make it . 
  ashes of the singularity and the upcoming new game from the same team are the only ones that came to mind . 
  and even those are more tech demos than a game ( their goal was to create such engine so they can licence it out . 
  the 1080p benchmark are clearly not gpu bottlenecked . 
  the 4k obviously are . 
  did you even see the review ? 
  i think its pretty obvious if you are just a moocher why should you have any say to what happens with other people money ... its like common sense . 
  if a group of friends let you go with them on a trip and you do n't contribute anything do you scream that you need to be part of making decisions ? 
  socialist hate him !, 
  `` to give you an idea about that guy , he wants the ecb to print money to buy back all state debt in europe . '', 
  as a czech : feels good not to have adopted euro :p, 
  about 1/3 of exports go to germany . 
  that is pretty significant . 
  if german economy goes down it means a downturn . 
  but it sure as hell is better to have a downturn than to have all your savings stolen by hyperinflation . 
  what power does the president of us have over fed anyway ? 
  isnt it supposed to be independent ? 
  i think you people know how it works . 
  eurozone is full of states with huge debts . 
  if there is a political will to do it it will be done . 
  who appoints fed chairman ? 
  '' thus they are prohibited from promoting their cause on campus . '', 
  is n't this against 1st ammednmend ? 
  i 'd like to know how they are gon na shutdown a channel ... 
  oh well fucking twitch would propably run scared of the government and shut it down for them . 
  i wish there would be actual tech companies with balls ... like what could german government do ? 
  force isps to block twitch ? 
  lol i 'd like to see that . 
  totalitarian state trying to control the spread of information ... . 
  i 'd like to know how they are gon na shutdown a channel ... oh well fucking twitch would propably run scared of the government and shut it down for them . 
  i wish there would be actual tech companies with balls ... like what could german government do ? 
  force isps to block twitch ? 
  lol i 'd like to see that . 
  i think we already know that every time the government wants to regulate the internet its always to `` fight child porn '' ... :-), 
  german government like every fucking leftist government is running scared of alternative media . 
  they are running scared of the pushback that alternative media ignited . 
  they are scared of people not voting for the same old shit . 
  they are scared of `` brexit '' . 
  so they are trying fight alternative media . 
  and what a better way to start than with a platform that is basically apatethic against politics . 
  nobody can them call them out on censorship . 
  and once there is precedent over this it will be lot easier to make this apply to more stuff . 
  what is the difference ? 
  why is that clickbait ? 
  le pen is literally currently being prosecuted by european parliament for showing pictures of terorist attacks . 
  i think we already know that every time the government wants to regulate the internet its always to `` fight child porn '' ... :-), 
  german government like every fucking leftist government is running scared of alternative media . 
  they are running scared of the pushback that alternative media ignited . 
  they are scared of people not voting for the same old shit . 
  they are scared of `` brexit '' . 
  so they are trying fight alternative media . 
  and what a better way to start than with a platform that is basically apatethic against politics . 
  nobody can them call them out on censorship . 
  and once there is precedent over this it will be lot easier to make this apply to more stuff . 
  government that wants to limit my speech is sure as hell not my friend . 
  where as company that stands to make profit from my speech can be a good ally . 
  and what makes the german government even think they have a juristiction over twitch ? 
   if you 're gon na make an example , use someone else that does n't shame europe . 
  ... popular speech does n't need protection . 
  you do n't need right to free speech to talk about weather . 
  pche - just tell them to fuck off . 
  there is nothing they can do about it .
