  well i guess i would agree that if i make a nice carving of a wood that nobody owned before that it is indeed mine . 
  it is this mixing of labor and resources that creates private property . 
  and i indeed do agree that some claims to private property today are not really valid - historically it was stolen from other people in conquest and so on . 
  sadly most of the people who got f * cked are now dead so there is nobody to return that property to . 
  and you can hardly blame somebody 500 years later that he built a house on a bunch of land that his great-great-great-great-great grandfather stole ... 
  and i agree that you ca n't simply claim huge amounts that you ca n't use - that is against homesteading principles , but is there really a difference if you are in a group and homestead land . 
  but some of the people in the group instead of sharing the resources ( which has inheritent risk involved ) choose to work for steady wage instead ? 
  its just the way of compensation - nobody is forcing anybody - those people agreed . 
  and no you do n't have to go work for corporation . 
  50 % of people living in this world actually work in gray economy - ussualy working for themselves . 
  yep its called sps - small penis syndrome . 
  those people suck so much that they have to be toxic . 
  yes thats the point - you double the pixel pushing power but the vram size stays the same - which results in massive bottleneck due to small vram . 
  the problem is not that 3,5 gb isnt enough ... the problem is that the card was sold as 4gb card when in fact is not ( and not to mention that they even marketed it as having bunch more rops , bigger cache and bigger bus ... ), 
  yep its till a pretty good card . 
  its just shitty slimy tactic to market it as something that is not . 
  its just false advertisement and i erxpect nv will get sued over it . 
  yea i do n't have problem with people that are bottom fragging ( afterall frags arent everything ) - its about teamplay - i.e. 
  : holding site and dealying enemy until rotation comes and shuts them down is better than killing one and dying even if it does n't show up on the scoreboard ... . 
  i see people rushing every round getting lucky one kill and than talking trash about people who do their job . 
  soldering 101, 
  if your definition of state is every single man who will protect what is his than you seriously need to reconsider your definition ... lol . 
  cause i do n't need no state to protect my life liberty or property . 
  well 50 cal shot will kill you even if it doesnt penetrate helmet ... 
  couple of reasons :, 
  - mumble has better voice codec ( atleast some say that i am not sure - and even if it was true i propably wouldnt hear the difference ) . 
  - mumble is open source - so anyone can host a server ; where as you need to pay teamspeak to host a server for more than 100 people ( or sth like that ) - so that results in mumble hosting being cheaper . 
  - ts has only x86 server binaries . 
  where as you can run mumble on arm or pretty much anything - it also has lower system requirements for server . 
  which means you can propably host mumble server on your wireless router :-), 
  tldr : it 's atleast as good as ts maybe even better and its free . 
  no sense upgrading this . 
  and pretty much anything that is reusable is storage : x ... even the case and psu suck cause they are dell proprietary mess and psu is sff . 
  i actually run my own ts server . 
  on my now historical pcengines wrap board ( wireless access point ) - it server as my secondary ap ( big house ) and still has enough horsepower ( dat 266mhz amd geode cpu :d ) to run small ts server for me and few friends :-), 
  i could 've run mumble aswell but friends are used to ts so ts it is :d ( thats propably the most important fact ... 
  i remember back in the day we all used ventrilo and were happy with it ... well no longer ), 
  well atleast we can agree for aboliton of state :-), 
  1/7 speed = slightly slower ... heheheheh, 
  would you be interested in my used gtx 260 ? 
  after all its only `` slightly slower '' than gtx 980 really trust me !, 
  well there is indeed 8gb of gddr5 memory on these gpus ... 
  i think everybody understands how dual gpu cards work so its no comparison . 
  had 5770 . 
  was happy . 
  got 1080p screen ... 
  got second one - boom double the fps ... was enough for a while but it could n't keep up in some games and when it did n't work properly it was bad ... 
  sold both got 7970ghz ( = = 280x ) boom double the fps again . 
  am happy again . 
  intel/nv scummy anticompetitive behavior . 
  + better bang for your buck ( ussualy ), 
  what do you mean enlighten me what horrible deeds have amd done . 
  lol go away bot i am not a filthy peasant !, 
  had ati/amd since hd4000 igpu on my mobo - then hd 5770 then crossfired 6770 with it and now i run 7970ghz . 
  i also have trinity apu in my laptop . 
  the only trouble i ever had with the driver was that somehow ccc ( catalys control center ) stopped working and i could ` nt change any settings - no effect on fps game or stability issues . 
  and simple reinstall solved this ccc problem easily . 
  its ussually just takes one player in the team that is toxic and well it spreads easily ... 
  i wish the report system was better . 
  its the case of loud minority . 
  just let those who get certain `` toxic rating '' play with each other and not bother the rest of us and problem solved ... ... 
  well since i ussualy only change stuff in ccc first when i install it and then leave it alone it was n't a big deal . 
  however yes it did happen few times . 
  but not recently ( since i got 7970ghz ), 
  brother have you read the testament ? 
  `` you shall not crossfire a low/mid end card unless you get a really good deal on it ! '', 
  well mate it has happened a long time ago . 
  its called gvr or you can use your vce block on gpu in obs . 
  free hat mccolough !!!, 
  it was self-defense !!, 
  and i thought it was global warming ... :d, 
  here have an upvote ... that was a bad case of nvidiotism, 
  oh sorry i misunderstood what you meant . 
  amd is gon na do promotion for people returning 970 so it might be worth it to pickup 290x . 
  waiting for 3xx is another option however i would n't expect it to move the prices a lot ( theyll propably release the flagship that will steal the crown from nvidia and price it accordingly ) . 
  well wait for a sale then :-), 
  no performance difference . 
  ( would matter if you got like 295x2 though ), 
  jesus christ stop calling match-fixing `` stealing '' . 
  thats just total bullshit . 
  it is fraud because it destroys the odds but you agreed when you bet that if team x wins you lose your money so it ca n't be called stealing . 
  what is the most scummy thing is that those games are then used as a measure of how good a gfx card is so in a sense amd hardware is being benchmarked by code written by nvidia which they themselves do n't even have to run . 
  that to me is like real bad for the industry . 
  wasnt talking about crysis 3 , was talking about gameworks titles, 
  of course - but what does almost everyone say about gpus ? 
  `` synthetic benchmarks are meaningless - look at games '' . 
  and sadly the games now can be skewed a lot . 
  asus is actually a pretty bad option when it comes to this gen of amd cards ... they just reused cooler from older nvidia gen on a chip that is smaller so 2 out of 5 heatpipes do n't make contact with the chip ... . . saphire / xfx is the way to go . 
  since optical out is digital you can just get the cheapest card that has that output ... . 
  they do n't diserve for rekt !, 
  not true they said again and again on the stream that cache was titan pick and inferno was penta, 
  simply enroll in some easy it course on your university you then should be able to get into msdnaa program where you get windows , visual studio and other ms software for free . 
  jesus christ with the drivers again ... been running amd gpus for the last 5 + years - the only problem i encountered was catalys control center stopped working which was easily fixed by reinstall ( and if you are n't someone who likes to fiddle a lot with driver settings you wouldnt even notice it ), 
  remember when the gtx960 launched and literally every youtuber called it in exact wording `` sweetspot for 1080p '' ? 
  ... hehehehe yes indeed its fucking scary . 
  3gb is alright for general use if you are running 32bit os . 
  the jump to 4gb doesnt give almost anaything because 64bit os and apps use more memory :-), 
  android isnt a phone brand . 
  4gb means 4gb !!, 
  well its binning - part of the gpu is propably faulty so they sell it as cpu only .
