  to use with my rx480 . 
  the moment i turned it on i recognized the 144hz just from moving the cursor on desktop and i was sold . 
  acer xg270hu - it has freesync range 30-144hz . 
  i am very happy with the purchase . 
  even though i mostly use the high refresh rates only in cs : go . 
  i can still get lets say 70-80 in lot of titles and its butter smooth with freesync . 
  so no complains . 
  it is likely that not only the port header is unpopulated - more than likely other smd parts such as resistors and caps have been left out . 
  so propably just soldering a connector wont work . 
  i do n't know about such port . 
  are you sure its really smaller and not just regular sata ? 
  how does paying taxes for roads and infrastructure justify welfare ? 
  one is a clear service ( although involuntary ) , the other nothing else than forcible transfer of wealth . 
  ok that is a problem . 
  how do you propose the problem can be solved ? 
  i did n't say its a problem for the whole society :-) what i meant is that it is a problem for the worker . 
  depends on your psu :, 
  a ) is it a reputable brand ? 
  ( some psus ca n't even deliver the wattage they claim they can ), 
  b ) can it supply the bulk of the power on the 12v rail ? 
  c ) does it have gpu power connector ? 
  you need to look at the sticker that is on the psu it specifies which rails can deliver what amps - if you ca n't make sense of it just post it here . 
  that is correct - meaning that this psu can only supply 216 w at 12v rail . 
  ( 12v * 18a = 216w ) . 
  vast majority of power that computers use is delivered on this 12v rail . 
  and you do n't want to put too much stress on this psu anyway - since its old and not top notch quality . 
  so i would advise you to only use this psu with low power systems - such as apu . 
  it could in theory power g4560 with 1050 system but you would be hitting the limits and that is not save . 
  from the manual -, 
  in single vga card mode , it is recommended to install a pci express x16 graphics card on pcie2 slot . '', 
  have you done that ? 
  that is the full size slot closest to the cpu . 
  look at used amd hd6850 / 6870 . 
  they are very cheap and should be plenty fast for you . 
  i do n't vote for leftists :-) does n't mean that i ca n't commend someone for doing something good . 
  i thought we are past racism ? 
  why should color of skin matter ? 
  by much more blacks , latinos and asians than who voted for romney for years ago . 
  by the same ones who voted obama four years ago . 
  do you have any actual factual proof that donald trump is racist ? 
  because that is not how it works . 
  you do n't say someone is xxx without any proof and then he must disprove he is not . 
  that is just silly . 
  there is a thing in liberal society called presumption of innocence . 
  this is retarded ... 
  so you make a feature to not be bound by the slow jedec standards which take years ... you market the fuck out of that feature and promote using it and then you tell users who used it and their cpu died ( which likely had zero to do with it ) that they broke their cpu ... 
  shame on you intel . 
  4690k is a midrange cpu . 
  being poor doesnt mean you have to buy fucking celeron . 
  saving up is a thing . 
  this is the same fucking thing the progressive left have done to the defenition of racism ... 
  ... . literally women that were in coma gave childbirth ... 
  so difficult you do n't even have to do anything . 
  technical people buy hardware . 
  technical people do n't really give a shit about other people stories . 
  while its nice i do n't care . 
  3.57 ... damn are we gon na build cannons to take down walls now ? 
  :d i hope so, 
  competition is stealing my profits by selling similar product cheaper . 
  lol cry me a river . 
  `` most of the keys is from fake credit card . '', 
  suuuuuuuure, 
  i do n't think zen cores will sell for this cheap . 
  atleast initially , when raven ridge comes later i could see that . 
  just because you have a right to free speech doesnt mean i have to let you speak on my front porch ... jesus what has this sub become ... 
  i ca n't really see any significant positives for either the us or greece if this happens . 
  if you though that more regulation and legislation will bring you faster internet speeds ... please do not breed . 
  a ) they would be throwing half of their cpu die to acomplish it . 
  b ) globalfoundries manufacturing process is likely not able to push the clockspeeds that much . 
  c ) it could happen later when they release their apu . 
  why ? 
  they look pretty accurate to me, 
   google 's only motive is to promote your use of the site . 
  i would propably even believe that if silicon valley wasnt full of leftists ... 
  is what he is saying factually incorect ? 
  i 'd argue not . 
  not just women are wasting their time by attending college - but it is indeed thruth that a lot less women than men go to study in a field that is actually useful . 
  keep thinking that . 
  ** disproportionally ** more women than men go in to useless fields of study . 
  ... yeah its better to have gary `` bake that nazicake you jew ! '', 
  you realise that the school system is absolutely totally stacked against men ? 
  the very fabric of how education is done is woman focused . 
  do you realize that those statistics do not apply to those who are not looking for a job ? 
  shit ca n't get a proper job - fuck it i am just gon na marry to a man who will take care for me and make some children . 
  boom suddenly not unemployed . 
  since sweden now prioritises to remove snow from bike paths instead of roads because apparantly more women use bikes than men and it therefore would be sexist or some shit like that ... 
  i assume that men are castrated there at birth and schools are led be feminist witches with 20 cats . 
  in other words its propably a lot worse in sweden . 
  its proven that the older the mother is the more chances there are that the child will be physically/mentally ill . 
  ... reality is opressing me ? 
  ... who gets the money though ? 
  why should the fucking government take the money and not people/companies that were affected ? 
  yeah right because in us there is no feminism and no `` liberals '' ... 
  you know where in the world we laugh at these idiots though ? 
  where everybody ridicules the `` new left '' ? 
  slavic post-communist countries . 
  sure you ca n't :-) we even have some perks ... no sbr regulations :p ( atleast where i live - you can guess based on the picture ), 
  ok now seriously . 
  i live in czech republic - which is quite unique in this aspect , its one of the few countries in europe with sane gun regulation ( alongside schwitzerland and maybe austria ) . 
  you need to be 18/21 + ( doesnt have to be citizen , just legal residence ) without any criminal record and pass an exam ( safe handling , knowledge of the law and such ) - you could propably compare it to having a ccw permit in the us .
