   leazy landlords who do n't care and rent out homes next to factories ? 
  well those arent the problem are they since whoever is renting is renting on voluntary terms . . 
   or companies with enough money to pay off the people building homes or the landlords ? 
  well this is actually what everyone wants ... you damaged my property with pollution so pay for it . 
   and someone producing vast amounts on co2 out in an industrial area far away from people 's livelihood may not be affecting them immediately but they are contributing massively to global warming , how would that be solved ? 
  well nobody said that they have to affect them `` immedietely '' for it to be a problem . 
  you should still be able to sue for damages . 
  ( but first you got to show and prove the damages ) . 
   through boycott would n't work as people tend to but whatever is cheap no matter what human rights are violated . 
  well if in poor society people tend not to care so much about pollution or other people ... but i bet if people had like 50 % more disposable income they would pay a lot more attention to what they buy instead of buying the cheapest shit . 
  i feel like that mode is pretty much implemented ... just try standing and looking at a police officer in gta v ... you get your ass shot for looking . . 
  ok so how do you propose that can be made ? 
  if those people self-classify as ancaps then what are you gon na do tell them they are not `` true '' ancaps ? 
  to be honest i do n't really care i am for building bridges essentially with everyone whose goal is shrinking / getting rid of government . 
  i am for holding hands with radical leftist for legalization of drugs the same as i am for holding hands with neoconfederates for the case of seccession ... even if i do n't agree with majority of what those people think it doesnt mean we ca n't come together for things we agree on . 
  afterall in anarchocapitalist society those people can live in their own little racist town or socialist communes and coexist with everybody else . 
  i would n't do bussiness with them but who am i to tell them what to think . 
  i call bs ... sorry but one does n't really became ancap from reading comments on a forum . 
  and i certainly do n't agree that we should censor discussion ( apart from obvious trolls ) so some idiot ca n't do a bad pr by providing a quote without context ... 
  which they could easily do anyway even without neoreactionaries `` look those wackos are for getting rid of healthcare and schools '' - add random quote ... 
  well imo the 285 will get rebranded anyway so you wo n't lose anything - its the newest chip amd has . 
  they will propably rerelease it along side full tonga ( 285 is cut down version ) which now is only in macs . 
  in my case everything is flipped :p :-), 
  also broke the 5ghz barrier, 
  i think it has to do a little bit with their culture too . 
  since i live in czech republic and we have a sizable vietnamese minority ( to the point where nguyen is one of the most often used surnames in the country ) . 
  and i have to say there are propable the most enterprenual people living here - very large amount of little shops , bistros and so on are owned by vietnamese :-), 
  i think they already sell 4gb 285, 
  nope but i am not really a fan of cop shows so i do n't think i would enjoy that . 
  how do you deal with people that have high needs but do n't contribute at all to others ? 
  sure thats nice but what about those poeple that just want to mooch and not do anything but reap all the rewards ... surely if everybody got everythign without any contribution at all that wouldnt be very motivational for the people doing all the work would it ? 
  thanks for the suggestion this actually looks great and i will definitely check it out . 
  i am watching this one :-) and i love it . 
  well you can call those people however you want . 
  but how can you deal with such people . 
  because there definitely are lazy people that will do the pure minimum and want all the rewards :-), 
  i 'd go the apu route - the difference will be small and you save some money now and after few monts you can upgrade to some proper dgpu ( and overclock your 7650k to match 860k ) . 
  those lowend dgpus are really bad value :-), 
  i 'd have to disagree i was upgrading overclocked pii @ 3.7 ghz to 8350 and even in games that do n't utilize all the cores the 8350 is still better . 
  and even more important steamroller offers + -10 -15 % more ipc than piledriver so 860k should be considerably better . 
  ( cinebench is skewed towards fpu while in real world scenario fpu is not that important . ), 
  the 860k steamroller is a more of a quad core cpu than fx piledriver ( they added more units in steamroller ) . 
  thats why it has 10-15 % multithreaded ipc . 
  well still you are comparing a used cpu ( silicone degradation :-( ) to a new one so its not exactly a fair comparison . 
  the reason i upgraded was simple ... 
  i couldnt run wolf : nwo at 60fps so i needed to upgrade and i found out that my old 2010ish am3 board supports fx with beta bios . 
  so i essentially had a choice between fx8350 or an i5 + mobo which was like twice the price . 
  the fx can catch up with the i5 if it uses all the cores so i got that . 
  i agree with you that if you have a slim budget then going used is good idea ( after all i bought my 7970ghz edition used for like 60 % of what a new 280x costed at the time :-p hooray !, 
  the silicon degradation part wasnt that much about risk . 
  it was about overclocking . 
  if you are buying a cpu that was used for 5years it will likely require a little bit higher voltage now and wo n't overclock nearly as much as a new chip . 
  i simply disagreed with the part that p ii is performance wise comparable to 860k . 
  bulldozer definitely is . 
  piledriver maybe ( that is debatable ) . 
  but steamroller is considerably better . 
  even if compared to higher mid-end pii like 965 ) . 
  and not to mention that fm2 + boards are cheaper and more featured than a am3 + boards ( unless you buy used old am3/am2 + ), 
  btw : if you are not gon na upgrade for a while consider getting fast ram + motherboard that supports it ( 2133/2400 mhz is only litle bit more expensive than good 1600 anyway ) . 
  the igpu on apus is memory limited . 
  so faster memory means more performance . 
  i just recently build a8 7650k +2 x4gb 2400mhz rig for friends litle brother and it is great value ( can play all the most popular games - lol dota2 cs : go without any problems + if you lower graphics to low/med you can achieve 30fps on new titles aswell ), 
  edit : this is the build if you are interested http://www.reddit.com/r/amd/comments/32yyf9/ive_seen_the_future_its_fusion_a8_7650k_first/, 
  i 'd buy a bigger drive ( atleast 2tb ) since they are better price per gb . 
  3tb are currently the best price per gb drives . 
  unless of course you did n't really use it much :-) ( games are getting huge right now ... ), 
  no not really . 
  but i do n't think human nature can change too much . 
  but i infact do agree that in your ideas can work small societies ( same as hunter gatherer ) where everybody knows everyone and there is huge amount of social pressure . 
  if it can work in huge cities where nobody really knows anybody thats hard to say ... we do n't have much evidence for that . 
  i do n't think that `` being depressed '' is the only possible reason of not contributing to society ... we have plenty of examples today of people just mooching of the social safety net never working in their entire lives , consuming benefits and stealing . 
  and those people certainly arent depressed they are actually quite enjoying their lives . 
  but otherwise yes i do agree with your point . 
  i do definitely agree wholeheartedly . 
  the state is a huge problem and a leech on a society . 
  i never said i am fine with the corporatist system we have now . 
  the government and big corporations are full of moochers taking subsidies and being dependant on the taxpayers tit . 
  i classify as anarcho-capitalist . 
  i am for anarchism and for property rights . 
  anyway i still think there is no need to get defensive afterall `` socialist '' ( or how you want to call it ) and `` capitalist '' communities can peacefully cooperate in anarchism . 
  the state is the problem . 
  well maybe thats why barbarians actually conquered the roman empire :-), 
  anyway freedom by itself imho is n't everything thats needed . 
  you need ideas . 
  and for europe those ideas were lutheranism and calvinism - they were the first who said that you can serve god by hard work and thanks to that the `` bourgeoasie '' became revered and capitalism was kinda born . 
  the barbarians ussually believed into serving their gods by battle and dieing a glorious death . 
  honestly i dont think you will gain too much by only upgrading your gpu ... the cpu would propably bottleneck it anyway . 
  you 've got quite balanced build right now . 
  sadly your only real option would propably be to switch to intel and get an i5 . 
  and then buy new gpu . 
  awww yiss ... . 
  i 'd like some of them zen cores please :d, 
  and lets not forget that steamroller is 15 % higher ipc than piledriver and carrizo is another 10 % ( allegedly we dont have the silicon yet ) ... so that comes to a total of 77,1 % ( 1,15 * 1,1 * 1,4 = 1,771 ) better ipc than current fx line ( piledriver ) ... nice . 
  lets just hope they can manage to keep the clocks high, 
  well i compared passmark ( which is not the best benchmark but atleast is readily avaliable ) i5-2500 to steamroller 860k . 
  normalized the clock speed ( divided the steamroller score ) and the result was that sandy was 24 % better ipc then steamroller . 
  if i then conservatively counted excavater being 7 % higher ipc then steamroller it resulted in sandy being 16 % higher ipc then excavator . 
  so theoretically zen should have +24 % ipc than sandy . 
  the question though is how high of a clocks can they attain ( and also how much gain will there be with smt - i.e. 
  4c/8t zen agains 4c/4t i5 ) .
