  in that contract there is fair user policy . 
  you are not paying for guaranteed symmetric bussiness connection . 
  you are paying for regular home user residential connection with obvious restrictions . 
  the only reason why residential connections are so damn cheap yet fast is that 99 % of people do not use almost any bandwidth . 
  in other words all the other people subsidise cheap-ass powerusers like you . 
  comcast doesnt think that is fair so they are doing something about it . 
  if you do n't like it then get fucked - you are delusional if you think that they are making any money on you . 
  you are propably a net loss to them . 
  who am i to tell you that ? 
  i work as a senior-networking technician for an smallish isp in europe . 
  i have years of experience in the sector and know every struggle the isp has to do . 
  well maybe then you guys should n't have voted for people that give subsidies . 
  us telecomunications market is a big mess and you have your government to thank for that . 
  i can only speak for the company i work for - we built all of our infrastructure from scratch ( as happened in many places in europe - especially former east-bloc countries ) . 
  slowly town by town . 
  we laid fibre during road repairs , built wireless towers and all that . 
  ground infrastructure is expensive as fuck to build . 
  and that is mainly due to permits and regulations . 
  this is propably even worse in the us . 
  the reason why many developing countries have better infrastructure than the us is simply because , there are ways to go around those regulations . 
  in this case corruption is good :-), 
  and sure competition is a great thing which improves the service and makes companies work harder . 
  you know what hurts competition ? 
  huge costs to enter the market . 
  you know what makes those costs so huge ? 
  the government with regulations . 
  the biggest joke about this is that women tend to be a lot more emotional - i.e. 
  acting out like children . 
  wow what time are we living when you have o put a disclaimer in every fucking joke as to not to offend people ... 
  i would have different plan to reintegrate returning isis fighters . 
  it would n't include free driving licenses . 
  it would include free helicopter rides . 
  i do n't know how old you are but i remember the times when developers did provide demos . 
  every pc gaming magazine had couple of cds ( yes cds ... those were the days ) full of demos . 
  and let me tell - pirating was a thing - and the only reason why it wasnt a bigger thing is because the internet speed was lot slower and not many people had unlimited connections . 
  honestly thanks to youtube/twitch and so on the need for demos is a lot less than it was back then . 
  i can get a pretty damn good idea about a game from watching a good video review or watching some gameplay with comentarry . 
  i never said demos are a bad thing . 
  i like demos . 
  i just do n't agree that if developers put out demos then suddenly there would n't be piracy . 
  quite honestly i find this `` i pirate and then i buy '' argument as a nice lie people tell themselves to feel better about pirating - nothing else . 
  as for making demos - i imagine its quite hard and you have couple of options . 
  you either make totally new content specially for demo - which is costly and honestly you could rather put a new level in or expand the story in the original game . 
  or you just pick some content out of the game and make demo out of it . 
  problems with that aproach are that usually you have to be very picky as to which passages you pick - you want to show your game in the best light - but you ca n't give spoilers . 
  and if somebody plays the demo and then proceeds to play the game to later replay the same chapters he will feel like he did n't get his moneys worth as he already played those chapters for free . 
  german layout, 
  if you live in a family where lot of people use the shared drive it makes sense to get a dedicated machine that is always on for that . 
  otherwise you can do it just like you said - and you dont even have to manually turn on your pc you can use wol . 
  hard to say that to eastern european nato members when you have russian soldiers on the ground invading neighboring countries . 
  ( overall i am happy with trump victory , even though i would propably not vote for him ( neighter for that johnson due to that clown bill weld ) , i just hope that european countries get to their senses and actually stop breaking nato treaties and stop relying on us for their defense . ), 
  / r/libertarian is propably the bill weld - `` we love hillary and hate guns , type of people ... '' ... what a shame first they stole the name liberal and now the leftists are stealing libertarian . 
  we should stop calling those people liberals - they are not at all liberal and now they even stopped calling themselves that - they call them selves `` progressives '' or `` democratic socialist '' . 
  maybe in few decades the word liberal will actually mean what it fucking stands for - i.e. 
  person in favor of liberty . 
   its not about ukraine - its about poland , latvia , lithuania and estonia . 
  those countries are nato members ( and poland is a very significant one ) and all of those countries have terrible history with russia - so you can bet your ass it makes them nervous if country right next to them gets invaded . 
  i 'd like to know how many libertarians actually did not vote for lp due to this clown . 
  i sure as hell would n't . 
  wait `` diffused in taiwan '' ... those chips are made by tsmc ? 
  so did amd actually port both polaris and jaguar to 16nm ... ? 
  wow this is how economics work ... hmm we do n't have enough bread what is the solution ... hmm yes i know lets take a peace of paper and write on it that it is now illegal to sell bread for more than x $ . 
  that will magically make the bread cheaper :-) :-), 
  i work as senior networking specialist for smallish isp in europe . 
  i think i have better understanding on how the internet works than 90 % of people living on this planet . 
  its not about not enough data - its about not enough bandwidth . 
  if we have a link between point a and point b there is sure as hell a diference if we have a customer base that is limited on side ( either by speed limits or data caps - as both impact behavior and overall lower the usage of bandwidth ) . 
  and yes it cost more money to have userbase without limits as few heavy users will suck up lot more of the bandwidth forcing the isp to spend more money to upgrade the infrastructure ( not to mention that in certain scenarios that is not possible - ever heard of wireless links - you ca n't just magically make more wireless spectrum free ), 
  if you limit the amount of data that is transfered you impact customer behavior , which results overall in less datarate being used . 
  it is just a question of what is better service - would you like to have 1gbit/s connection with data caps , than 10mbit/s without ? 
  the end result might look the same if you average the usage . 
  i think vast majority of users will rather choose the first one . 
  did switzerland ban data caps ? 
  everything is illegal in the uk . 
  set up some queues . 
  just basic networking 101 . 
  what do you mean by massively over-subscribed ? 
  just because it says `` up to 100mb/s '' on your plan doesnt mean that speed is solely dedicated to you . 
  nato is alliance of mutual defence - if one country gets attacked , nato will fight . 
  i am not sayng nato is great or anything - but us has some obligations that were made in those treaties . 
  if you want to leave nato - feel free - other nations will beef up their militaries accordingly ( or like you know without us always meddling in other people shit maybe nato without us would be even safer . ), 
  + -20 milion of americans have polish heritage - i think they would care . 
  why you think china is threat and russia isnt ? 
  `` the policy states that sidewalks , public transport and bicycle lanes should be cleared before turning attention to the roads . 
  the reason is that women are more likely to use sidewalks while men are overrepresented among commuters driving to work . '', 
  how the fuck is it neutral if it clears areas where women go more first ... wouldnt neutral be like that you are clearing everything at once and not prioritizing ? 
  ( which would be stupid aswell ), 
  at this pace soon we get to the point , where the creation of `` islamic state of sweden '' could only be seen as an improvement . 
  `` as it turns out ( and really this is not an issue specific only to amd ) '' ... then why you put amd in the title ? 
  ps4 pro soc is made at tsmc though ... ( atleast according of the pictures i saw - could be the case that its double sourced . ), 
  wow this certainly seems interesting - does it also support windows isos ? 
  do you need root for this ? 
  apparantly not stealing away your paycheck through taxes is now considered a giveaway . 
  top kek . 
  jaguar was made in blocks of 4 - yet they sold harvested 2 core parts . 
  but well its a new uarch so we do n't know . 
  jaguar was made in module of 4 ... yet 2core harvested dies were sold . 
  the proper term is `` fake news '' have n't you heard ? 
  :d :d top kek, 
  for gaming i 'd rather have the 880k ...
