  caffeine is a stimulant drug , which means it speeds up the messages travelling between the brain and the body . 
  there is no question about it . 
  its kinda silly to have redbull sponsor the shit out of you and then turn around and say that performance enhancing drugs are bad . 
  the only difference is that society is okay with one and not okay with the other ... 
  this whole `` doping '' witch hunt is imho stupid . 
  golf players value eye sight and some of them are naturally short sighted or have just regular not 20/20 eye sight . 
  a sizable portion then turns to lasik surgery to have perfect eye sight - which is perfectly okay . 
  yet what is the difference between doing that and lets say hockey player who is naturally small using some performance enhancing drugs to grow more to overcome his defficiencies . 
  and do n't say lasik doesnt have negative effects , cause it does . 
  i actually love his style . 
  he says what he thinks no sugarcoating no bullshit and is funny as hell . 
  why did you bring out soda though ... soda doesnt have any performance enhancing characteristics ... coffee , cigarettes and energy drinks do though :-), 
  yeah its good idea to always read changelogs ... no sense upgrading over some function you dont use :-), 
  if you upgrade on ups you should just fine though . 
  no risk basically . 
  i guess its safe to say that since my mobo didnt even have win8 .1 drivers its not gon na get any bios updates for win 10 :-) :-) :-), 
  manufacturer website, 
  what do you expect :-) its an old midrange motherboard - they do n't get much support . 
  my m4a89gtd doesnt even have win 8.1 drivers ... ( but atleast it got bios update to support fx cpus ( originally only am3 board ) so i am not complaining :p ), 
  uninterruptible power supply, 
  depends on the player . 
  you can have an eagle with really good aim but absolutely shit game-sense , zero economy understanding and zero teamwork or a player with mediocre aim who is playing smart , gets the easy kills and helps the team that way . 
  bear in mind this is not fiber - this is wireless . 
  i 've built my own ptp 802.11 n link with nstreme ( mikrotik proprietary protocol ) . 
  i guess working for isp has its benefits :p :p, 
  agreed on both points . 
  one time we had 5man lobby ( all middle europeans ) and volvo picked american server so we got to play competitive against americans ... we all had 150-200ms ping ... and we still played pretty damn good game losing closely like 13:16 ... 
  if we had normal ping we would have destroyd them . 
  we made fun that volvo has a algorythm that when it cant find enough similarly skilled americans it will just take europeans of same rank ( much better skill though ) and put them on na server so the skill and latency balances out :d, 
  i miss buying ammo aswell ... and you forgot spraylogos :d, 
  i miss spraylogos , buying ammo and flashlights . 
  i think betting and skins are great for the game - briliant monetization scheme that makes the whole esport scene grow . 
  what is more interesting to me is mobile apu with hbm :-) but that will be rather long wait . 
  ok so eli5 : why would netflix and any world wide bussines even fucking care and implement this ? 
  its not like their servers are in chicago ... what can chicago do ? 
  stop people in chicago from accessing that site ? 
  how ? 
  well just look at / r/vac _ porn - people get banned on accounts with 1000 $ inventories ... most people cheaters are not dedicated cheat accounts . 
  getting ssd would make that thing fly , though i understand budget constraints so maybe thing about it as an upgrade l\u016fater on :-), 
  i liked chinatown wars aswell ... rockstar really outdid themselves considering the meager hw on the ds . 
  wish they would take some ideas out of that game and put it in a big gta ( such as the drug buying ), 
  mafia isnt an fps . 
  ( fps = first person shooter ) . 
  mafia is thirdperson . 
  wolf no was easily the best story in a game i played in a long time :-) it even made me cry at the end, 
  there were two games which i was hyped about recently - wolfenstein tno and gta v. both delivered . 
  now i am hyped for doom and fallout4 . 
  so lets see :-), 
  you could have propably straightened the pins with some credit card or stuff like that :-), 
  ok i guess i really liked the resistance against oppressive government part :-), 
  i guess it also helps that there isnt very good competition - stories in videogames are ussually pretty crap . 
  only other really good videogame story ( movie-worthy ) i can remember is mafia 1 . 
  played it , didnt like it . 
  razor deathadder, 
  well the gameplay was imo not great so i played the game only in small doses ( i.e. 
  i wasnt wanting more and more - instead it got boring after while ) . 
  and when playing in small doses you forget the story ( or only remember a little bit ) - so it seems confusing . 
  and the ending was spoiled for me so it wasnt shocking . 
  rpgs are kinda different . 
  its kinda like a movie vs a tv series . 
  in rpgs its mostly the world that does the story telling and you 'd be hard pressed to condense it into a movie . 
  does n't mean its not great - they ussually are . 
  if zen / arctic islands is a succes i think amd is safe and would worry more about nvidia - long term dedicated gpus are dead for mainstream gaming usage - igpus and apus get better and better . 
  and i worry it is not proffitable to design entire new architectures just for the high end . 
  selling one division is death sentence . 
  if the sell cpu , they will be facing the same long term prospects as nvidia - i.e. 
  intel slowly destroying your bread and butter market with their improving igpus every generation . 
  and its not profitable to only design architectures and chips for highend gamers . 
  if they sell gpu - their cpus will become niche - server chips and gamers chips ( everybody else needs igpu ) . 
  and if they arch . 
  is behind intel it will become only budget gamers chips ( for self builders ) = super niche = deathsentence . 
  they need both . 
  as their old logo said `` future is fusion '' . 
  longterm amd is on good road and they need to stay on that . 
  its the short term that we worry about . 
  what amd can do and imho should do now :, 
  - design a refference laptop so we can actually get their nice chips in a good laptop and not some shitty 15 '' 768p craptop with apu two gen old that you find on the shelf now . 
  cause oems are not doing it . 
  carrizo is a very competitive product . 
  nvidia 700-900 was mostly architectural changes - they traded compute capabilities and double precission for better gaming performance . 
   because cpu 's are on a much smaller process node . 
  not really correct me if i am wrong but tsmc/gf 28nm has similar density as intel 22nm . 
  of course the intel process has better characteristics but its not much smaller . 
  unless you have less then 3gb of ram . 
  especially on old machines with 2gb of ram 32bit version is much better . 
  64bit uses bit more ram ( it has to do with longer adresses - more bits ), 
  officially no . 
  but you can try - it will promt you to call microsoft and you should be okay . 
  wifi almost always is ... unless its bios locked which i hate with passion . 
  its 14 '' screen so the res is not that horrible . 
  it has better pixel density than the regular old 24 '' full hd that many people use ( 92 vs 112 ppi ) - granted you propably sit closer to the screen . 
  but its not bad imo - atleast the games will run great and will look better due to native res . 
  you just need to find your key . 
  and then download install cd of the same version you have . 
  i live in czech republic and there is very significant vietnamese minority living here . 
  and they are one of the most hard-working enterprenuer people i have seen . 
  i hope they get rid of that scum that is governing in their country ... 
  in the 90s it was all about clothing . 
  but now they ussually run small grocery shops ( with long opening hours ) and asian restaurants . 
  tldr : s1mple = the same old angry russian kid you know from mm ... but talented as fuck :d,
