  hard coded in the router ( which is not hard at all as most routers support vpn client ) . 
  well the pro teams do n't have to attend every silly little tournament ... 
  well you know calling stuff `` one '' is popular nowadays :d xbox one , onedrive ... 
  well companies that host those dedicated servers have ussualy access to enough public ip adresses from their provider so they should have no problem of giving you another one for a fee . 
  the blocked traffic is so everything from the player leaves through the vpn . 
  its just added security so the user himself doesnt fuck up and people do n't get to his ip easily . 
  the traffic would have to be blocked on isp central router for this to prottect from ddos if the ip is leaked . 
  the reason is to keep it simply stupid . 
  the player himself would have no control of what traffic is going through the vpn ... 
  because having to take active measures ( i.e. 
  manualy activate vpn deactivate vpn ) is not 100 % secure it rellies on the player keeping his guard all the time and not doing stupid sh-t :-), 
  i simply believe that in the long run taking all this from the hands of the player will be more secure and keep you from having to negotiate another and another ip changes for one player who forgot to put on his vpn . 
  . . , . . well the truth is that swat teams ussually shoot dogs and it happened multiple times that they caused severe burns on a babys face with flashgrenade and such ... 
  they bunch of numbnuts ... i.e. 
  ask yourself who wants to do a job where you regularly break into peoples homes and intimidate / shoot them ... 
  yes they could theoretically have a manufacturing process better suited for their products but the price would be really really really big and do n't forget they have the contracts with gf to take a lot of their chips ... 
  fringe case scenario . 
  most isp in europe dont have dhcp server for their public ips you will most likely either get the same ip ( if they have static leases ) or get another private ip that will be nated ( 192.168 . x.x / 10 . x.x.x ) . 
  this will acomplish nothing unless you have one of the few isps that have pool of public ips that is dynamically assigned to different people - and due to ipv4 shortage there is not a lot of those isps . 
  if by most parts of the world you mean us . 
  then maybe yes . 
  in other parts of the world where there isnt enough public ip adresses no . 
  just no . 
  you may get other private ipv4 ( 192.168 . x.x / 10 . x.x.x ) . 
  the part with router blocking everything except vpn is for security so players true ip cant leak as easily . 
  such a bs ... . average fps doesnt mean anything ... 
  read my other reaction on this exact point . 
  well no the whole issue about what people were complaining wasnt average fps but stutering ... and nvidia/gigabyte responds with `` look on average its ok '' ... simply just to piss of people who understand the issue, 
  i love mirage :-) i hated being forced to play competitive cobble and overpass though . 
  i got meself 20eur worth deagle :-p, 
  if you are only using one channel then you aswell can be using 802.11 n which is cheaper :-), 
  you propably misunderstand me . 
  one ssid can broadcast on more than one channel ( one channel means 20mhz wide ) . 
  802.11 can broadcast on 40mhz wide ( = = 2channels ) . 
  where as 802.11 ac can use even wider band . 
  how do you know your adapter only connects to one ? 
  could you make profit by selling it and getting more of what you already have ? 
  if yes then by all means do that . 
  if not then just run them both , 
  ... teammate losing full buy of gear means he will have to spend a lot more and your team will have to eco sooner - what a way to win games lol lol lol, 
  get your computer sorted out . 
  reinstall the os / get ssd . 
  there is no reason why other people should be penalized for you not taking care of your computer and you not . 
  lol mate something is seriously wrong with your app ... 
  i just randomly typed titan vs ldlc ( you dont have nv there yet ) ... and your site predicted 1.3 % win for titan ... like seriously ? 
  if kennys was playing alone he would have higher chance to beat them than 1 % :d, 
  i r8 8/8 !, 
  `` long dong silvers has money confirmed . '', 
  ... iluminati confirmed !, 
  well i do n't see it as a flaw - if you lost your team few rounds cause you werent there you should be penalized no matter the reason . 
  this is not charity and shit . 
  we are talking objective facts . 
  yes i play like that a lot when playing on community servers :-) its a lot of fun . 
  nv is envyus isnt it ? 
  navi is natus vincere, 
  if it fits ... :d, 
  i actually like the new train ... though the old one was great aswell . 
  cbble i never really liked both old and new . 
  why the 750 ? 
  microsoft wheel mouse optical or zowie or razer deathadder, 
  monkey island ... shame on you for not knowing your history !!!, 
  :d :d ( just kidding ), 
  seriously anyone who is defending this bs is nothing else than a blind stupid fanboy !, 
  the cooling adequacy is just stupid excuse . 
  i can easily use thermal pad with bunch of fans to provide extra cooling or better yet when the outershell / screen breaks i can take out the notebook motherboard out and provide all the cooling i need . 
  would you also protect disabling overclocking in oem systems because they might not provide adequate cooling aswell ?!? 
  is it just me or do you also feel that everytime nvidia does some bullshit to screw over their customers - there is always army of people who need to justify their purchase so they blindly defend it ? 
  ... or are you just astroturfers ? 
  why not ? 
  it depends on the laptop and you can always use cooling pad with bunch of fans . 
  i ussualy just `` pettition with my wallet '' . 
  if you do n't want my money then i gladly give them to somebody who caters to enthusiasts ... 
  * blind fans, 
  you have misconception about what overclocking is . 
  not every chip is created equal and they are binned accordingly - if the chip fails to act like the best one its binned down - it can still manage to perform 90 % of the best chip but it will be binned down for uniformity . 
  so you can almost always slightly undervolt or overclock your chip so it will perform to its best capabilities at no disadvantage . 
  people have misconception about what overclocking is - were are not talking about balls to the walls overclocking ... 
  not every chip is created equal and they are binned accordingly - if the chip fails to act like the best one its binned down - it can still manage to perform 90 % of the best chip but it will be binned down for uniformity . 
  so you can almost always slightly undervolt or overclock your chip so it will perform to its best capabilities at no disadvantage . 
  i recently replayed 1,2,3 :-) great games ... 
  i would like to see telltale do a sequel to their tales of monkey island :-), 
  maybe you dont overclock laptops ... 
  but i do . 
  how can they decide that ? 
  only csgl can decide what matches it will allow betting on ... 
  its like if lets say the uefa decided you ca n't bet on their games - they have no power over betting companies ... there wouldnt be any way to enforce it . 
  agreed . 
  like thorin said about existence ( igl of titan ) - the players he has never performed better in a different team . 
  he is the best igl for a reason . 
  it would be like hellraisers all over again - you simply cant have 5 star players ... 
  point and click adventures :-), 
  oh yes one proper c&c sequel ( or reboot when they killed it with that abomination 4 :-( ), 
  yes proper c&c sequel or reboot and new aoe ( preferably in greek/roman era :-) ), 
  :d nah just kidding :d, 
  wii has homebrew emulators for every major console :-), 
  + it can play gamecube and wii games :-), 
  xfx is a good brand with lifetime warranty - it might be a bit noisier and not so cool with that cooler ( not sure ) but i wouldnt worry about it in the slightest, 
  well right now it is 20 $ on amazon.com which is great price but sadly i do n't live in us :-(, 
  use 3pin header and control it throug voltage, 
  hahaha i have to laugh at all those nvidiots - blind fanboys or payed posters in those comments ... lol lol nv must be really scared :-),
