  hawai wasnt the only new chip with others dating to 2011 ... that is simply just lie . 
  tonga is 2014 chip bonaire is 2013 chip ... 
  since 2013 amd released 3new gpus ... basically the same number as nvidia ( small maxwell , medium maxwell and big maxwell ) . 
   the problem with carrizzo is that it still pales in comparison to even several generations old intel parts . 
  we do n't have any bechmarks yet , but from amd slides it looks to be competitive . 
  i have only seen rumored benchmarks correct me if i am wrong but as far as i know carrizo laptops are not sold yet . 
  oh you are right i got it wrong . 
  anyway still there are 3 new gpus in the 2xx series which is not bad . 
  of course it was a joke and it was funny joke - i laughed about it :-) it is totally spot on ... its getting ridicilous seeing smartphones with so many cores . 
  but i still think that amd launching new cpu architecture is more important news than that . 
  few by homm definition means 1-4 ... 
  screwed by their government . 
  i have a good news for you if you are ever planning to upgrade your cpu . 
  this motherboard ( i have the same one ) supports fx cpus with beta bios . 
  i am running fx8350 in this board ( since its beta support i had to fiddle manually with the voltages but i am now stable at 4.3 ghz on all 8 cores ) . 
  sadly higher o.c. 
  wasnt atainable either due to the board or my psu - everything higher simply throttled and it wasnt caused by temps . 
  if you want more info you can send me a pm and ill send you my config . 
  i used to run phenom ii x4 @ 3.7 ghz and i am now happy with the fx - it was noticable bump in speed and has twice the cores + runs much cooler . 
  this is my setup for fx8350 on that motherboard - running the latest beta bios . 
  i definitely noticed big improvement in handbrake as for gaming i saw some marginal improvement nothing huge but since i sold my phenom for basically half the price of the new fx and didnt need a new mobo it was cheap upgrade anyway . 
  what i noticed the most was that the fx runs much cooler and more quiet than my overclocked phenom - partially because it gets less stressed ( 8cores vs 4 ) and also because the phenom was running on higher voltages . 
  over all i am very happy with the upgrade and hope it will be enough to carry me over to zen . 
  my theory of what will happen - lady mellisandre will bring john snow from the death and escape with the help of wildlings . 
  ... or maybe i just know nothing and they killed another favorite character : ' - (, 
  or maybe she saw in flames that john snow is in danger and thats why she burned shireen and went to castle black ... afterall do you remember that look she gave him next to the fire . 
  for all we know the weather change wasnt even caused by lord of light . 
  and they said several times during the episode : `` only death can pay for life '' . 
  crazy theory : she saw in flames that john snow is in danger and thats why she burned shireen and went to castle black ... afterall do you remember that look she gave him next to the fire . 
  for all we know the weather change wasnt even caused by lord of light . 
  and they said several times during the episode : `` only death can pay for life '' . 
  not sure if / s :d :-), 
  well i bet there are people who would like the freedom to choose that . 
  just because you are force to pay for nhs doesnt mean you have to justify it or that its the best thing since slice bread :-), 
  `` all 300-series cards support vsr downsampling . '', 
  r7 370 is according to rumors rebranded 270 ? 
  right ? 
  so gcn 1.0 ? 
  ... so does this mean that other gcn 1.0 get drivers supporting vsr now ? 
  :-) nice, 
  fury x is releasing next wendesday . 
  lisu su said significantly more powerful than 290x at half tdp and half size . 
  that is pretty damn fucking impressive . 
  she said `` significantly more powerful than 290x '', 
  well theoretically with all the area savings amd should be able to make triple-gpu card right ? 
  now do a `` naughty '' version :d :d, 
  nope but you ca n't sli two different nvidia cards !, 
  :d you need to have either blue ones or black ones :d, 
  we dont really know that or do we ? 
  could aswell be a binned chip with parts of it disabled ? 
  it certainly wont clock as high . 
  if you read the article the card is oc 'd whoooping ... wait for it ... 5 mhz ... yes five megahertz over reference . 
  that is unmeasurable . 
  i mean difference in performance from it . 
  +0.4 % higher core clock will result in like 0.2 % higher fps . 
  so calling the comparison unfair while technicaly true is really stupid . 
  that would be like calling it unfair if one card costed 500 $ and other 499 $ . 
  what does that mean ? 
  serious question - why would nvidia even plaster their name on an unplayable shit game like that :, 
  why dont you just buy a wifi ap / router ? 
  if the psu isnt crap one you can propably reuse it . 
  r9 270 is better deal than 750ti . 
  or if you arent gon na buy gpu at all there is amd a8 7650k which has pretty damn good performance with igpu - can play esports games ( lol , csgo ) without any issues and aaa ussualy on 30fps low settings . 
  `` amd cards run usually hotter than nvidia cards '', 
  if you added `` this gen '' at the end i would agree but its just stupid generalization otherwise . 
  well they are making dual fiji which should take care of that ca n't mount two of them issue, 
  i bought my 7970ghz edition ( = = r9 280x ) . 
  used for like half of the original price and it was still under warranty . 
  everything worked great but after i got second screen the card started artifacting a little ( single screeen was ok ) . 
  i fixed it by underclocking the gpu few % . 
  overall i am very happy with the purchase . 
  its propably racist to say it but are these actually two statues of the same guy ? 
  :d or do they just look the same to me . . 
  150ping ... who plays with that lol . 
  i just assume that the difference on normal ping would be much smaller and the person just wanted to overexagorrate . 
  #bad _ internet_problem, 
  have you seen compute benchmarks ? 
  gcn much better overall arch than maxwell - maxwell sacrificed compute for better power consumption . 
  also gcn is the only arch currently out that supports dx12 tier 3 - which is the part that should improve performance . 
  while maxwell is tapped gcn has more potential to be unlocked . 
  its kinda like with fx cpus ... 
  i still remember people few months ago saying that fx aging better is bunch of bs ... and now just look at benchmarks . 
  more and more games are utilising fx cpus better and better like gta v or witcher 3 ... and dx12 is not even here yet . 
  depends on how built is the psu inside . 
  but you should propably be ok . 
  i would reccomend getting a new psu anyway . 
  what is your cpu ? 
  and remember most things today use the 12v rail ( gpu + cpu + peripherals ) and your psu can deliver 480w on those rails . 
  so if you want to run lets say fx8350 + 390 i 'd say thats unsafe . 
  compare that with a proper quality psu - such as mine seasonic which is 620w total but is able to deliver 576w on 12v . 
  there is also such thing as capacitor aging so depending on the age of that psu it is propably no longer able to deliver the rated specs but few % less . 
  well you said `` while ago '' . 
  so i just assumed you meant few years :-), 
  i think you should be ok but its cutting it pretty close ( cpu and gpu alone would add up to like 380-400w + then you add southbridge , drives and so on and its getting close to that 480w max on 12v ) . 
  if you are running overclock i would temporarily disable it and run everything stock . 
  and gradually save up for new psu . 
  there is lot of misinformation about dx12 support . 
  there is no single gpu now that fully supports dx12 . 
  feature levels and resource-binding tiers are different things . 
  nvidia has support for more feature levels ( calling that 12.1 is very misleading ) and gcn for more resource-binding tiers ( which is the part that affects performance ) .
