  cuda ? 
  physx is proprietary technology . 
  see the difference ? 
  well the problem is that its ussually that nv and amd are fixing the developers mess in the drivers :-) not the other way around . 
  so i have little faith in the devs . 
  fullatx - more space means possibly better vrm cooling and you can also have a bigger distance between gpu and cpu cooller ( if you have big tower air cooler ) . 
  also more likely 4 ram slots which is great for upgradability . 
  matx is great if you are after small cases but i like my fulltower/bigtower cases :-), 
  what is the difference between 1000 people claiming a plot of land for use as a commune and 1000 people claiming each a part of plot of the same size ? 
  and supporting capitalism does n't mean agreeing to current claims private property which was ussualy stolen by state . 
  oh my god stan and peggy < 3 < 3 < 3 yes i wanted that to happen for such a long time :-) :-), 
  i wouldnt get used psu and used hdd/ssd otherwise basically anything used is fine . 
  what about the contra revenue practices ? 
  intel is essentially giving cpus for free for tablets ... that is the main reason why mullins is nowhere even if it is very competitive and maybe even better core . . 
  its not one in a hundred ... vast majority of young european speak english enough to play/call out . 
  its mostly just russians that are the problem because they simply suck as a country a refuse to learn other languages because cyka blyat we had an empire ... 
  by blocking russian servers in firewall i have improved my cs : go experience massively, 
  reagan had a solution :d :d, 
  rash b davaj davaj do n't stop cyka !, 
  it actually exist - there is a list of valve matchmaking servers for certain regions . 
  you simply have to put these ip ranges in your firewall and block them . 
  no more cyka blyad :-) works great . 
  eu east includes poland and other european countries ( + the northern ones ) where majority of players speak decently well . 
  i block only russian servers and it happens only very rarely that i get to play with cykablyad ( wild ukranian ? 
  voucher privatization . 
  famas/fiveseven or ump is much better at those ranges than mp9 . 
  do n't care too much about the rank . 
  remember its there only so you can play fun games against people who are at similar skill level to you . 
  by obsessing yourself about it and raging ( not saying you do it but many people do ... ) you are eliminating the whole purpose and not have fun . 
  tip 2 . get a group of friend to play together . 
  tip 3 . watch pro matches occasionaly - you can pick up a lot of good habits from that . 
  tip 4 . keep track of team economy ... there is so many rounds that you lose just because some idiot buys on save and then doesnt have money next round . . 
  i flashed my 7970 ghz ed . 
  to a newer version of bios since i was experiencing some artifacting when using multiple monitors ( the gpu was bought used for cheap and worked great with single screen ) . 
  bios did n't fix it though , slightly lowering the clocks did . 
  the process was very easy i used a windows app from oem ( gigabyte ) and had zero problems . 
  well i think they will refresh their lineup so everything supports trueaudio/freesync ( i.e. 
  get rid of gcn 1.0 cards ) . 
  maybe except some of the low end cards which dont make sense anyway . 
  for that to be true they would only really need to release 390 ( 390x ) flagship and a replacement for 270 ( 360 ) other cards in the lineup are just fine ( tonga would be 370x/370 - finally release the full card which was going only into macs , hawai would be 380x/380 and bonaire would be 350x/350 ) . 
  upgrading bios on a modern board is easiest thing ever ... compared to the classic way of booting dos/win9x/me recovery floppy and flashing it through the cli . 
  full tower cases for life ... its huge , roomy and the airflow is awesome . 
  paying too much for mobo/case/cooling and little for the parts that actually affect performance ... . i.e. 
  the typical watercooled pentium/860k build :-), 
  `` without the quality control . '', 
  you mean like for example ebay ? 
  ever heard of reviews and rating ? 
  this . 
  yeah well thats what valve and bethesda decided to do - give them consent to use the ip ... and people freaked out ... 
  that 's up to the parents ... underage should n't even play csgo, 
  give them their own country so they let us be ... ah wait ... that didnt work out very well . . 
  polish people do n't say `` cyka blyat '' ... :-), 
  likely not more quiet than with highend aircooler due to the pump noise . 
  4 slots doesnt mean quad-channel the memory still runs in dual channel so you get zero performance benefit . 
  if fm2 + supported quad channel there would be some nice performance boost however it would raise the cost of a platform too much so it wouldnt make sense . 
  its not a requirement - but hybrid crossfire is n't all that great since you can only crossfire lowend cards and you are better off just buying 860k + r7 250 than 7850k + r7 240 . 
  i wouldnt really reccomend it . 
  currently the best deal is imho the a8 7650k - if you get some nice 2400mhz ram ( its cheap enough ) . 
  it has enough power to drive modern games ( at low settings 30fps ) . 
  but for the money you can hardly get anything better and its a great stepping stone . 
  and its much better overall chip for productivity than the similarly priced i3 . 
  ( very similar multithreadd x86 perf . 
  but smokes the i3 in everything that uses gpgpu + the potential to get better with hsa ) . 
  it allows you to play new games at the lowest possible budget . 
  + it has low power consumption so you can just upgrade old machine without caring too much about the psu . 
  ( i.e. 
  you throw that p4 era mobo out and just get a new mobo + apu ) . 
  its not a great experience but it allows you to step into the pc ecosystem get older games almost for free with steamsales and so on . 
  i 'd say yes . 
  for workstation purposes you do n't even have to get good ram ( just some regular 1600mhz ) . 
  you can also run it at lower tdp with the ctdp function so you have less heat/p . consumption . 
  i 've built a pc for a friends little brother using this chip and i was pretty damn impressed for what it can do for its price . 
  i can only reccomend it . 
  its funny how they think that its so much money it can `` fix everything '' , but on the other hand `` it wo n't affect ordinary americans '' and `` banks can afford it '' . 
  you will but the 7850k will essentially only work in cpu form ( the integrated gpu wo n't be used ) . 
  kinda does . 
  what kinda r9 gpu did you get ? 
  if it is a 270/270x then i would propably just get athlon ii 860k ( a10 7850k without the igpu ) . 
  if its better one then i 'd propably reccomend going with intel - the fx is kinda hard to reccomend unless you get a great mobo + cpu deal or you have an am3 mobo already compatible with fx . 
  because to sustain the fx8350 you need a pretty damn good mobo ( high tdp + old platform ) where as going with the cheapest i5 you can get very cheap intel mobo . 
   i am anarchist because i support violence . 
  top kek . 
  well thats something to be proud of lol, 
  i like violence is essentially the tldr version of what he said . 
  why isnt he running skype on his pc ? 
  oh i see they have a bullshit proprietary port on their controllers . 
  and sell adapter for 25 $ so you can use regular headset ... 
  sorry i do n't know the answer to your question but since the xbox one headset looks crappy anyway i would just buy a regular pc headset and wouldnt worry about that, 
  ok so in short one of the reasons he is an anarchist is because he supports violence . 
  would you say that is fair ? 
  part of it is government regulation of power consumption . 
  for instance this shit the eu requires http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/policies/sustainable-business/ecodesign/product-groups/sound-imaging/files/console_maker_proposal_en.pdf ... 
  then ofcourse it comes down to selecting hw that is good enough and cheap . 
  well should n't x86 be already open anyway ( up to like 386 ) since the original patents should be expired by now . 
  its just few intel extensions that would be a problem and amd ussually had their counterparts so imho even if the deal would go down ( which is very unlikely due to antitrust and whatever ) it wouldnt be the end of the world . 
  mullins seems a pretty damn good tech for tablets ... 
  i do n't think it would be hard to use their ip to make something better, 
  well you could n't implement some new instructions that intel created ( mainly sse ) . 
  but that cpu would be still able to run majority of modern sw . and they could implement 3dnow !, 
  i am looking forward to somebody actually designing some supercheap x86 compatible cpu kinda like those arm raspberrypi and cheaper computers ( c.h.i.p. ) .
