  the other big minority that lives here are vietnamese , and they are the polar opposite - they work super hard , are hugely enterpreneurial , and they try very hard to assimilite ( their kids ussually speak perfect czech and are even given czech names ) . 
  people have no problems with them :-), 
  wow . 
  i had to say i did n't see that comming . 
  better late than never . 
  now i am very interested in some benchmarks comparing the performance between dx12/dx11/vulkan . 
  i obviously ca n't speak for everybody . 
  but mostly what i get from other people is a pure disbelief of what is happening in some western countries ( concerning the migrant situation , political corectness and rampant authoritarianism and zero respect for free speech ) . 
  just recently the west used to be the symbol of freedom in their mind , and it just feels so strange . 
  i think most people know and feel that there is a sizable minority of what used to be `` the silent majority '' that is opposed to that . 
  but yeah the media narrative does n't help it . 
  6700k is eol so why would you count it . 
  and i9 xeons and etx are entirely different kinds of products . 
  ... have you ever heard of the concept of `` you touched it -  you broke it '' ? 
  actually there are quite a lot of software companies ... for example most people use antivires made in czech republic or slovakia ( avast and avg are made in czech republic , norton is made in slovakia ) . 
  also some famous games ( arma , mafia ( not the third one ) , vietcong ... ) were made here . 
  depends on which cpu you have . 
  sony tried to sue emuilator makers and lost . 
  emulators are perfectly ok . 
  if they 'd make it that high they would have to make a second wall :-) because nobody would pay that . 
  nah it is still the same 8core dual ccx die ( as far as we know ) . 
  apus will come later - 2h of this year in mobile and 1h 2018 on desktop, 
  why the f-ck would she even play in a prequel or sequel ? 
  she is gon na die this or the last season ... 
  i on the other hand would advocate physical removal for fnn . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  its mostly cis-white-males that drive - so driving is racist and transphobic !!, 
  what is interesting and noone talks about ( it was quickly mentioned in this video ) ... is what horrible consequences the actual prosecution of pinochet had/can have on the world ... 
  pinochet voluntarily stepped down partially under the promise of immunity from prosecution . 
  this immunity got violated . 
  and he was prosecuted . 
  what message does this send to dictators ? 
  fuck voluntarily stepping down or you will go to jail or be executed . 
  hold on to power at all cost and kill all opposition . 
  great job leftist idiots . 
  you have blood on your hands . 
  not the case in russia ... 
  the muslim population is growing heavily in russia it has the most muslims per capita in europe and since putin took power 7500 new mosques were constructed ... in 20 years the russian military will be majority muslim ... 
  result of gun control . 
  few guys with ar-15s on the roof would solve this problem easily . 
  i 'd love to see those try to riot and steal in that case . 
  go ahead make my day . 
  jeffrey tucker is not a leftist by any means ... . 
  i do n't agree with him on everything but his books are amazing and he is a great guy . 
  :d :d :d best kappa, 
  6 core is unlikely due to how ryzen is structured ( 2 quad core core complexes . ), 
  nah bro its the u.s. trump supporters on vacation . , . . 
  you know the `` grab them by the pussy '' types :d :d :d :d / s, 
  good point . 
   he 's mentally deranged . 
  we already knew that :-), 
  yes i do not want to give the government ... the entity that planted backdoors into routers ... more power over the internet . 
  they clearly dont have the costumer interest at mind ... with private corporations atleast i know that they are into it to make a buck , and thats honesty i can appreciate . 
  just disabled ( some of them might have defect in that part of the chip ) . 
  this is nothing more that propaganda . 
  you know what sucks even more ? 
  having the government have more power over the internet ... 
  government ... the institution that spies on everyone ... the institution that puts backdoor into routers ... the institution that wants to outlaw encryption ... 
  its not about `` neutrality '' there is nothing neutral about the government deciding what content isp should serve . . its about getting back the power . 
  and no - quite the opposite effect will happen - more rules and regulation will make getting into the field harder and more expensive - resulting in less competition and therefore higher prices and slower speeds . 
  janusz korwinn mikke ... but he sadly doesnt run poland :-(, 
  depends on a game . 
  ... you can actually see it in watman ( gpu utilisation ), 
  for instance in doom you will not be bottlenecked . 
  but in bunch of other games yes . 
  you cited one instance in the past and talk about averages :-), 
  intermarium is the obvious solution . 
  and its already forming - its called three seas initiative . 
  there is a big fucking difference in punching a desk which will do absolutely zero damage to it ... and a destrying hundreds of $ worth of equipment . 
  is it woth it though ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  the massmarket apu will be single-die . 
  it is not cost effective to manufacture an mcm - at that price range . 
  it would be stupid to tie their entire new gpu uarch to an memory standard that you ca n't use cost effectively in the vast majority of products you sell . 
  so yea vega uarch should be able to use ddr4/gddr5 just fine . 
  why is the question . 
  you use mcm because :, 
  a ) yields ( 2 smaller dies have better yields than one huge die ), 
  b ) manufacturing size - when you basically ca n't make a die that is big enough to compete . 
  the disadvantage is higher latency in communication in between the modules and higher price for assembly . 
  a mass market consumer apu will be similar size to a single zeppelin die . 
  ( basically replace one ccx with a gpu ) . 
  amd can already basically salvage and sell almost every zeppelin die they manufacture . 
  so there is no issue with yields . 
  so there is no point in going mcm . 
  i 'd assume on the other hand it has to do with the hard-work and the mindset required to get fit . 
  i for one will propably upgrade to vega 56 - i have 1440p 144hz freesync screen and rx480 . 
  vega 56 seems to be a pretty damn good card for the money with a bonus that in the future it might actually become sick ( full fp16 support ? 
  ... basically twice the perf and bethesda already confirmed that in their next idtech they will support it ... ), 
  i could already see it aging like a finewine . 
  the only thing i am worried is if there will be enough of them to go around ... after all the card will be monster for mining . 
  yeah from amd perspective it is pretty fucking bad ( huge die with hbm competing with basically much smaller competitor die and using higher power =  bad margins ) but from customer perspective ? 
  bring it on !, 
  yeah its not . 
  but on paper it sure does look good . 
  even though you ca n't see it in games . 
  eh as far as i saw it is slightly faster than 1080 but has better minimums than 1080ti . 
  not bad for the money . 
  but yeah wait for reviews obviously . 
  vega 56 is supposed to be 210w tbp .
