  if you went to eastern europe you could propably get it even cheaper though . 
  i think it would be better just to make it a little window so you can throw nades through it, 
  cr is middle europe . 
  right next to germany and austria . 
  geographically its perfectly in the middle . 
  some people still view at as east cause it was in the soviet bloc ( thank you very much roosevelt and churchil for fucking up ... ) . 
  historically cr had always very strong ties with west - it was the most industrious part of austrohungarian empire and at times prague was the center from which roman emperors ruled ( talking about `` holy roman empire '' ) . 
  for instance schizofrenia or other mental health problems . 
  great bait mate i rate 8/8 :-) :-), 
  i am not sure i would recommend it during a vacation cause you have to be ready that the first like 2 days your eyes will be tired and ideally you want to sleep or rest them for most of the day - you can still do stuff but you do n't really want to ( atleast that was my experience - other people might have a better one ) . 
  oh well that kinda sucks . 
  but thanks for the info . 
  is it planned though ? 
  i think it would actually be pretty damn great just to be able to play with other premium guys ( less leavers , cheaters and overall much better community imho ), 
  well its not like they ca n't play two games in groups at once ... 
  i 'd rather have them play two games at once in group stage and choose what i watch depending on teams playing than have bo1 . . - . . 
  you can play more games at once in group stage ... 
  i was at iem katowice 2015 and they were basically using only half of the stage ... 
  yeah basically . 
  the whole event was called iem katowice 2015 though . 
  just psa : if you are giving so much to charity go and check what the charity actually does . 
  for instance here you are supporting `` operation supply drop '' which sends care packages to soldiers fighting overseas . 
  if you do n't support the war you maybe should n't be supporting this charity ... 
  or on the other hand there are also bunch of charities that support `` gun control '' ( taking away the rights of people to defend themselves ) . 
  so yeah check what you are contributing to !, 
  really ? 
  its not like somebody is holding gun to your head to enlist ... not to mention that you can claim a concientious objector status and gtfo out of military if you are opposed to war . 
  so anybody who really doesnt want to be thare can get out . 
  sure he might lose a pension or shit like that but its not like he is forced to fight . 
  and also there are organizations like oathkeepers . 
  never said i hate somebody . . 
  i just said that i will not support people fighting an unjust war with my own money . 
  there is a song i 'd like to quote right now : `` fuck the police ! '' . 
  these officers are litterally scum that should be shot . 
  yeah and maybe different people would come if they ended the welfare state and lowered taxes proportionally ... 
  i do n't think that will be the case for a long time ... 
  i predict it will be simply the case of `` good enough '' ... like look i can already play most games just fine without spending extra on gpu - sure i could play them at ultra but that would cost me money . 
  that caster is litterally cancer . 
  you made my day bro . 
  not sure if kappa or not . 
  regardless there are two adrens . 
  one american and one russian . 
  rush b 5 seconds !, 
  babam, 
  is that like the quantum computing thing i hear so much about ? 
  generally i agree with you . 
  its just that this part -, 
   `` the same will eventually ring true for graphics , where the average person wo n't be able to tell a discernible difference between igpu 's and discreet gpu 's , nor will they really care . '', 
  is imho pretty damn far away . 
  imho its not about `` i cant see the difference '' but more like `` is the difference worth xxx $ '' . 
  fangays . 
  i 've been using hp laserjet 1018 for more than 7 years now . 
  zero problems . 
  prints super fast and toner is dirt cheap . 
  could n't be happier . 
  i even modded my wifi router and installed printserver on it - so my dumb printer is now `` smart '' and prints over network . 
  if that is true then rip intel in macbooks . 
  apple switching to arm would pretty damn interesting . 
  well it wouldnt be first time that apple switched instruction set ( first was powerpc -  x86 now they might go to arm - since they control all the software it would n't be that big of a deal . ), 
  `` hehe those rich boys got screwed hehehehe suck it up '' you are officially a dick, 
  applying for work visa is much much harder and longer than applying for welfare . 
  governmetn logic . 
  well vp rekt fnatic ... so this time they deserved to be there :-), 
  at what i am amazed is the integration . 
  one soc ( system on a chip ) now can do things for which you needed cpu and bunch of other chips . 
  and not just in pcs - if you are into networking you can just compare the board layout of -, 
  mikrotik rb411 + r52hnd minipci card with new mikrotik rb911-5hnd . 
  i suggest you look into used market . 
  for instance lot of people are retiring am2/am2 + systems nowadays with some ooold single/dual core athlons . 
  if you can get your hands on one of those you can easily upgrade it for very cheap . 
  most am2 boards support am3 cpus via a bios update . 
  and then you can buy cpu such as athlon ii x3 440 from ebay for like 20 $ shipped . 
  cpu like that is comparable to the apu . 
  ddr2 ram is super cheap as well again you can get 4gb stick from ebay for like 10 $ shipped ( talking about high density amd only stuff ) . 
  this leaves you with enough money to spend on a proper psu and some midrange or used gpu . 
  there is lot of backward compatibility in amd sockets . 
  even the current am3 + is based on the old am2 so there are some cheap am3 + motherboards with chipsets from 2007 . 
  i even got lucky with my am3 board - it supported fx8350 with bios update :-), 
  spot on !, 
  you know they always only want the other guy to be taxed :-) :-) , 
  why does netflix even comply ? 
  they arent a chicago based company what can chicago do ? 
  stop people from chicago using the site ? 
  how ? 
  you could argue that it infact did . 
  less people getting physical media means that there is less driving to the videostore = less use of roads =  less police men patroling . 
  sure the impact is propably almost negligible but so is people switching to digital, 
  m4a4 was always better bro :-) it has the same spray pattern as ak so you can master them both :-), 
  buy cz75 , hide in corner , get ak . 
  problem solved :d kappa, 
  coz skins . 
  your flair :-) :-) :d, 
  well he could not install it in amd socket since there is no way the cpu would hold there - it would just fall off since it has no pins to hold it in place , 
  yes but the only thing the latching mechanism does one amd is that it holds the pins in place - if there are no pins it cant hold the cpu :-), 
  so thats why they want to build the wall at mexico borders ... heheheh, 
  you would get a lot of bandwidth with rats carrying hdds but the latency is too high :d, 
  20/20 eye sight ( just had lasik surgery 2months ago ) ... still dmg :d, 
  well overall i am very happy with the surgery - i can finally have the freedom to live without glasses . 
  i can finaly wear whatever sunglasses i want . 
  yes i do see some halos at night but i do n't mind them since i do n't spend a lot of my time outside at night .
