  you wot m8, 
  selling prebuilt pc at console price is not profitable and since some companies suck at optimizing it would propably be a worse experience - those 200 $ make all the difference in the world :-), 
  amd non-apu cpus ussualy have max core temp of 62c ( which is the case of that fx too ), 
  not sure about that particular gpu though ( i gues 90-100c ), 
  yep very small difference on performance but also 1366 vs 1600mhz is also very small difference in price . 
  for instance you can get gskill 2166mhz 2x4gb ( dualchannel is better anyway ) for 4 $ more ... and also there is a difference in other kinds of workloads for which it is imho worth it ( + higher rated ram helps when overclocking using base clock a lot ) . 
  well worth the price difference if you ask me . 
  really ? 
  thats strange cause everywhere i looked people said that fx is the same as phenoms ii ( 62core max ) ; apus can go higher though . 
  i couldnt find official answer from amd though, 
  well i see how long will the laptop i use hold :-) may be it will live until there are some decent carrizo products and if not i 'll propably buy kaveri . 
  i would personaly wait for the 3xx reveal from amd - there is potential of big performance jump with hbm and 20nm . 
  but 2x 290s are great deal too . 
  really no need to put the hdd in diferent room ... 
  if you have most of the stuff on ssd and only use hdd for storage you seldom use it :-), 
  should have said it : i am runing amd hd7970ghz edition and the display in question is using displayport, 
  xdma crossfire actually scales a lot better ( and it does higher resolution better ) than nvidia sli anyway - so i would much rather get multiple 290s for 4k / 1440p / eyefinity - the price is right, 
  yep its 70c on package ( + - = 62c core ) . 
  runing it higher is not good idea . 
  used to be - since the end of phenom ii line they started using red logo ( ati :-) ), 
  mantle will still be better than dx ... simply because there is much less abstraction and it can be closer to hw ( cause its targeting specific architecture ) . 
  also mantle has some interesting potential in its future - utilizing multiple gpus that arent the same ( for instance . 
  : lets use your igp for computing physics and dynamic gpu for normal stuff ), 
  it does n't run on all amd cards - only on cards that utilize the new amd gcn architecture - not even all cards from the last series . 
  so it can get pretty damn close to the metal . 
  theoretically there might be something ... 
  amd will be releasing carrizo apu with excavator cores soon ( early 2015 ) ... and since finally there might be some reasonable manufaturing process to support high-power cpu ( 28nm fdsoi in early 2015 ) we could theoretically see destkop excavator with more than 2 modules and with good clocks ( remember what steamroller gained in ipc it lost in lower clocks due to 28nm shp ) . 
  but all of this is just wishful thinking . 
  there is just too many ifs . 
  there is something wrong with your hw - my much much shittier laptop can play it better than that ( a6-4455m 1module dual core trinity 2.1 ghz apu ), 
  well i was under the impression that the reason they didnt release steamroller was that 32nm soi piledriver had comparable performance with 28nm shp steamroller due to lower clocks on shp process and porting that design to 32 soi would be costly and basically going backwards - what improvements they made with ipc was lost due to lower clocks . 
  on the other-hand according to rumors excavator is designed for 28nm soi so there should be no cost of porting it - just put more than 2 modules on a chip ( which ca n't be that hard / costly ) . 
  now if you compound the added ipc of steamroller with excavater architerctural improvements ( piledriver to steamroller - 10 % ; steamroller to excavator 23 % according to rumor on benchmarking numbers of carrizo-l = if that turned to be true you would be looking at 35 % more single core performance ) we could actually have a pretty damn good part that would have good enough single core perf . 
  for anything . 
  btw . 
  i agree with you that am3 + should die thats why i suggested releasing it on fm2 + - that would also be nice upgrade path for folks with 2 module athlons, 
  i am 99 % that will happen - it is rumored to ne fm2 + compatible . 
  carrizo is supposed to release first in mobile as opposed to destkop first which is what kaveri did . 
  carrizo-l which is the ulv variant is supposed to release this december , full carrizo in march . 
  destkop variants propably later ... 
  thing is if you look at their newer apus they integrate parts of chipset right into the chips so i would expect them to do the same - i.e. 
  abandon am3 + and just use their fm2 + platform - no need to have two similar die-sized platforms at the same time . 
  they did n't release a10-7850k and 860k at the same time . 
  but only time will tell . 
  good point . 
  i did n't know that . 
  since my pc is `` evolving '' constantly ... its pretty damn hard to tell . 
  for instance i still use my old mobo from my phenom ii build ( as it happens to be compatible with bios update with fx line ) ... . the same can happen with psu case periferals drives ram and all that sort of stuff :-), 
  the way i do it is to use cheapo passive 1 $ headphone splitter and have both speakers and headphones working at all times . 
  like this, 
   http://www.ebay.com/itm/3-5mm-audio-jack-out-plug-to-2-3-5mm-splitter-female-adapter-for-iphone-ipod-mp3-/200935174556?pt=us_audio_cables_adapters&amp;hash=item2ec8ab719c, 
  also intel highly subsidizes those chips - that is why they are cheap as hell . 
  `` x64 '' or how everyone else except microsoft and intel call it : amd64 :-), 
  i 'd wait for 390 ... 
  10 % ipc increase is just steamroller over piledriver . 
  saying another 10-20 % from excavator is reasonable expectation imho ( saw benchmark of carrizo-l which added 26 % ipc over kaveri - not sure if legit though ), 
  so i do n't think it would be unreasonable to expect 25 % -30 % increased ipc piledriver -  excavator ( 1 ( piledriver ) x1 .1 ( steamroller ) x1 .13 = 1.25 ( pile -  exc ) ), 
  you need to download more ram :-), 
  last game from ubisoft i played was splinter cell conviction which i bought for 5 $ in a steam sale ... and i still remember being pissed about having to install second client - if i knew that i would n't have bought it - the game was meh . 
  at best anyway . 
  i thought about buying far cry 3 when it was dirt cheap on steam but said f-ck them they can keep their shitty games and shitty store . 
  not really - according to benchmarks and article i 've seen they are comparable in fps ( some games radeon wins some game gtx wins ) but radeon games vere lot more playble because there was no jerkinnes and stuff like that ( problems with sli ) . 
  that is due to 2 things -, 
  xdma crossfire is a lot better than sli, 
  radeon scales better into higher resolutions, 
  gtx 980 is still better single card though . 
  ugly , expensive and pointless . 
  now if they just sold these cards ( one by one ) with waterblocks and without all that garbage so you can do a custom loop inside your case that would be nice . 
  not really nvidia sli implementation is far behind xdma . 
  3x sli doesnt scale well . 
  can somebody please explain to me why majority of oem still stick stupid pointless optical drives into laptops ? 
  like i literaly ca n't remember the last time i used optical media ... 
  what i want : 13 '' -14 '' ( i dont mind 1366x768 ) ) slim laptop with amd apu that is not loud as hell and can play lol / cs : go @ 60fps medium settings + ... to replace my 2 year old samsung 535 - i love the form factor and it is pretty ok with an ssd but i can game on it , the hinge is starting to break and its loud @ stock voltage ( why ca n't we have decent bios so we ca n't undervolt there and not rely on software utilities ... :-( ) ... 
  ok let me ask you different question - do you use the optical drive when you are on the go ? ... 
  i bet you do n't - so why not just shave the weight and bulk and use external usb one ? 
  you mean to tell me that they have laptops that can be overclocked/undervolted in the bios ? 
  ok thanks for the headsup i guess i was wrong then ... next time i choose a laptop i have to check for this :-), 
  what about network sharing ? 
  ... its pretty damn easy to do samba shared folder on windows and acces it from other os . 
  and over gigabit network it surely is faster than using odd too :-) i do all my filesharing between pcs over network . 
  well isnt supersampling basically the same thing or am i wrong ? 
  i do n't know about mobile x-fire but if we talking destkop ... the new implementation of xfire found in 290 and 290x is miles ahead of anything nvidia has when it comes to microstutter . 
  i also used to rune dual 5770 and it did work decently - i got like 80-90 % better fps and majority of games i played with it worked fine . 
  the paid gave oems better deals if they didnt supply amd cpus at all ... 
  they got caught and lost a lawsuit . 
  also they give low end baytrail for free . 
  so gg intel . 
  if your product sucks and nobody would buy it just give it away to hurt the competition . 
  thats why i do n't buy anything intel ... they are bunch of anticompetitive monopolist scumbags . 
  depends on your budget - i am currently running 8350 its great cpu for the money and runs everything i throw at it . 
  but i would n't build a new machine with it just due to the old chipsets avaliable on am3 + and the fact that there wo n't be any updates for that platform . 
  ( i upgraded from phenom ii 965 be because my am3 board supported fx with beta bios ... otherwise i would propably keep that phenom as i did n't have any problems with it ) . 
  and with console ports comming from 8core jaguar consoles i think the 8 core piledrivers would be able to keep up pretty well for modern titles . 
  nope what you guys need is optimized game - go post on ubisoft website ... for god sakes they put 7970 / 680 as a minimum requirement ... and the game still looks like crap ... 
  anyway last ac i played was ac 1 - and i did like 3-4 missions before it got so boring and repetitive i just stopped - like seriously :, 
   step 1 : climb a tower, 
   step 2 : look and discover the same formulaic miniquests, 
   step 3 : do it over and over again, 
   step 4 : finally discover the one somewhat original mission and do that, 
   step 5 : repeat,
