  those keys you get for 15 $ are licensed for personal use only ( through student programs like dreamspark and msdnaa ) not for resale - reselling them is in a way no better than pirating . 
   we need the entire home thing network hardened and separated from the normal lan and the public internet, 
  vlan, 
  well in europe a lot of isps ( including the one i work for do n't give public ip adresses to their users unless they specifically request it ( and pay for it ) ) . 
  so by default those users are nated and nothing can connect to their network . 
  and if they request it we ussually are the ones to set it up for them so we explain stuff for them :-), 
  but i guess in the us users are just given public ips by default . 
  you go to a driving course before you get to drive on the road ... 
  the same way before you install networking hardware in your home you should either do a research ( and by no means is setting up nat and firewall anything complicated ) or leave it to a professional . 
  this is not a defect its just a way internet protocols works . 
  letting any random device total acces to the internet is very very bad practice - even if the device was the greatest thing ever - how often does the user upgrade firmware on that device ? 
  agreed . 
  the win license could be a deciding factor for many users though so i just wanted to point that out . 
  nvidia is better run company . 
  does n't mean their tech is better though . 
  we are not in / r/marketing, 
  how do you legislate that away ? 
  even if the device was super secure at launch 2 years later there might be a security bug found and do you honestly expect every bfu to upgrade the firmware ? 
  legislation would only make it worse - people would gain false security from the law . 
  if i need my teeth pulled i do n't do it myself at home i let professional do it - we are very specialized species . 
  if people think today that they are the very special snowflake that can do anything then well i have no sympathy for them . 
  never have i done such a thing . 
  nvidia has better marketing . 
  nvidia has better software ( or atleast it could be argued that ) . 
  but no nv doesnt ave better hardware, 
  well you could but that ip is useless since that is just one of the pool that server dynamic nat . 
   do n't expect that tp-link switch to make it a year if you 're lucky . 
  i have to disagree we have legacy switches just like these in our network ( old installations that we did n't get to upgrade yet ) and they are 5 + years old with zero issues . 
  install and forget . 
  it depends on the speed provided . 
  as long as they are providing just a few mbits for every person then its just fine . 
  switches like these ussually outlive a lot of other gear . 
  i have to question that since the switch in the picture is 10/100mbit fastethernert switch not a gbit model . 
  + -97 mbits is the most it can theoretically do . 
  only thing that can go wrong with switches like these is they either completely die , their power supply dies or few of the ports die ( badly done shielding on the cables ) . 
  not one of these things can be fixed with a restart . 
  sadly it is a must because of not enough ipv4 adresses . 
  maybe in 10 + years when ipv6 will be deployed then this will stop happening . 
  this is mostly the case in newly developed countries . 
  its simply a measure of saving ipv4 adresses as there is not enough . 
  in china for example users are ussually behind double nat :-), 
  if i were to guess how many people request a public ip it would be around 1 % . 
  most users have simply no need for it as they do n't run any services on their pcs , they are just consumers . 
  you do n't understand . 
  simply said - hundreds of customers are sharing a single ip . 
  those customers are behind nat . 
  dynamic dns is absolutely useless as the ports are not forwarded . 
  i agree with you . 
  you made a good point - if the company is marketing that item as easy and plug and play then they are partly to blame for not sexurign it properly . 
  and yeah i would argue that the number of people who actually can use a computer properly is lower than in the 80s / 90s . 
  this is a great blog post about it http://www.coding2learn.org/blog/2013/07/29/kids-cant-use-computers/, 
  wrt54g is new compared to some stuff i saw when going into clients homes ... just last year i found like 2 wi-fi aps that supported only 802.11 b ( yes b - meaning max link speed of 11mbit/s or about 5mbit/s of real throughput ) . 
  well ofcourse the client was complaining that his connection is slow :-), 
  those aps were from the early 2000 's and still working like a champ . 
  networking hardware is suprisingly sturdy and lot of times it becomes obsolete earlier then it actually dies . 
  why the harsh words . 
  depending on technology used i would n't necesarilly call it all that bad . 
  if they only give few mbps to each client than that switch will do just fine and for years . 
  - could they put it in some nice case ? 
  sure they could but the case would be more expensive then 10switches like that and it would take a lot more work to do it . 
  and its not like it looks out of place in the area ... 
  could it be a firehazard ? 
  ... maybe but i have never seen a network switch like that burst into flames . 
  nope its fairly common practice in countries where internet infrastructure was developed recently - there simply isnt enough ipv4 adresses to go around . 
  there is very small amount of people who actually request a public ip ( and the price is by no means big - we charge like 2 $ a month for it and you can get it for free if you pay for higher speed ) - most of them need it either for services they run - like smart home appliances and ip cams or for multiplayer on xbox one ( sony host their own servers ms do n't ) . 
  everything else work just fine . 
  is the cable atleast in protective sleeve or something ? 
  as far as i am aware amd havent released optimizations for tomb raider yet so expect to see some performance gains . 
  i am in the same boat as you running 7970 which is the same chip - my plan is to wait until polaris releases and then buy hopefully cheap secondhand fury . 
  not really 280x is one gen behind 290x - it released as a flagship in the hd 7xxx gen ( hd 7970 ) and then got rebranded . 
  but yeah they are not that far apart so your point stands . 
  is n't there a thing called sovereignity ? 
  what the hell could happen to a newspaper for publishing a story some other country 's elite doesnt want to hear ? 
  pretty nice cpu scaling to multiple cores . 
  i have to say ubisoft did some nice work since unity . 
  120gb hdd is enough for os programs and few smaller games ( lol , cs : go ) . 
  but for not powerusers its small . 
  you have to upgrade entire gpu - you can get around it a little by smartly choosing settings - some have much higher impact on vram than others ( f.e. 
  higher shadows and lower textures ) it wo n't look as good but atleast youll get around that bottleneck . 
  it will not overheat or explode - it will be loud though . 
  unless you have a shit case then yes . 
  worst case scenario is the cpu wo n't stay turboed - will downclock a bit . 
  i am running 8350 ( on aftermarket cooling though and i hadnt tried stock since i was upgrading an older rig which already had a cooler ) . 
  my friend was running 8350 on its stock cooler for a while though - he only upgraded because of the noise . 
  step 1 : build a pc, 
  step 2 : ???? 
  step 3 : profit, 
  isnt 7770 actually better than 250x ? 
  damn son !, 
  savage . 
  why would you put green reference gtx gpus inside red themed build :-( its not like you ca n't buy msi or some shit that is red toned . 
  not really they are different gpus ( oland vs cape verde ) they are similar performance though . 
  got this idea about getting a cheap used reference 290 and getting rid of the shroud and fan ( just keeping the heatsink ) and ziptying some proper fans to it . 
  not sure if that is doable though :d, 
  correct me if i am wrong but 7770 and 250x are different gpus - similar performance but different gpus so you ca n't crossfire, 
   in words of taylor , the architecture is going to allow them to make `` gpus to run minimum spec of vr , at lower cost , consuming less power , and running faster . '', 
  about what i would expect - mainstream card prices should drop while the overall performance/dollar is not expected to drop all that much . 
  reason : 14nm ff being more expensive per transistor - which can be offset with cheaper power delivery circuitry and cheaper coolers in mainstream cards as tdp will be lower . 
  well yeah but so will the price that i will be able to ressell my card . 
  and for technical reasons concerning finfet process and release schedule of the new cards i would expect the price of my card to fall more and quicker .
