  b ) this is not max settings . 
  some settings are fxaa some are 2x ssaa , some are 1x smaa - there is no consistency . 
  ( or i guess there is - they are consistently trying to show the settings what makes the 1060 look best in particular game . ), 
  well the benches are very funny - cherrypicked settings as fuck ... hmm our card has more rops but less shaders than competition ... how can we show it off ? 
  i know lets use ssaa :-), 
  i 'd say it would be lot less confusing for the buyers to call it 1050 / 1050ti ... 
  but i guess they are going for the `` hey my friend has 1060 and its great performance i can get this 1060 for only xxx $ yeaaah '', 
  gambling is a victimless crime . 
  stopping people from gambling is like stopping people from drinking . 
  are you willing to point guns at people because they like to have a beer ? 
  are you willing to go and throw people who drink into cages ? 
  fuck you initiating force against peaceful people is unethical and immoral !, 
  gambling is a victimless crime . 
  stopping people from gambling is like stopping people from drinking . 
  are you willing to point guns at people because they like to have a beer ? 
  are you willing to go and throw people who drink into cages ? 
  fuck you initiating force against peaceful people is unethical and immoral !, 
  valve office :, 
  `` guys , holy f-ck the major viewership is declining what should we do ? '', 
  `` what about doing some proper seeding system so that all the best teams dont end up in one group and other groups are joke ? '', 
  `` no , thats bullshit , i know what will boost the viewership - lets ban betting ! '', 
  u wot m8 ? 
  in other news -, 
  anti-betting losers sue fed ( federal reserve ) because people apparently gamble with dollars . 
  fighting against gambling is not ethical, 
  you sir , are delusional . 
  amd is so bad with drivers that a r9 270 ( a 179 $ lowend midrange card based on a chip from q2 of 2012 ) destroys gtx 780 ti ( - a 699 $ monster gpu from end of 2013 ) in vulkan ... . . 
   bit embarrassing when you consider that the gtx970 is on a bigger node . 
  well considering that maxwell is a lean dx11 uarch vs gcn is general compute uarch that can do lot more than dx11 and considering that amd overvolted their chips ( to get as many as avaliable to pass the binning to hit that sweet 199 $ price point ) . 
  i 'd say they did ok . 
  imho the main advantage nvidia currently holds is better memory compression . 
  that allows it to field cards with smaller memory buses / lower clocked gddr5 in the same class - that alone gives them a big bump in energy efficiency . 
  or maybe just have the gov ' t to drop you out of a helicopter . 
  the already did ... its called the wii mote ( or specifically the wii zapper ), 
  now sega needs to release a mini-genesis and have `` mini-genesis does what mini-nintendont ! '', 
  double gpu power !!!!!, 
  just because a new driver is avaliable doesnt mean it actually targets any optimizations for your architecture . 
  so who are the military representing ? 
  is there any chance we get new pinochet ? 
  lot of people in turkey are in dire need of free helicopter rides :-) :d, 
  seriously wtf is wrong with valve devs ? 
  do n't fix what aint broken ... stupid pointless changes . 
  the defuse sound was not harder to miss than in 1.6 ... they just made it really obvious now ... 
  since when was ninja defusing a bad thing ? 
  lowering the skill ceiling is not a good thing . 
  if your teammates are yelling when you are guarding the bomb its not the games fault . 
  well keep in mind that the gpu on the zen apu is newer revision of gcn ( not the same uarch as polaris 460 ) so it is very likely that they improved memory compression . 
  the rx460 is likely gon na have very lowend gddr5 memory ( 5ghz / 5,5 ghz / 6ghz ) so its not gon na be that huge jump from mainstream ddr4, 
  what antiwoman rhetortic ? 
  well since there is bigger demand than supply right now ( lot of gpus get sold during the launching perios as opposed to average amount sold per day ) . 
  the board partners choose to prioritize selling 8gb models ( higher markup + the potential that somebody will be upsold ) . 
  also there were some rumors of the new 512mb gddr5 chips to put on the 4gb cards not being ready yet ( the old ones were ending production ) . 
  aots is not there because people play it but because it is a purely dx12 coded engine that is sign of things to come + will be used in strategy games . 
  well vulkan has no problem working with win 7/8, 
  ethernet port labeled `` fiber jack '' ... facepalm google, 
  seriously who the hell has problem with gambling ? 
  ... who ? 
  ... why ? 
  ... not your money , not your bussiness . 
  eh we do n't know how much of the faster clocks is by design by nvidia and how much is thanks to tsmc 16nm being superior to glofo ( which never made gpus before ) . 
  if it was by design then you have to congratulate nvidia as thery clearly made a more efficient gpu in both perf/mm and perf/w ( atleast in dx11 titles - in dx12/vulkan it gets murkier ) . 
   `` the rx480 if they ever sold 4gb cards that were n't actually 8gb cards would look the same . '', 
  that is not how it works . 
  the rx480 4gb has to have the same amount of ram chips as the 8gb version . 
  you do n't have half of the same ram chips - you have the same amount of different cheaper half-capacity ram chips . 
  if you had half the amount you would only be able to address the ram as if it were 128-bit gpu ( = = half the bandwidth ) . 
  that is why it looks strange to have 1060 have 2 unpopulated ram-slots - it could mean that the full gp106 silicon actually has 256-bit bus that was disabled to compete with rx480 ( lower price , lower power consumption and likely only small impact on performance ) . 
  its not unheard of - r9 380x actually had 384-bit bus that was never used in any product - although they used a proper pcb . 
  make that 2 :d, 
  the way i look at it - the performance difference between past dx11 titles doesnt really matter - its not as if one card can play the game at 60fps and other not . 
  they both give you excelent experience at max settings @ 1080p . 
  how many more aaa dx11 games are coming out ? 
  eh not many . 
  going forward vast majority of aaa games will be vulkan/dx12 . 
  amd clearly has a more forward looking architecture with more potential ( more flops ) + amd is in the current and next gen consoles = they will get more optimization . 
  meaning the rx480 will outperform 1060 even more in modern game-engines and new games . 
  1060 is more power-efficient but 30w or so nothing in a gaming rig . 
  rx480 is on the other hand cheaper . 
  the only reasons imho to buy 1060 -, 
  a ) you already have g-sync screen, 
  b ) you are trying to build like very small htpc-like system where every watt matters, 
  in that case i would expect a note about the new patch and that the performance shown is not really indicative of the real performance . 
  ( or just say hey we have n't have time to bench this new game on all our cards - and just put a few important ones there ), 
  damn can anyone point me to a benchmark running cs 1,6 and half-life 1 ? 
  i need to know which of the 1060 and 480 is faster . 
  m8 both cards are plenty fast enough to give you excelent experience in current titles at 1080p at max settings . 
  both will smoke the older games . 
  sure if it were a review of rx 460 / gtx 1040 / 1050 i could see benching old games being relevant ... 
  yeah well there is a reason why overwatch will never be a serious e-sports . 
  cs : go does n't have the same problem - resolution or even graphics settings do n't give you any meaningful advantage - it comes down to preference - some players play 4:3 because they are used to it from 1.6 . 
  some play 16:9 . 
  some play high , some play low . 
  what gives you small advantage is high refresh rate screen . 
  and even then the advantage is not huge . 
  game at high @ 1440p       game at ultra @ 1080p . 
  spending more money to downgrade is imho stupid . 
  just lowering the aa settings will give you nice boost of performance ( and you do n't need aa nearly as much because 1440p has higher pixel density . ), 
  the same case is true where i live the aftermarket 1060 is cheaper than rx 480 . , ... . 
  however ... they all sold out . 
  so currently there are only rx 480s .
