  two for one !, 
  twofer !, 
  i am excited for porto !, 
  pm inbound !, 
  hahah , of course . 
  nothing but the best . 
  yeah , surprisingly few italians !, 
  sending you the address now !, 
  and i 'll send you an address !, 
  of course !, 
  never been there so it 's even better !, 
  i want a lot of things from portugal but a postcard will have to do for now !, 
  thanks !, 
  to sf , that 's wher we live . 
  hopefully it 's not that expensive and it can make it here in time . 
  if you ca n't afford it , just wish her a happy birthday and that 's enough too !, 
  she watches it time to time . 
  apparently finds some of the characters ( boys and girls !? ), 
  really hot . 
  i dont know which ones , though . 
  we 'd love some fabulous cards , of course . 
  british , you are doing it right . 
  i think that 's right ? 
  the address is in your inbox !, 
  of course you count !, 
  how are you liking it there so far ? 
  hahaha , well played . 
  of course . 
  i 'm pm ` ing you right now !, 
  check your inbox dostum . 
  of course i do !, 
  check your inbox !, 
  yes and no . 
  i wish i could say yes wholeheartedly . 
  living in the us and having spent some time in germany and netherlands , it 's very clear that turkey , especially the western part , is more european than most people think . 
  i 'm a big prononent of turkey joining eu but sadly , especially with the current government and a lot of turkish people 's opinion of eu , it 's not something that 's going to happen soon . 
  thanks mate !, 
  of course i do !, 
  check your inbox !, 
  awesome . 
  and hopefully my fingers wo n't fall apart and i 'll be able to send you one also . 
  oh man , that looks too awesome . 
  hopefully we 'll be able to handle it . 
  who would n't !, 
  psh , that 's like asking if i want to drink . 
  of course !, 
  pm me your address and i 'll send you one !, 
  nice . 
  i love the feeling of some international drama . 
  haha thanks . 
  whatever you can do would be appreciated . 
  i 'm sure we 'd like any and all postcards , even if they are from the same place . 
  each of them is special . 
  yeah , it 's a bit awkward . 
  she has her own place and hard for me to intercept the letters . 
  also , she 's a bit wary about her address being online so that did n't seem like a good idea . 
  and as you said , i really wanted the stamps . 
  so i 'm doing the next best thing and sending them to my place and i 'll package it up somehow and give it to her . 
  i appreciate the thought though . 
  the info is in your inbox . 
  i 'm feeling it !, 
  thanks my lovely komshi !, 
  oh , i think she 'd faint !, 
  awesome , that 'd be great !, 
  i 'd love to see it in person sometime !, 
  merci , sir or madame !, 
  i do love it too , overwhelmed with so many great people offering their kindness !, 
  thanks !, 
  sure , more the merrier !, 
  most excellent, 
  well , one way to find out !, 
  haha , i think there were a couple legitimate offers . 
  i always joke to my girlfriend about moving to italy because i love biking and there 's italian flags on my riding jerseys all the time and after a long ride , i come home and eat obscene amounts of pasta . 
  you guys know how to live , i tell you . 
  ah , well , i 'm a turkish person living in the us and i got ta say neither of them are n't doing that much better . 
  in fact , us government has shut down !, 
  and , sir/madame , that would be awesome . 
  you say it wo n't match , i say it 'll be awesome !, 
  of course !, 
  i was in boston over the weekend and there were so many ads about flying to iceland for cheap . 
  i was very tempted but alas , work and lack of money . 
  it should happen soon , tho !, 
  wow , overwhelming !, 
  how about i dont pick and get everything !, 
  kidding aside ( only slightly  , whatever you can do would be most awesome !, 
  thanks a lot for taking the time and even getting your parents involved !, 
  also , i would be interested !, 
  i 'm sure you will !, 
  your so has someone so nice that he/she will send postcards all over the world . 
  i 'll try to send you a postcard in time too !, 
  yay !, 
  whatever you can put together would be most appreciated !, 
  that 's awesome . 
  also mmm croissants . 
  yay !, 
  in your honor sir / lady !, 
  i 'd love to receive a dutch card !, 
  are we friends already !, 
  how about some french slovekian !, 
  yay , thanks !,
