  it 's the thought that matters !, 
  whatever you can would be much appreciated !, 
  of course !, 
  details in the inbox !, 
  i 'll let this one slide . 
  for now !, 
  j/k i 'm just flattered you wanted to take the time , 
  if i do n't pm you first !, 
  that 'd be great !, 
  check your inbox !, 
  ah man , thanks , 
  well , first of all , thanks  really , whatever is most convenient for you . 
  i 'm just flattered you wanted to take the time . 
  i 'm going to pm you my info . 
  oh , maybe next birthday now . 
  thanks for letting me know , 
  sounds great !, 
  it 's the thought that counts , 
  would want nothing more !, 
  oh , so many !, 
  i 'll send you the address already . 
  most excellent !, 
  i 'll think of you each time i drink a red bull !, 
  whatever you fancy !, 
  it 's the thought that matters !, 
  either would be great !, 
  both would be awesome . 
  whatever you can , 
  of course , that 'd be great too !, 
  haha yes !, 
  haha because of / u/wardmuylaert 's comment . 
  catalan would be great . 
  details in the pm , 
  sending you the details via pm , 
  of course !, 
  i want them all ! . 
  thanks a lot for taking the time , your thought is much appreciated . 
  zito hellas !, 
  that 's the most greek thing i know . 
  si senor . 
  wait . . 
  did i do it right ? 
  ohh , lovely !, 
  thank you !, 
  done !, 
  of course !, 
  you are like eu yourself !, 
  except the whole british part , 
  ship them over with some angry birds !, 
  awesome !, 
  there 's no such thing as dull people , psh !, 
  done !, 
  i know , right ? 
  done , 
  done !, 
  done !, 
  done !, 
  done !, 
  done !, 
  done !, 
  omg !, 
  yes !, 
  done !, 
  well , i thought about it . 
  as they mentioned , there was the issue of randomly putting her address on the internets , which she is very paranoid about . 
  she has her own place and and it 's pretty much impossible to intercept her mail for me at this point . 
  i thought about asking people to put them in an envelope but that seemed like too much to ask from random strangers . 
  she does like receiving them in the mail so i might actually somehow send all of them to her if i receive them in time but we 'll see . 
  well , i thought about it . 
  as they mentioned , there was the issue of randomly putting her address on the internets , which she is very paranoid about . 
  she has her own place and and it 's pretty much impossible to intercept her mail for me at this point . 
  i thought about asking people to put them in an envelope but that seemed like too much to ask from random strangers . 
  she does like receiving them in the mail so i might actually somehow send all of them to her if i receive them in time but we 'll see . 
  good idea , i 'll take a look , 
  double whammy !, 
  your pm is on the way . 
  i 'm going to pm you my address and gf 's name . 
  just include a small bit of swedish if you can . 
  yes , oh my god yes !, 
  i was in sweden last summer to visit a friend of mine and i really , really loved it . 
  good on turkey ; as a turkish person living in the us after having studied in a us college , it 's rare that turkey gets any sort of positive mention here . 
  i agree with the general sentiment that education is still as the biggest tool in social mobility so nice to see that having some sort of positive effect on equality too . 
  fwiw , i think more people use `` salatalik '' than `` hiyar '' as hiyar also came to mean something along the lines of vulgar or an asshole . 
  and interestingly enough salatalik means , literally `` for salad '' or `` to be used for a salad '' . 
  source : i was born there . 
  hey / r/europe !, 
  this is n't very original at this point but i swear i had been thinking about this for a long time and kicked myself when i saw someone else doing it . 
  so i 'm a turkish dude living in the us after spending time in international schools and my girlfriend is a europhile turkish-american . 
  we pretty much bonded over our mutual love of different cultures ; both of us being third culture kids . 
  and for both of us , european culture holds a special place in her heart . 
  since we are both in our twenties and spend essentially all our money on rent ( sf , turns out , is ridiculously expensive ) visiting europe and travelling as much as we want to is n't an option . 
  however , i thought i could give her a small piece of the taste by getting her postcards from all the places we 'd one way want to visit together . 
  this works perfectly because she actually collects postcards too and it really makes her week to just even receive a small postcard from her parents . 
  so , my girlfriend 's birthday is at the end of the month and it would mean the world to me and her if i could surprise her with a couple of postcards from all over the world , and mainly europe . 
  and since i know i 'm far from being original ( i really had the idea before !, 
  ) , i want to sweeten the deal two ways for everyone . 
  first of all , if * any * of you ever ends up visiting sf , you are more than welcome to crash on my couch  but i 'll go a little further . 
  since both my girlfriend and i both really care about education , i am planning to donate a reasonable ( within my budget ) amount of money for each of the postcards i receive to a education related charity . 
  i 'm planning to set aside a couple hundred usd just for this so i 'm thinking about $ 10 per postcard !, 
  i 'm a nerd at heart ( check my comment history if you really want ) and i guarantee all of you ( in whatever way possible ) to make the best of my promise and document everything in excruciating detail on google doc or something similar so you can see everything .
