  particularly in the west ? 
  to most of us it 's just gibberish uttered by a 7th century warlord who was most probably dehydrated and hallucinating . 
  morocco is a short ways away from valencia . 
  if you want to wear a veil to school you can go there . 
  those who are genuine refugees have nothing to fear . 
  if they 're returned to turkey they 'll go to dedicated migrant camps . 
  economic migrants shouls gtfo either way , they hog resources and money that can be spent for people who genuinely need it . 
  i do n't think so , afd will only get bigger once the true consequences of merkel 's immigrant policy will show ( economic costs , non-integration , migrants who wo n't or ca n't work , migrants who wo n't or ca n't learn the language , clear cultural differences , sexual attacks etc ), 
   people in lesbos are on the brink to riot themselves and throw everybody out of the island . 
  let 's hope they do . 
  those inhabitants had peaceful lives a year ago , that 's now being wasted by single muslim males . 
  also , i ca n't stand those stupid ngos . 
  why are they so dead set on emptying out the mena countries into europe ? 
  can you please quote the part where i defended the german group ? 
  if you ca n't i 'll ask you not to put words into people 's mouth . 
  makes you look like an absolute moron . 
  notice how i said migrants and not muslims ? 
  you 're just filling in gaps with your own thoughts . 
  the only thing that 's ridiculed here is you , bu yourself nonetheless . 
   is n't peanut butter one of the american food products that inspires disgust in europeans ? 
  we 're not a homogenous group you know , there 's tens of countries here and even more cultures . 
  peanut butter is royally consumed by the dutch . 
  ca n't make statements about other countries , i do n't know . 
  i hope you know damn well what i mean with saying thank you , i refuse to believe that someone can be so dumb as to not understand that showing gratitude is not literally saying thank you . 
  you really think it 's only just this one fight ? 
  with a million aliens ( mostly single young men ) from a radically different culture i 'm pretty sure there are ( multiple ) fights every day . 
  but of course we wo n't get to read that in the news because preventing a right wing uprise is somehow more important than informing and protecting citizens . 
  you know , instead of sweeping migrant crimes under the rug the government could actually * do * something about it . 
  the right wing exists because people are fed up with non-integrating , disrespecting migrants . 
  people would n't be far right if migrants behaved like civilized people and took the effort to learn the language , integrate and contribute to society . 
  and saying thank you to their hosts once in a while would n't hurt either . 
  yeah poor refugees starting a fight : /, 
  practice what you preach first . 
  soo easy and typical to blame the big bad west for everything . 
  if you choke on your steak , is that the west 's fault too ? 
  i banged my knee to the coffee table yesterday , must 've been the west 's fault !, 
  oh no , it rains , must be tptb in the west doing silly rain dances !, 
  blablabla so typical . 
  everything is the west 's fault , even a bloody civil ( ! ), 
  war !, 
  allegedly ? 
  any form of unwanted migrants , really, 
  there are some wealthy syrians in turkey . 
  they have opened lots of shops and fast food restaurants , invested in apartments . 
  there 's arabic signs everywhere . 
  another group of syrians are used as cheap labor . 
  there are beggars too , and a group of 200.000 syrians live in camps . 
  i have seen one the camps on tv , the conditions were really good . 
  each family had a prefab home , there were schools and shops and they worked for their money . 
  i do n't know if they receive government benefits per se but i do know that admission to university is really easy for syrians ( they do n't have any admission exams whereas turks have to study their ass off ) , they get free healthcare , scholarships , language courses , work permits etc. 
  i do have to say that the average turk is fed up with them . 
  their culture is radically different from turks ( even though you 'd think they 're similar seeing as they 're both muslim ) . 
  they 're just an allround burden to turks , for example 300 young male syrians [ ( no women in sight ) ] ( http://m.mynet.com/300-suriyeli-floryada-denize-girdi-yasam-2528178/# ) occupied a beach in florya ( istanbul ) a couple of weeks shouting `` syria , syria !, 
  '' , intimidating people , they harass women , they 're loud and litter everywhere . 
  europe does n't know what the hell it has done taking so many in . 
  i 'm asking , if their culture is so alien to even their neighbours turkey , how radical do you think the difference is between syrians and europeans ? 
  [ this ] ( https://eksisozluk.com/suriyeli-siginmacilar--3488850?p=263 ) is a reddit-like turkish platform , i do n't know if you can make up the gist of it with google translate but people write about their experiences with syrians . 
  most of them are unhappy with the situation . 
  i do n't know , maybe they 're officially registered as inhabitants of turkey , maybe they work there . 
  i personally think that the turkish government does n't want to face international backlash by not allowing them back in . 
  imagine the headlines , turkey denies thousands of poor syrians entry from wartorn syria . 
  though in this case i would n't blame the government at all , if you can go back to a wartorn country to celebrate a religious feast twice a year then obviously you 're not half as suffering as you claim you are . 
  she 's stupid for not thinking things through . 
  how can you declare that your borders are open and not expect people from morocco to bangladesh to freeload off the situation ? 
  she should 've said something like `` we will provide basic amenities like food and housing in shelters to syrians with valid id . 
  no chance of receiving benefits , independent housing , living permit or citizenship without following the legal route to migration '' . 
  russia started bombing terrorist in october 2015 . 
  the loooong stream of migrants started waltzing into europe long before that . 
  try again . 
  pretty sure they would n't even come if we did n't hand out money and apartments like stupid suckers . 
  how about europe 's sovereignty ? 
  why do n't you care about that ? 
  no , you can still feed them , and house them in asylum centers . 
  just do n't give them monthly pay + benefits per child + an apartment and i guarantee you that 80 % will leave . 
  i 'm not at all surprised . 
  i follow turkish news ( roots and all ) , and i 've seen with my own eyes that syrian `` refugees '' in turkey go back to syria every year for eid celebrations . 
  [ this article ] ( http://m.t24.com.tr/haber/41-kisi-bayram-icin-suriyeye-gecti,348500 ) mentions that 41.000 syrians went back to syria for eid in july . 
  [ just three days ago ] ( http://m.t24.com.tr/haber/41-kisi-bayram-icin-suriyeye-gecti,348500 ) 35.000 people crossed the border to syria . 
  and that 's one border checkpoint . 
  [ photo gallery ] ( http://mobil.hurriyet.com.tr/galeri-40124189#p=1 ), 
  yes , the next generation will blame the west for whatever happened in syria , just like how the third ( ! ), 
  generation muslims blame the west for the shitty situation in their home countries . 
  i suspect we 'll see quite a lot of terror attacks carried out by second generation syrians . 
  what ? 
  there is no way that this could be real !, 
  i think most of them are in denial . 
  ooh you 're coming with the erasmus programme ? 
  i thought you were going to pursue a full bachelor 's or master 's degree here . 
  the rules might be different for the erasmus programme . 
  check [ this website ] ( https://duo.nl/particulier/international-student/ ), 
  you think ? 
  shocker . 
  who . 
  would . 
  thought ? 
  so what do they do with their lives in europe that they ca n't do in camps ? 
  once they 've been granted permission to stay in europe , what exactly do they * do * ? 
  they do n't work , they do n't speak the language , they do n't study . 
  they do nothing all day except aimlessly hanging around the city center and procreating . 
  there 's no reason for them to come all the way here .
