  we can help way more people in their region , provide them with prefab housing , build schools , make them work for their money . 
  absolutely yes , once asylum seekers have been granted permission to stay the government is obliged to provide them housing . 
  the apartment should be proportionally big , so a three bedroom for a family of 4 . 
  the principle is that accepted asylum seekers are entitled to the exact same rights as citizens ( minus the right to vote , everything else is the same ) , so they 're entitled to benefits ( the government actually sends out the application for them ) and social housing . 
  there 's a lack of affordable social housing , that 's why the waiting lists are insane . 
  on average the waiting time is 10-15 years , but asylum seekers get preferential treatment , meaning that they get offered an apartment first instead of the number 1 on the waiting list when the apartment goes back on the market . 
  either way this situation frustrates citizens because in this case the asylum seekers get preferential treatment , in the other case the government builds brand new apartments , destined for asylum seekers , from scratch . 
  it angers people because they ask themselves , why could n't the government build extra housing for the citizens years ago ? 
  obviously there 's plenty of money to build extra apartments , why was n't that money spent on more housing for us ? 
  [ here 's a relevant government webpage ] ( https://www.government.nl/topics/asylum-policy/contents/housing-for-residence-permit-holders ), 
  ah , i actually looked this up recently because i have a friend from turkey who wants to study here ( my parents also have turkish roots ) . 
  unfortunately students from turkey are not eligible for any financial aid from the state but you can apply for scholarships . 
  where/what would you like to study ? 
  i 'm a legal expert , i know the laws here . 
  that guy was in germany , i 'm dutch . 
  here you get + / - $ 930 a month per person excluding child benefits and financial aid to help pay for housing and health care . 
  depending on the amount of kids a family receives around $ 1700-2000 a month . 
  without doing jack shit . 
  so every other syrian has relatives in germany and sweden ? 
  hardly plausible . 
  portugal actually asked refugees to apply for relocation . 
  they said they were going to take in 10.000 , but hardly any refugees applied . 
  so you 're saying that there were n't 10.000 syrians without any family in germany and sweden ? 
  impossible . 
  truth of the matter is that `` refugees '' would n't be able to get their investment ( the sum they paid smugglers ) back in portugal , as opposed to germany or sweden where you do n't have to do jack shit to receive benefits till your death . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair that refugees from ukraine are sent back because there 's plenty safe spaces within ukraine , yet syrians are treated like godsend people while there are actual safe places within syria and in the neighbouring countries . 
  i can live with taking some in but do we really have to give them royal apartments and benefits while our own citizens have to wait 10-15 years for social housing ? 
  most of those refugees have ( multiple ) children under the age of 5 , if i were caught up in war procreating would be the absolute last thing on my mind . 
  still does n't change the fact that religion is a choice . 
  no one is born muslim , or christian or whatever . 
  i believe it was your president who had wet dreams of annexing syria 5 years ago . 
  he literally said `` we 'll be having our prayer in sham '', 
  yeah same thing happened with so called `` refugees '' who were given refuge in poland and portugal . 
  they all left to a richer eu state . 
  their motives are obvious , and they should n't be treated as refugees but as economic migrants ( which they are ), 
  because `` refugees '' do n't want to go there . 
  portugal offered to take in 10.000 , only a handful of them went . 
  are n't their motives fairly obvious by now ? 
  nowadays you 're rewarded with a free apartment , handsome monthly pay and child benefits without doing jack shit . 
  religion is also not something you 're born with , it 's a choice . 
  you can * choose * to be muslim , buddhist , christian , etc. 
  it 's not like religion is absolutely unchangeable , like skin color or sexual preference . 
   that 's not a law in any of the member states that a private business can be held to . 
  it most definitely is . 
  eu law supersedes national law . 
  if national law and eu law are in contradiction then eu law * always * goes first . 
   i do n't remember half of europe waiting at the border to personally screen everybody coming in . 
  that is why they knew . 
  no , the average european knew . 
  the paris attacks in november were just a confirmation of what we had been waiting for to happen since the summer . 
  they do n't even have to carry isis flags , common sense will say `` hey , all the borders in europe are open and there are absolutely no body or identity checks whatsoever , what a great opportunity to smuggle weapons and tugs into europe ! '', 
  it 's like giving the keys of disneyland to a group of schoolkids , the schoolkids will ride the rollercoaster and have fun but soon enough word will spread and drunk teenagers will show up , drinking , smoking weed and littering the place , ruining it for everyone . 
  you ca n't leave borders unprotected and not expect malintended people not to use that opportunity . 
   if i may point overseas to muslims in the us -- that shows that muslims can live just like everyone else yeah , do n't . 
  muslims in the us are much better educated and tend to be secular . 
  muslims in europe are generally poorly educated , most of the elders do n't even speak the language of the country they 've been living in for 40 years . 
  the difference between muslims in the us and muslims in europe is huge , and will be even bigger because we took in close to ( or even more than ) 1,5 million and with family reunification and the speed they 're multiplying that number will soon be 5 million . 
  mind you , the muslims causing trouble now were all born and raised in a secular europe , so even being born into prosperity could n't stop them from doing awful things . 
  how do you think people who were born and raised in a radically different culture in the me will fare ? 
  `` secretly '' smuggled into europe ? 
  what 's so secret about this , the average european has known for a whole year that there were isis members among the migrants . 
  politicians must be taking extremely effective sleeping pills at night . 
  nothing else can explain how they 've been sleeping for a year . 
  `` the plane accident '' what . 
  the . 
  actual . 
  how old are you ? 
  because human rights and stuff , meanwhile nobody cares about the human rights of the europeans who will have to live with this mess . 
  i 'm afraid they will pick up people from the libyan coast in the near future . 
  you know , to prevent people from drowning . 
  instead of uh , i do n't know , detering people from taking the journey at all ? 
  you 're a tax paying citizen who will contribute to the state , you and your parents have paid tax for years and that tax money pays for your education now . 
  what have these migrants ever contributed that makes them entitled to free education ? 
  you sound like you have taken the journey yourself . 
  there are safe zones in syria you know , and plenty in turkey . 
  there 's no need to come all the way here , except to mooch off the state . 
  and i have been to belgium countless times , but unlike you i do n't look up tuition fees before i visit a country . 
  really ? 
  because in the netherlands tuition costs 2000 euros , plus you have to buy books and stuff . 
  it 's not free . 
  you can loan money from the state but you need to pay back every cent . 
  i doubt these migrants paid anything at all . 
  where can i apply for a free university education , all expenses paid ? 
  i was n't specifically talking about schools , but social life in general . 
  when i walk through the city center i always see turks or moroccons grouping together , they 're never in a mixed multiethnical group . 
  if you were to go to germany you would be in a totally new foreign country , the turks and moroccons i 'm talking about were born and raised here . 
  they have no excuses . 
   if moroccan students were to become the majority in a school , they would have their own big clique and start discriminating this is also true when they 're not the majority , at least where i live . 
  everywhere you go moroccons and turks tend to group together , you rarely see a mixed group . 
  lpt : do n't be an idiot . 
  was greece supposed to look after their own poor citizens or cater to the wishes of immigrants who illegally crossed the border of a sovereign country ? 
  greece has enough problems as it is without worrying about migrants . 
  stop bitching and pretending like you know me . 
  you do n't know shit about me , you do n't know squat about what i see and experience . 
  crawl back into the cave you escaped from , bitte . 
  i know , hence my question . 
  germany is going to have a reaaaaally though time sending them back , i can guarantee you that they will not succeed without force . 
  those migrants paid ( invested ) big bucks to be able to do absolutely nothing and receive benefits in a rich welfare state . 
  going back to greece would mean throwing away their investment . 
  i have no intention of forgetting , i live in a fairly multicultural city so i actually see daily what more muslim immigration will cause .
