  i know , but they see that they 're being catered to , so at least some of what the smugglers say must be true , right ? 
  if they would see on the news that europe is forcing them out , however , maybe they 'd spare themselves the journey . 
  sleep well , if you still think that the majority of them come from libya and syria . 
  when is europe going to send people back ? 
  more camps will only attract more migrants . 
  enough is enough . 
  do they really think that migrants will just accept to be sent back to greece ? 
  funny how you do n't understand that there 's only one she who had a huuuuge part in the migrant crisis . 
  names not even needed to know who i 'm talking about . 
  she clearly said that syrians would n't be denied asylum , causing hundreds of thousands of young males from the middle east and north africa to pretend to be from syria . 
  do they even care about the actual inhabitants of calais and the lorry drives whose lives they 're making miserable ? 
  a friend of mine has been banned from entering the uk for 10 years because she tried to catch a connecting flight to ireland in england with a schengen visa . 
  honest mistake . 
  seeing these double standards makes me so mad . 
  illegals , who we have no idea of who they are and where they come from and what their intentions are , are allowed to roam freely in europe . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , being in a sovereign country without valid travel documents and visa is grounds for deportation and an x-year ban from reentering . 
  so what ? 
  he would n't know it 's me , it 's pretty crowded where i live . 
  i believe there 's actually a law that says that you ca n't deny someone their freedom . 
  i might have to go to the police . 
  poor woman . 
  can you read ? 
  i said yet . 
  it sure is , i 've been wanting to go to the police but i do n't know if it will make matters worse . 
  her teenage son and husband are in the backyard all the time , i have only seen the woman once in all the years i live here . 
  that one time she hid her body and a part of her face behind the curtain and asked her husband , who was in the backyard , something . 
  he went nuts and she quickly disappeared inside . 
  if i go to the police he may think that she notified them . 
  what is the police going to do anyway , split her from her husband and son ? 
  i 'm conflicted about what to do . 
  think again , my muslim neighbor even washes the windows himself because he does n't allow his wife to go outside , not even in the backyard . 
  uhm , as if they care about illegal . 
  if you say something they 'll scream racism or islamophobia . 
  my moroccon muslim neighbor , who lives directly opposite of me , locks his wife in the house 24/7 . 
  i know because she had the audacity to hide her body behind a curtain and ask her husband something while he was working in the backyard . 
  he scolded het and she hastily went inside . 
  she 's not even allowed in the backyard . 
  i saw the guy washing the windows a couple weeks back . 
  this is all happening in the netherlands . 
  i ca n't imagine how badly women are treated in countries where it 's perfectly okay to treat women like trash . 
   islam is n't a political movement in europe . 
  yet . 
  you might want to look up nida , a dutch islamic political party . 
  yes it expires 70 years after someone 's death . 
  you pretty much said everything i wanted to say . 
  i disagree , shristianity does n't encompasses every aspect of christian people 's lives the way islam is weaved into muslim 's day-to-day lives . 
  comparing christianity and islam does n't make sense to me because islam is much more political , it strives world domination , the goal is to not stop until every single person on earth is muslim . 
  absolutely not , they have never made sense . 
  which is crazy . 
  a stranger sees no difference between your own hair and a wig . 
  if you 're going to wear a wig , why not just show your own hair ? 
  in muslim countries culture and religion are very much intertwined . 
  culture is heavily influenced by islam . 
  way to prove that religious people have weird clothing customs . 
  nice diatribe but this is the europe sub . 
  i do n't care how they do it over there . 
   so now i 've pretty much rejected everything and do n't identify with any nationality . 
  i just identify as myself way to be completely ungrateful towards a country that has raised and schooled you and gave you plenty of opportunities to work , study and live your life in peace . 
  pretty sure the numbers in germany are the same or even higher , otherwise the 1 million migrants you welcomed last year would 've all come here . 
  i 'm not twisting anything you dingbat . 
  those are the official numbers . 
  please show me evidence of how much money they ( statushouders ) actually get in * your * narrowminded world view ? 
  the numbers i have posted are correct . 
  each migrant whose application has been approved gets $ 910 a month * minimum * . 
  that 's a cold hard fact that you ca n't dispute , ever . 
  and if you had any brains in your head you 'd understand from my username that i 'm not a ` he ' . 
  pretty sure the numbers are pretty much the same in germany , if not higher considering more than 1 million migrants literally walked all the way there . 
  no way in hell would they do that for $ 150 a month . 
  no one can live on $ 150/month in germany . 
  the actual number is at least 10 times that . 
  no , they do n't go back afterwards . 
  once they 're in europe they 're here forever , unless we force them out . 
  `` over there '' = that region . 
  we can set up safe zones and build huge camps . 
  bringing them to europe is not the ( only ) solution because they 'll continue their petty cultural/religious fights in europe . 
  lol . 
  i was specifically talking about people * who have been granted asylum * , migrants who have permission to stay are entitled to government benefits . 
  i do n't know the numbers in germany but in the netherlands it 's 910 euros a month , 1300 for a married couple , excluding financial help to pay for rent ( $ 250/month ) , financial help to pay for healthcare ( $ 80/month ) , child benefits ( $ 197 - $ 282 per child per three monts depending on the child 's age ) . 
  so yes , you can absofuckinglutely save up money and buy a car when your asylum request has been approved . 
  helping them does n't mean letting them live in europe . 
  we can help them over there . 
  no need for them to come here . 
  some of them have been granted asylum so they do have a government sponsored house . 
  the car is bullshit , though they can save up and buy one with the generous monthly pay they receive . 
  wut , somehow i never realized that jesse klaver and trudeau look alike ahahah, 
  when did trump say something about killing terrorists ' families ? 
  why should you vote cdu , who started this madness in the first place ? 
  are they able to solve the problem ? 
  i speak for the netherlands , the financial benefits are way too high . 
  monthly welfare ( bijstand ) is 940 euros per single adult . 
  married couples receive 1320 euros . 
  financial aid for rent ( huurtoeslag ) : depends on income and rent but average is 250 euros a month . 
  financial aid for healthcare ( zorgtoeslag ) = + / -80 euros a month . 
  add to this child benefits ( kinderbijslag ) , 200-300 euros per child per 3 months , extra child benefits ( kindgebonden budget ) + / - 250 euros a month plus subsidized apartments and the luxury to never have to work or integrate or speak the language and you 'll understand why migrants flock to europe . 
  if the eu stops handing out free money to people who have never contributed anything to the host country the migrant crisis would n't exist anymore . 
  he was muslim . 
  his motives were n't related to islam but he was muslim nonetheless . 
  why do you expect miracles of afd while cdu is n't doing jack shit to solve the problems they created ? 
  i actually went to a christian ( basis ) school , you do n't need to tell me anything about christiany because i actually know more than you about the subject . 
  `` people like you '' what the fuck are you talking about ?
