  working on sundays pays 100 % extra , not 50 % . 
  people love working on sundays because it essentially means working for two days . 
  but the eu gives turkey financial assistance . 
  turkey gets $ 4,8 billion between 2014 and 2020 . 
  only an insignificant amount of people speak german in belgium . 
  belgian people are already struggling with integrating flemish and wallonian people , should they add german to every road sign and pamflet ? 
  it 's not worth it for such a small group of people , english makes way more sense seeing as those most wanted could be anywhere in the world . 
  and i do n't think i said anything that could amount to not being nice , just pointing out that no one would even consider german an offical language in belgium because it 's only spoken in a very specific region . 
  french and dutch are belgium 's official languages and english is pretty obvious , why should german be there ? 
  he also destroyed 4 imacs and a macbook, 
  the only potheads here are the tourists , and no local sets one foot in the red light district . 
  but why ? 
  are you talking about english speaking dutch people ? 
  because as a dutch person i find the dutch accent godawful , dutch people speak english with a very , very distinct accent that sounds like nails on a chalkboard . 
  i wish it sounded cute like french or spanish people speaking english but the dutch accent is very harsh and ugly in my opinion :(, 
  yeah i 'm sure they did nothing . 
  come visit a big western european city on friday night . 
  i know what i experience , these people are no sweethearts but you seem to be wearing a nice pair of big black sunglasses . 
  they engage in mob violence because the young adult male foreigners intimidate people and cause problems that were n't there before . 
  because thousands of bored young males from mena hanging around town has never proven to be a disaster . 
  well this is what you get . 
  large groups of single , young adult male foreigners who have nothing to do all day except to hang around town . 
  even if they do nothing their presence can be perceived as intimidating . 
  give them something to do , keep them off the streets . 
  language courses and volunteers work would be a good start . 
  make them work for their meal like everyone else . 
   since these people are only temporarily living as refugees who will most likely return once the situation is fixed in the middle east . 
  wishful thinking, 
  you know besides this i 'm also worried about how it 's going to work out . 
  you have thousands upon thousands of unemployed people from a different culture . 
  what are they going to do all day ? 
  i expect they 'll just hang out in groups , which can be intimidating especially for women . 
  you need to make them work for their money , if there 's no paid work they could do volunteer work like sweeping leafs or picking up trash . 
  besides language courses of course . 
   `` all mosques and islam schools closed , ban of quran . '', 
  islamic schools should be banned , the quality of the education they offer is non-existent and they seperate boys and girls . 
  what kind of person are these little children going to grow into when they learn that women and men are not equal ? 
  the quran has no place in a classroom and should be taught elsewhere . 
  the same goes for catholic schools and other ` bijzonder onderwijs ' . 
  all schools should be public , no exceptions allowed . 
  banning mosques is n't necessary but for the love of all that 's good and holy they really should ban the construction of those hideous big mosques and only house mosques in neutral buildings . 
  i 'm sure people would have a lot less problems with mosques if the buildings looked neutral from the outside . 
   to become even more alienated from society they 're already alienated from society . 
  do you honestly think a woman wearing a full-on burqa is able to participate in society ? 
  yeah for now they are , let 's see if they stay put if that ban is lifted . 
  we need to keep them in the area for the sake of syria 's future . 
  turkey is n't treating syrians like slaves , you do n't even know what you 're talking about . 
  many syrians have bought property in turkey and have opened shops , restaurants etc. 
  many more go to school , work , study and speak decent turkish . 
  u/manupatton and u/mithras _ stormborn can tell you more . 
  most syrians lead a very decent life in turkey but it does n't come easy ( nor should it be ) , they have to make an effort ( work or study ) . 
  the reason so many of them `` flee '' to europe is because in europe we like to hand out free cash to everyone without them doing a single thing in return . 
  who are you to tell them where they should go ? 
  same in the netherlands . 
  no rumors so far about bringing it back though fortunately . 
  they are far more likely to go back to syria to rebuild if they stay in the vicinity . 
  if they go to the usa or europe they 'll never set another foot in syria again . 
  so yeah i agree that those people need to be grounded in that region . 
  there 's more of an incentive to go back to syria if they stay in turkey . 
  if they go to europe they 'll never ever go back home . 
  really effective way to kill someone, 
  illegals are alien by definition, 
  it did n't , but people like to blame the west for every fucking little thing . 
  then do n't write bullshit in the first place . 
  so what is a neutral source ? 
   because it 's in our interest to get them a proper education to stop them from blowing up great , so if we do n't give them what they demand pronto they 're going to blow themselves up . 
  really low maintenance relaxed easy going people that everyone would be thrilled to host !, 
   traditionally we both hate turkey . 
  wow , what an intellectual argument to bond over . 
  if they hate turkey so much could you arrange for the 2 million syrian leeches in turkey to be picked up by greek volunteers ? 
  then you can make a bonfire and swap stories about your common enemy . 
  i 'm sure the $ 25 is only for when they live in asylum centers , when they move to independent housing they receive a lot more . 
  i 'm going out on a limb here and say identification . 
  what 's wrong with that website ? 
  when were we asked if we approve ? 
  show me a solid source of swedish gangs who went shooting around each other . 
  allot is not a word . 
  stereotypes are there for a reason . 
  these women do n't exactly scream `` europe , i 'm enlightened and emancipated enough to embrace your values '' . 
  every single day i see people like that and none of them deviate from the description . 
  they 're only there to serve their husbands and push out babies each year , and cook and clean . 
  harsh but it 's the reality , however much you want to believe that it 's not . 
  the gang problems were precisely due to immigrants , do n't talk like native swedes were terrorizing the place before criminal immigrants formed gangs . 
  of course it 's normal , but it means that it 's going to take years and fuckloads of money an patience before they can actually contribute anything to society . 
  even then , the percentage of migrants who 's even willing to work/study is low . 
  the bulk of them are economic migrants who only felt safe when they landed in the richest welfare states . 
  there 's no need to fool ourselves , the majority of them are never going to put in any effort to integrate , learn the language or work . 
  i do n't want to sound too stigmatizing but you can get that if you look at photos of the migrants who have come here . 
  women in long coats and headscarfs and 4-5 kids do n't exactly scream emancipation and indepence . 
  neither do the guys following these women . 
  not true , for example the party that 's in power in the netherlands is against migration but thanks to eu treaties that were signed years ago they ca n't really do anything about it . 
  plus , we only vote for the european parliament once every five years and it 's not like they actually listen to the european citizens . 
  i do n't remember voting for merkel , a tiran who gets to unilaterally dictate what we should and should n't do . 
  for christ 's sake the freaking uk voted out because the eu is a big bureaucratic undemocratic mess . 
  you ca n't honestly say that we actually vote the eu leaders into power , it does n't work in actuality . 
  my thoughts every time i read one of your naive lefty statement . 
  i guess the blame lies more with your country than with libya what with going to pick migrants up from the shorelines and such . 
  as an italian you really ought to know better , shame that you do n't . 
   secularism is still one of the value of the union not really true seeing how italy , spain and poland are highly religious, 
  i do n't know where you heard what you heard but the complete opposite is true .
