  non-religious people generally do n't have any problems with christian holidays . 
  as an atheist i really enjoy christmas and i like easter too . 
  muslims on the other hand are really hostile against christian holidays . 
  there are protest against christmas \u00e1nd new year 's celebrations in turkey each and every single year . 
  is this a movie script ? 
  you 're right , i guess the only thing we can do is wait for the 20th of january and see how it 's all going to play out . 
  for everyone 's sake i hope they 'll decide on a policy that will end the war soon . 
  your knowledge is extensive and you make really good points but really , trump is a big question mark for everyone . 
  the conflict wo n't end for years to come if one superpower ( russia ) keeps backing assad and the other superpower ( usa ) keeps supporting `` rebels '' ( whoever they are ) . 
  a common solution is needed . 
  i know that trump has attacked iran and castro but at the same time he 's looking to improve relationships with someone who one would consider a dictator/autocrat ( putin ) . 
  sometimes you need to negotiate with the devil for the bigger picture , like the eu making a deal with erdo\u011fan . 
  trump is going to back assad , together with russia . 
  rte is bat shit crazy but even he would n't dare to go toe to toe with both the us and russia . 
   it means you can do whatever you want , but you can not make others do what you want . 
  lol no that is absolutely not what it means . 
  u/yosiema is right . 
  i think that a guy who has been living in a full-on islamic dictatorship knows way more about safety implications of burqas than you . 
  way to be a judgemental dick . 
  no , people with a medical condition are n't fucked because the sun does n't shine inside buildings now does it ? 
  it 's our land dammit !, 
   i am not denying the luftwaffe should come back and bomb some of rotterdam what does this even mean ? 
   nobody is bringing them over here . 
  they are coming ... that is quite a difference . 
  they come here and we pick them up halfway through and bring them to the eu . 
  migrants are being picked up and * brought * to italy . 
  last year they were * brought * to greece . 
  pick them up and drop them off whence they came and they 'll get the message . 
  do you think turkey only benefits from tourism in the summer ? 
  millions of people visit istanbul , and the weather stays relatively warm on the southern coast during the winter . 
  maybe if you head brains in your empty head you could understand that i was specifically talking about their offspring . 
  by that time it was fucking obvious that the guest workers were not leaving . 
  their offspring was born and raised in europe and they were educated in europe . 
  the original guest workers have a free pass i guess because they were n't properly accomodated but there 's absolutely no excuse for the third generation and onwards to act like spoilt brats who hate their birth country and long for a country that could n't even provide for their parents and grandparents . 
  what xenophobic rhetoric ? 
  he has been married to foreign ladies twice for crying out loud . 
  deporting illegals has nothing to do with xenophobia , a term that has lost all meaning because people like to use it without caution these days . 
  you do n't know what motivated every single one of them to vote trump . 
  calling 60 + million people retards and neonazis says a lot more about you than it says about them . 
   that 's because they do n't really feel part of the society they live in . 
  that generation of guest workers never assimilated properly into society . 
  turkey for them is a distant place that feels like home because their only connection is through family and in europe they are `` turkish '' . 
  oh yeah i guess it 's our fault that their offspring , who was born and raised and educated here , never got a chance to properly integrate . 
  silly us for not accomodating their wishes better . 
  what an incredibly offensive and shortsighted thing to say , i 'm appalled . 
  you 're basically equating * all * ukip and trump supporters with neonazis and act like they 're one big homogenous group . 
  it also tells me you do n't even know what the fuck you are talking about when it comes to turkey 's internal politics because the conservative electorate is more motivated by islam and hate and fear of the west than anything else . 
  i deal with them every single fucking day trust me . 
  what a sour loser you are , the only retard , more so than any akp voter , i see here is * you * . 
   i would get the fuck out of the country and start a life in western europe . 
  but if every secular person thought that way , the country would become hell for those who remain . 
  if every secular person left then only the islamist akp electorate would remain . 
  frankly , they 'd be living in a country they deserve . 
  maybe then , after living in a full-on rte dictatorship , would they realize how fucked up he is . 
  i speak for the netherlands now but i ca n't imagine the laws to be much different in germany : here those years do count . 
   this is more than just erdogan but rather the rise of political islam in turkey , the undermining of democracy and human rights there . 
  yeah and who do you think is responsible for that ? 
  * break, 
  so how are poles able to collect benefits in the netherlands ? 
  you can apply for a passport because you 're a citizen . 
  you do n't need to apply for a passport though . 
  i have a second citizenship besides dutch ( which has been granted to me automatically ) and i 've never applied for a passport yet i 'm still a citizen . 
  morocco emposes a name list in the netherlands , meaning that if you go to city hall to register your moroccan baby 's name the name * has * to be on the list that morocco has provided . 
  they interfere with naming a dual dutch citizen , that 's how far they go . 
  this has got to be a troll post . 
  it 's really funny if it is a troll post , even funnier if you 're serious . 
  uhh , yes it does . 
  same applies to turkey and many other countries . 
  some dutch guy i know lives abroad and his daughter , who has never been in the netherlands and does n't speak a word of dutch is still a dutch citizen . 
  so technically yes , you could revoke one passport and send people to the country of their second citizenship . 
  maybe france should reinstate such a law . 
  familes are tight-knit in muslim communities , maybe terrorists stop being terrorists when they know their families will suffer the consequences of their actions . 
   i mean mohamed is their prophet and he was one of the most peaceful people i can think of . 
  lololololol please read some islamic history before making such a ridiculous statement . 
  he spread his ideology by the sword and physically forced people to convert , or die . 
  he captured people and kept the males as slaves and the females as sex slaves . 
  * nothing * about mohammed is even remotely peaceful . 
   do you think it is possible to ship people to a country they are n't citizens of moroccans are n't allowed to give up their moroccon citizenship so yes they 're definitely citizens of that country . 
  that 's a ridiculous waste of money , time , resources and effort . 
  if you do n't bring them here , you do n't have to send them back . 
  how many ? 
  yeah and now they take a detour and come from the african coast . 
  nothing has changed , except that people from all kinds of nations took her words as an invite . 
  people in her position should n't make shortsighted spur in the moment decisions . 
  she should 've thought things through , and more importantly discussed with other nations before making decions that would affect europe as a whole . 
  i 'm talking about a group of illegald who set their camp on fire , looted shops and terrorized the locals . 
  there 's absolutely no excuse for that . 
  prison is like a hotel for them , send them back whence they came . 
   all the while this is still being an abuse of the asylum status . 
  it really is n't , this is exactly what the asylum system was designed for , and they are exactly the kind of migrants that europe could use . 
  intelligent , critical thinkers , highly educated and secular . 
  the exact opposite of the migrants that europe took in by the dozens . 
  i would say they went completely off track after gezi in 2013 . 
  dutch and german accent sound nothing alike though ... 
  the majority does n't rule , oftentimes parties have to form a coalition and work together . 
  like i said , if democracy meant that the majority rules minorities would have a tough time . 
  if anything , democracy ensures that minorities are represented . 
  you do n't need to get 51 % of the votes to rule in a majority . 
  working together is inherently the essence of democracy . 
  the majority does n't rule , oftentimes parties have to form a coalition and work together .
