  i did n't say that we should abolish religious freedom fucktard . 
  their relatives will just come to europe and look for them . 
  if it ends very badly one or both ends up dead . 
  would n't be the first time unfortunately ... 
  who the hell are you ? 
  do n't you think the relatives will follow them to europe and look for them ? 
  would n't be the first time . 
  not this christianity bullshit again . 
  ca n't you criticize islam without talking about christiany ? 
  they 're two seperate religions . 
  keep importing muslims , they 'll just continue fighting on european soil . 
  how do muslims expect us to fully accept them if they did n't even manage to accept * each other * over the course of 1400 years ? 
  what if filthy rich arabs pay to book 5 private burkini swimming days a week ? 
  yes i am a good atheist . 
  what 's it to you ? 
  atheism does n't say anything about prefering one religoon over the over . 
  i think they 're all bullshit but i do n't have a personal problem with any of them except for islam because it actually negatively affects my personal life . 
  do i need your permission ? 
  considering the turks opposing erdo are generally highly educated it 's safe to say that a swap would actually see surgeons and lawyers come to europe . 
  so where do the females and children stay after the male has gone out on his journey to europe ? 
  in a war zone ? 
  then the males are sick fucks for leaving vulnerable people behind in war zones . 
  in safe places ? 
  then they do n't need to be granted asylum . 
  i would say you come together or you do n't come at all . 
  rightly so . 
  resettling them in papua is still helping them is it not ? 
  they provide them with a safe place to live and work . 
  anything more is luxury . 
  kinda contradictory then that she let thousands of burqa clad women march into her country if she did n't want them wearing that . 
  ah , the censorship is in full force . 
  how did you manage to spell negotiations wrong not one , but five times ? 
  * their , and get real she 's definitely saying that because people 's anger will only grow bigger the more crimes committed by migrants are reported . 
  the scary thing is that we on this side of the border hardly ever hear of these things happening over there . 
  i read about ladenburger 's murder just yesterday . 
  german media must be working around the clock to cover up migrant crimes . 
  even if they 're fleeing war , famine , poverty etc they will find a way to make people just as miserable over here . 
  bringing them here wo n't solve anything , it will only create more problems down the road . 
  look at turks who have been living in europe for three generations . 
  they fight out their conflicts with kurdish people or g\u00fclenists on european soil . 
  it would be a very naive thought to think that migrants leave their problems in their homeland . 
  in 15 years syrian people 's offspring will blame the big bad west for the syrian civil war and we 'll likely be left with a new terror wave . 
  she 's feeling the people 's anger after maria ladenburger 's murder by an afghan migrant . 
  so according to people here norway , sweden and germany are either actively deporting afghans or they 're planning to . 
  so they 'll go to sweden , or the netherlands . 
  they wo n't return home as long as they know that there are some countries they can still go to . 
  if they have n't they soon will . 
  i still have n't figured out how r2d2 crossed that bridge . 
  good job norway !, 
  this should be an eu-wide measure because now those afghans are probably off to sweden or germany . 
  if they know they 'll get deported from * any * european country maybe they 'd give up the fight and accept that they 're going home . 
  i 'm not talking about neighbors in the literal sense , i 'm talking about all of europe . 
  what you guys decide internally affects us all . 
  people who have n't been granted asylum by you just cross the border and come here . 
  in this day and age , especially with schengen , thinking that your internal policy does n't affect every one us is very naive . 
  you make good points but is there a reason why the uk would deny them visas ? 
  the eu is in the hands of a mind-boggingly stupid woman who does n't have the capacity to think more than two days ahead . 
  your laws affect the whole continent though . 
  might be time to stop being selfish and start thinking about your neighbors . 
   refugees dont have freedom of movement , we are not in schengen anyway they will , once they have obtained a residency permit, 
  that 's why she should n't be making decisons that 's going to negatively affect the whole continent . 
  * relatively * rich is what my sentence says . 
  they 're doing pretty okay , compared to other north african countries . 
  oh you mean the netherlands is right next to syria ? 
  they have no issues walking thousands of kilometers , they can walk a few more . 
  if we broker a deal with morocco they would be transported there of course . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  you ca n't shop around for the richest countries . 
  i have lots of secular , university educated turkish friends who would love to work in europe but guess what , the application process is extremely long , hard and expensive . 
  it is n't fair that so-called refugees get to pick and choose the richest countries . 
  beggars ca n't be choosers , therefore i 'm also of the opinion that `` refugees '' who leave a country where they 've been resettled should lose all privileges and every chance of getting a residency permit . 
  every european citizen has to play by the rules , what should we make an exception for syrians ? 
  i was exclusively talking about young moroccan males who took advantage of the migrant crisis . 
  most of the perpetrators of the cologne attack were moroccans , they know they have no chance of getting a residency permit and they have no intention of working either . 
  that should n't matter because if we were to make a deal with morocco they would be transported there . 
  hence my question : why do n't we encourage them to go to morocco ? 
  it 's a stable muslim land . 
  they 'd be living amongst their muslim brothers . 
  no time wasted on language courses . 
  there 's plenty of empty land where we could build prefab homes and schools . 
  we should actively discourage people from viewing north western european rich welfare states as the only place where they can start a new life . 
  culturally and linguistically they have more in common with north africans than with europeans . 
  morocco is a relatively rich and stable muslims country where syrians would be able to work and start a new life . 
  it would take much less effort integrating them into moroccan society . 
  they do n't need language courses so no time wasted , they do n't need silly integration courses where they learn how to respect women , they do n't need to ask for special exemptions and accomodations for their faith because they would already be living in a muslim country . 
  aw thank you kind stranger < 3, 
  they 're not looking for any job anywhere , they 're looking to munch on social benefits . 
  that 's odd , but i 'm not really talking about camps . 
  i 'm talking about giving syrians jobs in morocco . 
  culturally and linguistically syrians and moroccans have more in common than syrians and any western country . 
  they would have much less problems integrating , finding a job and starting a life in a north-african country , so why is n't europe more pushing for that ? 
  we can fund the building of apartments and schools in those countries . 
  bringing people here will only create more migrants crises . 
  there should n't be a cap on how many we help , but there should definitely be a cap on how many we can help * on european soil * . 
  why does n't morocco take in ( more ) syrians ? 
  with the same amount of money we can help much more people elsewhere . 
  are you planning to go back to syria ? 
  honest question . 
  turkey is full of muslims who are fundamentally opposed to celebrating christmas and new year 's eve . 
  they protest every single year .
