what job do they think they are going to get in a totally foreign country they do n't speak the language of ? 
  they do n't even have residency permits at that point . 
  you ca n't just say i 'm going to work in germany and waltz into the country . 
  do you know how costly and lengthy the application process is for skilled migrants who legit come here to work and contribute ? 
  zalgiris kaunas is n't too shabby either , they 're regulars in the euroleague, 
  the shelter in your country looks more like people living there permanently , at least for extended periods of time , correct ? 
  here you pay per night so i guess everyone has to pack up their stuff and leave in the morning to prevent it from turning into a place where people start to live permanently . 
  i would like to see your face when you drown in your own naivity . 
  yeah sure there may be 510 million inhabitants in europe but as this article proves yet again those migrants are n't spread evenly throughout europe , they are clustered in very , very specific areas . 
  that is not a recipe for disaster at all / s smfh, 
  i do n't think tourists would want to sleep there . 
  homeless people are notorious for being drunkards or drug addicts . 
  the good thing is that they mainly stay off the street . 
  some of them have jobs selling newspapers . 
  there 's a famous church that serves food for them . 
  they 're looked after . 
  i had to google , but it seems like it 's a [ big room with rows of bunk beds ] ( http://static1.persgroep.net/parool/image/d9a223aa-0ddc-4606-84ff-30e075eccbb6?width=664&amp;height=374 ) . 
  this photo is from amsterdam though but i imagine the concept is the same in rotterdam . 
  in the netherlands lawyers are aligned to help `` refugees '' who did n't get a residency permit . 
  the legal processes take years , by that time they 've made plenty of anchor babies and they get on national television and cry and whine that their children have built a whole life here . 
  then lefties jump aboard the `` they should stay '' train and voila exceptions are made and thousands of people get brand new citizenships, 
  they did because of shortsighted people like you who only make short-term plans to pat themselves on the back . 
  `` oh i helped thousands of economic migrants to flood europe , how nobel of me , i must be gandhi 's long lost son '', 
  georgia is n't europe . 
  and there 's tons of differences between muslims . 
  for example muslims in the us tend to be better educated and integrate better . 
  most moslims in europe come from rural , uneducated backgrounds and have a plethora of problems . 
  there are plenty of safe spaces in syria . 
  turkey is a big country and relatively safe . 
  they do n't need to come all the way here . 
  so what exactly makes them entitled to * our * money ? 
  we paid taxes all of our lives , they did n't . 
  why should we have to give them benefits ? 
  a place to sleep , dinner , showers , toilets , and some pocket money for personal stuff is all that you need to survive . 
  they do n't need to be given their own apartments , they do n't need to be given close to $ 2000 in benefits each month . 
  you certainly do n't have to pay them benefits per child just so they can do nothing all day but reproduce . 
  there 's plenty of safe spaces even within syria . 
  i saw a recent photo of young boys and girls sitting in a cafe in syria like 2 months ago . 
  why ca n't they go there ? 
  living in portugal would be a dream for most people , even europeans , yet it 's not good enough for people supposedly fleeing war and famine . 
  because its awesome woohoo !, 
  appreciate all the love people have for this city \u2764, 
  no , there are homeless shelters where they sleep for 1 euro a night . 
  i rarely ever see homeless people . 
  cycling on that bridge is living hell . 
  i always cross the other bridge because it 's much shorter and less steep, 
  that 's funny , the erasmus bridge is nicknamed the swan and your bridge looks exactly like one !, 
  well yeah this picture was taken from the euromast , one of the highest points in the city . 
  you can capture most landmarks on one photo . 
  if you were to take a photo from the maastoren or de rotterdam building some landmarks would be missing from the photo . 
  i 'm a rotterdam native so obviously i 'm biased but i love this city so much . 
  it 's unique and inspiring , and constantly renewing itself . 
  plenty of museums , some great cinemas , the summer festivals are fantastic , there 's great caf\u00e9s and bars . 
  there 's a maritime museum and there 's a cruise ship that 's permanently docked in the katendrecht district and serves as a hotel , plus you can get drinks at the deck . 
  it 's full of hidden gems . 
  amsterdam , antwerp , brussels , paris , the ruhr cities are all pretty close too . 
  take a weekend trip and come see the city for yourself !, 
  me too !, 
  oude haven and veerhaven are still pretty authentic places too, 
  yeah i know there 's been lots of exposure but in reality very little tourists come here . 
  people prefer amsterdam and even if they do bother to come to rotterdam they only stay for a day and go back to amsterdam the same day . 
  me neither , i 'm not complaining just wondering . 
  i 'm from rotterdam so the more exposure the better !, 
  thats the newly built markthal ( market hall ) , it 's jam packed with small food shops and little caf\u00e9s / restaurants and supermarkets . 
  the outer building houses apartments . 
  i love that area , it 's right in the middle of the city center and there are a couple more interesting buildings in the vicinity . 
  rotterdam dares to be different , and has no issues with trying out new things . 
  that 's why the city is an interesting mix between modern and new architecture and old buildings that wonderfully managed to survive the ww2 bombings . 
  i 'm glad that the city is slowly getting rid of the 50 's postwar architecture though . 
  it takes a uh ... * special * kinda taste to call the giant midget * majestic * * wink, 
  i think juncker is more ignorant to europe than he realizes . 
  if you exclude the trashy tourist toilet that is amsterdam, 
  what 's up with the rotterdam love today ? 
  second post in a row about 010 . 
  yeah i know right , i hate that it gets totally overlooked by everyone . 
  bonus points : fewer annoying tourists . 
  however i 've noticed many more tourists since the opening of markthal . 
  those are [ kubuswoningen ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=kubuswoningen+rotterdam&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;prmd=imvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj50refhqpqahxkmbokhrqdakyq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=559 ) , the famous yellow cube houses . 
  the big cube houses a hostel and the rest of the cubes are apartments , one museum and several businesses like a nail studio . 
  a couple of my friends used to live in one of the cubes , they had a built-in sofa and their kitchen was made to fit because of those weird angles . 
  really interesting architecture !, 
  thanks for not calling it rotterdam-the hague airport, 
  because kabouter buttplug is in the city center , what you see on the photo is kop van zuid , rijnhaven and maashaven, 
  my hometown !, 
  i can see my apartment on this photo , lol, 
  * every single one of them * is erdo\u011fan 's little bitch . 
  ahmet davuto\u011flu dared to go against him and tadaaa he was replaced soon after . 
  too late , the prime minister and leader of opposition party mhp were in talks about the presidential system today . 
  they both promised to do everything in their power to make the system reality . 
  whenever erdo need something devlet bah\u00e7eli rushes to his aid . 
  tell me something that 's more ridiculous than a prime minister campaigning for a presidential system . 
  i think you meant to say `` if i * were * a wall company '' or even better `` if i had ... '', 
  you seem knowledgeable , could you please explain how trump & putin being friendly is worse than trump & putin being not so friendly ? 
  right-wing outrage media ? 
  have you * seen * how negatively trump has been portrayed for months ? 
  i 've never seen such biased reporting . 
  the media pushed really really hard for a clinton win . 
  if you are a wall company ? 
  when i was a student and worked parttime in retail i loved working weekends . 
  friday nights meant 25 % extra , saturdays 50 % and sundays 100 % even though i live in a big dutch city where sunday openings have been common for more than a decade,
