  definitely not easy for turks to get schengen visa , definitely not just paperwork and the fee is definitely not small . 
  costs a lot of money actually which only well-off people can afford , that 's why turkish tourists are generally highly educated and secular people . 
   if every country takes in a share , the refugees can work on a better future , and provide a base for stability in their country after the war the problem is that they do n't . 
  only a teeny tiny fraction of refugees actually work . 
  they do n't even clean their own living spaces . 
  learning the language and acquiring skills will take years . 
  and seeing as they 've paid a lot of money to come to europe in the first place i sincerely doubt that they have any intentions of going back . 
   people will come regardless not if they know they 'll be sent back on the next plane . 
  you mean protecting our territories and telling them to stop sending illegals would trigger a war with them ? 
   the libyan people would have to agree with it . 
  when were the european people asked if they agree with an endless stream of welfare munching migrants ? 
  there 's no point . 
  you will only waste time , money , resources and effort because they wo n't stay in hungary . 
  save them and then bring them back to libya . 
  if you do that consistently for two weeks they 'll see that there is no point and then they wo n't come -  lives will be saved . 
  your country should n't be picking up migrants from the libyan coast . 
  i 'm just curious , even if hungary accepted to take in x amount of muslim migrants , does anyone honestly think that they 're going to settle in hungary ? 
  they 'll be on the train to germany by nightfall . 
  well you do truly make the most of it !, 
  from the netherlands ? 
  why is it illegal for them to smuggle people but volunteers can run rampant trying to get as many migrants as possible to the european mainland ? 
   then go to the country where they 're most likely to get work nice joke . 
  most of them do n't come to work because there is no work for 1 + million foreigners . 
  if they had any intention of working they would spread across europe . 
  aww , did i hurt your feelings ? 
  you 're the one who ignorantly assumed that i assumed things . 
  i did n't , i actually know the laws . 
  if you actually had any reading comprehension you 'd understand what i meant when i said * usually * . 
  does n't mean that residency permit leads to citizenship every single time . 
  but people who 've come that far will usually try to obtain citizenship . 
  nope , still illegal . 
  applying for asylum does n't automatically mean that they 'll be granted residency permit . 
  yeah exactly , but this guy acts like a residency permit never leads to citizenship . 
  a residency permit makes obtaining citizenship a lot easier . 
  you know what they say about people with reading incomprehension ? 
  easy there tiger , they 're still illegal . 
  usually permanent residency leads to citizenship though . 
  i know right , the president of freaking turkey has bought his diploma , i do n't trust that people who are so desperate to come to europe have n't forged a diploma alongside their fake passports . 
  i laugh every time someone brings up that syrians are highly educated . 
  i do n't contest that they 're highly educated within syria but their education and diploma is n't worth shit in europe . 
  does n't matter , that woman and her baby would still be alive today if that son of a bitch was n't allowed to waltz into germany . 
  you ca n't read sarcasm ? 
  or the guy who blew himself up , and the guy who killed a pregnant polish lady . 
  exactly , as much as i despise erdo\u011fan his proposal of a safe zones and building camps there has been spot on . 
  no one really wants them in their country , yet people want to help them . 
  we can help way more people in their own region . 
  so do you . 
  you do n't have to be a sociologist to understand that letting in millions of aliens from a radically different culture is going to pose problems sooner or later . 
  we have see it happen already in the past 40 years . 
  it takes a special form of naivity and wilful ignorance to keep hoping that it will all turn out okay . 
  i think in time you 'll find that the one who 's making an ass of himself is you . 
  keep your eyes closed , keep sleeping , keep dreaming . 
  there are enough problems as it is already , just wait until the second and third generations are old enough and start to blame the west for whatever happened in syria . 
  bomb explosion here , knife attack there . 
  does n't take a genius to see after 40 + years of muslims living in the west that a great deal of them does not ( want to ) integrate . 
  sexual attacks , fights and racism are common in migrant camps , keep believing that they 'll magically turn into model citizens once they 've been handed their own apartments . 
  turkey has been building new camps actually , there were mass protests from the local populations because they do n't want migrant camps in their backyards . 
  i do n't really care where she does and does n't wear it . 
  law is law . 
  they need to learn that they ca n't force their religious habits to be accepted . 
  i ca n't wear jeans hotpants and tanktops to a corporate job , but i do n't go crying around because i know that there are certain unwritten rules . 
  in this case the rules are even written out , no exceptions on religious grounds . 
  if you do n't like it tough luck , morocco is not too far away from valencia , she can wear the headscarf to work there . 
  absofuckinglutely no . 
  being gay is not a choice , neither is being hetero . 
  religion is a man made doctrine , its followers choose to follow blindly . 
  if they read their holy book without bias they 'd see that it 's full of crap and stop following that religion in no time . 
  they 're in greece already , how do they not all come to europe ? 
  syrians who cherrypick the richest states and succesfully claim asylum are most definitely looked after for eternity . 
  they get royal benefits monthly . 
  normally refugees are sent back one the war is over but 1 ) the war wo n't be over any time soon and 2 ) when that time comes syrians will contest deportation because they 'll have made lots and lots of anchor babies in the meantime . 
  so in reality , yeah , they 'll be looked after without the need to integrate or learn the language or otherwise contribute to society hope that cleared things up for you . 
  then they should all take 4-5 migrants or a family in and look after them with their own means . 
  they should n't waste my tax money on migrants who only come here to be looked after by the social welfare state , yes that includes syrians . 
  it 's not like they do n't have anywhere else to go , the war has been going on for 5,5 years , where have they lived all this time ? 
  does n't mean that they all need to come to europe and be looked after for eternity . 
  there 's actually a war going on on european soil and no one gives a damn about ukranian refugees , people from ukraine who claim asylum are sent back , why are we treating syrians like godsend people ? 
  they understand perfectly well . 
  they know the laws better than we do . 
  they have facebook groups where they inform each other about the facilities in different european countries , the waiting times , which country hands out the most cash in the shortest amount of time , etc. 
  there 's no disregard for human right , they are still being fed and sheltered . 
  laws does n't work on `` they believe '' , turkey has been building new migrant camps for syrians . 
  the eu-turkey deal is that migrants will get sent back , syrians will be placed in those new camps , economic migrants can find their own way out . 
  if you 're a genuine refugee you have nothing to fear , no european country will send people back to syria now , otherwise they would 've sent back the numerous syrians who have committed crimes on european soil . 
  even terrorists ' rights are protected here . 
  it 's bullshit that refugees ' rights are not enacted , they are . 
  no human right is absolute , though . 
  just because there 's freedom of religion does n't mean you can use that to do just everything that your religion dictates . 
  except you ca n't comparr skin color to religion . 
  black people did n't choose to be black , they were born that way and their skin color is unchangeable . 
  muslims choose to be muslim , they can just as easily choose another religion or stop believing altogether . 
  it 's not an unchangeable trait that comes from birth . 
   i 'd make it something like `` wearing headgear is allowed in case of special justified need '' or something like that . 
  the point is that there is no need . 
  if it 's so important to her she can move to a country where she 's allowed to wear headgear to school . 
   is there a religious requirement for you to use/wear those , or is it just an abstract symbol ? 
  is there a religious requirement for the hijab ? 
  no there is n't . 
  case closed . 
   if you could reasonably prove that pastafarianism genuinely had religious significance can you , or anyone , prove that islam has any religious significance ?
