  i 'm right in the middle of england so i 've got 360 degrees worth of shoreline to visit, 
  deep fried mars bar, 
  `` oh look its pissed on me '', 
  yeah our history knowledge is pretty limited . 
  i learned nothing about eastern europe , south america , russia , east asians , colonisation , the empire or anything like that . 
  i did ancient , roman , ancient egypt , battle of hastings , medieval british history like henry viii , renaissance era in western europe , industrial revolution and wwi and ii thoroughly . 
  for gcse which is optional i did medicine through time , germany between 1918-1939 and social reforms in britain in the 1960s and 70s . 
  ireland then, 
  get married ? 
  thanks . 
  i used to work in a supermarket and we were n't really pushed for the fake/smiley customer service . 
  usually it 's older people who get helped bagging but that 's only if they ask for it . 
  a typical transaction but be the customer putting the items on the belt or counter , me scanning it , putting it in the bagging area and them bagging it themselves , i then say the subtotal and they hand me the money , i give them change and a receipt . 
  and yeah circular door knobs fuck me off too , they 're mainly in older buildings though , i once got stuck in an orthodontists toilet because their building is ancient and still have them , my hands were wet and i could n't grip it properly . 
  oh yeah and unusual things like separate taps for hot and cold are slowly being phased out , my house does n't have them . 
  sorry for being drunken messes , the big ball of fire in the sky does stuff to us, 
  sounds just like britain, 
  i thought it was well covered for me . 
  we had a few lessons in year 4 then year 6 and pshe through secondary school was usually dedicated to things like that . 
  why not ? 
  it keeps everything orderly and things/people do n't get lost, 
  ca n't say i 've experienced much italians near my home town , mainly polish . 
  i 'm glad to say i have n't seen a carpeted bathroom in years , it 's mainly in older buildings, 
  what did you find different about the shopping ? 
  despite what it seems on the internet day to day life has n't changed much due to recent politics . 
  from my perspective as a young person the future does look pretty bleak but we 're happy living in the moment, 
  that 's what i meant, 
  if my grandad was irish would i be eligable for one ? 
  he died quite young at 38 however and that was about 25 years ago, 
  hijacking the thread , would i be able to drive my car straight into france without paying fees ? 
  hurrah for old nosey !, 
   over the hills and far away * telletubbies come out to play *, 
  same in the uk . 
  north face jackets are taking over . 
  the only one i have a personal connection to is australia step grandad ( not blood related however , count him as family though ) he usually visits with my nan to england to see family every 6-8 months for a month or too . 
  i get to learn all about it/living there/wildlife and went on holiday there december 2015 to sydney and stayed at their house for a month . 
  was one of the best holidays i 've ever had and got to see a lot of australian families due to their friends . 
  it felt very familiar and everyone was really nice . 
  ah right , i only ever hear about the romanian ones, 
  i heard there is a lack of skyscrapers in london due to the foundation of ground mainly being marshland, 
  i 'd agree with the 90s but definitely not the 60s, 
  you 're a nice bloke , 
  most showers i 've been in do, 
  dangerous, 
  same as you, 
  absolute nightmare when i worked retail . 
  everyone was trying to escape paying * 5p * by saying it should n't have the shops logo on it because it 's advertising * whilst wearing an adidas jacket *, 
  have n't even thought about terrorists in day to day life at all . 
  i went to london 2 weeks ago and it was n't even on my mind . 
  i occasionally get power cuts that happen for about 10 minutes in a small area . 
  these happen every few years, 
  a lot of old people move to spain and complain to the locals about why they ca n't speak ` inglish ', 
  when i go to spain next month will i be able to use my 3gb allowance with out any extra costs ? 
  i 'm with o2 . 
  gorgeous scenery, 
  i think most europeans get this result , i did . 
  i 'm from south west england near oxford and i got new york , yonkers and jersey city, 
  i wish our education taught colonialism more . 
  corrupt tabloid newspapers, 
  being born in 1998 is pretty nice , my childhood was n't dominated by electronics apart from a gameboy and i got to take advantage of the internet in my teen years . 
  depends where in britain you 're referring to, 
  to be honest the majority of people are n't really that bothered about the royalty . 
  old people more so but they 're kinda just there and nice to have . 
  really does n't bother me , i 'm a british isles + british international territory mongrel but i grew up in england and i identify as english . 
  my mum 's mum is english and her dad was irish . 
  my dad 's mum is from st helena ( british territory ) and his dad is scottish . 
  depends really , the only foreigners i really have contact with are polish and occasionally the way they pronounce words is quite posh especially words with an ` o ' sound in them . 
  an accent that really intrigued me was on peep show where a ukranian actress sounded incredibly posh , her name is very filatova and she plays elena . 
  also , sometimes when listening to people in scandinavia on overwatch speak they do occasionally sound english , freaks me out a bit, 
  do n't forget about chipvans mate . 
  there are absolutely loads of accents across the uk but i 'll name a few . 
  cockney : stupid/working class rp : posh/upper class scouse : thief brummy : stupid bristol : farmer/pirate ( i suppose somerset could apply too ) cornish : pirate, 
  / r/casualuk, 
  this is basically exactly the same as britain . 
  some do some dont, 
  it 's alright , i did n't understand the nutella hype . 
  to be honest we stock peanut butter in basically every shop . 
  what do n't you like about it ? 
  it 's not that bad mate ... 
  we usually have pre drinks at someones house which costs about # 5 for a 4 pack + # 13 vodka bottle for shots which we rotate between us . 
  i usually spend around # 20 - # 30 in town so it ranges from # 25 - # 35, 
  sounds like a typical english summer, 
  same in the uk too , i personally have no issues but the vocal minority seem to blame the polish for a lot of issues . 
  all i can say is mine is completely tragic, 
  to be honest i could n't really care less, 
  uk and ireland add australia and new zealand, 
  usually brown, 
  sweden and italy . 
  also they look like meat shaped into a ball, 
  to be honest mate i have n't got a clue . 
  i was about 4 years old and ca n't really remember it . 
  my uncle goes there a lot because my grandad was northern irish so he usually visits the family there and he enjoys it a lot . 
  it was an incredibly boring topic . 
  i probably found a small portion of it interesting, 
  it can be depressing having crap weather a lot of the time but we just get on with it . 
  we seem to come out of our shell in warmer climates , that 's why we have a bad reputation in spain i suppose haha . 
  i 've been through a bit of wales , most of the midlands in the uk and the been on holiday to a lot of the seaside towns on the south-west , obviously london and belfast . 
  hope to visit scotland in the near future and a lot of the northern cities . 
  north oxfordshire , basically on the warwickshire border . 
  i 'm in the midlands so i have the best of both worlds i guess \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af,
