basically all of reddit is an echo chamber . 
  honestly going on different websites like 4chan was refreshing . 
  good, 
  yeah from my experience the muslim one should be a lot redder, 
  reddit seems to think we 're at war when honestly we 've got a pretty good relationship . 
  stop, 
  and wales, 
  they 're good at quidditch . 
  seriously though went to burgas about 8 years ago , nice place , too many reps trying to get you into their restaurant however . 
  it 's weird as a tourist i only ever see the summer versions of most countries . 
  it 'll be interesting visiting at different seasons . 
  i went to palma the other week and the and amount of northern british people and irish is outstanding, 
  he 's so cute, 
  i have got a passport . 
  never been to asia/africa/americas though . 
  what the fuck are you going on about ? 
  i swear the banning of porn was some sort of lie because nothing has changed in my wanking material, 
  the comments on there gave me cancer, 
  wales ? 
  wow , i did n't even know it was today and i 'm english . 
  nah do n't think i 've ever seen it this bad in england . 
  summers are usually 20c give or take a few and it occasionally rains . 
  it 's 15c and raining, 
  we do n't all think you want to immagrate here there is just loads of eastern european people living here . 
  there is a part in my town nicknamed little poland . 
  ( poland is usually lumped in with eastern europe , sorry . ), 
  it was seeing opels in spain when they 're vauxhalls here , i think the logo is a bit too basic on the continental variant . 
  i think due to game of thrones growing popularity ni will be on the radar . 
  i do n't really get them . 
  i usually have dpd or royal mail and they 're pretty good, 
  tabloid newspapers and things owned by rupert murdoch, 
  my mum and uncle have an irish dad and english mum . 
  my dad has a scottish dad and a overseas territory mum . 
  my uncle has an irish passport and is proud of his roots but my mum does n't really care . 
  i probably will get myself an irish passport because my uncle visits ireland a lot and i might go with him . 
  from my experience no one really cares apart from older blokes . 
  i occasionally have a fruit cider and sometimes some middle aged men will say `` what are you drinking that for hur hur '' . 
  i normally have jd coke or vodka lemonade and no one bats an eye . 
  st helena too, 
  great bunch of lads especially the commonwealth and ireland/usa . 
  does ireland count ? 
  probably not . 
  my nan was from st helena so i kinda want to learn about it/visit . 
  i live just north of oxford so i do n't really hear it that much and my old supervisor had that accent and it did my head in . 
  my little town ( banbury ) has a namesake in usa and canada . 
  and jesus i went to great yarmouth a few years ago and it 's pretty tragic . 
  there was a man `` dancing '' with a bird and an apparently famous museum about fish and stuff was completely empty . 
  yeah i know you as the estonian bloke, 
  we 've got loads in canada/us/australia / new zealand/overseas territory, 
  they 're all british anyway . 
  i guess i 'm just a british isles mongrel . 
  yesterday my friend got a letter from his isp which i 'm too with a warning telling him to stop pirating . 
  he told me only pirates the odd thing like a tv episode . 
  i have n't got a vpn yet or a letter ( suprised because i 've got 700gb worth of films/tv shows on my portable hdd ) so i 'll probably buy and install one tonight . 
  i 'd call myself british-english yeah , it 's where ive been born and raised . 
  what do you mean by gentilice ? 
  nothing wrong with wanting to learn about your heritige . 
  my family is from scotland/ireland/england / st helena and i 'm quite interested in the saint helena part because it 's interesting . 
  i also saw that lisbon was a hot spot for a natural disaster ( think hurricane ) a few days ago on / r/mapporn, 
  there is n't a single double tap in my house, 
  it 's so depressing in that time period . 
  i remember looking forward to the day it was daylight on my drive home . 
  honestly it does n't rain that much . 
  recently it has but this year its been quite dry i think . 
  he 's saying each countries culture and history will be overshadowed . 
  they 're only allowed to go 30mph are n't they ? 
  i always get stuck behind one on the route to work . 
  comes in several different flavours , ca n't remember what . 
  i like orange but fruit twist has a special spot in my heart . 
  some classes did have trips i remember some went to the alps , paris i think some of the bright sciency kids went to nasa too . 
  i never went on any trips because i felt bad asking for money but looking back i do n't think they would have minded, 
  we only went to the black country museum in history class !, 
  our weather is boring, 
  i recently visited spain and i have a pay monthly contract with 3gb of data here and i could use like i was at home . 
  i probably did it quite a bit until mid teens too , no one cared really . 
  curry or gravy or cheese + chips = amazing, 
  nothing better than a drunk d\u00f6ner kebab, 
  i do n't think cycling on a path is enforced that much . 
  i used to always do it as a child, 
  it 's the height of summer and 17c !, 
  if our relationship with you was similar to argentina we 'd be fucked, 
  how do people go about learning their family tree ? 
  i have family in ireland , scotland , england and st helena ( british overseas territory ), 
  lannisters would be lancashire, 
  usually happens when we finish secondary school and maybe sixth form . 
  my grandparents live in australia and have citizenships . 
  we like to keep the curtains open because sunlight is nice , we do n't get a lot of it . 
  i hate using cash i 've even stooped to using my card for a 30p purchase haha, 
  i 've honestly never seen a carpeted bathroom, 
  definetely on the decline , the only people who watch tv as in sitting down and watching random programmes is middle-age/older people . 
  i honestly have n't gone to watch tv when i 'm bored in years and neither has my younger 12 year old brother . 
  i usually download films and popular tv shows like breaking bad/game of thrones and stream it on my tv and occasionally watch things on netflix . 
  you sure you 're pronouncing it right ? 
  in britain it 's pronounced like tw @ not twot . 
  do n't really care , if its your business its your business . 
  i do n't think they should be allowed to start the transition until they 're 18 , maybe 16 . 
  childhood/teenage years are a rocky period . 
  burger king is just all round shit , it 's the one fast food i do n't like, 
  there will most likely be civil war, 
  wide range of variety and loads of quality entertainers,
