   excuse me , but who forced the greek or portuguese government to buy weapons ? 
  there was a suggestion ( from el pais , no less ) , that part of the bailout deal for greece involved them using some of the money that came from france and germany to buy french and german weapons , thereby turning the bailout into a partial government self-subsidy . 
  given the greek army 's history with democratic governments , and the fact that pappandreou dismissed the top echelon of the greek military shortly after the bailout , it was , at least , an interesting story . 
  posing and answering a rhetorical question like you have done is a good way to shut down the question . 
  why the irish flag , btw ? 
  how many shades of grey ? 
  could do something with the ties though . 
  consider the gauntlet flung down !, 
  gawd , a load of monoglot british retirees with too much time on their hands . 
  what a nightmare . 
  do n't think anyone 's laughing , angie . 
   really a pre-2008 public finances meltdown that turned the named countries into the now infamous piigs . 
  this canard , again . 
  it was not state financing that brought down ireland and spain , but a worldwide credit crisis that collapsed a property bubble . 
  the state finance crisis came after that , as a result of the policies of the ecb . 
  no matter how many times it is repeated , you ca n't honestly herd all of the piigs into the same economic sty . 
   like anything in which one seeks to improve oneself , be it a country or a person change must come from within . 
  boom !, 
  tell me about it : - /, 
  it 's hard to find mistakes in an almost content-free post , but here are a few of the most obvious cowpats :  the profligate governments and their reckless spending reckless spending is not an accurate description of what led to their situation . 
  this has been pointed out repeatedly , but it just does n't sink in . 
   why the austerity , ca n't they understand that the best way to leave from a crisis over-expending is to spend even more ? 
  google `` debt-deflationary spiral '' . 
  and then maybe do a little basic reading in economics . 
  the above is a simpleton 's view . 
   `` hurr , germany did n't pay war reparations '' why the quotation marks ? 
  it is true . 
  debt forgiveness + large infusions of cash from the americans + garrisoning the state ( still ongoing ) to keep them in line have a lot to do with german stability and economic strength . 
   germany is the one doing most of the work and keeping us together really ? 
  sometimes it seems that they 're the ones tearing us apart . 
   germany is far from being perfect but at least they 're thinking on the long term and in the big scheme of things on the contrary , the german approach to the euro crisis has been widely criticized by several winners of the `` nobel '' prize for economics , among others . 
  it looks like finally the marios have convinced the merkel ( who is more interested in her internal political situation than `` the big scheme of things '' ) to do the right thing , with observable consequences . 
   germany is far from being perfect now there you have a point . 
  speaking as a citizen of a country whose constitution has been shredded by eu treaties and repeated referenda to the extent that it has started to look like the variorum edition of a greek tragedy , i think it 's probably a good idea that others experience this ... joy . 
  hint : you 're the imbecile that spams practically every thread with platitudes , so motes n ' beams , chappie . 
  that managed to be both emotional and sententious . 
  kudos , did n't think it was possible . 
  meanwhile the finns can feast on barley porridge and seal meat , and dream about tomatoes , basil , oranges and lemons . 
  what if the spanish decide to hang onto their food ? 
  who will starve then ? 
  right i 'm not disputing the cleanup figures ( have n't looked in detail ) , just the assertion that remediation involves one new water well at 5k . 
   assuming the worst -- that the accidents occur in one year ; that the cleanup requires a new water well at $ 5,000 ; and that one hundred spills occur at $ 2.5 million per spill given then that the industry drills 10,000 new wells per year . 
  this looks dodgy at first reading . 
  one of the fears of opponents of the technology is widespread contamination of the water table . 
  that means it 's not simply a matter of sinking a new well at a cost of 5k . 
  also , the idea that this is the ' worst case scenario ' seems a little rosy . 
  thanks for the citation . 
   the cost of poisoned fresh water reserves is estimated at $ 250 million . 
  source ? 
  sounds like a difficult thing to quantify . 
  that you , anders ? 
  that 's very illuminating , but sort of misses the larger problem , which is the off-balance sheet liabilities of the banks . 
  this is why deleveraging is such a huge threat . 
  the outstanding amounts in cds and cdos and other derivatives is unknown but reckoned to be a multiple of the on balance sheet liabilities you 've detailed above . 
  this is the really scary part of the crisis , . and used to be central to the news story when it was about perfidious financial institutions ( remember that ? ) . 
  when , through the alchemy of political pressure and financial self defense the crisis was transformed into a sovereign debt issue , derivatives dropped from the news , because they do n't fit the virtuous north/profligate south story that 's being pushed at the moment . 
  they 're still out there though , below the surface , and whatever the politicians say , you can be sure that it 's central to their thinking . 
  which are ? 
  these are very different economies . 
  lumping them together uncritically ( using greece as a template ) is n't helpful . 
   eurobonds , in a pure and unlimited form , are out as long as national governments have full budgetary sovereignty . 
  under the terms of the fiscal stability treaty , they do n't have full budgetary sovereignty any more : any spending above the sgp agreed threshold for a country is subject to review by an external agency ( details vague in the treaty text ) . 
  is this enough ? 
  if not , why bother with it at all ? 
   the southern economies need to reform , period . 
  lumping my country ( ireland ) in with the southern/catholic/profligate axis for a while , i would say that the use of greece as a template for s/c/p wastefulness is a masterstroke by german austerians . 
  understandably , they want to take full advantage of germany 's structural edge and strong economy . 
  no politician ever lost votes by praising the thriftiness , hard work , national genius etc of his electorate . 
  and sure , it seems that greece was an extremely corrupt country , inside and outside its public sector . 
  but the economic problems of spain and ireland are quite different , and have much to do with the macrodynamics of the euro economy . 
  for example , the money that germans saved ( thriftiness etc ) was lent out in the most stupid and profligate manner by the german banks to fuel property bubbles on the periphery . 
  when the bubble burst it threatened to take down the banking systems of these countries , which was seen ( rightly ) by the german financial and political elite as a massive threat to the german economy . 
  and so , the irish and spanish governments ( not without their own quota of pro-eu servility and dishonesty ) acquiesced in an effective transfer of this debt , off the balance sheets of the banks , and onto the balance sheets of the sovereign . 
  now , of course , those sovereign balance sheets look like , and are , shit . 
  but this is not a direct result of fiscal irresponsibility by the governments concerned ( leaving out greece , the unrepresentative representative ) , but of a failure of regulatory systems , and ridiculous behaviour by banks ( both domestic and foreign ) , who lent money to property schemes that in retrospect , never could have worked . 
  is this the fault of the political systems in the peripheral countries ? 
  partly . 
  is it the fault of the banking systems ? 
  mostly . 
  * caveat emptor * , after all . 
  so basically , it seems to me that the german reaction to this crisis is to use the greek example as a template for every state that is in trouble , because it 's a simple morality tale that makes the germans feel good about themselves , and because eliding the differences between the peripheral countries prevents some awkward questions from being asked about the conduct of german financial institutions before the crisis and their share of the blame for it . 
   you mean , why do n't they gang up and rob the bank ? 
  nope , not that . 
  a mass default would be one way of breaking up the eurozone . 
  if things do n't turn around in the next year or so , this will become more likely . 
   portugal and ireland are already under the umbrella and can avoid an escalation of their domestic problems as long as everybody chills the fuck out . 
  i read a lot of this kind of stuff , mostly in the german media . 
  let me tell you , domestic problems in ireland are escalating , and have been for some time . 
  emigration is up , bankruptcies and foreclosures are through the roof . 
  youth unemployment is ridiculously high , but still lower than in spain . 
  we are in the midst of a very serious crisis , and i have a feeling that things could get ugly soon . 
  i realise that things look different from the protestant/northern/frugal axis , and this is one of the problems . 
  because reading the media in the pnf and the scp would lead one to believe that there are two different europes , in two different universes . 
  if we ca n't agree on the facts , what chance do we have ? 
  personally , i believe that the political basis of european union , solidarity , has been [ irretrievably destroyed ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2011/12/05/schmidt-attacks-merkel-over-response-to-euro-crisis/ ) by a very [ short-sighted and populist ] ( http://www.theepochtimes.com/n2/world/former-german-chancellor-criticizes-merkels-europe-course-60763.html ) german administration , as well as the mendacity , laziness and stupidity of more than one southern european government . 
  one might argue that merkel 's government is merely doing what the german people want , in which case we 're more screwed than i thought . 
  we can point the finger at each other at leisure when we 're starting fires with bales of euro-notes . 
  i do n't honestly think that anything other than a complete reboot of the european project can work at this stage . 
  just because the oed now accepts this barbarity does n't mean it 's correct . 
  i do n't need to .
