  that 's what i was thinking of . 
  oh , and ` reference ' is a noun . 
  what does this mean ? 
  if siggy pop and the spd get elected next year and allow eurobonds , will merkel turn into some kind of slayer ? 
  will she immolate herself outside the bundestag ? 
  will she die and rise again , a ghastly revenant of fiscal rectitude , to haunt the parliaments of the eurobonders with ghostly shrieks and inhuman moans ? 
  might she be reelected as germany 's first ( ? ), 
  it 's too complex . 
  rising energy costs and political entropy mean that the western system has to reset to something less complex . 
  the euro crisis is the harbinger of this state change . 
   `` this is the paradox of the european union , that the dog should be put in charge of the supply of sausages ! '', 
  said kurt lauk , president of the economic advisory board linked to merkel 's centre-right christian democrats . 
  there 's your german diplomacy right there : i mean , what 's the wurst that could happen ? 
  a little lebensraum ? 
  a place in the sun ? 
  somehow , i think not . 
   this can not be , must not be and will not be . 
  who the fuck is this person , again ? 
  do n't think the germans will go for qe : too many historical neuroses . 
  i think merkel just slammed the door . 
  time to break out the exit strategies !, 
  or , as a poster on another site mentioned , time for the peripheral countries to gang up on germany and threaten a mass default . 
  mutually assured destruction , financial style . 
  that should jolt the good frau dr out of her trance . 
  well spotted . 
  what 's serious is that the eurozone ( and probably the eu ) are looking like they are finished . 
  oh well , it was nice while it lasted . 
   the peripheral countries will default , bringing down the german banking system and economy german money was some of the stupidest money in the market , famously , and german banks overinvested in the peripheral property bubbles . 
  if the peripheral countries were to default ( and that is looking more likely as austerity bites , and merkel closes off possibilities like eurobonds ) , the german banks would have huge holes in their balance sheets , and would probably fail . 
  in addition , the rapidly appreciating interest rate of the neudeutschmark , and the failure of markets for german goods in the defaulter countries would be disastrous for the german economy , which is unbalanced towards exports . 
  so , a left and a right : german savings disappearing due to the stupidity of their banks ' investment departments , and the disappearance of a huge chunk of germany 's export markets . 
  the problem is , judging by the german media , is that most of the population wo n't even be aware of this until they hit the wall . 
  hence the satire about ` backstabbing ' ( as well as the historical parallels ) . 
  this could all get very unpleasant . 
  basically , if the germans do n't elect the spd next time around , the eurozone will break up , followed by the eu . 
  the peripheral countries will default , bringing down the german banking system and economy . 
  german newspapers ( led by * bild * ) will start talking about the treachery of the southern countries , and how they stabbed germany in the back ... 
  when the smoke clears , and people start emerging from the fallout shelters to contemplate the blasted radioactive landscape that was once the north european plain , angela merkel will be dead and the last german will hold out a quivering hand to the last greek . 
  sure , we 'd all love to live in a post-nationalist , pan-human europe . 
  do you have any idea what that might look like ? 
  or how your version of what it should look like might differ from someone from , say , greece ? 
  these things do n't happen by wishing , they take time . 
  lots of time , and our current crisis-driven , arm-twisting , toxic nationalist approach to enforcing ` austerity ' and ` fiscal correctness ' is doing more damage to this frail flower than anything in the last half century . 
  deep breath . 
  you might want to read this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ressentiment now , i did not say that the germans of today are responsible for what the nazis did . 
  i do n't believe it , for one thing , and i certainly did n't write it . 
  what i 'm talking about is the predictable european reaction to german hegemony . 
  if you do n't believe me , wait and see . 
   bigotry . 
  nothing of the sort was suggested . 
  it 's the blueprint of every modern democracy like , ever . 
  it was assuredly what schauble was talking about . 
  there are several models of representative democracy currently in use , so your second point above is a nonsense . 
   are you maybe forgetting one tiny thing there ? 
  maybe the trillions of marks german reunification cost them ? 
  wait , you did n't take that into consideration ? 
  well that 's hardly the fucking point , is it ? 
  * pacta sunt servanda * , as i remember a certain commissioner telling the irish government . 
  why should any signatory to an international agreement be free to renege on it when their circumstances change ? 
  anyway , germany was n't punished , so it got away with its breach of the treaty . 
  which is why we 're trying to recreate the stability & growth pact as something credible , because , the germans and the french destroyed its credibility . 
  get it ? 
  sorry , where is the bigotry ? 
   this question has been decided long ago , though . 
  the maastricht criteria were basically the decision . 
  some countries perform better than others here . 
  the only reason why greece ca n't be sovereign on this is because their crisis is everyone 's crisis . 
  well , the maastricht criteria * were * the standards , until they were breached , without penalty , by france and germany . 
  then when punitive proceedings were started against portugal and greece , it was exposed for the sham it was . 
  hence the need for the upgraded agreement . 
  i assume that germany will obey this new agreement , since it 's basically tailored for german economic needs during this point of the economic cycle . 
  until it becomes inconvenient , when the time-bombs waiting for the german economy start to detonate . 
  now , you ca n't have a multilateral agreement , with penalties , that only applies to the weaker members of the agreement , but that the strong ignore when inconvenient for them . 
   so who will lead ? 
  the weakened frenchies or the economically strong germans ? 
  because in the absence of a real eu government there must be a leader , and this is traditionally france/germany 's role , seeing as they are the most powerful and basically the founders of the eu anyway . 
  well , unfortunately , neither can . 
  france ca n't lead because it 's too weak , and germany ca n't lead because of the nazis . 
  sorry , but there it is . 
  regardless of the nature of the current german state , and the righteousness of its politicians , because of germany 's very recent history , it will not be acceptable to a very large number of europeans . 
  give it a few centuries ( see napoleon ) and try again . 
  also , the increasingly apparent nationalism of german public opinion , and the autocratic tendencies/unpardonable lack of diplomacy of merkel and schauble in their utterances towards the naughty states , make it even less acceptable . 
   he 's just given an interview calling for the transformation of the eu into a real democratic state now there 's a paradox : the eu may be transformed into a democratic state , but not with the consent of its peoples . 
  do you honestly think there 's any way that the peoples of europe would accept a radical transformation of the eu along german federal lines ? 
  i ca n't see it . 
  schauble might be somewhat socially autistic , but he 's no fool , and he knows it too . 
  for the long run , i think the eu is probably doomed . 
  it went too far , too fast , and is now subject to very strong centripetal forces . 
  i do n't think you can point at european institutions , as these have been circumvented or routed around during this crisis . 
  in other words , they were , as many suspected , fair-weather creations more to do with the shop window than the reality of power . 
  eu ` decision making ' soon degenerated into bilateral franco-german decisions , where sarko pretty much ate whatever the germans put on the table . 
  of course , he got to save his pride , because the germans are smart enough to know they need the french , but there was n't any doubt who was calling the shots . 
  you ca n't be unaware of angela merkel 's political proclamations to the greek people , the irish people etc etc. 
  or pretty much anything uttered by wolfgang schauble over the last year . 
  likewise you ca n't be unaware that two regimes in europe were effectively prorogued due to german pressure . 
   the second argument was that were it france instead of germany , would newspapers have printed sarkozy as little napoleon ? 
  french domination would not have caused such stirs . 
  first , france is not the dominant power in the eu , so the question does n't arise . 
  second , you obviously do n't read the english-language press . 
  the sarkozy/napoleon connection was pretty much a standard trope , even if ironic .
