yes , please explain . 
  energy security would be nice . 
  relations with russia are a hell of a lot more important to germany 's strategic interests than libya . 
  [ http://news.yahoo.com/merkel-tells-putin-russia-broken-international-law-ukraine-204155434.html] ( http://news.yahoo.com/merkel-tells-putin-russia-broken-international-law-ukraine-204155434.html )  putin accepted merkel 's proposal to establish a `` fact-finding mission '' like a contact group , possibly under the leadership of the organisation for security and cooperation in europe ( osce ) , to start a political dialogue , the spokesman said . 
  shortly afterwards it turns out that merkel made a comment about putin 's grip on reality in a phone call with obama . 
  the leak was attributed to ` us reports ' by the [ guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/03/ukraine-vladimir-putin-angela-merkel-russian )  us reports said merkel phoned barack obama on sunday evening after speaking to the russian president to press him to back down from his invasion of ukraine and occupation of the crimean peninsula . 
   `` she was not sure he was in touch with reality , people briefed on the call said . 
  ` in another world , ' she said , '' the new york times reported . 
  based on that it 's reasonable to speculate that the us leaked the call , i think . 
  we can speculate further about their motives : this crisis has the potential to drive a wedge between the us and eu ( and putin 's well aware of this ) because our interests are divergent . 
  the us is working to keep merkel away from the russians ( and by extension , firmly in the us camp ) . 
  i can imagine that the germans are a bit irked by the leak . 
  not since the americans leaked the content of merkel 's phone call with obama . 
  it 's speculation . 
  qui bono , etc. 
  whoever leaked it has torpedoed merkel 's credibility as a mediator . 
  why would merkel 's staff do that ? 
  so how 's that shell to sea coming along ? 
  question : who leaked this , and what was their motivation ? 
  i see this more as an attempt by whoever leaked this ( probably the americans ) to undermine merkel as a potential negotiator . 
  it 's a pretty serious breach of diplomatic confidentiality . 
  [ not really ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_netherlands ), 
  nope . 
  apple : 4000 + employees google : 1500 + employees ( out of global total 20,000 ), 
  hence the phrase ` jerry-built ' , which amusingly is still used today . 
  remote communities like boston ? 
  whateveh . 
  if this is representative of how the ordinary german views the bailouts , we have a long way to go , and mildly offensive posters wo n't be the worst we have to deal with along the way . 
  god made the world but the dutch made holland :-), 
   sigh ... infallible sign of a wanker . 
   the eu sanctions are hurting russia far more than any us sanctions ... and hurting the eu far more than the us given relative trade volumes  eu does n't `` follow '' the us like it 's our leader . 
  dream on . 
  the us pushed for and got the sanctions in the face of much reluctance from eu countries . 
  we can probably exclude the scans from that : anders fogh rasmussen is quite the playful kitty in nato . 
  pity he 's fucking around with obama 's ball of wool, 
  it 's the descendants of leinsterman diarmuid mcmurrough i 'd be more worried about . 
  constantinople did n't fall until 1453 : the empire lasted a lot longer in the east . 
  the greeks are a lot closer to that than the french are to the ancient romans , culturally and ( unfortunately ) politically . 
  greek society is in a crisis situation . 
  greek gdp has fallen by around 25 % since their friends stepped in to help . 
  finger pointing and moralising about stereotypes is not helping . 
  say the greeks leave the euro . 
  who 's next ? 
  is portugal feeling secure ? 
  how about spain , even italy ? 
  if the precedent of a country leaving the euro is established , that will create a political dynamic in the other bailout countries , and encourage the bottom feeders in global finance to leverage the situation for their own benefit . 
  at a time when we need solidarity and a sense of a common european purpose , we are indulging in petty nationalism and self-satisfying moralising . 
  this is bleak viewing for someone who used to believe in the project . 
  revenue , late middle english : from old french revenu ( e ) ` returned ' , past participle ( used as a noun ) of revenir , from latin revenire ` return ' , from re - ` back ' + venire ` come ' . 
  revenue is what comes back to you from the stuff you produce . 
  not the stuff itself . 
  when did i say that ? 
  well , they basically did : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2010/mar/04/greece-sell-islands-german-mps such short memories ... 
  s/someone/a country of 11 million citizens / s/that person/that country / i see the swabian housewife fallacy is still alive and well . 
  chapeau to frau merkel , amazing that people swallowed it . 
  no doubt the troika will introduce a requirement for tax compliance checks before appendix operations . 
  that 'll teach the lazy bastards !, 
  no , revenue comes from consumers to producers . 
  and ultimately , it comes from banks , who create it from debt . 
  debt is where it starts , and where it ends . 
  with friends like these ... 
  is that you , michael ? 
  how 's the eye ? 
  the etiology of the irish crisis was completely different from that of the greek crisis , so comparisons are odious . 
  as an irish citizen , i 'm appalled by the ` teacher 's pet ' characterization of ireland by the troika , and our purring and preening at it . 
  my city is full of derelict buildings and closed businesses and there has been a noticeable increase in homelessness . 
  it would n't kill us to show a bit of solidarity with , and sympathy for , the greeks . 
  most of them were n't benefitting from the corruption of the greek government . 
  instead we 're finger pointing to make ourselves look better . 
  it 's enough to make you puke . 
  the euro is a dead duck , and eu instititutions have been weakened , possibly fatally , by all of the ad-hoc bilateral and trilateral arrangements that have sprung up . 
  what is the point of creating a governing structure if you go around it at the first sign of trouble ? 
  even leaving aside the poison that has crept into intra-european relations ( nice to know what the germans , finns and dutch / really / think ) , the institutions are on the floor . 
  if we were in any doubt , german hegemony is now an established fact , along with megaphone diplomacy and media xenophobia . 
  and the right wing just gets stronger and stronger ... we 're going backwards people , and we all have to take some of the blame for it . 
   and this is exactly why after a few tough years ireland is showing signs of recovery and is bouncing back much quicker than the big spenders in the south . 
  if only . 
  ireland 's problems are only beginning . 
  do n't believe the hype . 
   in case you have n't noticed , we are in the middle of a huge debt crises caused precisely by unsustainably high government spending . 
  that 's what they want you to think . 
  we 're in a huge crisis because of the structural weakness of the financial sector . 
  ireland is in the mess it is in not because of government spending , but because the state took the liabilities of private banks onto its balance sheet . 
  compelled by the ecb . 
  it 's amazing the number of people that assume , or are led to believe , that because austerity is alleged to be the solution , that profligacy must have been the problem . 
   what britain needs from europe is a period of consolidation , where it sorts out all of its problems without trying to take on anything new . 
  it needs 20 years of stability without any glaring failures of governance , and it will be on board . 
  but can europe offer this ? 
  the people in charge just seem to want to press on regardless . 
  i seem to recall that britain was and is one of the primary advocates of enlargement , which has in its turn been the spur for many of the treaties to which the uk has objected . 
  i agree that the eu has to consolidate in order to avoid evaporating altogether but a union of 27 ca n't consolidate based on rules designed for 12 . 
  there 's a serious problem of scale . 
  and the euro ... that thing . 
   scotland is n't that important to the uk . 
  really ? 
  there 's not much of a uk left without the scots , i would have thought , seeing as wales is a principality , and northern ireland best forgotten about . 
  you might n't be aware that one of the conditions of the bailout was that the greek military buy a lot of german kit . 
  they presuppose a model where most significant research is carried out in universities by academics and post-doctoral students . 
  this is at odds with the model in some european countries , which do the research in places like inria and the max planck institutes , even the grandes \u00e9coles in france . 
  basically , it ranks universities based on a culturally specific definition of their function .
