  at this stage i think you 're deliberately misreading in order to convince yourself that any criticism of germany in europe must be ` the remains of nazi stereotypes ' . 
  i 'll leave you to it . 
  i think you might be deliberately missing the point . 
  it 's nothing to do with the ideology of the state , though the fact that germany is peaceable at the moment is certainly a bonus . 
  the problem is with germany 's overweening power and influence in a union that is , theoretically at least , supposed to be one of equals . 
  obviously , this equality is no more than cant , though it was the founding principle of the eu , and so the rules are changing in ways that feel to the less powerful states like coercion . 
  germany 's economic ( and lately , political ) dominance of europe makes the rest of us feel uneasy . 
  the point is not about nazism , or prussian militarism , or painting merkel as a dictator ( again , you 're reading all sorts of things into what i 've written , which is quite neutral . 
  this is revealing in its own way . 
  no , that bird wo n't fly . 
  some of the wealthiest parts of germany are almost completely catholic , ditto with the netherlands . 
  the north = protestant , south = catholic idea tends to vanish when you start looking closely . 
  where exactly did i do that ? 
  franco-prussian war ? 
  wwi ? 
  neither involved nazis . 
  the general point is that the emergence of a unified germany destabilized europe , and is doing so again ( though the means , thankfully , are economic rather than military , for the moment at least ) . 
  kissinger was right on the money : `` poor germany , too big for europe , too small for the world . '', 
  because of this ( rather violent and bloody history ) , there is a well-founded suspicion on the part of many european peoples of any ` unification ' project led by germany . 
  it 's interesting that many in germany seem to have adopted godwin 's law as a defence against any historical critique of a unified germany 's role in europe . 
  the german sense of humour is no laughing matter . 
  why ? 
  it 's a reasonable enough statement , if you draw back far enough to get some perspective on it . 
  germans might to well to think on the historical parallels ( not so long ago ) rather than to dismiss them out of hand . 
  there is no nobel prize in economics . 
  the prize frequently called that seems to have been set up to boost the chicago school , supplysiders , and monetarists . 
  the very idea that there could be nobel prize in economics , given the chaotic state of the pseudo-science and its manifest failure as a predictive or prescriptive model , is risible . 
  i had written a rather long reply to this , but then my browser crashed , so this will be the very condensed version . 
  and may i in passing curse the advent of the web browser as the one universal interface to everything . 
  anyhoo , i think that you underestimate both the influence and popularity of tabloid media . 
  eerily , the sun and the late lamented notw are reasonably representative of british ( or more accurately english ) national opinion . 
  now , i 'd like to see a citation for your poll , just to see what the questions were . 
  but it 's good to hear , and your polled germans are on the money when `` they are only wary that things are n't improving and that only banks are getting the money . '', 
  because from the point of view of your average ( tabloid reading ) southern european or irish citizen , the germans are bailing out their own banks . 
  it was well known , and frequently adverted to before the crisis broke ( see michael lewis ' vf article for a post-crisis version ) that german banks were some of the stupidest players in the market , and they played very fast and loose with their depositors ' money . 
  that german ( and french ) money can be seen in unfinished housing estates on the sides of hills in ireland . 
  it 's never coming back . 
  but the wealth and power of the german state is , to a certain extent , being used to backstop the stupid decisions of the german banks while disguising same as a ` bailout ' or form of generosity to the improvident , shiftless , unreliable denizens of these countries and that hurts . 
   are you aware just of how much money has flowed to ireland ? 
  to spain , to greece , to portugal . 
  guess who paid the major share of that . 
  absolutely massive structural aid given to ireland and most of southern europe for years and years . 
  completely separate of all the loans that happened in regards to the crisis . 
  two words : marshall aid . 
  think about it . 
  i 'll elaborate more if you reply , but i 'll post this before my computer eats it . 
  and thank you , for your reply . 
  it 's good to get the perspective . 
  it 's irrelevant really . 
  the eu is finished . 
  any concept of mutual solidarity and sympathy ( not to speak of identity ) has been destroyed over the past few years . 
  the contempt and quasi-racist stereotyping coming from the northern european countries ( or at least that subset of them that are regarded as virtuous ) towards the south ( or far west ) has i think done huge damage to the prestige of the european project . 
  what the people ( not the governments , or the wealthy taxdodgers , but just the ordinary people ) of the countries in trouble see from the virtuous north is lack of regard , lazy stereotypes , and a complete lack of sympathy coupled with superficial moralizing and more and more austerity . 
  this is not a foundation for a union that can work . 
  once again , europe fails , and germany plays its destructive part . 
  sixth : prorogue the democratically elected government in a slightly constitutional way for suggesting something similar less than 200 days ago . 
  history will not be kind to merkel the fool . 
  just hope i 'm around to read it . 
  slink back where you came from so . 
  germany signed up to the maastricht treaty including the euro . 
  presumably it did so without being coerced . 
  that deals with your question . 
  i might mention that that was all of 20 years ago , which makes its relevance to the present situation a little tenuous . 
  two democratic states have been subverted , due to external pressure , chiefly from germany . 
  i refer to italy and greece . 
  that the constitutional forms of those countries were preserved is beside the point . 
  that is a hegemonic act . 
  german pressure on the peripheral states is intense , and is applied both to the people of those countries ( via the media , and merkel et al 's political statements ) and to their politicians . 
  the effect is very noticeable : in ireland , where i live , journalists are talking about ` stockholm syndrome ' , and they 're not too far off the mark . 
  as for the flippant comment at the end : do you quibble with the facts , or do you merely think me a jerk for bringing it up and hurting your feelings ? 
  or is it just a means for you to exit with what you imagine to be the high ground , since all you 've got to throw at me is some unsubstantiated crap about kohl signing up to maastricht against his will two fucking decades ago ? 
  it 's hard being hegemon . 
  do n't expect any sympathy , though . 
   no matter what germans do , there commitment to eu gets called into question . 
  it 's hard being hegemon . 
   but eu is as much a responsibility of others as germany . 
  if this sentence means anything at all , see above . 
  german prosperity depends , in a large part , on the eu and the euro . 
  as the most economically powerful state in the eu , the germans succeeded in creating a monetary system that reflects german neuroses ( weimar inflation ) and german habits with money ( sticking cash in the bank rather than investing ) . 
  this monetary system had huge ( and deleterious ) effects on economies constructed along different lines . 
  not worse , just different . 
  now that , unsurprisingly , this state of affairs has started to benefit germany and affect the other countries negatively , germany has shown an almost total lack of empathy and leadership . 
  they have laid down a stark line : be like us , or fail . 
  this is not what the eu was supposed to be about . 
  butthurt rants like the one above demonstrate the problem . 
  germany is an economic giant , but a political pygmy . 
  the size of its economy makes it the indispensable country in the euro system , but its political hangups ( understandable , given the deep repression of its history ) , and provincial , introverted politics make it incapable of leading the eu , or even admitting the validity of the other side 's point of view . 
  this narrow , dogmatic inflexibility , and reflexive defensiveness and thin-skinnedness may be characteristic of the german political character ( at least as projected beyond its borders ) , but it is a bad parody of the kind of leadership germany would need to demonstrate in order to save the euro system , which is very much in its own interest . 
  poor germany , will it lay waste to europe three times in one hundred years ? 
  hate to say it , but mitterand and thatcher were right about reunification . 
  it 's inflation , debt writeoff , or uncontrolled bankruptcy . 
  choose one . 
  important point : keynes was writing before the time of fiat currencies , when currencies were pegged to gold or silver . 
  his comments do n't really apply to free-floating currencies . 
  the landesbanken made an awful lot of stupid investments with their savers ' money . 
  even if the german government is justified in its behaviour towards this , the backstop wo n't work , and no-one serious thinks that it will . 
  they will have to recognize their losses , and face their depositors . 
  and then maybe , just maybe , the germans will do something other with their money than put it in deposit accounts . 
  the cost of the german policy in the peripheral countries is drastic . 
  i do n't know if germans realise ( or care about ) this .
