  damn you really showed those gosh darn spaniards there !, 
  i think it mostly has to do with the fact that it 's rather frowned upon to drink if you 're not in a `` party setting '' , it 's seen as a bit alcoholic tendences . 
  very sad , a glass of wine for lunch or a beer after work can be wonderful !, 
  i 'm not sure if i understand what you mean by that , 
  judging by his comment history i do n't think he is ... 
  alcohol can be bought at bars from 18 and upwards , but you have to be 20 to be able to buy in a store . 
  alcohol can only be bought in a specific chain of stores ( systembolaget ) , that are owned by the government . 
  they have a nice selection of drinks but rather annoying opening times , for example they are not open on sundays ( meaning you ca n't buy any alcohol outside of bars on sundays in all of sweden ) . 
  i 'd say most people start drinking when they are about 15-16 , vodka and different `` alco-sodas '' being the most popular at this age . 
  otherwise it 's a pretty even race between beer and wine . 
  we rarely drink on the weekdays , having a beer after work is not common and neither is having a glass of wine at lunch . 
  we drink ridiculous amounts on fridays and saturdays though , leading to all the problems a binge drinking alcohol culture tend to bring . 
  where ? 
  the day russia invades sweden i will eat my mother, 
  i see what you 're getting at and i absolutely agree with you , hands down . 
  yet you need to grasp what us westerners are talking about when we talk about solidarity in this issue . 
  we never wanted to see billions of euros going to the east either , we never wanted wage dumping from easterners making do on half our salary either , we never wanted tons of romas and human trafficking from the east either , but we got it because we are in a union whose purpose is to integrate all of europe even closer . 
  the reality is that today your problems are ours , and our problems must be yours too . 
  yes we 've done an absolutely horrendous job with immigration , which is why we need solidarity from you , just like we have shown solidarity with you in the past ( and present ) funneling tons of money forbyour economic and infrastructural revival, 
  agreed , i 've said this before and i 'll say it again : we 've put up with their shit since the fall of the soviet union , it 's time for them to put up with ours for once . 
  this is a union for christ sake, 
  balkanites - stealing our cars and hearts since 1991, 
  a very pleasant deal for both parts . 
  like 90 % of them married a swede and got to stay instead, 
  come on man flair up so i can insult you based on your nationality , this is europe for fucks sake, 
  yeah tons of them here , they vary greatly in reputation, 
   i almost did n't see anyone who was overweight where the fuck were you haha, 
  1814 - britain gives us norway . 
  god save the queen , anglophone4lyfe, 
  yeah but we 've scared all the russian away from this forum ... 
  is having to spend the rest of your life without your freedom really being `` virtually unpunished '' ? 
  jesus , what do you want , a public hanging ? 
  yeah man we 're the next superpower , a * humanitarian * superpower !, 
  nothing really , i just love baris manco !, 
  he will always be my father !, 
   northern european social autism oh fuck off, 
  why ? 
  it 's our own identity , it developed from practically never having been succesfully invaded , and we 're proud of it . 
  it 's not like we 're alone with this sentiment either, 
  nato is not `` the west '' , it is just as much eastern europe as western, 
  jesus christ that 's like 4 times our rate, 
  haha ca n't believe i never saw that, 
  a true pioneer , old pops !, 
  of course , this is obviously not a result set in stone , but it is still an incredibly remarkable result and it says a tremendous amount about the current situation in sweden . 
  yougov underestimated sd by a rather large margin in the 2014 elections , and if this poll is true sd have doubled their voter base in less than a year ... hell , i 'm not even sure any party other than s or m has ever polled highest in sweden ( c might have in the 70s ) . 
  so whilst it is true that you ca n't draw too many conclusions from this poll alone , it really is a historical result, 
  sweden , along with our neighbours , are already the arguably most anti-european nation in the eu , so that is nothing new under the sun . 
  but yes you 're right about the nationalism part , this whole wave of `` neo-nationalism/patriotism '' is a bit strange to me . 
  i 'm not saying it 's necessarily a bad thing , it just feels very unnatural , very ... unswedish in a way . 
  i 'll try to translate the article , might aswell practice my english skills . 
  update 1 : ** the sweden democrats ( sd ) surpasses both the moderates ( m ) and the social democrats ( s ) , making them sweden 's biggest party , according to the latest poll made by yougov . 
  ** in the latest opinion poll by yougov , ordered by metro , the sweden democrats are the biggest party in sweden - for the first time in the party 's history . 
  sd gets 25,2 percent whilst the social democrats ends up with 23,4 percent and the moderates 21,0 percent , yougovs poll shows . 
  a total of 1527 interviews were made through yougov 's self recruited online panel consisting of men and women between the ages of 18-74 . 
  s\u00f6ren holmberg is a professor in political sciences at the university of gothenburg . 
  - `` this is not exactly super surprising . 
  we have seen this trend for a long while , that sds support is increasing . 
  and there is a very simple reason for it '' , s\u00f6ren holmberg says . 
  he means that a factor for the increasing support for sd is shown by the fact that 46 percent of the voters find refugee and immigration policies the most important political question right now , according to yougov 's poll . 
  update 2 : - `` it is also shown that criminality is an important factor that motivates the support for sd . 
  we have had much discussion about that the last weeks with several nasty murder cases that sometimes have been shown to correlate with the question of refugee and immigration policies '' , s\u00f6ran holmberg says . 
  stina morian , political expert , means that yougov 's study has been made during `` special circumstances '' . 
  - `` since it was made in connection with the murders at ikea . 
  the atmosphere online and in social media has been incredibly spiteful during that time . 
  i think it is the climax of a long debate we have had for a very long time , stina morian says . '', 
  only a few days prior to the study was made sds campaign against begging in stockholm 's subway was given much attention . 
  the protests against sd were large then , something that many experts mean was positive for sd . 
  update 3 : stina morian says that it was a long time since politics were about healthcare or school policies . 
  - `` politics these last years has been about integration , immigration , refugees and beggars . 
  and i think that many mix the terms together and thinks that everything is the same thing . 
  the traditional parties have failed to have this debate on their own turf . '', 
  she does not believe that the numbers in yougov 's poll will hold to the next election - but she does believe that sd could be the 2nd biggest party . 
  - `` it is a monumental failure from both s and m . it is a declaration of mistrust against all other parties than sd . 
  if they want to win this debate they need to man up and think about what they are going to do , holding it on sds home turf is not going to work . '', 
  - `` of course a quarter of all swedes are not racist or want to throw out immigrants , but they are very keen on stirring it up a bit and for the other parties to listen to their concerns . '', 
  fuck me , translating was a lot harder than i thought it was ... 
  [ here ] ( https://sd.se/var-politik/invandringspolitik/ ) ( sorry , could only find it in swedish ) . 
  basically they are a typical socially conservative/nationalist party . 
  afaik they want to reduce immigration by 90 % , introduce incentives for immigrants to return home , reinstate regular border checks ( they are very anti-eu ) and promote swedish culture instead of multiculturalism . 
  nice answer , thank you !, 
  it was bugging me a bit why the would n't have just moved it to one of the bigger , more important cities like sevilla but it seems they had their reasons !, 
  cool man , thanks !, 
  iberian history is quite interesting, 
  ah , i see , but why move it to valladolid in the first place ? 
  what was wrong with toledo ? 
  since when is norway basically a large forest ? 
  it 's a large mountain if anything, 
  what happened to toledo ? 
  every time i play euiv it is the capital of castille and madrid is right above it , why did they change it ? 
  h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6 ... 
  everyone are obviously not that attractive, 
  oh poor little boy , yes i am such a racist towards you little angels , of course . 
  what other reason is there to criticise a country/region than racism ? 
  sweden has [ enormous ] ( http://www.diva-portal.org/smash/get/diva2:131146/fulltext01.pdf ) issues with eastern european theft [ leagues ] ( http://www.svd.se/internationella-stoldligor-kartlagda ) and [ trafficking ] ( https://www.advokatsamfundet.se/advokaten/tidningsnummer/2012/nr-8-2012-argang-78/kriminella-natverk-fran-forna-sovjetunionen-tar-plats-i-vast/ ) . 
  have you never heard of balkanite gang wars in scandinavia ? 
  beggars from romania ? 
  baltic workers/truckers severely undercutting scandinavians , rendering thousands of people unemployed since we ca n't afford to live on the wages you guys set ? 
  our police has its own department focused only on eastern european criminality for christs sake . 
  pretending eastern european immigration to the west has brought nothing but positives is not only blind , but also amazingly arrogant and frankly quite rude . 
  but this is what happens in a union , you give and take , because obviously eastern european immigration and the schengen area has brought a lot of positives for both sides aswell .
