  i 'm not exactly tickled by swedish mainstream pop and house either but there is no denying how great they are at what they do, 
  only a couple of years ago your people were these migrants that no one wanted . 
  this is still the case for many people . 
  clean up your own backyard before complaining about others, 
  of course . 
  we do n't drink mondays , tuesdays , wednesdaydc thursdays or sundays ; that is haram . 
  those fridays and saturdays make up for it . 
  that 's much of what 's causing todays problems . 
  swedish/danish biker gangs fighting balkanites, 
  i have never said anything about car bombings in europe !, 
  what i do n't understand is how people view the nordic nations as once violence free utopias . 
  we have always had gangs , we have always had massive drug issues , an excessive alcohol culture relating in many assaults/rapes , high depression rates etc etc. 
  my father too burned cars out of boredom in his youth . 
  i am not saying the nordics have been a particularly dangerous place through the years , but so many treat it like violence was something completely unheard of here until a couple of years ago, 
  that 's very nice to hear , but i do n't see what on earth it has to do with criminal gangs in sweden, 
  wtf we 've always had criminal gangs , why is it so hard to imagine ? 
   republic sentiments rise lol, 
  how awful . 
  time to read the trilogy again and weep . 
  why ? 
  [ i think they are ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lausanne ), 
  academics with high paying jobs living in well off neighbourhoods are the ones least affected by high low skilled immigration, 
  chilling in the familiar climate, 
  lol this is most likely piano players googling their homework , the 1st song people ever learn goes `` spanien , \u00e4r ett land , d\u00e4r man dansar taaangooo '' ( spain is a country where they dance tango '', 
  it 's just how we roll, 
  so fucking triggered atm damn, 
  cyprus is basically in europe , and it 's filled with europeans ( and colonists ), 
  what a vile and racist thing to say, 
  hehe , we get all your doctors fleeing from people like you, 
  okay i am rather drunk right now and i 'm not quite sure , but i seem to remember they will be valid for all of those who came last autumn aswell , which is when they created the draft for the law, 
  yeah seems so ^ ^ they do n't even have to win , they are polling roughly 20 % atm and are already ( as shown by this law ) , influencing the governmen . 
  the centre right , who are as big as the social democrats atm , are going as far as saying they want a full stop on asylum seekers lol, 
  * only temporary asylum from now on * family reunification will be restricted * asylum seekers will have to support themselves the law is supposed to be a temporary law in effect for 3 years , but minister of migration morgan johansson ( s ) says basically that it will be for future lawmakers to decide on ( he knows he wo n't win next election lol ) all parties in parliament except for one , the left party , voted for it, 
  in other news : [ no pause in id-checks during summer ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/skane/uppgift-inget-stopp-for-id-kontroller-i-sommar ) [ board of migration expects 80000 less refugees in 2016 ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/migrationsverket-2 ), 
  lolwat the government even sponsors nationalist media outlets , it is the big medias censoring themselves not the government, 
  i feel the same about mine, 
   fell in love with my ex you okay man ? 
   it was almost oppressing what, 
  there is this strange love relationship going on between turkey and japan actually . 
  both misfits in their immediate surroundings , had some westernisation but not quite western , proud of their heritage etc, 
  to all of you making fun of sweden 5 on masculinity : stop being mean :( most of us actually enjoy being this soft , and it is because of it we built a very great society . 
  it obviously has its downsides , but i would n't ever trade it for the opposite, 
  i am not saying i am pro fp\u00d6 or anything , but if democracy proves itself to destroy the core principles of a society , it is a failed system, 
  serious answer : we hold you to a higher standard and expect better from you than the others . 
  this is an incredibly racist sentiment to have i realize that , but it 's the truth . 
  and democracy can go fuck itself then, 
   i wonder if north europeans and west europeans would now make such discriminative insults about jews . 
  lol , yes ? 
  i clearly remember one of the most popular comedians in sweden making a joke about how his jewish friend and him was eating ice cream together , and the jew getting the cheapest one, 
  lol poland never change, 
  my mother does n't follow politics but as an immigrant she feels obliged to vote left , and milj\u00f6partiet have `` milj\u00f6 '' in their name and the environment is under threat so better vote for them . 
  my dad is much more knowledgeable and i kinda get the feeling he is a bit ashamed of how he voted . 
  he was a communist in his youth , so i think he does n't vote for those parties that align more with his interests on principle rather . 
  who am i to speak though , i voted for a libertarian party who got 700 votes because i did n't really care . 
  we 're a family of idiots, 
   as a swede would you say it could be so ? 
  i do n't know how these people think anymore and to be honest i 've stopped caring . 
  i just zone out and think of cheese or something whenever they talk, 
   so why should sweden get a free pass and continue to be lauded as the beacon of social progress as it often is regarded here on reddit ? 
  i do n't know , we try and tell you all the fucking time that it is a myth and swedes are as stupid as the rest of you but you refuse to listen . 
  both my parents voted for this party , because `` they want to help the environment and that is good is n't it ? '' . 
  i think we might have been too succesful in our pr the last few decades, 
  she has these `` unfortunate missayings '' quite often . 
  she is the same minister who compared the refugee situation in the mediterranean to auschwitz and who complained about her meeting maybe getting cancelled directly after the paris attacks . 
  she is just utterly incompetent and unsympathetic, 
  god i am so tired of romson, 
   privacy , own space . 
  maybe you and us scandinavians have more in common than we think, 
  my god i climax when i see houses like this we have a housing crisis build more soviet blocks stupid government ahhh, 
  dude , citizens can say whatever the fuck they want , ministers ca n't, 
  yes , i think this sounds very reasonable . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure why people would think that such a homogenous and culturally isolated country would be up for mass scale immiration from nations whose cultures are completely opposite to ours was a good idea, 
  first off : these experiences differ a lot from person to person obviously . 
  some handle it better than others . 
  second : america are vastly superior when it comes to integration than western europe . 
  you had the chance of being american , i did n't have the chance of being swedish because no one can agree what that is anymore and no one wants to be it . 
  so i and my family all became completely rootless instead edit : i should clarify : there is absolutely something swedish , it is a very unique culture after all . 
  but it is invisible and not spoken about , so society becomes segregated naturally . 
  it is an interesting phenomenon to witness actually . 
  groups of swedes segregating themselves from immigrants and continuing to openly shit on swedishness and complain how segregated it all is, 
  i think it is hard to get the feeling that you `` fit in '' in modern western societies . 
  i do n't know if it is due to a tradition of individualism or lack of cultural identity . 
  i know it myself , because whenever i go back to my mothers country , it is a completely different sense of `` wow , i kinda belong here '' . 
  couple this with the fact that your `` old country '' has probably been heavily romanticized by your parents , your cousins etc. 
  and it is easy to start growing a resentment towards the country you were born in . 
  `` why do n't they accept me as their own '' and so on . 
  it 's like floating in a limbo of some sort, 
  yeah damn i feel for you man, 
  yeah , went a little overboard there , i am sure most of you are great people , but these paranoid `` bohoo everyone hates me '' types pisses me off, 
  oh my god i need to get out in real life and meet some actual poles because if you all are like on this sub you are the fucking worst the lot of you, 
  just because one part of the volvo group is owned by a chinese company does n't make it chinese wtf lol are seat and skoda german aswell ? 
  that you did n't control the european borders and that this was what the other guy said , not that greece is not a european country, 
  uh i did n't say you should n't rescue them i 'm just stating facts, 
  macedonians live in northern greece , slavs live in fyrom . 
  that greece failed to protect the european borders, 
  lucky for us that there are no macedonians in your country then, 
  that 's not what he means , drop the victim act, 
  so you 're basing your view of `` liberals '' and gays ( i fucking hate this term , the people you are describing does not represent liberalism ) based on having seen the worst of them from one particular nation . 
  hating gay icelandics because of that would be like me figuring that since you 're croatian , you are a piss poor alcoholic , wife beating , uneducated , racist , anti semitic , ugly , no teethed , corrupt , lazy , child raping redneck . 
  that 's the worst of the worst in ee and you 're croatian so according to your logic that 's how i 'm going to assume you are,
