  for sweden : the vasa museum is pretty cool !, 
  an old enormous warship that sunk sometime in the 17th century i believe , that they salvaged and have made a mind boggling job to restorate and keep intact !, 
  you can even walk inside of it , and its masts are visible from far away even outside . 
  for greece : well , this place is buzzing with museums and old remnants . 
  the larger ones are pretty cool , i have heard the new acropolis museum is supposed to be nice , but the best imo is to visit things in their natural habitat , such as the amphitheather in [ dodoni ] ( http://greeceforall.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/ancient-theater-of-dodoni-epirus.jpg ), 
  sweden had a popular referendum about it too and it was rejected here aswell . 
  i think you 're right and it 's kind of sad . 
  we had a really nice thing going there . 
  i am more and more getting this distrustful mentality and i hate it , it is not who i really am . 
  sometimes i wish we would have isolated us from the rest of the world , but i do n't think that would have been good either, 
  blinded by growing up in a society where you could trust fully in everyone of your fellow human beings , and then believing the rest of the world was the same, 
  sweden, 
  the government covered up a classical painting in the parliament building due to it being half nude and deemed inappropriate . 
  we do n't swim nude either, 
  yeah , probably just some strange wording due to english being his 2nd language , 
  most people have never even heard of tallinn , i did n't know the old town looked as nice as it did either . 
  jesus christ it is less than 10x our gdp , i had absolutely no idea the differences were that enormous . 
  well then , seems we both are on a pretty similar levels when it comes to planes/gdp then ... 
   6 and 8 the number we are talking about ? 
  lol . 
  well they are the 16th biggest country in eu so its ok . lol , and people laugh at our pathetic military when we are sporting 100 gripens with 60 more next generation in production, 
  thank god we closed the bridge heh, 
  nuh uh my country has the largest men to women ratio in the world, 
  no but there are definitely reasons why some countries have 3x times the c-section births than some others . 
  it 'd be interesting to know why, 
  yeah boi back on fucking track, 
  finland is of course swedish, 
  i 'm not sure , i have been in temperatures of 90-95 . 
  in the [ sauna championships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_sauna_championships ) the starting temperature is 110, 
  it 's not like your body temperature will rise to 100c just because you spend a while in a 100c room, 
  bit maybe ... 
  it 's kinda cute, 
  you guys have n't noticed our culture is pretty ... out there , by now ? 
  i can imagine it is hard to make friends here, 
  then that is unconsentual intercourse , of course it is rape lol the guy did something sexual against her will , i would definitely call that rape and sexual molestation, 
  there must surely be something more to it than that ? 
  otherwise it would mean i have committed rape several times just because we 've had sex without a condom , which is absurd . 
  rape is forceful penetration against ones will , not a hard concept, 
  god damnit guys we always cheer for you ... 
  it 'd be interesting to see some pictures from stockholms dubway where there is about 0,1 mm space between my dick and my neighbour commuters dick , and i do n't know the french countryside , so we can laugh at how antisocial the latins are, 
  mmyeah and the polish would come for the french and italians , absolutely ... 
  i am so done with the anglosphere jesus ... 
  i wish we did n't look up to you so much, 
   while patten himself looks like someone google image-searched `` sneering fat white aristocrat '' i 'd agree with you . 
  what on earth does that have to do with anything ? 
  yeah damn some people here act like they 've never had to disagree with anyone before, 
  in what way is press freedom not prevalent in sweden ? 
  young swedish men and women , dufus, 
  it means , that both women and men would be conscripted , and that they could help with things like border controls , refugee counting etc. 
  the military is important not only in military matters , they frequently assist during storms , wood fires and floods for example . 
  ganja is slang for weed , and i am immature, 
  doubt it 's going to happen, 
  the fuck lol, 
  haha , that is fantastic !, 
  i always chuckle when i conquer this region in eu4, 
  `` everyone else is barbaric , racist and a homophobe *, 
  the refugees would n't have been here if we had n't told them to come ... 
  aw yeah that 's the life, 
  the key word here is forced, 
  ohh no , insect swarms are horrendous during spring/summer . 
  and it is not fun to be forced to spend 1/3 of the year inside, 
  it is not even close to this in swedish universites trust me, 
  this is easy for you to say because you wo n't be funneling tons of money or receive hundreds of thousands of migrants from them, 
  that 's the attitude of a bully, 
   you 've got a society with a severe fifth columnist problem yeah , thanks to you  aggressive nuclear power to your east lol, 
  or you could stop waving your dick around and leave us the fuck alone . 
  no one cares about your geopolitics bullshit, 
  see this is why we hate you, 
  the world must be hard for you then, 
  yes ? 
  ca n't you take a little hate ? 
  well there is w\u00f6rk in the morning . 
  did you forget the part where basically every country in the eu showed massive support for france after the terrorist attacks ? 
  we do n't hate you that much ... 
  half the world is already here, 
  yeah damn this is me so much too . 
  been slacking my way through high school , getting alright grades . 
  nailed my sats and am starting medicine this spring , so i decided `` hey let 's do something easy and fun first and study history this autumn '' . 
  i have never been fucked in the ass this hard ... 
  you get my point ... 
  sure , but it 's not like bavarians are calling themselves austrians and saying shit like `` mozart was bavarian '' , are they ? 
  and i am not saying cultures should n't spread lol , but no one is celebrating oktoberfest and saying it 's their own tradition are they ? 
  so if czechs would suddenly call themselves bavarians , and lay claim to oktoberfest , lederhosen and other stuff that might be bavarian , do n't you think many bavarians would feel offended and protest ? 
  life is a minimum sentence of 18 years with the possibility of extending it indefinitely . 
  life is a minimum sentence of 18 years with the possibility of extending it indefinitely . 
  life is a minimum sentence of 18 years with the possibility of extending it indefinitely . 
  try and look past the flare then , 
  calm down lol he is joking, 
  i mean , do n't flatter yourself now . 
  we do n't dislike you , most of us really could n't care less , just like you could n't care less about us . 
  now , one needs to be allowed to criticize a countrys actions without being accused of disliking the whole country or , even more importantly , it 's people . 
  no , many of us want them to stay . 
  they may be crybabies but atleast they have a competent government and we do n't have to throw our money towards them, 
  hmm i am not sure i can agree with the slavs part , i have never heard them being described as anything else than white . 
  turks you are correct though . 
  and i am glad i can continute humouring turks on this sub :p hail be baris manco , our lord and saviour . 
  uhh , what ? 
  norway why do n't you buy our planes ? 
  i thought we were bros :(, 
  eurofighter ?
