  there are no such places in stockholm, 
  ` tis a wonderful life we live . 
  there are no `` no-go '' areas as there are in the us for example in stockholm . 
  i know plenty people who work there . 
  it is , however , not the best place to take a walk in the middle of the night on a friday ... 
  i believe most of the illegal weapons in sweden are from the balkans , they moved some of their gang warfare here in the 90s ... 
  uppsala is one of the most prestigious universities here, 
  yes i absolutely prefer the west of today . 
  i just meant that many people romanticize the past , the same kind of people who goes on about the faults of `` my generation '' , `` decadence '' etc. 
  congratulations guys !, 
  spain is a very beautiful country and i have always found spaniards , all sorts of them , to be very kind to me !, 
   just like we see people from a century ago . 
  hmm i would argue it 's the other way around , the `` our civilization has fallen from grace '' argument is thrown around a lot these days ... 
  bavarian culture seems to be having some kind of rennaissance all over the world, 
  haha , touch\u00e9 !, 
  i have absolutely nothing against refugees though , but i sincerely doubt these people coming to sweden are just that , refugees . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  and they 're not going to stay in greece , because there is nothing for them there, 
  i 'm just saying , if shit goes down i 'm not going to cry blood about it . 
  suit yourselves, 
  there 's a difference between being corrupt and being insane . 
  i think swedish politicians are very competent , they 're just absolutely crazy, 
  because it might be poor and indebted but it 's not run by maniacs, 
  so glad over my double citizenship right now ... 
  hah yeah we neither , feels good does n't it ? 
  we would have to invade nations if we are going to deport people without passports by force, 
  yes but they 're hard to take seriously . 
  they 're like a rich kid making fun of you because your parents have to work . 
  big deal, 
  sweden is the biggest country in the nordics and we have for a long time had the biggest industry , immigration , economy , cultural export , research output , army ( that 's debatable today though ) , largest cities etc. 
  being the big brother for centuries made us a bit uhhh ... arrogant and megalomaniacal . 
  if you stand in front of a crowd inciting hatred towards wahhabism and wahhabists in general then yes you could, 
  more portuguese women for me, 
  `` i do n't like wahhabism and do n't agree with what it teaches '' - fine `` wahhabism is retarded , i hate all wahhabists '' - hate speech also for it to be hate speech , you need to say it in public in front of a crowd , actively inciting hatred towards wahhabism . 
  you can say whatever you want to your friends at the pub, 
  lucky for us we have the the biggest air force and navy in the nordics then , 
  they will receive basic training off course , pekka , no country is going to invade us out of the blue, 
  those facts seem very outdated though . 
  for example it says that finland and sweden both have an unemployment rate of 8,1 % , whilst another thread here today showed sweden to have 7,2 % and finland almost 10, 
  what the hell man , this was so cool when i was a kid, 
  [ straight outta kooordistan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf2qtwtkywa ), 
  why ? 
  we have a larger navy and air force than you do , and you know we can call in more people than you do in the case of war right ? 
  get off your high horses, 
  the government can still call in every abled man in the case of war so i do n't see the difference . 
  it 's kinda sad ( for estonia ) that they only have about 1/12 the size of our air force and 1/80th our navy, 
  oh yes of course , that one is a motorwsy today if i 'm not mistaken, 
  no highways in greece ? 
  also fuck yes lunds universitet !, 
  typical continentals not getting our british banter kek, 
  they are all still genocides though , murdering people and defiling their places of prayer and cultures due to their background ca n't be considered anything else than a genocide, 
  yeah but in the article they only mentioned the armenian genocide , let us hope they consider the other two genocodes in an equal light . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  only the armenian genocide ? 
  how about seyfo or the pontic genocide aswell ? 
   cost of living in those countries is also lower . 
  note , i 'm saying cost of living , not quality . 
  you seem knowledgeable in this area and i am certainly not , i am wondering how it comes that the cost of living can be so much cheaper in the east if the quality of life is comparable to the west ? 
  should n't the cost have catched up to western standards as quality does aswell ? 
  of course they can bring their own food to school as well , no one can force you not to eat meat, 
  :( be safe turkbros, 
  fight fight fight, 
  of course not why would they ? 
  how was that what i meant ? 
  i was simply saying that mass sexual assaults and rapes are in no way comparable to a few people shouting `` go back home '' ... 
  i know that poles tend to work hard , wtf has that to do with anything ? 
  lol , if there were mass rapes against poles by roaming british gangs i 'm sure you 'd see angry people here too , stop comparing apples to oranges ... 
  300 even , 
  well memed xd, 
  it already did scale down the inflow , did n't you see my link ? 
  think you could provide some [ sources ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/images/18.2d998ffc151ac3871598fbc/1466403852442/asyls\u00f6k_vecko\u00f6versikt.png ) ? 
  the socialist cynic in me tells me that the pendulum swung to the right really fast as soon as the middle and upper classes started feeling the full effects of their policies aswell . 
  it is remarkable how quickly the debate died down , the left are still showing their resistance but the vast majority are just silently ignoring the topic now and agreeing with the tougher measures the government are desperately throwing at us as an example : i have an old childhood friend , both parents born abroad , who i visited after coming back to town for a few weeks during summer . 
  never spoke to him much about politics , but always seemed to agree with the consensus , and suddenly he tells us all about how open he is about his support for the nationalists and how the situation has completely spiraled out of control . 
  the reason ? 
  five refugees moved in next to him , and they make noise when they barbeque ... 
  some info : the law will be in effect 20th of july and will apply for all of those who came from 24th of november last year . 
  it means that sweden will put itself on the eus `` minimum level '' regarding asylum laws , i.e. 
  as tough as can be without the eu getting mad . 
  it means for example that there will be no family reunion , more thorough age checks will be introduced , id-checks will be made in more places than just the danish borders and no more permanent residence permits . 
  oh and it will be easier to deport people apparently . 
  the law is supposed to be active for 3 years but the opposition wants to make the law permanent . 
  all parties but two ( the left party and the centre party ) voted for the law . 
  there has n't been much talk about it at all tbh just some bishop crying on tv and minor celebrities having their say , the only poll i saw about it said that like 35 % were in favor , 15 % were against it and 50 % did n't know what it meant . 
  [ jag ska ta han ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfghvsvxzua ), 
  god shut the fuck up sweden, 
  i know it is insane, 
   i think generally you 're a bit unfair to greece , its a pretty nice place . 
  greece is the best place in the world but come on , it is insane to compare . 
  have you had a surgery in greece ? 
  been in contact with healthcare services at all ? 
  it is all complete and utter chaos . 
  the doctors are overworked , bribery is rampant , not to talk about the chaotic mess that is greek bureaucracy, 
  lol , if swedish universities consistently place among the highest in europe in all rankings i 'd say it is your experience that is the anomaly . 
  where did you do it ? 
  that is good poland you 're paying for something , baby steps !, 
   poland will pay for everything best joke ever, 
  yes but the other countries are irrelevant cause they did n't invent civilization , duh seriously though , the rest of the balkans claim it too ? 
  the bridge between east & west , 
   ( i 'm 12.5 % finnish , if it helps :p ) just makes it worse mate,
