  quite heavy though, 
  it does sound a lot like `` mock swedish '' , swedish chef in the muppets etc. 
  that 's not even close to our accent though , someone somewhere confused swedish with dutch/afrikaans, 
  care to translate ? 
  `` systematically sending '' sounds like the government are actively bussing people to finland, 
  well , hate to play the devils advocate but , this clip shows a very minor brawl and police separating the two sides in a very effective manner . 
  these kinds of incidents happen each time there is a football derby aswell, 
  hey i 've been there !, 
  bought totally wrong tickets for the train but the conductor let us ride anyway , ate dinner with the sun going down at the beach and had a waitress laugh at the way my friend pronounced `` cerveza '' . 
  did n't realise there were something special about the place until the colombians at the hostel made fun of us for going 3 guys to a gay beach ... good times !, 
  it 's by far the gayest place i 've ever visited . 
  absolutely terrific country, 
  where the fuck were the swiss police in that video ?? 
  a mass brawl like that with dozens of onlookers the police should have been there in a matter of minutes !, 
  welcome to the dark side, 
  we have that one with somalis in sweden, 
   looks like sweden finally did something of use . 
  if i know my country right this guy will be praised to the skies by our media, 
  why re-open the coal mines ? 
  as i 've come to understand it they were ridiculously unprofitable, 
  it seems as if communism brought one good thing with it it 's the empowering of women in the working force . 
  in the west we are still quite new on this front compared to you !, 
  ah , reason i asked is because i think i 've heard that stereotype before , hehe  but we ca n't compare to sweden vastly overrated ... got nothing on the glorious spaniards, 
  are basque women not pretty or what ? 
  many of those 20 % are as swedish as it gets though . 
  i am included in those 20 % , and i 'd be hitlers wet dream, 
  the majority should decide the policies , just like it works in every other democracy, 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard lol, 
  only this time germany are weak as shit . 
  seriously , why are we so afraid of them ? 
  they have no army to speak of , and their economy is super reliant on the rest of us . 
  that 's not at all true , stop spreading lies . 
  they were bussed to a northern town called grytan where they were supposed to stay at a refugee camp . 
  some did not want to since , according to them , they had been told by the authorities they could stay in malm\u00f6 . 
  they then hunger striked on the bus for a few days , the police said `` k '' and the refugees eventually gave up . 
  they now live in \u00d6stersund , where they were supposed to live after staying at the refugee camp for a while . 
   germany will re-distribute those people around europe after their application has been accepted anyways . 
  yeah good luck with that, 
  it did not have at all the same impact , since we do not hold even half the political clout of germany, 
  united in colour !, 
  ukraine/sweden , the new austria/hungary of europe ? 
  took you a while guys ... 
  i think so too . 
  it 's what people thought would happen in the beginning , but the other parties have been really stubborn , and they really ca n't go 180 in their policies now , they would have no credibility what so ever left . 
  yeah they did poll at 25.2 % in a yougov poll rendering them the biggest party , but most other polls have them around 20 % . 
  still , they are huge , and it 's an enormous change in swedish politics . 
  i doubt they would be able to form a government , since no one is ever going to be able to cooperate with them without commiting political suicide . 
  they would be asked by the speaker to form one , but it would just lead to new elections . 
  i have no idea what would happen if they would succeed though , i can hardly even imagine it . 
  i 'm guessing there would be large scale orders , police/army would refuse to enforce the new governments orders , public sector workers would strike etc. 
  we certainly have a turbulent but interesting time ahead of us if that ever happens !, 
  well , economically most parties are quite far to the right . 
  socially however you 're right , there has n't really been any alternative for conservatives before sd came along , which is why they can grow so exponentially right now , even being such a controversial party . 
  there simply is no other alternative . 
   but they are libertarians on policy yeah precisely this is what i meant . 
  on social policies they seem like night and day, 
  it 's like they are from a completely different decade . 
  not at all like ukip , way more conservative ( far too conservative for my taste ) . 
  what people are worried about is that they came from a very sketchy background and still many people in the party hold those values . 
  since they are the only feasible party to vote for if you are against immigration , they attract all the possible types of people you could imagine . 
  i have met many sd voters with less than pleasant attitudes . 
  but shit , they are totally right on the current migration issues . 
  they are hard to compare with ukip , eu is not sds biggest concern , but they have more or less the same stance on that one . 
  ukip seems more like a one question party , these guys have really big plans on how to reform society , and they are very `` value conservative '' if you know what i mean . 
  we 've worked so hard for this title and germany just comes and snatches it at the end ... :( no but really , our politicians are dead silent atm , not wanting to further feed the big growing blob that is sd by taking a `` pro-german '' stance , but still holding true to their image as the saviours of the world . 
  they 're probably delighted that merkel lost her mind, 
  i 'm just happy we 're not the crazies anymore, 
  seriously . 
  i 'm becoming more and more pro russian expansion for every day this situation continues, 
  yes . 
  there are no refugees in sweden , germany or hungary , you have to cross many safe countries to get to these places . 
  they should not be granted asylum , they are economical migrants not refugees . 
  however we should do more to help the nations close to syria ( turkey , lebanon etc ) handling the refugees . 
  because we 've tried this strategy several times already , we know how it 's going to go down, 
  i can assure you malm\u00f6 has a higher standard of living than 95 % of all eastern european cities . 
  it sounds incredibly cool . 
  also i have a special connection with it . 
  when i was a kid my father took me to see a euro qualifier between sweden and azerbaijan , and at the time i was obsessed with pokemon , so i misheard azerbaijan as `` alakazam '' . 
  alakazam was my favourite pokemon at the time , so i thought it was hilarious that sweden were playing alakazam . 
  so now everytime i hear azerbaijan i think of being a happy kid with my dad at a football game . 
  yeah but that whole ordeal has started to die down now already , give it a few years and they will fade back to irrelevance with georgia . 
  azerbaijan though ... with a name like that relevance is granted, 
  everyone knows azerbaijan because of their name though, 
  completely unheard of for the vast majority of the population . 
  most people have probably only heard about hemingway or twain . 
  hell , out of that list i have only really enjoyed hemingway, 
  well , as you say , baltic/polish/greek etc doctors all study swedish very intensively prior to coming here . 
  this guy has n't learned the language after 2 years , he has only himself to blame, 
  adolf probably took a shit once too the fucker, 
  it 's not admirable . 
  imagine having your whole nation being this naive , not living in reality . 
  it 's incredibly frustrating, 
  really ? 
  germany are more extreme than we are now ? 
  you can come out of your hiding now , we are no longer the crazies of r/europe !, 
  you 're on to something revolutionary here ... 
  this time we will raid you with our newfound weapon : * immigrants *, 
  imagine being in a cultural limbo , not french enough to be french and not syrian enough to be syrian . 
  everyone wants to belong somewhere , leading people to go overboard with trying to connect to their long lost , and heavily romanticized , ancestry . 
  yeah you guys are pretty much the same in this regard i reckon .
