  well to be honest we do n't have the numbers for non-whites in this picture, 
  it 's cold up here, 
  swedish - f\u00f6rg\u00e4tmigej - forget me not, 
  well you know , having half your family in another country you mostly get to visit them during the summers when everyone is free , the weather is fantastic and you can just have a blast with all those people who are so friendly with you and are so excited to see you . 
  suddenly your home country , where you have had both ups and downs , and whose downsides are much clearer to you , become a lot less attractive . 
  after having been visiting my family abroad for six weeks this country is so depressing, 
  yes i have 3l of my grandfathers homemade tsipouro i just smuggled home from greece and i 'm moving to a new town . 
  fun times !, 
  it 's all about how you drink . 
  germany/france/spain etc all probably drink just as much or even more alcohol per capita as we do , but with none of our problems . 
  alcohol is seen only as a measure to get drunk in sweden , nothing else ( slight exaggeration but you see the point ), 
  do n't forget that sweden has been essentially socialist since the 20s , these values are very ingrained in our culture, 
  i 'm not sure it would be much worse . 
  in fact it often creates a situation where you either get your hands on 1l of vodka/24 cans of beers or nothing at all until you are 20 . 
  which is the worst thing that could happen when you have a drinking culture like ours, 
  i mean yeah if most people like it this way ( and they do ) then why not , to me it just represents everything wrong with this culture and i truly detest it, 
  it 's a very unique concept indeed and i hate it . 
  personal freedoms are not valued as highly in sweden as in many other european nations, 
  no i might have expressed myself clumsily . 
  you can buy alcohol in one special chain of shops , `` systembolaget '' , and this shop is owned by the government . 
  they have some strange opening times , for example they are n't open on sundays , but the sortiment is pretty nice . 
  other stores can sell beer/cider/wine etc as long as the alcohol amount is not higher than 3,5 %, 
  misery equals happiness in the north my friend, 
  it 's an attempt to get the population to drink as little as possible , same reason why only the government can sell alcohol outside of bars and clubs, 
  they own the islands , and british people are living on them . 
  what other reasons do you need ? 
  netherlands , his flair is the flag of amsterdam, 
  first they take my snus , then my delucious kokoretsi ... buzzkills, 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/largest-cities-throughout-history-2013-1?op=1 what other city might it have been during that period ? 
  during justinian it was certainly the most populous atleast, 
  yes . 
  i am his long lost swedish son , destined to one day continue his legacy, 
  christ man lay off the drama . 
  you 're doing a fucking horrible job here , man up and fix it instead of crying, 
  this time it 's kind of justified ... 
  if they 're going anywhere i 'll make sure they come to sweden , 
  half my family is greek and i am here right now . 
  it is very sad to speak to my cousins , since it is so painfully obvious that there is absolutely no future for them here . 
  yet they struggle on, 
  ridicuously progressive how ? 
  the government took down a famous reinaissance painting from one of their meeting rooms last year , because they found it indecent . 
  it 's a purist country , not progressive, 
   do we really wish to , at large , cling to ` legality ' as the arbitrary and deciding factor of any given thing 's , though laws in particular rightness , necessity , or justification for being ? 
   yes ? 
  wtf the police do not decide the law , their job is to uphold it . 
  if they are not they are not doing that job properly they should be fired, 
  nothing will ever beat the british grenadiers imo . 
  you ca n't get more badass than taking over the world and enslaving millions of natives to a such cheery tune, 
  thought as much !, 
  i know we have the same issues in greece, 
  huge black economy , people living with their parents and farmers . 
  that 's my guess atleast, 
  more like `` long distant cousins we have to meet every christmas '', 
  if austria would suffer a civil war , how many refugees do you think turkey would accept compared to germany ? 
  you only need to double that number now to reach our level !, 
   albania  nose job hahaha oh my sides, 
  mate i 'm piss poor x-tra is the shit, 
  muslim dick is the best dick, 
  one of the two statements might be a lie, 
  i studied spanish for 4 years in school , just wanted to flash my amazing skills, 
  well the biggest intellectuals are sometimes the most stupid of them all, 
  heh , you 're right i do , i can not control time though , that privilege is only for the greeks . 
  how else does one work the longest hours whilst being the laziest people on the continent ? 
  black magic, 
  they live in 4 dimensions, 
  is that where all the weed and hookers are ? 
  an hour spent protesting is an hour not working . 
  it 's not economically feasible my friend . 
  the only kind of sex !, 
  i think they would, 
  oh right , sorry i should have specified i was talking about the nordics as a whole , heh, 
  what the hell are you `` heeeeyyying '' for \u00c5land ? 
  also when are you moving back ? 
  they 'll come around , they love us, 
  they can join when they become more homosex, 
  just like the uk we too have been pretty isolated from europe , thanks to our geographical position . 
  there is no european solidarity here and there never have been , we have mostly been involved with ourselves and occasionally the russians . 
  you bring the muscle we 'll bring the money , the empire will return !, 
  swefinnorden would be the 10th biggest economy in the world , i think we 'd do alright . 
  weeell would you not rather be controlled by frermany than china ? 
  do n't you have your own subreddits to be at ? 
  sch\u00e4uble-bot perhaps, 
  not many in the northern states are happy about this . 
  in fact , most people i have spoken to think it 's shameful and spineless of us not to have kicked greece out of the eu already . 
  this ` solidarity and european integration ' mumbo jumbo idealism really does n't exist amongst the common northern man . 
  we 're in it for the trade and economic advantages , nothing else, 
  and just let them continue fudge their numbers and fuck around ? 
  what 's the purpose of rules and laws if you are not going to enforce them ? 
  what else should they do ... ? 
  if pensioners were working they would have even more money to spend, 
  i know , i 'm sorry , i should n't play in to stereotypes . 
  people do it all the time about my country too and it 's pretty frustrating . 
  it just felt like such an american thing to say ... 
  that amount of violence would certainly have attracted those reactions where i live, 
  wow that is one well behaved audience . 
  no one crying or screaming `` police brutality !!! '', 
  yes we are certainly no role model either :p but the brits man , they 're on a whole different level, 
  what , brits ca n't drink . 
  they drink until they vomit then they repeat it until they pass out . 
  that 's not skill , that 's insanity !,
