  american healthcare is certainly not bad just very expensive, 
  if the english leave i 'd love a referendum here too . 
  does n't feel particularly safe without them, 
  very beautiful thank you , i will show these to my mother , 
  those guys are here aswell, 
   making a decision they have no business making whose decision is it to make if not the dutch ?? 
  whether or not the netherlands ratifies this agreement or not should be up to the dutch and the dutch only, 
  yeah heaven forbid europeans should have a say on matters in their own countries ... 
  lol, 
  do you mean when other nations join a defensive alliance ? 
  how is that comparable to expanding your borders ? 
   and 170000 sq.km are not expansionism . 
  huh ? 
  the left here were not as stupid as your left was , they took control of academia then did their things in the shadows instead . 
  i studied history with a class of to-be teachers last year , they were all the sort of people who would be furious if you did n't `` use the right pronouns '' etc. 
  these opinions are by far the norm in social studies academia and especially within the teacher programs, 
  haha i knew it was some francophone crazyness, 
  i believe egypt , turkey and tunisia used to ban the veil, 
  the all powerful western racist conspiracy against the poor easterners , duh, 
   and at the same time swedish schools ban swedish flag . 
  or maybe you have been fed propaganda that is n't exactly true . 
  in my school they hoisted the flag every flag day and graduation day , we also sang psalms before christmas/summer breaks, 
  we have all seen it, 
  i 'd like to see you shoveling snow at 6am in pitch black and -20 degrees , 
   if you work in an industrial area where there are only factories and storages what do you do btw ? 
  you can bring food from home in a little box  we do that in uni atm and suddenly 1h15 min lunch is like an ocean of time, 
   slavs are slaves to you westerners , you are racist svines , you do not respect our customs '' nah no one takes that seriously anymore you too are blessed with white privilige these days :p, 
   it happened at 21.00 when there was a football match of turkey with some european country so everybody was watching the match when attack occured . 
  it was against us . 
  i remember getting a notification for a poll on my football app prior to the game start saying `` due to the current security situation , is it right to hold the match in turkey ? '', 
  and thinking `` come on , do n't be ridiculous '' ... :(, 
  and if isis was a legitimate nation with an army etc we 'd have stopped them long ago, 
  my god how can they speak so fast, 
  they do pretty well in our universities though, 
  to me it 's a question of respect , and the ( slavic ) macedonians show none . 
  not to talk down on all macedonians if course , mostly their politicians who are pushing this narrative, 
  some people are proud of their ancestry , and do n't want others falsely claiming what is in their eyes very important . 
  there is nothing wrong with that, 
  i think that is a bit too simple an explanation , most people are n't single issue voters . 
  were they for the expansion ? 
  was it important enough to switch parties for ? 
  also i have nothing to back my claims up , i 'm only saying what i believe and the general impression i get from people around me on this issue . 
  one can hope, 
  we are not going to integrate them no way . 
  some people are really trying to but if they do n't want to then how could we do it ? 
  if you could n't for hundreds of years we wo n't in only a few ... 
  many people here live and grew up so sheltered and protected from reality that they one hundred percent believe everything these beggars tell them . 
  and they 're the ones in power too, 
  geopolitically of course it was a good move , but for the common people all that has come for it is more money funneled to corrupt governments , beggars on the streets and wage dumping . 
  if you have a relevant education that is needed here you are more than welcome , but yeah wage dumping is an issue , 
   but than why did you want us in the eu ? 
   to be honest , i do n't think most of us did . 
  i rarely hear people saying it was a good idea . 
  it 's not like we have much influence over that anyway ... 
   in the winter you would wake up to go to school and it was still pitch black welcome to my life , 6 months a year ... :(, 
  the way he pronounces his rs when he speaks english is absolutely beautiful though, 
  he looks like a murderer, 
  source : eurostat the different countries that are written out are : germany ( tyskland ) hungary ( ungern ) sweden ( sverige ) austria ( \u00d6sterrike ) the dates are from april 2015 to january 2016, 
  i do n't know what those words mean but yay big boats !, 
  [ they are !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/queen_elizabeth-class_aircraft_carrier ), 
  to spend your days calling 85 year old agda trying to fool her to buy socks for slave wages when you have an engineering degree from university is considered pretty shitty yeah, 
  it is not double think . 
  they never claimed to like the west , just the economical benefits it brings them, 
  no , not your tax euros, 
  drinking, 
  well , even in a immigrant welcoming country like sweden many are against migrants  i think though , generally , that the case is that these countries all have such high trusts in their own governmental management that the eu leaders seem incompetent , whilst in many other countries people mistrust their own politicians so much that the eu politicians seem much better . 
  broadly speaking people have always kind of trusted our own politicians here more than in many other countries . 
  rich countries that have experienced a net drain monetarily and hundreds of thousands of unskilled workers working for slave wages and putting natives out of a job i think is the reason, 
  if they could do it then why ca n't we now ? 
  poland is hardly the only nation to get fucked in history . 
  yet they are the ones with the most prominent `` boohoo everyone hates me '' complex i have ever met . 
  look at the israelis , polish struggles fade compared to them yet in my experience they hold mabe 1/10th of the grudges the polish do . 
  oh , and couple this with an insane delusion of grandeur , poor work ethics ( yes they work hard i admit that but they also cheat in every way possible ) and a general hatred for everyone who chooses to form their society in a way they dislike makes them the most unsympathetic people i have ever come across, 
  well damn now i feel bad, 
  fucking polish people with their megalomaniacal tendencies and thinking everyone is out to get them . 
  no one gives a shit about you lot , stop acting like we do, 
  i do n't really care who the president of the us is . 
  trump seems like a lot of fun though, 
  nature is nice but otherwise it 's kinda boring here tbh, 
  i pay 64 % tax , i work 65 hours a week ( 25 hours unpaid overtime ) hur fan lyckades du med det d\u00e4r haha, 
  aha , thank you !, 
  what is a hewal ? 
  thank you baba, 
  whatever you say , i 'm sick of some peoples persecution complex on this sub . 
  like people were out to get them . 
  the vast majority of us does n't cone to shit on other people , stop pretending like that would be the case . 
  no one is percecuting you , no one has an agenda against you , no one thinks you `` deserved this '' , we are all obviously saddened when something like this happens , turk or frenchman or italian . 
  grow up . 
  yes , but even worse ^ ^, 
  i do n't think so to be honest . 
  i can only speak for my family and friends of course but not many would care if it only were about the name , old macedonia existed where modern macedonia is after all . 
  it is taking greek culture as ones own , climbing mount olympus with the macedonian sun , claiming greek heroes as their own etc that pisses people off . 
  it 's like if we would suddenly come to own * wherever petter northug is from * and claim he won dozens of medals for sweden ( sorry , northug is the only famous norwegian i can think of hehe ), 
  it 's not just the name thing , it is the building alexander statues etc. 
  some people are mad about, 
  inhabited by greeks, 
   i know greece is n't popular here why ? 
  that 's not at all my perception . 
  i even have a swedish speaking finn in my class that refuses to speak finnish,
