  it is the iranians who should adapt in this case , not the french . 
  this is just as rude on the iranians side as if hollande would demand wine being served in tehran, 
  god speed polan, 
  it is not so abundant that it 's cheaper to make marble stairs than for example cement ones ... 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  no , greece never forced anyone to loan them money , but they have still been used irresponsibly !, 
  the fact that we agreed to give greece money does n't make anything better, 
  this is precisely what i mean . 
  it should be !, 
  you do n't need those things , just as much as we do n't need beautiful pavements made out of individual stones . 
  cheap , ugly asphalt works just as well . 
  ever since greece joined the eu we 've been burning other countries money , really my mothers village is building a fucking square with solid marble stairs , in a village where max 1 thousand people lives and there is no fully functioning water supply . 
  the reason `` it 's german money '' . 
  pathetic . 
  but i did n't mean to take this out on you , sorry, 
  you stole their money , so, 
  jesus christ it was obviously a joke, 
  yes they also announced the name change to `` new nsdap '' , forgot to translate that sorry, 
  in many polls sd has been higher than m , for all we know it might be sd refusing to cooperate with m, 
  if this crisis have showed anything it is that all parties `` values '' and `` principles '' are thrown out the window as soon as the public opinion changes ... 
  yeah i am kind of counting with the rest of the alliance doing as m tells them to , but you are absolutely right, 
  theoretically yes they can do that . 
  i think that the sweden democrats proposed this a while ago , but i think that the opposition said they would n't support such a statement . 
  this was however before the `` winds changed direction '' regarding the attitude towards refugees and when the opposition and government had made a deal with eachoter called `` the december agreement '' ( d\u00d6 ), 
  it is an interesting statement , as it basically means that more than 50 % of the parliament support harsher measures on immigration . 
  translation of the three core points regarding refugees during their press conference earlier today : * temporary border checks to gain control over who comes to sweden . 
  denied entrance for persons who have chosen not to register as an asylum seeker when they have passed through other eu-countries . 
  * the process of sending back those who are denied asylum shall be sped up and made more effective * sweden should demand lowered eu-fee as a compensation for our generous refugee acceptance the moderates are the 2nd biggest party in sweden and are currently the leaders of the opposition , they ruled from 2006-2014, 
  morocco edit : oh right , why . 
  as a big fuck off to the swedish board of migration for denying my girlfriends visa request, 
  yeah but why do we need to attract those who are least compatible with our culture and way of life here ? 
  do n't you think there are millions of indians , chinese , russians etc who would be much more appropriate to bring here , and would actually be more willing to adapt ? 
  yeah it is true that is very possible too !, 
  yeah we have the same problem in the nordics , but you guys seem even crazier about it tbh, 
  exactly . 
  and it 's written as if the french were the only people in the world who does n't want such things . 
  and then there is the whole `` do n't eat our glorious food in the wrong way you uncultured swine '' . 
  to me it just reeks of typical french `` we are the only civilized country in the world '' arrogance ... 
  this is the most pretentious thing i 've read all day ... 
  huh i was taught in greek sunday school it was made by greek missionaries, 
  please , do n't label it as liberalism . 
  liberalism condones true free speech where no opinion is too haram to state . 
  it 's easy to forget that we have basically all been murdering eachother for thousands of years here :p this friendship stuff is relatively new, 
  yes i see where you are coming from . 
  but it 's pretty naive to think that we could prevent tens of thousands of refugees from crossing our borders to you when nations like germany , austria and italy wo n't do it . 
  everyone is just afraid to act on anything these days . 
  well , sans hungary, 
  no one is honouring anything anymore in the eu, 
  you 're a sovereign nation , erect a wall on the border if you please, 
  it is stubbornness mixed with stupididty, 
  what 's the point of being filthy rich when you 're going to spend it on another countries ' population anyways ? 
  ugh , one half of my family is like that too ... thankfully , the other half are immigrants themselves , everything is acceptable to say there , 
  it 's those sneaky jews is n't it ? 
  your mum is the dumbest fucking shit !, 
  no but really , i never said this party is going to hold any power . 
  but even if the party would have 15 % of the votes ( as an example ) and not hold any power in parliament , they would still hold influence on society . 
  and i do n't know what you 're talking about with your second paragraph . 
  it has been proven time and time again that parties have copied more extreme parties policies as to steal back their voters . 
  it has happened in my country recently . 
  what 's to say some major parties in bruxelles wo n't do the same if this party reaches high levels of support ? 
  have you never been outside the nyc metro area ? 
  that 's the dumbest fucking shit i 've heard today . 
  that 's roughly 8 % of the muslim population in brussels . 
  can you seriously imagine a nazi party having support from 8 % of the white population in brussels ? 
  that every 12th white guy you see in brussels were a nazi ? 
  these guys are not a completely marginalised party , and given that 8 % of their potential voter base already votes for them ( after only 3 years ) , i do n't think we should count them out this early . 
  and why the change in attitude then ? 
  i bet they would , but he 's going to have to step down soon anyways so who cares, 
  hmm , i have always had the impression that the army took over and `` sorted shit out '' for a lack of a better expression everytime this type of stuff happened in turkey , what became of that ? 
  lol , do n't tell me that you would pass up the opportunity to create an amazing monument of yourself if you were the leader of a big country, 
  they are intelligent people with highly sought after skills and connections , why would n't they go into leading positions in succesful corporations ? 
  because it 's not such a gross overexaggeration here, 
  condoms are a god damn nightmare though . 
  seriously , it 's like a prison, 
  yes maybe , but they make good music , so it 's cool, 
  yeah i 'm not even going to pretend i was trolling , i totally misstook it for a hungarian one all westerners are equally ignorant yknow, 
  yes you are just afraid of admitting it, 
  we love all our neighbours ... 
  well we make our own planes and tons of other military equipment . 
  i know , i am a shame to my continent . 
  you need to punish me now ... big boy magyar , i have been naughty , 
  yes , we have many many bad qualities , but being trustworthy is one quality i am very proud of !, 
  unfortunately i ca n't speak on the trustworthiness of baltics , my experience with you lot is very limited :p, 
  we ca n't drink alcohol on the streets in sweden either :(, 
  this reminds me of a finnish girl who posted in r/sweden a year or so ago . 
  she wanted to go on the adventure of her lifetime , to get away from all the boring finns , and other `` non-exotic '' nordic people . 
  so she went to eastern europe , on a bus tour of some sort . 
  at one point she needed to go to the bathroom or something , and did n't dare to leave her belongings behind when she went there . 
  then she sees those two loud ( probably drunk ) swedish guys who she hated with a passion on the tour ( that 's who she wanted to get away from after all ) , and trusts them with all her belongings . 
  the swedes happily watch all her stuff until she is done , and they all continue their respective journeys . 
  that story always brings a smile on my face , in our respective regions we always give eachother a lot of shit , but in the end we are much closer than we think, 
  yes but you would get this warm fuzzy feeling of having punished someone, 
  my girlfriend is moroccan , i am no stranger to hardcore islam . 
  i 'll survive, 
  yeah yeah , whatever , have fun, 
  i 'd rather be a coward than a homicidal , puritan maniac, 
  there is no argument , i 'm just stating a fact, 
  i 'd very much like to see that report, 
  no , they use vw and mercedes for their police buses, 
  i am talking about cities such as new orleans where there are 40 homicides per 100k people a year , or downtown baltimore .
