  it 's a european plane , hardly `` british '', 
  we make our own planes . 
  do you make your own planes ? 
  mate that was like 250 years ago, 
  i agree that these values are vastly mistinterpreted by many, 
  well , our whole culture is built around tolerance , understanding and respect for others these days . 
  saying that you go against these values is really offensive and extremely hurtful . 
  no one wants to be called that, 
  cool , 
  yes this is absolutely what i believe . 
  they have plenty information on all sorts of people that go to syria to fight , do n't you think they know what mosques they attend ? 
  hell , we even had a documentary , made by our version of the bbc , in this country that exposed imams talking about the radical islam they were teaching . 
  this is not exactly a secret . 
  america is one of the more violent places in the world ... 
   nor they are radicalized in all mosques . 
  you ca n't just close them on sight because it 's a muslim place of cult . 
  you close the ones you find are places of radicalization . 
  which is what happened there . 
  i never said we should close down all mosques ...  or the fact we did n't went all nsa to basically read the actions of millions of muslims constantly just to spot the few places of radicalization you barely have to go all nsa to realize many mosques are places of radicalization . 
  i am fairly certain all western european governments are aware of what goes on inside some mosques , i mean you just need to talk to some worried parents of radicalized youth to realize it . 
  that 's not what i am saying . 
  people are n't radicalized in schools , so there is no need to raid them and close them down . 
  we have known that mosques are a hotspot for radicalization and isis recruitment , and the fact we have n't acted on it earlier is certainly `` looking the other way '' . 
  let 's be real , they must have known such things might exist in some mosques for a loong time, 
  that 's really only weird if you see all `` non-natives '' as one unified entity , which creates a very false picture, 
  sure , but london is a capital and capitals tend to have lower amounts of votes for nationalists , fn did n't do great in paris either . 
  a better comparison would be ukip in manchester , birmingham , etc, 
  i am talking about the average guy on the street . 
  it is a politicians job to care about other countries . 
  do you think anyone seriously gives a shit about albania or albanians ? 
  most could n't even place it on a map . 
  and i am fairly sure it is the same on their behalf regarding us, 
  yeah sure man whatever makes you sleep at night, 
  all of the world thinks everyone else hates them . 
  seriously , stop feeling persecuted , no one hates you we could n't care less, 
  one might even start to believe this was all just an ingenious plan of finally getting danish society to collapse ... 
  i mean , i would rather think that than the fact we fucked up monumentally and is now panicking our way out of the situation, 
  oh yes !, 
  i never met so many dumb people until i started university , but wow are they intelligent !, 
  ehh ... what ? 
  some of the dumbest people are usually very intelligent, 
  stop invading our air space , you food stealer, 
  she is absolutely insane , and the curent party leader least people [ trust ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/fortroendetapp-for-lofven-och-romson ), 
  well one needs planes to violate airspace , 
  yeah you link to one conservative news site ... 
  i think you 're blowing this way out of proportion mate . 
  aside from some people on reddit , no one really cared , or even knew , about this incident . 
  was this what i asked about ? 
  what sorts of media said such things ? 
  this feels so crazy to say as a swede lol , but maybe you could take care of your southern borders mate ? 
  the situation is tricky . 
  the media has no obligation to report on immigrant crime , and so it ca n't really be seen as censorship if you 're just not reporting on it . 
  several media outlets do of course , so it is not like it 's forbidden in any way to report on it . 
  i 'm so lost right now lol, 
  yeah but you know , they contributed this good thing like 400 years ago , we should totally be forever grateful to them, 
  no , we did n't really care , sorry, 
  yes ? 
  wtf are you suggesting , that the president of poland was n't elected by his people ? 
  of course the west holds a tremendous influence on poland and eastern europe , but is that the same as not being a sovereign nation ? 
  is norway not a sovereign nation because the us holds influence on them ? 
  jesus , stop crying and get yourselves together , you do n't need to be the us bitch if you do n't want to , just as we do n't have to . 
  we all choose it . 
  the poles allowed the cia to do that ... 
  no , they are sovereign because they are free to create laws and rule within the borders of their own nations . 
  they are sovereign nations , no one can force them to do anything, 
   sweden was poor during the 60 's and thus missed that import wave of third world immigrants . 
  we did however import many finns , greeks , balkanites etc, 
  ... we 've been marshal planning the hell out of you since the end of the su , how about you stand up for yourselves for once ? 
  yeah we integrated pretty well up here, 
  malm\u00f6 is the center of the world , stop talking shite, 
   europe wo n't forget he allowed isis to exist longer than it had to yes we will lol, 
  to give some context : swedish security police authorities ( s\u00c4po ) raised the swedish national terror threat to a 4 out of 5 a few days ago , based on the fact that a concrete threat was imminent on sweden , and that the `` brain '' behind it all was operating in sweden now . 
  this caused a bit of a stir in sweden , people have been worried , police presence have been increased greatly , and s\u00c4po were handed some money . 
  this man , mutar muthanna majid , was arrested today . 
  yes indeed , hahaha . 
  quite humorous . 
  we secured hundreds of greek islands against the turks for hundreds of years , what makes you think we ca n't do it today ? 
  a fucking chain used to work ... 
   british white people bullshit , thank you . 
  like there 's a difference ... what do you mean where have europeans travelled and integrated ? 
  to plenty of other european countries , and the rest of the world too . 
  look up greeks in australia for example . 
  or italians in america . 
  or scandinavians in america . 
  or spanish in south america . 
  there are plenty of examples ... 
  fuck off with your american `` white people '' bullshit, 
  i know these schools in stockholm , they attract all the retards . 
  there are fringe extremists in all countries , sweden is not an exception, 
  do n't be retarded , russia would n't invade finland , they do n't have the guts, 
  i do n't think that 's what he said ... 
  a few crazy communist kids expressing desire not to hear about white heterosexual couples at one school \\ = teacher 's ca n't teach it ... 
  where did you read that ... ? 
   you 're irrelevant europe . 
  says croatia lol, 
  see this is where the fact that europe is not a common entity becomes so obvious . 
  in sweden alcohol is much more regulated than in the us for example, 
   then the nordics would have to drink more fine by me !, 
  exactly !, 
  what kind of a fucking headline is this ?
