  no disrespect though , i love watching it, 
  i mean , with the risk of being both racist and sexist now , and i apologise profoundly in beforehand , i 'll just say this : i grew up partly in greece , and greek girls/women could scare the shit out of me ... 
  in sweden , not so much, 
  i can imagine ... 
  corruption is pretty damn crazy in greece , i remember my father getting a parking ticket there once . 
  my mothers cousin , who happens to own a bakery , brought a huge cake down to the police station , and suddenly my dad did n't have to pay his ticket anymore !, 
  perhaps there is some kind of force field stopping officers from entering all over the greek side of the aegean ? 
  would n't surprise me if the turks had something to do with it ... 
  so let 's just give up then ? 
  we 're not going to solve it , because we have islands ? 
  i am sorry if i 'm sounding rude but jesus christ ... 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about enforcing regular checks and decreasing tax evasion . 
  romania has done a great job on that front , so why could n't greece ? 
  no one wants to pay taxes in europe but if we do n't we will have the government breathing down our necks , why ca n't the greek government be as effective with that as the rest of us are ? 
  i agree . 
  this attitude is to me very symptomatic of the whole problem , the pressure should n't in any way be upon tourists/europe to fix problems deeply ingrained in greek culture , it should be on the greeks themselves . 
  if they manage to do it in romania then why not in greece ? 
  well not everyone are super knowledgeable about english slang , especially not some tired middle aged pr guy 14 years ago, 
   is not your responsibility to make sure he pays the taxes . 
  exactly so why should i bother ? 
  i 'm not going to babysit the greeks and make them pay taxes making me look like a cunt . 
  if they want to avoid paying taxes i 'm not going to stop them, 
  why ? 
  can i get in trouble for not asking for one or what ? 
  what am i looking at here ? 
  istanbuls growth is certainly more impressive than moscows, 
  true . 
  `` immigrants '' and `` immigration '' really are such bad words to use in contexts like these , because they lump highly qualified american engineers together with uneducated farmers from somalia . 
  damn istanbul has grown like crazy, 
  ouch that 's harsch !, 
  things like that make me glad to live in stockholm, 
  i 'm sure it does, 
  i 'm very sceptical the other nations have so much better impressions of all these groups than the danes , we 're just a bit more scared to say it, 
  danes do n't give a fuck , that 's why we like them . 
  nice contrast to the rest of northern europe, 
  nah , germanic languages behave this way . 
  all the examples frenchie mcfrench listed are true in swedish aswell , except for wallpaper . 
  we were the barbarians and latins the civilized after all . 
  you are hardly a good representative of the average european . 
  trust me , atleast in my country there are more people who looks down on certain europeans and see them as third world peoples , than feel a common identity with them . 
  eventually , the baltics could join and have an amazing baby boom . 
  scotland would realise they are really nordic , and the ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ nordic empire would see the light of dawn !, 
  forever united in ordnung, 
  for a sane person . 
  damn i 'm 19 and i make my hotel reservations months ahead . 
  fun must be scheduled, 
  there might be different dialects of swedish where v is pronounced like w , `` v\u00e4rml\u00e4ndska '' ( or `` w\u00e4rmlenska '' if you 're a native in that region ) might be one . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had the same issue though . 
  sweden has a very diverse set of dialects , so not all pronounciation issues are shared between all swedes . 
  hmm ... do you think you could give an example of when such a mispronounciation could take place ? 
  that 's very true , and a bit annoying since such things can change the meaning of a word completely . 
  imo many swedes tend to focus really much on getting the accent right ( idk why , it is very popular abroad ) , and ignore things like this completely . 
  hearing someone say `` yust shange the shannel '' in passable english accent can be quite hilarious . 
  i do n't think we use the `` ch '' as in `` cheese '' in swedish , and so i find myself and many of my countrymen using the `` sh '' sound as in `` chardonnay '' instead , which is used frequently in swedish . 
  `` i would like one shiisburger please '' `` i 'm sorry a what ? '', 
  * ca n't stand the shame , walks out of mcdonalds , weeps *, 
  we 're going to educate the shit out of them in gender issues , just you wait, 
  feliz cumpleanos , i think , i 'm not sure what that cake means, 
  for sure man !, 
  stockholm has had the rainiest may since the early 1800s, 
  one would think in my country it would be a big deal but i had not heard of it until now . 
  ca n't find anything in the papers , except for some obscure magazines like amnesty etc, 
  it 's not overrated when you experience maybe 5-6 hot days a year ... :'(, 
  even france is more nordic than eesti now apparently ... 
  every submitter ? 
   do you think wanting to die make it okay to die ? 
  what kind of message does that give ? 
  ` yeah , killing yourself is a valid way out ' . 
  but it 's my life to take not yours ... whatever message it sends is irrelevant , if i do n't want to live anymore i do n't have to . 
  and what the fuck do you know lol, 
  they are a scandinised mongol people , they 've always been a bit more crazy, 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  it 's not a minority government , we 've had that since 2006 . 
  what 's new is that this is an agreement between 6/8 parties , designed to exclude the other 2 . 
  there is no longer any opposition except for the far right and the far left . 
  a great way to let extreme views grow unhindered, 
   that is true , but i think their possible voteshare is at it 's max at something like 20-25 perhaps , but we 've been saying that since 2006 , and then they adapt . 
   i think that when the syrian civil war has ended , and god knows when that might be , the amount of refugees will decline and their voteshare with it . 
  possible , but another crisis will take its place . 
  this years level of immigration is not even higher than the record years during the yugoslavian wars , the refugee situation is not * entirely * new to us . 
   also , the goverment that `` solves '' the beggar problem ( aka get them out of our sight ) will steal a huge share of sds vote . 
  i hardly think that is going to happen , unless m makes a u-turn , which seems unlikely with akb as leader . 
  it is much considering they had 5,7 % 5 years ago and 12,9 % 9 months ago . 
  in a country that have practically had the same party ruling since the 1920s, 
  why whitewash history though ? 
  plenty of states and peoples `` collaborated '' with the nazis , poles included . 
  hell , many countries had jewish police collaborating with the nazis , rounding up jews and sending them to camps . 
  does n't make them nazi sympathisers . 
  i just have n't heard any sane person say death camps were actually polish ( or czech etc ) per se , of course they were german run . 
  people might say `` polish '' because they were in poland , no one thinks they were run and made by poles . 
   would you like sweden to be called a nazi collaborator ? 
  we are called that , frequently , because technically it 's true . 
  does n't change anything as we had no choice in it , just as poland had no saying about german death camps on its soil . 
   so you say that the people who slander poland for the policies of german state are `` nationalists '' ? 
  who has ever done that lol ? 
  it 's almost like `` western media '' is made up of thousands of different opinions in thousands of different media outlets in dozens of different countries made up of several ethnicities , cultures and languages, 
  cool . 
  does it also mean `` diet '' in norwegian ? 
  i am trying so hard to understand that one ...
