  this is what infuriates me , we have to put up a lot of shit on behalf of you , but you are incredibly adamant in your attitude whenever it comes to you sacrificing something on behalf of our screwups . 
  i think it is sad , eastern europeans always seem to point out how important it is to help eachother out in a union , but obviously it does n't apply when we are the ones who need help . 
  that 's what we said when your people started coming here due to schengen , bringing criminality , trafficking and dumping wages , did n't stop anything . 
  the arrogance of some eastern europeans here is staggering , are you aware of what your populations are doing in our countries every day ? 
  deporting 650.000 people every year is not as easy as it sounds, 
  spoken by a man : german spoken by a woman : spanish, 
  i 've discovered we do one `` tut '' a lot for situations like when someone says something really stupid like a pun or whatever we often go `` tut '' whilst rolling with our eyes, 
  i am not icelandic but i would guess something like `` althingi '' , with `` al '' like in `` al qaeda '' , `` th '' like in `` think '' and `` ng '' like in `` england '', 
  you do n't seem like a very nice person, 
  they eat this black pudding like stuff for dessert i think , `` m\u00e4mmi '' . 
  that 's all i know , and we basically created the place, 
  ioannina represent, 
  why thank you, 
  wut , i always thought they were swedish !, 
  this must mean we all pronounce them very poorly , hah ... 
  they 've been popular here for as long as i can remember , either as they are or with butter underneath, 
  `` are popular in your country '' m8, 
  erdogan seems like a bit of a dick, 
  we have those all over in sweden too . 
  cheap as hell to live in !, 
  having some spanish friends i must say your curses are pretty fucking hardcore ... quite shocking when someone says `` i shit on your dead whore mother '' when you 're just teasing them a bit ... 
  which politician ? 
  this is pretty much the whole reason sweden is so extreme in some ways , we 're a nation of people who have it so good we have to find something , anything , to complain about, 
  yes , people have requested black plasters and the pharmacy is there to sell stuff to the people , so they will buy in some black plasters to sell . 
  people see it as another sign of `` excessive swedish political correctness '' because they have nothing else to do . 
  it 's just capitalism in motion , nothing interesting really, 
  precisely, 
  ca n't see shit on that video , how do you know the boat is even greek to begin with ? 
  i thought the nazis practiced that kind of economy aswell ? 
  interesting . 
  according to your link '' \u00d6resundsregionen '' ( copenhagen + malmoe ) is almost as large as the athens larger urban zone . 
  would make a hell of a capital for a scandinavian union . 
  east is being just as much `` cowards '' as the west though ... how much has poland , romania , czechs etc done to help the ukrainians compared to the west ? 
  it 's an enjoyable attitude when you 're going out for a drink at 12pm on a tuesday night , not so much when you need to go the local bank and argue about ` insert reason here ' with 5 different people tossing you around sayig `` that 's not my responsibility , you need to talk to this guy '' ... 
  and we 'll only have to use 1/6th of it, 
  not always as fun when you have to live there ... 
  gl\u00f6gg during christmas is a must !, 
  what kind of anarchist madness is this ? 
  why are they growing quickly ? 
  have n't roma been a minority in eastern european nations for a long time ? 
  why the rapid growth now ? 
  did sound kind of like a love triangle drama at first with the information we had then  look no one is downvoting you guys for suggesting the crime might have been made by an asylum seeker , but rather because many do it in a `` lol tolerance amirite '' kind of way , which is both insulting and adds nothing to the discussion, 
  why not ? 
  ca n't british people be as passionate as the french or spanish ? 
  well a source on that statement would be nice, 
  nah we are machines , incapable of love and passion since , yknow , we are not as loud as others . 
  unlike the oh so passionate and romantic british !, 
  according to the updated article the victims apparently knew eachother , and the perpetrator was a middle aged man . 
  sounds very much like some kind of love drama !, 
  police are busy right now and will update as they have more information . 
  * we 're right in the middle of it , we have a lot to do and will bring more information soon , a prosecutor will be brought in to the case . 
  per \u00c5gren says , commander in chief on the scene *, 
  but you 're still a part of what makes all those things so great , so why not be proud of it ? 
  and it is very possible to be proud of iberia and humanity simultaneously, 
  i do n't think one needs to have personally achieved something to feel pride . 
  maybe you just do n't have as big a sense of community as some others do , which is understandable given the unfortunate history of your own . 
  but just as i can feel proud that i personnaly achieved something i can feel proud that my country/gay community/football team achieved something . 
  i might not be the sole person respnsible for that success , but i am still very much a part of what makes this specific community so great . 
  i rarely feel national pride when i am at home , and i used to have the same feelings towards it as you do , but when i go abroad or talk to foreigners i realise just how special and weird my own little country is , and it does make me a bit proud to be a part of what makes it so special . 
  yes why the hell not as long as it does not turn into hatred of others ? 
  why belittle things that causes genuine joy with people ? 
  why even try to dispute and argue about something that obviously makes him feel special and happy ? 
  that 's so immature and childish i do n't even know where to start, 
   many of our guest criticize the practice , saying `` oh , in greece it 's free , all you have to do is order a drink '' . 
  this system is very common in greece aswell , mainly at the more tourist friendly beaches, 
   i wonder if in 20 years we 'll be complaining about the ` crazy left wing ' rather than ` the crazy right wing and fox news ' . 
  i 'm not sure where you are from but this is already very much the case where i live, 
  well ask beoman, 
  ask beoman, 
  so what you want to federalise the union and make arbitrary borders mixing up nations , peoples , languages and religions ; all to make us fight less between eachother ? 
  that would work out just fine ... 
  i do n't think so to be honest . 
  this was ranger school after all , `` fucking shit up '' was what we were being trained to do . 
  it was mainly me who thought it was a bit ... cheesy and immature after all , the rest of the crew were ecstatic ( nothing ill against them , great guys , just not my type ), 
  would guess france . 
  had the opposite effect on me . 
  after having seen 79 young men cheer on swedish rangers `` fucking shit up '' in afghanistan , i became very offput on further military involvement, 
  well you all deserve to drown in a lake of lingonsylt , danskj\u00e4vlar !, 
  i 'm not sure why , but you did that thing , that time , and i do n't think i was very happy about it ... 
  no muslims ? 
  i 'm not coming !, 
  ok we lost against the danes let 's check the norw - hmm maybe the finn - ah fuck it . 
  switzerland and sweden - united in poverty , corruption and famine !, 
  yeah you need to step out of your house for a moment ... 
  ok then . 
  lol so only those who take the scriptures literally can claim to follow a religion ? 
  come on mate this is n't the 1900s religion , like everything else , has evolved . 
  it is very much possible to be a christian and follow the teachings of jesus whilst still realising that much of what the bible says was made for a completely different century . 
  just like i can be a socialist without supporting the abolishment of the free market etc it 's getting clearer and clearer you have either never been religious and get all your information on christianity from american pop culture or you grew up ina super conservative christian/muslim home . 
  whichever it is , you need to realise that the world does n't always work in black and white, 
  if you follow the religion by the book then sure it is backwards , just like with anything . 
  i do n't know many christians who actually believe in the genesis though , nor anyone who believes god has any powers to intervene in our life, 
  does n't mean religion in itself is backwards , illiberal and violent . 
  people take idelogies and politics way too literall aswell , does n't mean those ideologies inherentlt breeds those kinds of people . 
  fanatics will be fanatics whatever excuse they use for their fanaticism . 
  perhaps if you 're a hardliner , otherwise no i 'd say it 's the other way around ... 
  it would be , if you were programmed to, 
  we score high on militarisation , which is funny considering we barely have an active military ... 
  damn arms export, 
  you just turned my whole world upside down ... how do i trust any map now ?
