  if you are looking for ones about the serbian campaign , i would highly recommend [ where the yellow lemon blooms - subtitled ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzjqdwokdlm ) . 
  alternatively there is this [ british documentary about serbia in wwi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgc_td_4rt4 ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.adme.ru/kalendar/eroticheskij-kalendar-dlya-centra-finansovyh-tehnologij-604105/ ), 
  internet anonymity just brings out the worst in people . 
  wow , this was happening to me the other day as well . 
  that game was just full of graphical glitches as well . 
  the barbarian icons were all just black squares . 
  and if i put my units in fortify formation , their icons turned into black squares as well . 
  then some icons in the research box in the upper-left were black boxes ... 
  weird shit ... 
  op i had this glitch before . 
  verifying my game cache did n't fix it . 
  after about a day the game just seemed to fix itself . 
  so maybe just wait it out ? 
  not sure about the flashbang , but the hand grenade would most likely work underwater , the fuse is internal so water wo n't stop it . 
  also , i 'd imagine that only a few centimetres of water wo n't do much to stop the shockwave/shrapnel of a grenade that can tear limbs off . 
  but it would do shit-all if the body of water was any deeper . 
  oh jesus , i just tried this . 
  my scout ended up getting the ruins promotion to turn him into an archer . 
  i 've only explored like half my island but he has like 8 promotions already . 
  god damn . 
  you should see the comments everytime ca post something on facebook . 
  god damn , that 's amazing . 
  me too . 
  the furthest i 've been able to trace my ancestry is to the late 1800s . 
  most of our family records , along with our property , was destroyed in the shitstorm that was the yugoslav wars . 
  we 're currently trying to get into contact with the orthodox church that my great grandparents used to attend , i pray to god that they have some sort of copy of it . 
  it really suck being such an avid lover of history and not being able to trace your own lineage . 
  good luck to you as well !, 
  agreed , that threw me off a bit . 
  wikipedia says that roman catholic accounted for just under 5 % of the religious population of serbia in 2011 . 
  wow that screen is amazing . 
  so much detail . 
  thanks !, 
  the fuck is that, 
  this is great !, 
  the game and users would benefit from having these updated as op suggested . 
  i see literally no downside to it . 
  i 'm not sure what your job as ca community coordinator entails , but if it is possible for you to bring this up with ca , i 'm sure the subreddit and all players would greatly appreciate it . 
  [ hopefully the eu knows better than to mess with the balkans . 
   musical-based subreddit , if one such exists . 
  / r/music ? 
  the only one i can think of are taiko drums . 
  possibly some shamisen as well . 
  we did n't accept it all . 
  we accepted most points , but not all . 
  it 's probably for the better . 
  optimistic are n't you ? 
  well , we did * technically * see some of the 400 days people . 
  i saw tavia on the roof firing down on the herd , not sure if anyone else recognisable was there . 
  but yeah , truly , i would n't count that . 
  do they get good reception in the moldering ruins ? 
  well , that decision seems kinda contextual . 
  i 'd imagine they 'd siege you for longer if you had an army larger/better than theirs . 
  whereas if you have like 5 of your units vs 20 of theirs , i 'd imagine they 'd go for the battle straight away . 
  my first siege after this patch was amazing . 
  i was attacking and outnumbered the enemy by about 600 troops . 
  i won , but it was still a massacre and i was overjoyed at how responsive the ai seemed to my attacks . 
  well done ca . 
  [ here , have some more . 
  ] ( http://www.tofugu.com/2012/02/18/japanese-fart-scrolls/ ), 
  i 'm pretty sure you can change the name of your armies in rome ii , not too sure about generals though . 
  what messed up manager would let kids do this in their store ? 
  i made both bets on epsilon last night . 
  i lost the first one , and because of their relatively poor performance , i decided to swap my second bet to vp . 
  big mistake :(, 
  good luck everyone !, 
  may the luckiest man win . 
  i just did everything you said op ... 
  and my fps nearly doubled !, 
  i fucking love you !, 
  i do n't know what it was , but this morning i was fooling around with some settings ( i should ' t have been doing that ) , but it ended up dropping me from about 200 fps on insertion to 20fps . 
  i could n't for the life of me figure out what i did change , but your settings brought it back up to 150ish . 
  thanks !, 
  i bet bob the mad is celebrated as a national hero in his homeland . 
  mothers use his name to instill fear in their children , on every corner someone whispers his name or tells their friend about his valour in battle . 
  `` i once heard that the english were so terrified of bob the mad , that some even turned their guns on themselves rather than face him in fearsome battle . '', 
  i declare we make july 27th the day we feast in celebration of bob the mad . 
  mods ? 
  italians , i believe . 
  nevermind , this [ fix ] ( http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3170854&amp;page=6 ) seemed to work . 
  thanks anyway . 
  my negev with 650 kills is called `` schwarzeneggev '' . 
  god i wish i lived in europe so i do n't have to wake up at 3am to watch these games live . 
  oh well , it is still worth it . 
  looking forward to it . 
  i get so panicky watching this , i have no idea why . 
  lost 4/4 bets ... 
  feels bad man . 
  hopefully ibp beat nip ... 
  net loss of $ 4.31 :(, 
  obviously just really expensive headphones ... 
  he could hear him breathing . 
  i applied four of these stickers to my m4a1-s as a joke , when valve updates them , do the stickers that are already applied to weapons also get updated ? 
  god damn , dat holo stickers look phenomenal . 
  glad to hear it , even though i did it as a joke i 'm starting to regret it d :, 
   please tell me it 's a borreal forest battle scarred or something, 
  afraid not . 
   let them roll-oll, 
  ftfy .
