  sounds like an interesting read !, 
  [ one of my favourite suit of armour is naoe kanetsugu 's one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/noae_kanetugu_yoroi.jpg ) !, 
  btw , that character on top means `` love '' . 
  [ shogun 2 battle announce is my favourite !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nja9v1vn2te ), 
  best one by far . 
  i always put a sad song on in the background and zoom down right into the fighting , then put it it slow motion . 
  really sets the mood . 
  man , samurai armour is my favourite !, 
  nice find man , i wish i had a local museum . 
  sorry for my english , but what is a ` tassel ' ? 
  awesome picture !, 
  however , vikings never really wore horned helmets . 
  it 's a pretty big misconception . 
  ahhh , battle of nagashino ... good times ... 
  i think that is a lot more historically accurate than spamming katana samurai . 
  this happened just yesterday . 
  i 'm walking across the road with my family towards a restaurant . 
  then this guy turns the corner like a maniac and nearly hits us . 
  then he rolls down his window and says to me `` get off the road , fucking idiot '' . 
  this is kinda unrelated but about 20 minutes later , as we 're sitting down and enjoying a good meal as family , ( which is very rare due to work hours ) some ass comes speeding past the restaurant and one of his drunk buddies in the backseat threw some glass bottles at the restaurant . 
  my little sister complained of some shards of glass hitting her , but she was fine . 
  then , after finished our meal and walking towards our car , some guy ( drugged up no doubt ) started screaming some incoherent shit at my mum . 
  my father turned around to belt this guy but he ran off like a little bitch and nearly got hit by a car . 
  this reminds me why i avoid going outside . 
  having trouble locating the sidebar , or the server ? 
  in case you mean the former , here is the ip : minecraftacademy.org, 
   procopius , in history of the wars , [ 6 ] records that the defenders of edessa suspended a squealing pig from the walls to frighten away khosrau 's single siege elephant in the sixth century ad . 
  that is ridiculously amazing . 
  thank you kindly !, 
  i 've had the same experience in my home country , not nice , but a family has to eat right ? 
  shit man , imagine being that guy , reminds me of when i got knocked out . 
  i got hit in the back of the head and just brushed it off . 
  about 2 minutes later i just fell backwards and smashed my head even more on the concrete , everyone just thought i was fooling around and it was only after a couple minutes that someone had the decency to get help . 
  i am sinisa26 's ghost : amaa !, 
   i was out for about 15 minutes . 
  when i was coming to i felt like i was asleep , but could barely hear people nearby . 
  i was unable to move and finally i raised up fast and everyone was around me . 
  that 's exactly what it was like for me , felt like i was waking up from a dream , then i felt this throbbing pain . 
  i remember these two teachers constantly asking questions like ; what day is it ? 
  how old are you ? 
  what 's your name ? 
  the worst question was `` how long were you knocked out for ? '', 
  [ * `` what life was like among samurai and shoguns '' * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/what-life-among-samurai-shoguns/dp/0783554621 ) by time-life books , pg 49-59 . 
  i 'm not the op of the post you replied to , however , this is where i read about it . 
  additionally , in this [ picture ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2a/takezaki_suenaga_ekotoba3.jpg ) , on the right side , we can see a small party of samurai boarding a mongol ship . 
  even though this is on the other side of the earth , and about 1800 years later . 
  to think that 64,000 men is n't even half of what participated in the battle of sekigahara . 
  and then there are battles like stalingrad in which my brain ca n't even comprehend that much death and slaughter . 
  very well done zuzah !, 
  i never would 've thought they were related , yet alone grandfather/grandson . 
  when i first saw this photo i assumed the grandfather was only around 30 , but your colourisation brings out some white hairs in his beard !, 
  lead my glorious serbia to victory !, 
  yeah , changed my shogun 2 preferences to like 20 or something . 
  it gave a unit of yari ashigaru 4000 men . 
  it only took one unit of archers to cover the whole wall of a castle . 
  pathfinding , as you said , was horrible . 
  it took about 5-10mins just to get one unit through a gate . 
  who are the two serbs ? 
  welcome to reddit , mathieu !, 
  what 's this have to do with ninja ? 
  rome ii campaign map is a massive place , it would be too empty without cities this size . 
  that was great !, 
  it is massalia , though , i have no idea where that is on the campaign map . 
  i like to think of the gun + bayonet combo as basically a spear that shoots . 
  i 'm sorry that you feel that way about my comment . 
  i do n't really understand what there is to get angry at . 
  i too do n't judge anyone based on their nationality . 
  do you reckon it 'll still work if i install it halfway through a campaign ? 
  i agree with every one of your points . 
  also , i noticed your name , you must be a fan of uesugi kagekatsu , if you want there is a good japanese drama online about his and naoe kanetsugu 's relationship . 
  i could link you to it ? 
  i 'm about 20 episodes in right now . 
  [ here 's the link !, 
  ] ( http://www.gooddrama.net/japanese-drama/tenchijin ), 
  ca n't wait until / u/zuzahin gets his hands on this !, 
  i could live with that . 
  i was considering putting captions in , but then i realised there was about 100 pictures . 
  well , there is always kobayakawa hideaki . 
  i think without him the battle of sekigahara would 've been a bit more difficult . 
   who was the invader in the battle of sekigahara ? 
  oh sorry , i 'm dead tired and my brain did n't quite register the `` foreign invading army defector '' part of the question . 
  i misread it as just asking for notable defections . 
  i 'm surprised someone knew of it !, 
  it 's one of my favourite movies !, 
  shoot the towers with your artillery . 
  trust me . 
  ps : set up your men infront of the bridges as well . 
  you should try `` the sekigahara campaign '' !, 
  it might not be exactly what your looking for , but i think it is the best custom campaign . 
  historically accurate . 
  this is honestly one of the funniest pictures i 've seen it this sub . 
  i just ca n't take him seriously anymore ... 
  ah , i do n't believe there is . 
  this is my main issue as well . 
  towards the end of the map i end up just zerg rushing the final 2 or 3 units because i am running out of time . 
  i think there should n't be a time limit on any of the historical battles . 
  those samurai retainers are ridiculously op against ashigaru . 
  i had 1 unit of samurai retainers get besieged by around 1200 ashigaru . 
  i lost , but they killed 660 of them .
