  i took few casualties in number with this first charge , but my general fell so i had lost hope . 
  but miraculously my red bear infantry did n't rout as quick as i thought they would and held off an opponent three times greater in number . 
  i won with only like 100 men left in total . 
  that felt amazing . 
  very awesome , thanks for sharing . 
  does anyone know how to get involved in something like this ? 
  i usually do n't have rational thoughts when i wake up to a cramp , i just pray to the god of mercy, 
  i agree , i 've got around 900ish hours in shogun ii but only around 100 in rome ii . 
  do n't get me wrong though , rome ii is still a pretty great game but the time period does n't interest me as much and imo , the shogun ii atmosphere was just fucking perfect . 
  i can just zoom in at any moment and take a screenshot and it will look amazing . 
  and the expansion for shogun ii , fots , nearly has as much content as the base game . 
  that 's how expansions should be done . 
  i 've recently started up avatar conquest for the first time and i freaking love it . 
  you have no idea how fast these gypsy kids work man . 
  the lady throws the doll into the air , before you even catch the doll the kids have your wallet , phone and whatever else valuable you had and are out of there . 
  my experience is 100 % the complete opposite of everything you just described . 
  except for the launch ugliness , so more like 95 % ... 
  sorry mate i ca n't help you , i 'm sure there are more experienced members here that can though . 
  i just have one question ... how come chrome auto-filled your username/password on this site ? 
  does n't it only auto-fill if you 've visited the site before and checked ` yes ' for auto-fill ? 
  regardless , i hope you get your account back soon . 
  good luck !, 
  it is , actually , i was absolutely appalled at launch , and even now there is still much left to desire . 
  but lots of bugs have been ironed out and you can generally have a good time playing it now . 
  still , imho , shogun ii is vastly superior to rome ii . 
  that dog is evil incarnate . 
  4 times i trusted him ... 4 times i lost skins ... 
  i tried upping the unit size to 2000 men in shogun 2 once ... 
  took the unit about 30 minutes to exit the castle gates ... 
  other than that i usually set it to maximum . 
  that man 's javelin is blessed by god . 
  here you go, 
  belgrade , capital of serbia , was razed to the ground 44 times in it 's history . 
  i 'd really like to know more about every single one of them . 
  yeah , shogun 2 is definitely the right choice then . 
  but fots is still absolutely amazing and i 'd recommend you pick it up at a sale if you ever have a few spare $ $ $, 
  it 's possible my ancestors were fighting yours . 
  it 's a shame i do n't know much about them , no one in my family does . 
  much of our family history was lost in the recent shitstorm in the 90s . 
  though , i 'd imagine if my ancestors did fight , they probably were n't lucky enough to be one of the 23 % of enlisted men who survived the war . 
  ca n't you disable mixed avatars , so you will only play against an opponent using the same avatar type as you ? 
  what other choice did we have ? 
  the original plan was to retreat through kosovo iirc , but then the bulgarians entered the war and cut off that route . 
  through montenegro and albania was our only choice . 
  independent . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_adams_ ( sailor ), 
  no worries , i think there was another pair of western samurai but i ca n't for the life of me remember their names . 
  they were brothers i think . 
  edit : [ found them !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_and_henry_schnell ), 
  [ but wait , there 's more !, 
  ] ( http://www.tofugu.com/2012/02/18/japanese-fart-scrolls/ ), 
  no , there were many young soldiers serving in the serbian army , the most notable being [ mom\u010dilo gavri\u0107 ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mom%c4%8dilo_gavri%c4%87 ) . 
  many of them had their families killed at the hands of the austro-hungarian occupiers and really had no where else to go so they followed the army . 
  also , the photo is by the american press association . 
  imagine you go to your uncle 's house one day . 
  you come back home and find out your entire family has been murdered and your property burnt down along wih all your belongings by invaders of your country . 
  i would fight as well . 
  yes , it 's quite amazing that we managed to repel the austro-hungarian invasions on three seperate occasions when they had more troops and better equipment than us . 
  even wilhelm ii congratulated field marshal putnik on the victory . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i did it as nagaoka , since they have a pretty good economic buff . 
  i started off building a powerhouse of an economy and conquering small imperial nations near my starting province . 
  after building up a decent economy , i sent an army to the north to conquer the massive hokkaido island where the matsumae faction is . 
  i always do this every time i plan on going independant because it gives me a nice base of operations if things go sour on the mainland . 
  then i 'll keep conquering clans until i reach just before the independent choice thing , from here i 'll build up a massive navy and military then proceed to steamroll everything and everyone that opposes the nagaoka republic . 
  surprisingly no , no army landed on hokkaido ... 
  in fact i think i only saw one naval invasion and it was relatively close to my front lines . 
  you might be fine using traditional units in the first few battles , but the game more or less forces you to modernise if you want to survive . 
  once you are able to , have at the very least 2 units of artillery per army . 
  make sure you research suppression fire and kneel fire asap . 
  always try to keep a navy nearby your armies so they can provide naval support . 
  every rose has its thor ... err . . sword, 
  that helmet did shit all for protection against arrows , might as well just go in naked . 
  tried to send my main army full of veteran units from shikoku to honshu using only 1 bow kobaya as transport . 
  next turn ... attacked by black ship ... 
  if you are forced to defend against a huge army in an open field battle , i find that [ this formation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gkfrl0c.png ) works best for me . 
  i let the archers get a few pot shots off at the advancing army , and once they commit to charging at me , i move the archers back to where the yari ashigaru are and move the yari ashigaru up to block any holes in the archer shields with their spear wall ability . 
  as a result the enemy get funneled as they all try to push through this small gap . 
  then i 'll send my cavalry to counter any other cavalry trying to flank me , kill their archers and their general . 
  while my cavalry are dispatching these units , i send my samurai around my yari ashigaru to hit the backside of those delicious meat blobs . 
  meanwhile my archers are still firing at whatever they can . 
  prepare for the glorious clean-up job as their army mass routs and your cavalry units get to have the time of their lives chasing down fleeing enemies . 
  these two are probably my favourite scenes . . 
  but jesus this show is filled with so many great moments it is tough to remember them all . 
  you guys are some ballsy motherfuckers . 
  i mostly bet some trash skins ( except for nip v berzerk ) so i did n't make very much . 
  i won 4/6 bets . 
  csgl was slow as all hell for me so i could n't bet on all the games . 
  on the flipside though , it seems as if i 've finally come out of my loss streak . 
  are they even trying anymore ? 
  best i could get with my shitty skins ... 
  a couple more wins like this and i could pay for my uni fees . 
  do n't get karma for self-posts . 
  man the british must 've been some fearless chaps to face them in battle . 
  can someone explain wtf happened to google ... 
  ** edit : ** just realised i misspelt his name ... oops, 
  wtf kind of pila was that ? 
  more please, 
  this match has been the fucking biggest emotional rollercoaster .
