  -- b -- b -- b --, 
  archers and slingers will do their thing at the start of the battle , then retreat when the enemy charge , i send my spearman to hold the line while my heavy infantry flank around and hit them in the back . 
  my general will usually end up flanking and taking out their leftover missile troops . 
  ballistae will be doing their thing , sniping off high value targets . 
  i was never really a big fan of cavalry . 
  i seem to usually be trustworthy or steadfast . 
  but it almost seems like every other faction is unreliable/treacherous/devious . 
  there are like only two factions i 've found which are trustworthy/loyal and they are knossos and sparta . 
  i started off trying to be that `` honourable '' guy who always released his captives . 
  but then i got more and more bloodthirsty and started executing them . 
  eh , i think they are fine as it is . 
  most of them kinda reflect real life scenarios as trish here said . 
  but some seem kinda redundant . 
  for example , `` frenzied charge/rapid advance '' . 
  why would the men run faster when you tell them to , should n't this be passive ? 
  would n't they be running at full speed every time they charge ? 
  hmm , so that 's what i 've been doing wrong . 
  i did n't know slingers could n't fire over friendly units . 
  i always had the archers in front because they had shorter range . 
  i 'll try putting them behind this time . 
  man , does anyone know her exact date of birth ? 
  i know that a few people from the 1700 's lived into the 1900 's . 
  but to see a photo of them would be amazing !, 
  another is second wind , imo , this is probably the most unrealistic . 
  depends whether or not his family own the car . 
  and it does n't look like he is urinating upon the actual car itself , just using it for balance . 
  when i was a kid and my family would go on long road-trips , i would often have an urge to urinate pretty badly . 
  my dad would just pull over somewhere not busy and let me urinate beside the car . 
  but if that is n't his parent 's car , then yes , definitely bad parenting . 
  also you could sever the hand and the whole arm even . 
  ah , that was a bit later than i anticipated . 
  excellent idea zaript !, 
  however , i am not quite sure how to use google documents ... do i need to have an account or some thing ? 
  are you sure the formation is locked ? 
  ctrl + g locks their formation , then allows you to right click and they will stay in formation . 
  well , for me at least ... 
  decapitations confirmed . 
  i 've always pronounced it dah-chya for some reason ... 
  anyone know the pronounciation of scordisci ? 
  is it basically just `` scor-disc-ee '' ? 
  it 's a bit ridiculous though , those things are moving pretty fast ... 
  this is a bad post to see after drinking 2l of coke today . 
  yep , it does exactly that . 
  apparently he was n't even chinese , some historians think he is of slavic descent . 
  i bet he has an amazing backstory behind him that koei should cover . 
  they probably just overlooked it , as you said , it 's such a small issue . 
  but i do n't think the snow would collect on the top then . 
  it 's perfectly good because it is cheap and we are poor . 
  jesus christ , i 've been stuck in like a 60 year/turn war with the frisii and cherusci . 
  one of the objectives were `` be at war with two germanic factions '' , so i picked them . 
  big mistake . 
  the cherusci were n't that hard but they had a lot of land so it 's stretched my forces thin . 
  but the frisii have one fucking settlement i have n't been able to capture for 30 years . 
  that 's the most culturally diverse battlefield i 've ever seen . 
  spartan army , celtic mercenaries , african enemies . . 
  i just did this . 
  started off as iceni , upgraded my home province so i can recruit elite units and then sailed down to aethiopia with 2 full elite stacks and fought the axum . 
  now i plan to expand northwards until i reach egypt , they i want to conquer the east . 
  wish you were here . 
  [ are we playing the same game ? 
  it 's a known bug with the patch 3 beta , i 'm sure ca will release a hotfix soon enough . 
  game menu  options  controls  `` classic total war camera '', 
  no worries , seems as if heaps of people are getting the bug . 
  i seem to be one of the lucky ones !, 
  surreal know that my father fought here ... 
  it does n't really make sense late game when you are some glorious empire with half of the known world under your command , while they are some backwater nation barely clinging to their last province . 
  did you have any mods installed ? 
  i tried uninstalling some mods and it made the game not start up . 
  that looks waaaaaay older to me . 
  like 20s or 30s to me , judging by what they are wearing . 
  oh right , forgot about that . 
  this is the kinda stuff that goes down in history ... 
  i lathered that shit in glue . 
  every possible joint . 
  but , my string broke :(, 
  have you updated to the newest patches ? 
  god damn i need a son . 
  beautiful picture !, 
  [ from this film . 
  i remember when i set shogun 2 so yari ashigaru had 4000 men each unit . 
  took about 30 minutes for the whole unit to get outside the castle gates ... 
  [ insert zapp brannigan quote here ], 
  honestly , i think that there are a lot of other things much more worthy of the darwin awards . 
  i want the scordisci , just so i can have singidun as my capital . 
   it 'll be a guaranteed karma comment for at least a while longer . 
  four months later and your observation still holds true . 
  happened to some kid at a shopping centre near my place . 
  he got punched and just never came to . 
  after that there were huge shitstorms in schools all over the state telling us how severe the punishment for fighting would be . 
  definitely get fall of the samurai , absolutely amazing expansion . 
  additionally , for the vanilla campaign , the otomo and ikko ikki factions are rather unique experiences . 
  as for mods , get `` the sekigahara campaign '' after you have done a couple of campaigns in vanilla !, 
  obviously you can tell by my flair how much i love this overhaul mod . 
  first they would have to give the axe units axe animations . 
  i admit i have n't used them much , but when i did , one of my guys stabbed the enemy through the throat with the head of his axe as if it was a sword ... 
  new units, 
  new clans ( many are playable ), 
  each clan has 1 or 2 hero units, 
  new daimyos, 
  new buildings,
