  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ymlwe69ora ), 
  how the fuck did nobuhide survive so long that he ended up fighting the shimazu ? 
  i find that clans always lose their `` big-name , historical '' daimyo in the first 10 turns . 
  this is how i want to die . 
  on second thought , this might be more preferable . 
  looks pretty good for 81 years of age . 
  glorious serbia !, 
  as / u/xenophontheathenian said , every kurosawa film . 
  my favourite however , would be sanjuro !, 
  oh my god that was terrifying , time to watch throne of blood . 
  is that site correct , because apparently i do n't meet the minimum requirements for rome ii but can play shogun 2 maxed out flawlessly ? 
  that bit or red on the auto-resolve bar ... 
  `` so you 're saying there 's a chance ? '', 
  dynasty warriors 8 is out soon . 
  ca n't wait to smash my way through 1000s of peons . 
  did n't the walker have lori 's hair in his mouth ? 
  i have n't seen the episode for a couple months so i 'm probably wrong ... 
  yeah , three was my favourite as well . 
  the new ones are still pretty fun ... 
  what game is this , seems right up my alley !, 
  my god this guy reminds me of a cartoon character . 
  he is great !, 
  thank fuck you took out honma , man those guys are assholes . 
  it 's a shame that they routed about 2 seconds after that picture . 
  only one man survived , i really hope it was joe . 
  i like to play with the more western clans ( shimazu , chosokabe etc. . . ) . 
  honma always manage to build up like 3 full stacks by the time i get there . 
  i got all your artwork as my desktop background . 
  thanks man !, 
  really looking good !, 
  the best part is that i bribed this guy from the takeda army . 
  interesting observation , i too seem to be seeing lord_niteshade around all the front page posts a bit too much . 
  very nicely done , as a huge japanese history nerd , i would love to see more pre-1900s photos of japan colourised !, 
  thank you !, 
  you 're a champ . 
  it 's actually a pretty reasonable price . 
  you may have won this battle , but the ouetsu reppan domei will be victorious !, 
  i definitely think that prussia would make more sense than the usa . 
  with ya on that one buddy !, 
  went to visit my childhood friends in serbia after about 10 years of not seeing them . 
  they were playing diablo ii . 
  i went toilet and all hell broke loose . 
  while yes , they did open them up to the rest of the world/trade , the meiji government rarely relied on the usa for nation-building . 
  for that they turned to the british and germans . 
  for military advisors and the development of modern medicine they used the prussians primarily . 
  they did however purchase a large amount of weapons from the usa with the surplus left over after the civil war . 
  yeah they did quite a bit , especially on the shogunate side . 
  i think they were mainly responsible for the modernisation of the shogunate army . 
  they also oversaw a lot of the naval projects such as the construction of the yokosuka naval arsenal . 
  i think it was napoleon iii who also supplied them with some state-of-the-art weapons . 
  amazing . 
  the siege battles in shogun 2 were rightfully difficult . 
  shameless plug to / r/totalwar !, 
  come join us !, 
  i 'm with ya on that one , i love to study japanese history . 
  i feed them to my fish . 
  i 'm kinda curious about japan on the right hand side , why is there an `` f '' there ? 
  nope , it was a siege battle . 
  the defending forces consisted of about 6 units of levy infantry and 2 units of spear levy . 
  my naginata kachi were just clearing out the castle one unit at a time . 
  general caught all the routing troops . 
  i use radious ' mods !, 
  it was actually quite fun and easy , at the start of the battle i spawned all my ranged at the front of the castle , so that the enemy ranged would be focused on them . 
  i spawned my melee behind the castle hiding in a forest . 
  i used my artillery only to take out the arrow towers . 
  i sent my naginata up there to engage each unit at a time and had a unit of katana kachi supporting them because in radious mod they have an ability which replenishes the stamina ( ? ), 
  of three friendly units around them . 
  so i just kept replenishing the naginata while they were fighting . 
  this is what like half the kills looked like ... 
  god i love audrey . 
  what is the doshin unit ? 
  are they from a mod ? 
  holy crap , i 've never seen that first mod before . 
  do you reckon it will be compatible with my old campaign ? 
  cheers kilithaza . 
  ** edit ** : nevermind , seems to be compatible with radious ' mods with no hiccups . 
  this is good !, 
  keep the 1800s japanese pictures coming marquis !, 
  it 's in the ` tools ' part of your steam library . 
  assembly kit !, 
  sorry mate but what exactly do you mean `` it does n't make sense '' ? 
  that 's what it was like historically . 
  both the shogunate and the imperial sides used modern technology , albeit , the imperial side ( especially satsuma ) had more state-of-the-art technology . 
  i nominate / u/lord _ niteshade as well . 
  the last samurai is actually based on an event that took place after the boshin war . 
  as a fellow history nerd i am always looking forward to your posts . 
  great write-up , even if it is n't finished yet . 
  about the shogitai , i 'm fairly certain there are already a few mods which add rifle/bow shogitai . 
  however , i 'm not sure about yari shogitai . 
  i 've recently started my own bit of unit creation , i would n't mind trying my hand at making a yari shogitai . 
  my biggest surprise would be in my most recent fots campaign . 
  my daimyo , matsudaira katamori , was besieged by about two stacks of tottori troops late game . 
  what 's even worse was that they had naval support as well . 
  just as i think it 's all over , as i click ` end turn ' something amazing happens . 
  something that i do n't think i will see for the rest of my total war life . 
  my allies , sendai and obama , sent one stack each of reinforcements to katamori . 
  and if that was n't enough , my jozai allies sent a navy which obliterated tottori 's navy . 
  needless to say tottori was completely destroyed after that . 
  yeah i know what you mean about the fantasy units . 
  especially the ninja units ...
