  anyway i notice it 's one of my friends in the fight ( he 's gay and rather tall with long blonde hair ) . 
  he always seemed to be getting into trouble because people kept picking on him . 
  he 'd always fight back which would lead to these massive fights . 
  anyway , on this particular day i was feeling pretty shitty as well and felt like letting out all my anger . 
  anyway , with my shin pads still strapped on i barge over maybe 2-3 people to get to the middle of the ring and smack this guy right in the face with my shin pads breaking his nose and knocking him unconscious . 
  in the heat of the moment i forget about my injured friend on the ground and went to help the people i knocked over ... 
  fast forward to the next day , teacher confronts me about it ( he 's a pretty cool guy , jokingly racist and extremely funny ) , he 's being all serious and asking me why i did it , i give the universal shoulder shrug , and get a fist bump from him , 
  now he always threatens the young ` uns in his class to be good or he 'll make me have a talk to them . 
  well my friend , you are in luck . 
  me and my friend have been working on an adventure map called `` the legend of serland '' , i know i know shit name . 
  however we have so many miscellaneous locations i 'm sure you 'd like it . 
  we tried working on story but it never really comes out well . 
  anyway , i 'll have a talk to my friend and see how he feels about letting you have a go , you can be our first beta tester :d, 
  edit : it 'd probably be a better idea to give you the link to it xd, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraftmaps/comments/tul7v/wip_adventure_of_serland_chapter_i/ ), 
  also , the few dungeons are n't really monster orientated , more redstoneish . 
  wow , that was beautiful :'), 
  i wan na try get the serbians to sing boze pravde at their next match , 
  wow that variation seems pretty awesome , it 's pretty fast as well so i guess the defender would have to listen to his instinct to try and stop you . 
  i 'll try learning this one , 
  you should make some more tutorials as well , 
  i hate coming to a topic , that i can answer with an educated guess . 
  to find out 15 + people have already answered . 
  ~ ~ wow , what is this mario game called ? ~ ~, 
  i 'm ashamed to call myself a super mario fan when by the looks of it i do n't even know the name of his best game ( this one , according to reddit ) . 
  also , my family and i will hold your snes and copy of the game in our prayers , rest easy . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , i was too lazy to read down and find the name . 
  smite me , i deserve it :(, 
  speed down sidewalk at 200 km/h , insane jumps and drift . 
  cop : lovely day is n't it ? 
  bump car with bicycle . 
  3 star wanted level, 
  you would n't happen to be from somewhere in asutralia would you ? 
  i swear i saw that exact same eb store sale with that exact same tile pattern on the floor today . 
  i did n't mean just the store , even the tile pattern on the ground is the exact same . 
  i 'd be interested to see at what age they began cannibalism . 
  the only issue i see with this is that i ca n't image what providing proof would be like ? 
  a picture of them chewing on a finger ? 
  also , i 'd imagine the thigh would be nicest ... 
  this might be really fucking weird , but one time i got a massive blister on my foot , after peeling it off i set it on fire for the lulz i guess . 
  it did not smell like pork , it kinda smelt like burnt hair if you 've ever smelt that ( just hold a lighter to your forearm and flick it on off then sniff ) . 
  although i guess it might be like that because it was just skin . 
  edit : i 'm a dumbass , it obviously did n't smell like pork because it was just skin , no meat/blood . 
  still really weird . 
  i wish to disclose no more information on this matter . 
  another one ... 
  does anyone know you are a cannibal ? 
  and, 
  how do most people respond when they find out ? 
  bear with me for a moment , just trying to get a hold of my friend ... 
  really ? 
  that seems pretty stupid , that people would give you crap for making football tutorials ... weird world : /, 
  anyway , i look forward to them , 
  that unwavering determination to protect his master and brethren , even at the brink of death . 
  so beautiful ... 
  i did n't take this picture , one of my friends did . 
  however i have been to springbrook national park , it was quite a while ago though and i do n't remember much . 
  was n't there for very long either , just a quick ( hike ? ), 
  to a waterfall and that 's about it . 
  i was still taken aback by how beautiful the waterfall was . 
  glow worms sound pretty cool though , maybe i 'll take a look at them next time , 
  yeah he was a playstation exclusive , i 'm 99 % sure . 
  and he is in playstation all stars if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i might give this game a go just because of sly . 
  yes god yes , hoping sanzaru do n't mess it up . 
  they did a decent job on the trilogy remake so things are looking good, 
  edit : i just found these three video of thieves in time that i did n't even know existed . 
  by watching them we can see that the art style is the same or extremely similar , all the original voice actors are back , sounds are the same and the soundtrack as well . 
  [ mechanical menace ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrpzzn4efoo ), 
  [ sushi house ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvj5knj0hdi ), 
  [ juggling act ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezccgmwaybw ), 
  the art style is definitely different , but it works so well . 
  i love it :d, 
  the answer is to just eradicate all the little shits right ? 
  the first thing to come to mind when you ask this question is the mesoamerican ballgame . 
  you 've probably heard about it if you ever watched the road to el dorado a couple of years ago . 
  there was also a form of the olympics back in ancient greece but only men from greece could compete . 
  must be a tyme machine nearby ... 
  that was bad , and i 'm ashamed, 
  this is ridiculously beautiful , imagine waking up every morning to this , 
  most annoying voice ever, 
  this is a really nice piece of imformation , thanks for providing this :d, 
  i remember a story my primary school teacher told me , i 'll try remember it off the top of my head as best as i can . 
  an indigenous tribe had just finished building a house ( something or other ) and noticed it was rather dark . 
  so what they did was went outside in the daytime and tried capturing light in their pots and releasing them in their homes . 
  needless to say it did n't work . 
  so now , cue civilized macho man from the west . 
  he taught them how windows worked and yada yada . 
  i do n't think much credit can be attributed to this story due to a couple of factors . 
  first off that surely was n't the first house they had built . 
  and even if it was they could 've used some common sense to work out their shadows and all that crap . 
  anyway i thought it was a nice little story i would share with you . 
  dynasty warriors 3 got me it etched into the three kingdoms . 
  then came age of empires and then assassin 's creed . 
  all games have great historical value . 
  you have no idea how it feels to give you the 1000th upvote for such a generous act !, 
  a quick google search led me to this answer from yahoo !, 
  answers . 
   the ottoman empire was successful and long-lasting because of the jannisary troops , and the millet system . 
   the janissary troops were formed from christian boys , kidnapped at a very young age , then brought up and trained with a fanatical zeal to islam and devotion to the ottoman emperor .
