  and also , if you are up to it , could you go into a bit more detail about conquest mode ? 
  thanks !, 
  gold coast , queensland , australia . 
  we welcome you down under as well . 
  or any place in serbia , everything is run by my cousins . 
  hmm , i 'm playing darthmod as well . 
  my two vassals are doing shit all but have massive armies -_-, 
  once again , you deliver !, 
  extremely thorough as well . 
  thank you very much !, 
  conquest mode sounds awesome !, 
  kenshin , the war god . 
  i guess it makes sense that it 's a once in a lifetime kind of thing . 
  also , that swords and spears quote , i think i recognize that from shogun 2 . 
  where another clan has a food shortage and you can choose to donate . 
  yep , definitely , learning history then relating it to a game is amazing . 
  also , the shimazu were pretty badass as well . 
  massively outnumbered . . 
  i think that 's also very likely . 
  still a better job than i could so unfortunately :(, 
  china . 
  i believe they are stores that specialise is selling unusual items or curious items , hence the name . 
  ah , i also remembered another question i 've been meaning to ask ... my local store has a copy of dw7xl , but not dw7 . 
  i 'm under the impression that i ca n't play story mode without the base dw7 ? 
  seems kind of silly considering dw7xl is like $ 30 more . 
  well , that 's good enough for me . 
  i 'll be buying it later today . 
  thanks for all your help !, 
  yes , it 's very strange is n't it ? 
  just curious , what 's the objective in fots ? 
  is it still to take over the shogun ? 
  broken into a few weeks back , found brother 's goldfish now ? 
  you never checked your freezer fora couple weeks ? 
  one of my most recent dreams were ;, 
  i was sent to mars , by nasa , by myself in search of life . 
  i landed all good . 
  spent hours searching and decided to call it a day . 
  on my way back to my space ship , i noticed a small hole in the ground . 
  i inspected further and found a small skeleton ( about the size of a big toe ) , in a makeshift grave ( it 's [ hands we 're crossed on its chest ] ( http://i118.photobucket.com/albums/o100/almightytez/dracula_coffin2.jpg ) . 
  i sprinted back to my space ship ( i did n't have a space suit coz fuck logic ) to tell nasa and earth of my discovery . 
  on my way there i felt tugging at my bear feet . 
  i looked down and one of the small skeletons were attacking me , then suddenly more and more came . 
  and of course , i killed them all in self defense . 
  i finally made it back and phoned nasa on one of [ these ] ( http://www.nathanhuppatz.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/old_phone.gif ) . 
  i told them that i had found life . 
  i could hear on the phone all of them rejoicing , crying and hugging in mankind 's greatest discovery yet . 
  then finally , i had to tell them that i had killed all of them . 
  i forgot what happened after that part but i imagine it went a lot the lines of them making my ship self-destruct . 
  many have already stated it , it 's total war : shogun 2 . 
  the hojo homeland , izu province . 
  the buttons and ui are definitely different which leads me to believe it 's a mod . 
  however , it looks sexy as fuck . 
  i had a fucking [ huntsman ] ( http://www.fourthcrossingwildlife.com/huntsman_spider2.jpg ) in my shorts pocket and it ran out after i put on my shorts and got up to my armpit !!!!!!!!!, 
  hahahhaah holy shit , finally something gave me a good laugh today . 
  idgaf if it was reposted , thanks you for brightening up my day op . 
  three separate times today i 've seen this picture on the front page . 
  three times today i misread the title as `` rappelling lion '' . 
  three times i opened the picture again hoping that i must 've missed the lion or it was hidden in the background . 
  ywow , this is one of the better colourizations i 've seen . 
  looks so lifelike compared to all the others !, 
  awesome photo and awesome recolour man !, 
  came here to say this . 
  hell , i 'm sap but this is just over the line , as whileyouwereliving put it , you need some medication . 
  you are expected to take that chair by everyone in the room . 
  you are pretty much meant to , you do n't have to talk to the girl . 
  holy shit that would be fun . 
  work together to take down the bus . 
  edit : bumper cars from now on should have hp , judging by the ferocity of the bump they receive it should take hp off the car . 
  when it reaches 0 your car gets disabled and you have to watch as other people smash into you . 
  then there is also the bus , which has 10x more hp than the cars and does 5x more damage . 
  you must form alliances to bring it down . 
  i should be a game developer . 
  i 'm normally like this as well . 
  i 'll try and avoid people . 
  but this one time , i was like 10 or 11 . 
  some dick kept smashing into me and laughing . 
  every time , he followed me the whole time smashing me . 
  then i decided i had enough , i followed him and tail whipped him and he smashed head on with the wall . 
  as i came around again i saw one of the employees running across he track to this kids car . 
  i had to swerve head on into the wall to avoid taking this guys legs out . 
  i just assumed that kid died at the scene , i went home and played pokemon . 
  reminded me of terarria a lot . 
  i believe he means the original black and white image . 
  i take it you like the civil war ? 
  a lot xd, 
  yeah , i took a quick look around google as well for him . 
  and could only find the white house one . 
  that 's freaking awesome !, 
  that 's like the only thing people relate me to now when i tell them i 'm serbian -_-, 
  slavs !, 
  fucking finally !, 
  close enough to serbia !, 
  imagine the humiliation ... 
  also , that guy that got his ass handed to him while musashi was a kid . 
  edit : arima kihei was his name . 
  i was amazed at the motion capture , then found myself giggling while gladiators danced to gangnam style . 
  also , i wanted that shogun 2 calendar :(, 
  and the warning in advance is a big plus !, 
  upholding the bro-code . 
  but honour ...
