this is great !, 
  soviet national anthem . 
  the female bedbug does not have a vagina , the male has to drill one into her . 
  ^ i think i got that right . 
  what does the peta lion in futurama eat ? 
  movies have all these amazing special effect these days but have no heart or decent story to go with it . 
  is it just me or does it look like the guy at the end is about to whack the man on fire square in the face ? 
  i had this same problem , i was waiting for the installer to finish while i was playing age of mythology . 
  then my computer crashed . 
  i ran diablo iii after that and it was stuck on updating setup files , i just ran the installer again and it fixed it after 2 or 3 minutes . 
  hope it works for you , you wo n't be disappointed by the content within :d, 
  i have n't had the time to watch it all yet , i watched a bit of number one ( just skimmed through ) and it looks amazing !, 
  good work sir , you have convinced me to buy the uncharted series . 
  i have noticed that when our family go out to play football ( keep in mind he fought in a war and was a really good football player ) he 'd refuse to play and just go have another smoke , or on the off chance he does play he 'll tire quickly and just stand infront of goals and not do anything . 
  i can probably use this against him , thanks man , 
  if this is n't playing in the background , he is n't legit , and you best get out of there . 
  [ every store needs this !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlaekpsclqy ), 
  yes , i 'll try the running idea tomorrow . 
  i had no idea electronic cigarettes even existed . 
  thank you all very much . 
  the prophecy has been fulfilled ... 
  happened to me as well . 
  never mind the $ 9999 . 
  was just a joke xd, 
  this is great !, 
  i only just recently found my old age of empires 2 and age of mythology games . 
  just finished age of mythology . 
  definitely subscribing !, 
  thank you , thank you brian for being the only meme that cracks me up every time , 
  holy beejesus that 's looks awesome . 
  almost like an exact replica , props to you my good sir . 
  pun was n't intended . 
  but once again , freaking amazing costume :d, 
  to be honest , even facebook could be a survival tool . 
  leaving a status like `` if in need of shelter , come to ` route 45 camp '' , byo drinks/food '' , could provide you with more food/water/weaponry . 
  but i understand where you are coming from . 
  firstly , i 'd like to apologize to everyone who thought i knew exactly how the internet works , living in rural serbia for nearly all my life i have no idea how it works . 
  secondly , thanks to everyone that has provided their input and educated guesses . 
  hahahaha , if there are quotes like that in the comics i 'm gon na go read them now xd, 
  made a reference to portal during zombie apocolypse = my favourite . 
  defend hershel 's farm by building hedges . 
  i believe it was douchebag . 
  yeah , that 's a good one . 
  this is the closest i could find . 
  even the subject of that quote could n't help but giggle . 
  this sounds good , i 'm planning on making some of these to liven up the place . 
  beaten to death by breasts . 
  this is right , apparently the victims at the front died of brain damage from crashing , but the rest ~ ~ died ~ ~ got their brains destroyed from being trapped in a huge metal oven ( otherwise know as a car ) . 
  you know , i posted this on a forum a couple of months ago , got 3 pages saying its a good map . 
  not one post with constructive criticism !, 
  and now , first post on reddit is cc . 
  thanks very much man , it means a lot !, 
  hmmm , i 'm liking the idea of aqueducts to supply water to the desert town . 
  thanks for the idea :d, 
  just to clear up any confusion , this really is my friend and co-creator of the map . 
  and yes , as he said , we need to fix up some junk on the map then we 'll release a `` beta '' ( i guess ) to the public . 
  comment on youtube ... 
  `` sue the driver '' ... 
  holy shit, 
  some parts of it seem scripted , yet even the parts that are scripted have some decent gameplay element to them . 
  except for , as op stated , the fluid transition between enemies . 
  like what if they happened to be in the same room and you attempted a takedown ? 
  despite that , this game looks extremely promising , the amount of variety provided with your choice of actions and responses from ellie ( ? ), 
  warrants this as a definite purchase for me , 
  planning to save up around 11-15k aud . 
  flying from aus - serbia - america - brazil . 
  ( serbia/america to visit relatives ) . 
  and brazil for well ... you know . 
  i 'll probably need a bit more than 15k for all that : /, 
  have around 1.5 k saved up at the moment : /, 
  holy reekris this is amazing , i hope you wo n't mind if i replicate it on mine ? 
  spent a good 10 minutes straining my eyes to see through the maze . 
  the serbian national anthem - boze pravde, 
  i agree with pap3rkat , jockeying is a really useful tool in medium and hard difficulties , especially hard . 
  ps3 = x ( jockey ), 
  xbox = a ( jockey ) i think, 
  another thing i wanted to bring up was god damned futsal tournaments . 
  all of my shots are on target but the keeper turns into some sort of football demigod and manages to block 8 ( i kid you not ) , 8 consecutive shots in a row . 
  it 's ridiculously difficult . 
  speed is one of the attributes that i sometimes regret maxing out . 
  my player is so fast i have like less than a split second to react :(, 
  psn : sinisa26, 
  you should edit your topic post to include a list of all the people who have provided their gamer tags , just a suggestion , 
  many lols were had at psyche and henry !!!, 
  hahaha, 
  thanks you so much for this enjoyment , i hope there 's a part two someday . 
  did the germans and/or your family come across any infantry confrontations ? 
  or was it just mostly air raids ? 
  my father served in war as well ( yugoslav wars ) . 
  though i do not remember much as i was very young . 
  but he does have interesting stories he would always tell me as a little kid . 
  to add onto this , a lot of my relatives served in war . 
  the way you and your grandnonna are portraying these germans truly gives me a better understanding of them than 5 years of modern history did . 
  i have a newfound respect for the germans which served in world war ii . 
  thanks you so much for doing this ama . 
  backtrack 3 years , grade/year 11 . 
  i 'm on the football pitch during lunch break . 
  we notice a mass of people walking towards the pitch . 
  we instantly know its a fight ( usually between two people , fights were always held on the football pitch , and the whole school would know about them ) .
