  the map does n't even have to be a square . 
  perhaps there could be a type of map that 's just a mountain passage . 
  a rectangular map , set between two mountains , with a narrow passage down the middle . 
  yes , god yes . 
  mountain passes as maps would be awesome , and easy to defend , unless they manage to get behind you somehow . 
  i 'd like mountains also to have a chance of inflicting massive damage to any team climbing it , avalanches , 
  i support this . 
  however i 'm not even going to pretend to be smart enough to know what effects this would have on the military . 
  exactly the kind of answer i was looking for , thank you !, 
  sly cooper ? 
  someone get this guy a producer !, 
  hmm interesting read . 
  but i have a question . 
  if it is constantly blasting water into space ( saturn 's e-ring ) , and has been for billions of years . 
  does it somehow refill it 's water supply or am i missing something ? 
  hmm interesting read . 
  but i have a question . 
  if it is constantly blasting water into space ( saturn 's e-ring ) , and has been for billions of years . 
  does it somehow refill it 's water supply or am i missing something ? 
  did n't think i 'd watch the whole thing , however i did . 
  amazing and informative . 
  c'mon what happened to you history channel !, 
  one of my friends is also a member of the shimazu :d, 
  i like playing as the shimazu as they have their nice corner position in satsuma , then you take all of kyushuu , and have a nice ` bottleneck ' connecting kyushuu to honshu ( excluding ` naval surprises ' ) . 
  i usually tend to stay shinto-buddism ( honour thing ) . 
  i 've never taken kyoto as i can never be bothered playing after realm divide . 
  i like the start because i find it more enjoyable commanding smaller armies . 
  i 'd say that 's it 's one of the arts , either 10 % extra accuracy or 50 % ( do n't remember ) . 
  this kind of reminds me of how the last [ unlucky samurai ] ( http://imgur.com/oflzr,o1myy#0 ) went in my game . 
  man , you guys won like every battle !, 
  though , some of them seem a bit overkill . 
  like when you send 20000men against 700 . 
  though , this does accurately reflect when i send 1500 archers to siege one unit of samurai retainers ( 35 ) . 
  tobasas sums it up perfectly . 
  i never had vassals which is probably why i always got bored during realm divide . 
  you have an option to play out the battle of sekigahara in the main menu . 
  it must be awesome to play a game controlling your ancestors !, 
  out of curiosity , which dynasty warriors includes the shimazu ? 
  edit : oh , is it the samurai warriors games ? 
  i have n't played the battle yet but after reading about the battle of sekigahara , i think i might this afternoon . 
  i wonder if miyamoto musashi will make an appearance ? 
  queensland , aus . 
  i 'll pm you his name . 
  dynatsy warriors 3 was my favourite !, 
  and i think i vaguely remember a shimazu character . 
  though , dw is set in around the 3rd-4th century i believe , so it would n't be a shimazu i was familiar with . 
  side question : does it feel weird controlling your ` ancestors ' ? 
  i think it is $ 7 usd on amazon.com ( for us residents only , and judging by your other post , you are in us . 
  edit : whoop , nevermind , jumped back to $ 29 . 
  i agree , i had a quick look on the total war wiki and it does n't seem like he makes an appearance :(, 
  i believe this is the doco you are talking about ? 
  [ samurai ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nt1tppkvmm ) . 
  i watched it two days ago :d, 
  that 's alright , 
  just finished battle of sekigahara . 
  here 's the basic rundown i think . 
  you play as toyotomi ( i think ) . 
  toyotomi deploys 2880 troops ( ? ), 
  ( ally ), 
  shimazu deploy 200 troops ( ally ), 
  tokugawa delpoys 3200 ( ish ) ( enemy ), 
  and another clan ( i forgot name ) deploys around 1000ish . 
  ( ally ), 
  shimazu refuse to fight because a messenger did n't dismount his horse when delivering a message . 
  after annihilating tokugawa , that other clan betray you . 
  that is one of the most beautiful pieces if land i 've ever seen . 
  screensaver 'd, 
  thanks, 
  something better to be done with the family tree system . 
  perfect , total war : lotr . 
  not too magic based . 
  would be amazing . 
  i 'd also like to see more interactability ( ? ), 
  with the terrain . 
  such as ;, 
  - imagine one army is near the base of a large mountain , you can aim some form of rockets at the mountain top , or send some explosive units to set off bombs at the top , to create an avalanche to sweep the opposing army . 
  - you see an army go into hiding in a forest , you send some units to set the forest on fire and burn them out . 
  - notice an army camping out near a river , poison the river to inflict damage on them . 
  edit : owait , this is for rome ii , did they have explosives ? 
  also , children . 
  shogun 2 : shimazu , for the sole fact that i have plenty of friends with the shimazu surname . 
  christianity is a bitch though . 
  that 's amazing . 
  can you imagine the creator of it coming back to life , finding his own watch 400 years later , and it is still working . 
  ( i guess it might 've been repaired though ) . 
  i do enjoy reading the excerpts though . 
  because most of the money goes to the military . 
  i saw a nice picture yesterday , i 'll see if i can find it for you . 
  edit : well , it was easier than i thought . 
  [ for the cost of the war on terror , we could have launched over 1,200 curiosity-sized mars missions . 
  i would really like you and whit3y to collaborate and write a book . 
  you need a producer , stat !, 
  you 're right . 
  i happen to be from aus , and this is also how i see it . 
  well , i 'm sure to you ( outsiders ) , this place might be heavenly . 
  but for me , i want to get the hell off this damned island xd, 
  i 'm not op btw . 
  that picture seems ridiculously clear/good for 1843 . 
  that 's really nicely done . 
  awesome !,
