  wait , you can rewind ? 
  inb4 north korea throws millions of defectors at south korea to destroy the economy , then north korea comes in and picks at the ruins of the former prosperous nation . 
  aaaaand wallpaper 'd . 
  i guess when you put it that way , it kind of does make sense . 
  but there seems to be so many other ways you could deal with the bow samurai army rather than nerfing archers as a whole . 
  do you use an alternative to darthmod , or just play vanilla ? 
  wow that sounds ridiculously difficult , i never dream of going higher than normal , i am content with the fact that i suck . 
  have n't heard of rsii or broken crescent , might give them a go . 
  thanks for that . 
  zzzzzz , guess i 'm uninstalling darth mod ... 
  thanks for the insight . 
  hah , was wondering why i could n't find them . 
  i should 've known rsii was for rtw . 
  thanks . 
  i really do n't like it , i do n't enjoy the archers , it 's just too much of a game breaker in my opinion . 
  however the improved battles and ai are nice . 
  that 's also what i do , in normal shogun ( with my bowmen ) . 
  i feel dishonourable , but , what must be done must be done . 
  something about his act seemed lacking ... ca n't say what though . 
  i think , the closest i could find , was that aristotle believed that the earth always existed . 
  i know that does n't answer your question but it 's the best i could do without being educated on the subject . 
  that really would have been something to behold eh ? 
  wow , that first link really tugs at my heart strings . 
  is n't it strange how it takes such a horrible disaster to bring the world together ? 
  i never said it would be good , for anyone . 
  did you kill 108 of your own men with those longbows ? 
  dude , kenshin was a fucking badass . 
  they did n't call him the god of war for nothing . 
  he actually publicly wept when he heard about shingen 's death and dismissed the opportunity to attack takeda as ` childish ' . 
  and engaged in combat with shingen personally at kawanakajima . 
  and when shingen was on his death bed , he told his son to rely on kenshin and the uesugi which would then cause an alliance . 
  also , i think i vaguely remember that hojo and some other clans had blocked off takeda 's food route ( ? ), 
  which offered kenshin the chance to destroy takeda for good , instead of destroying them he gave them salt ( to preserve food ) and made the statement `` war is to be won with swords and spears , not rice and salt '' . 
  tanegashima tomokata , this guy and his light cavalry got ambushed by 300 people and 400 people at different times . 
  his whole army consisted of ( 10 individual generals/bodyguards and 15 individual light cavalry ) . 
  on two separate occasions he managed to destroy two armies by himself . 
  sly cooperrr !!, 
  oh yeah , someone told me all this in another thread and i was just relaying it , it must 've been you . 
  edit : [ it 's a small world . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/totalwar/comments/zt8eq/damn_ai_making_me_feel_bad/c67mzmd ), 
  well , thank you for passing on this knowledge to me , 
  better try r/historicalwhatif, 
  i just ca n't stand massive battles like this , i enjoy watching them , but actually controlling it i end up frying my brain before my computer . 
  there 's just so many units to keep track of and it gets hectic !, 
  ot : awesome battle , knowing me i would 've lost horrendously . 
  i 'm pretty sure in shogun ii , it is the ` k ' key . 
  not sure about the others . 
  i swear to god you seem to be some kind of total war overlord , you seem to know everything !, 
  how the fuck are you still alive demon !, 
  oh , you are a copy of the old one . 
  wow , the amazing this about this cosplay ( ? ), 
  is that it looks like normal wear , you could go out in public and not have people stare at you . 
  is there some sort of google translate program for this monstrosity ? 
  serbia = terrorists, 
  serbia is like terrorists in everyone countries ` according to ' except russia and greece xd, 
  is this how englishmen talk ? 
  i love these kinds of pictures , really gives me a feel of the time and place . 
  please do make some , if it 's not too much to ask . 
  what on earth are things like this used for ? 
  well , with upwards of 7 billion people playing at once , there 's always got to be something interesting going down . 
  you 're not alone friend , i get shivers when seeing such a well preserved body from pre 1800 's . 
  this [ one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/44/tollundmannen.jpg ) ( from 4th century bc ) i find rather fascinating . 
  also , [ ramesses ii ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/rammummy.jpg ) is n't looking too shabby from 1213 bc . 
  there is something so fluid about the way his mouth and chin move , it 's almost ... all glory to the freeman !, 
  same here friend !, 
  kingdom hearts !, 
  `` oooh !, 
  i liked him '' :(, 
  wonder if anyone will get the reference . 
  she 's got some hardcore chafing going on at the thighs . 
  ah well !, 
  damn , as much as i idolise tesla , i have never seen this picture . 
  thank you man !, 
  edit : 14 and already has a rocking moustache . 
  i 'm guessing you meant dad ? 
  me and my cousin did this once when we made a cubby house , we used a lamp as a support for the blanket and left it on . 
  thankfully we were n't sleeping under it when shit went down . 
  so just cover it with anything ? 
  how tight , how long ( if paramedics are n't an option ) ? 
  please someone answer this man !, 
  it is a really amazing thing , i wonder if there is a word for this feeling . 
  truly phenomenal . 
  if i may ask , who is that second character ? 
  guess what you get !, 
  li dian is playable as well . 
  man , they must 've went all out in dw7 . 
  i think it 's high time i bought it . 
  all these people that used to be faceless generals are suddenly playable characters , so much more story potential . 
  thanks . 
  police probably dismissed it as halloween tomfoolery . 
  i read it in one of the articles that the police took a while to show up `` maybe because they thought it was a halloween joke '' . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure if that 's how it goes , but it was something along those lines . 
  if i can find the article i 'll gladly link you to it . 
  i also never meant for my post to be taken as hard fact . 
  you should check out [ seizo fukumoto ] ( http://today.msnbc.msn.com/id/4625204/ns/today-entertainment/t/dying-camera-one-actor-its-living/#.ujkjvmxmh9s ) . 
  he 's the silent samurai ( bob ) from the last samurai . 
  damn that one third . 
  had you tagged as `` promised aomii '' , you did not disappoint . 
  i 'm so happy to see that you are actually continuing with the idea . 
  i doubt i can offer you any assistance in terms of modelling , audio/music , animating , web developing or texturing .
