  it was glorious . 
  kinda strange when i think about it . 
  it is completely possible that our great-grandfathers fought each other in wwi . 
  yet , here we are , their descendants , conversing with each other as if nothing ever happened . 
  this again ? 
  jabba the hutt . 
  this is defining moment of your campaign op . 
  vivian you bitch, 
  [ just looking at these pictures ... ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/737500/computer-explode-o.gif ), 
  wtf is chosokabe doing in echigo ? 
  christ ... 
   mercenary riflemen trained through the geisha chain buildings ( the modern one ) made available by this mod, 
  i swear you know this mod off by heart . 
  i ca n't thank you enough for introducing it to me !, 
  shit yes , this is a great way to end the day . 
  [ from the related sections ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xjo7zmq3mk ), 
  this was beautiful , and reminds me exactly of how my old dog passed ( he did n't have any of these diseases , but we spent the whole night with him ) . 
  hell yes it does , thank you . 
  i 'm in the same boat as lasthuman , the past month and the next two will weeks were and will be very hectic for me . 
  but after that , hopefully siitake and i can continue our japanese town . 
  at the time of my post , 5 hours after yours , it seems that $ 255 has been donated to the tulsa day center for the homeless . 
  good work reddit . 
  / u/phistagon claims to have donated $ 1,000,000,000,000,000 which would bring the total up to around $ 1,000,000,000,000,255 . 
  i do n't think there is much legitimacy to his claim however . 
  i think i read somewhere , that the japanese ( not sure which side ) , ordered a lot of equipment + weapons from the us due to the surplus left over as a result of the civil war . 
  i might be wrong though , i know that you know a lot about japanese history , just wondering if you could verify !, 
  wow really ? 
  what 's happened in bosnia ? 
  every day i go to work i 'm greeted by this sign . 
  is this the siege of osaka ? 
  looking forward to seeing you all again !, 
  could you do me a favour and let siitake know that i will be back soon ? 
  i hope he does n't think i 've abandoned him and out city :(, 
  i actually got into a phase a while ago where i would do this . 
  i fell asleep as soon as i got home from school , then woke up around midnight , then did my assignments/homework . 
  felt amazing . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2013/06/2013611152720320390.html ) is all i could find , it 's from early july however ... 
  dude , as if you 'd adopt yamakawa hiroshi ... you 're like a year older than him . 
  also , i could never get that bastard katamori to have children . 
  i can vouch for it , it 's honestly my favourite mod out there . 
  hmm , i noticed the whole cavalry force stopped as soon as a portion of their unit got attacked , so that 's still in ... 
  but the rest looks amazing ... 
  well you 've convinced me to vote for him . 
  that was unbelievable ... 
  this day has been a good day for rome ii . 
  i 'll probably cry tears of joy if the macedon part 5 playthrough comes out today !, 
  9 more days my friend . 
  [ seems as if clinton has made his way over to japan ] ( http://2.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/80/22/d065806b4627a8fba1b92f00e9dbd1f7-this-man-will-sniff-your-bike-seat.jpg ) . 
  what a marvelous specimen . 
  i got into a phase where i did the segmented sleep thing . 
  and honestly , i can say that i always felt so much more productive . 
  i 'd get home from school , go straight to bed ( maybe eat something beforehand ) , wake up at midnight , do my assignments/homework/study , then go back to be again . 
  felt amazing ... 
  i 'll usually lie in bed , and watch like a 40 min episode of one of my favourite shows , then i find it to be ridiculously easy to fall asleep after . 
  no matter how many times i watch it , the scene with the flashback of him teaching his kid how to walk is what gets me ... 
  by far one of my favourite commercials . 
  definitely watch some kurosawa stuff !, 
  when the last sword is drawn . 
  tenchijin, 
  it 's pretty historically innaccurate ... 
  still a good movie though . 
  likewise , i 'm silently waiting for shogun iii in 2020 . 
  well you can tell by my flair that i am absolutely in love with it . 
  i ca n't bring myself to revert back to vanilla after experiencing it . 
  ** some key features off the top of my head **, 
  - lots of new clans !, 
  - every clan starts off with a unique hero unit . 
  - many new buildings . 
  - an objective system similar to fots ( every clan either supports the tokugawa or toyotomi ) . 
  - much later starting date ( iirc it is 1590 ) . 
  - new agents . 
  - new arts that can be researched . 
  - many new daimyo ( for example , date clan is n't led by harumune anymore , it is led by masamune ) . 
  - some new random events . 
  - campaign map gets retextured ( optional ) . 
  - comes with it 's own launcher . 
  that 's all i can remember off the top of my head . 
  i would strongly recommend you give it a shot !, 
  well the hattori clan is in it , but under a different name , they are called the `` iga-ikki '' clan , you need to have the hattori dlc to be able to play them , which i suppose you already do . 
  tokugawa is in there as well . 
  glad i could convert another person !, 
  historically accurate sandals . 
  make use of toshikatsu 's hankyu samurai , those guys are absolutely godly . 
  they average around 1000 kills for me every battle . 
  that 's about all i can say , i do n't think it differs too much from darthmod . 
  in siege battles , make sure that your hankyu samurai are not firing over one of your friendly units , you will sustain a lot of friendly fire . 
  i 'm serious . 
  in a week i will finally be free ... 
  only to enter the hardships of adulthood and learn to hate my new job . 
  children , but that is still a while away . 
  as an amateur history nerd these are the ones that get me . 
  - the katana was not the primary weapon of samurai , this position belonged to either the yari ( spear ) or yumi ( bow ) . 
  - the boshin war was not fought between traditionalists and modernists . 
  i 'm looking at you tom cruise . 
  out of the three gatling guns in japan , nagaoka ( ally of the shogunate ) controlled two of them . 
  both sides used modernised equipment and weapons , albeit , the imperialists had the upper hand . 
  i 'm in gold coast so that means i have to wait until 3am as well ... 
  even worse is that i have my most important tests of my life on wednesday so i wo n't be going to the 3am opening . 
  though , i suppose it 'll be good to celebrate the end of my schooling life with rome ii . 
  you 're a saint .
