  i wish i could use those flaming balls to that effect . 
  now that would be a true christmas miracle . 
  nicely done , good editing , really enjoyed watching that . 
   fall of the fots, 
  i come here to laugh at silvers ... 
  ... not to feel :(, 
  wow , that guy had some balls to test it in person , even if they were blunted . 
  i 've never seen the ai use them , but when i do , i 'm more likely to kill my own men instead of the enemy . 
  i love how the video with the guy getting headshotted is n't marked nsfw but this is . 
  it 's just a joke comment, 
  that man deserves his freedom . 
  jesus i love having a full army of op samurai archers and then going up against an army of looters . 
  turns into a fucking massacre, 
  rip zbrilo momentum train, 
  loooool, 
  i 'm addicted . 
  send help please . 
  hype !, 
  if a team has a serbian player or is a serbian team , my patriotism demands i go all in on them . 
  been watching taz lately , he is great . 
  makes me laugh so much . 
  ** http://www.twitch.tv/g5taz**, 
  i think it is the extended japan mod , which adds way more provinces and clans . 
  yep , i think there has to be no general in the army for a unit to get promoted after a battle . 
  shame it did n't happen in op 's pic . 
  nice , been looking to pick it up lately . 
   did where a suit when he was young, 
  damn dude , reminds me of my midnight retail shifts . 
  just a lot scarier . 
  the uk is completely screwing over mainland europe in my campaign . 
  they 've taken parts of france , most of holland and captured warsaw somehow . 
  i always thought nuke was in some balkan country . 
  ... the fuck ? 
  this video shows get_right doing it . 
  the game has been on lounge for like 2-3 days has n't it ? 
  most get put up a day before , or even less . 
  anyone else having issues with stream ? 
  i ca n't get it to load , i get this message . 
  `` failed to load video . 
  please submit and issue report . '', 
  stayed up until 3am to `` watch '' this game , need to get my adrenaline fix in . 
  seems to be , that was my suspicion as well . 
  i bet abbott did this . 
  hungarian stream works for me . 
  but russian and english do not o.o, 
  no worries , i hope the issue is fixed for the next match , i 've been really looking forward to aimface . 
  you have balls dude, 
  i bet 40c and i 'm hyperventilating right now . 
  yep , this fixed it for me . 
  to each his own . 
  personally i think gekokujo had the best battlefields . 
  niko is bosnian . 
  do n't worry aimface betters . 
  your skins are safe with ynk, 
  yeah it was n't the best video , but ynk really is a good player . 
  k1ng0r was playing with niko last map . 
  k1ng0r played amazingly in that first half . 
  if anyone is interested this is his twitch channel . 
  ahh , i see . 
  my bad, 
  russian stream, 
  nooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  overtime is still a possibility !, 
  come on aimface !, 
  my fucking heart, 
  call the ambulance, 
  what a fucking match !!!!, 
  holy fuck aimface must be on such a high right now . 
  they are gon na go at gplay so hard, 
  please glorious moderators , may we have an aimface flair ? 
  question darren ,, 
  how come at [ 1:16 ] ( http://youtu.be/1atylib2uku?t=1m16s ) the `` start campaign '' button is grayed out for the alans and the huns ? 
  is it because they are unplayable in the preview version ? 
  11-8 ubinited, 
  3rd map, 
  i think his crosshair was good at the start , but he ran into some boxes on the ground ( while he was flashed ) which moved him a bit to the right , throwing off his aim . 
  info from / r/csgolounge, 
  i bet on volgare but i do n't mind , i 'm happy other people will not be cheated out of their skins . 
  good work by csgolounge !, 
  good job on catching onto this so quickly . 
  also holy shit at the comments in that subreddit . 
  about 10 months, 
  that would be amazing . 
  [ / u/counttentacles is doing score updates here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/csgobetting/comments/2ri3p2/ldlc_vs_mousesports_bo5_07012015_2000/cnhiksi ), 
  exactly what i thought , i was unreasonably happy when that smoke went across the map , hit the roof then landed on his head . 
  very glad to see legija finally stepping up , hope he stays this way . 
  now we just need gob b and zonix to show up and mouz has a pretty good chance to take a map or two . 
  do you mean nikolinho , from aimface ? 
  i 'd like to see more of him and k1ng0r . 
  they are n't doing too bad , considering ldlc is 2nd in the world , i think they are faring better with this lineup than they would 've with the older one . 
  i bet my child on mouz . 
  pretty sure he is just fooling around ... 
  i hope, 
  that giveaway is great, 
  yeah , 11-16 i think . 
  skins are more useful than him, 
  not looking good for mouz , first two maps were kinda close but this is looking like it is going to be a stomp . 
  once upon a time ldlc had fnatic at 12-3 on overpass . 
  i will be happy if mouz get just one round :d,
