  this thread was x-posted to the / totalwar subreddit . 
  he must 've just come off playing shogun 2 and did n't realise this was reality yet . 
  my instant reaction was ` custer ? ', 
  long haired wigs also ? 
  i just , kind of feel like we could dig a little under any random place on mars , and there 'll be something waiting for us . 
  an arrowhead , some ancient artefact of a civilization only dreamt up in science fiction books and in the minds of us , humans , an entirely different civilization on a planet light years away . 
  i just , kind of feel like we could dig a little under any random place on mars , and there 'll be something waiting for us . 
  an arrowhead , some ancient artefact of a civilization only dreamt up in science fiction books and in the minds of us , humans , an entirely different civilization on a planet light years away . 
  i remember a question in r/historicalwhatif where someone asks what it would be like if land/earth were inverted . 
  there was a great discussion going on and i think most of you would be very interested in it . 
  defintely , the mediterranean . 
  are they graves at the front ? 
  what are they ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  that was my initial thought as well . 
  is it just me or does the area where the water delta was meant to be , seem higher than everything else ? 
  ah makes sense , i should stop jumping to conclusions and look at the bigger image . 
  thanks, 
  an even crazier thought is , could any of these stones , be from earth ? 
  like , when a massive asteroid hits , could it have launched some of these stones onto mars ? 
  the fuck is a doomba ? 
  t-th-that exists ? 
  i have been on reddit in the past 24 hours . 
  i saw another doomba , but just addressed it as some strange american thing . 
  now it 's popping up everywhere , and i had to know !, 
  ahhh , i saw that first one on the front page a couple of hours ago . 
  you americans and your inventions . 
  i knew something fishy was going on when i read your name , hahahha . 
  ahhh , that 's amazing !, 
  do n't tell me what to do . 
  so close to being a wallpaper . 
  i can only spot one person without one , at the very front right . 
  this , these are the great kinds of intros . 
  get you really hyped up for the game , and give you all the new mechanics . 
  that is an infinitely times better angle of the ` delta ' . 
  thank you very much . 
  i love you oatmeal , thank you so much . 
  i 'm so proud that nikola tesla is finally getting the respect and recognition he deserves . 
  thank you to everyone who has donated , everyone who has spread the word for this . 
  i 'm so happy to belong to a community of like-minded people . 
  maybe now my country can also be put back on the map . 
   everyone you will ever meet knows something you do n't . 
  bill nye, 
  should we contact bill nye ? 
  i 'm sure he 'd like to get behind it . 
  and mythbusters ? 
  i 've sent emails to bill nye and most of the mythbusters crew . 
  i 'd love to see this happen . 
  how in the hell ? 
  who in their right minds think this is a perfectly normal way to catalogue spiders . 
  on an unrelated note though , he has a glorius beard , even if it is intertwined with spiders . 
  to be perfectly honest , that would be my first thought as well . 
  the barrel , i would have never guessed that fire fighters would do this xd, 
  damn , tito was getting old !, 
  it 's beautiful , in a terrible aspect !, 
  samurai totally win in [ intimidation ] ( http://www.ikigaiway.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/12/samurai_facemask.jpg ) though . 
  i 'd feel much safer going up against a naked man , even if he is 7ft tall than a fully armoured samurai that looks like [ this ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m79c3qx6xv1rxg4hio1_500.jpg ) . 
  but what do i know , i 'm just an average 17 year old redditor . 
  sent them 4k , they get wiped out . 
  why you so bad oda !, 
  did we uhhh ... did we literally rape them to extinction ? 
  well then , that pretty much answers it . 
  but what if a deadly , contagious plague just happens to primarily affect our selected country of chad . 
  or any other natural disaster that could destroy the population . 
  i know it 's very unlikely and hypothetical , but i 'm very interested and have been researching a lot about wars recently . 
  and i imagine scenarios such as this could begin wars , provided the land had resources worth fighting for . 
  i appreciate the answer , thank you . 
  jesus christ , fots looks pretty . 
  ca n't wait for new computer !!, 
  just like my son having a full beard at 14 . 
  posted this a couple weeks ago , downvote oblivion . 
  need witty title ... 
  this must be where my extra 10kgs every exam block comes from . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  would any of you be interested for a final dlc or expansion pack for shogun 2 , which is the mongol horde ? 
  blood mod would make 1:40 so dramatic . 
  decapitation sacrifice ? 
  i believe it is one of the the mastery of the arts rewards . 
  the spear art after spear expertise i believe . 
  got ta congratulate you on that . 
  you said on a post below you can edit unit size by editing one of the folders . 
  is there a limit ? 
  i wish to go to like , 0.2 . 
  i much more prefer playing with small armies than big ones , 
  losing a battle on which i outnumbered them to around 3:1 . 
  i had no idea ff existed . 
  just kept lobbing into my own people with arrows and bullets until they started routing . 
  one of my favorite totalwar youtubers , would be totalwarstrategist1 . 
  awesome , thanks for that . 
  oh , i could 've sworn my yari ashigaru had it . 
  edit : god damn it i 'm an idiot , i 'm playing with darth mod -_-, 
  are you sure it is n't in the users.script ? 
  i checked every word in preferences.script and could n't find ` campaign_unit_multiplier ' . 
  however , in users.script , it was there ? 
  i 'm kind of lost . 
  what the hell happened to the lens after he unscrewed them ? 
  his hands are empty when he walks off . 
  i believe he is some sort of hero , from the top of my memory . 
  look at those eyes ... 
  god dang it , i just had some time off and was looking to play it .
