  as soon as i get home it unlocks . 
  you got it !, 
  specifically , serbia !, 
  [ i 'm coming !, 
  it might just be my computer , however the settings are on extreme : /, 
  extreme ... 
  initially it started damn well near unplayable for me . 
  but with a bit of fooling around in the options i 've managed to get it to run relatively well , at good graphics as well . 
  every time i besiege an enemy , they always have slingers/archers stationed on their walls and no one at the victory point . 
  that second last picture is terrifying . 
  protip , if you are retarded like me , and ca n't find the onager assembly instructions . 
  it 's at the very inside/bottom of the case . 
  you have to take out the mould ( ? 
  happens to me as well . 
  sometimes they 'll kill them , other times they just let them pass . 
  it was one of my most favourite parts of the predecessor total wars . 
  yeah , they do n't show up on the map anymore when they 're routing as they did in shogun 2 . 
  this is total war mate . 
  i 've only played shogun 2 so i could n't really confirm it for the others off the top of my head . 
  it 's near the battle map , in one of the bottom corners i believe . 
  also , i think you can access it with tab . 
  i really like when the soldiers are talking between themselves , just that random banter . 
  oh god thank you so much for the second one . 
  i ca n't stand this new camera ... 
  i remember when i was fighting some thracians and i zoomed into their general , he said something along the lines of `` you , is that rust on your armour ? 
  how dare you ruin my unit !?!? '', 
  i was slinging some guys , thracians again . 
  i ca n't remember it word for word , but it was something along the lines of this . 
  first a guy starts yelling/screaming , then one of his friends say `` of course it hurts you idiot '' . 
  right click the game in your steam library , then click properties , then click the betas tab , then choose the update . 
  total war : rome ii  properties  betas  choose beta/update, 
  playable factions come first , planned factions next , then it goes by alphabetical order . 
  not sure why rhodos is last though . 
  yes , many things are working fine . 
  you 're just one of the unlucky one . 
  if you can not control your anger , no one will be willing to have a rational discussion with you . 
  i kinda miss seeing you around this subreddit ... :(, 
  and sadly , our little subreddit is turning into that as well . 
  i must say it was a joy spending time there during the shogun 2 timeframe ... 
  but now i fear it is over . 
  where do you think we are ? 
  well , there 's the rome ii novel , ` destroy carthage ' . 
  i have n't read it yet but it looks pretty good . 
  definitely shogun ii !, 
  nope , you 're not the only one . 
  it 's bloody annoying ... 
  oh god please do !, 
  i absolutely love studying japanese history and looking at these photos . 
  in my opinion , this subreddit seems to be lacking japanese photos !, 
  every time this is reposted , the top comment calls the woman a bitch . 
  not that i 'm disagreeing though . 
  every time , i must 've seen this commercial about 20 times or so . 
  and it 's always that scene that gets me ... 
  i can get pike phalanxes to work fine , but i do n't understand the point of the hoplite phalanx . 
  keep in mind i never played rtw so this is all new to me . 
  when i activate hoplite phalanx , the men in the unit just bunch up and do n't do anything . 
  is this meant to happen ? 
  this has also happened to me , granted , they got a surprise attack on a unit of three slingers . 
  i sent a unit of mob to circle the enemy army ( they were hidden behind buildings ) and then i charged them into the backs of the slingers while my general unit took on three melee units . 
  the mob routed the slingers and finished with ~ 243 kills i believe . 
  they survived the whole battle with like 60 % casualties . 
  i was pleasantly surprised . 
  hell , there are people still around today born before 1900 . 
  i would 've loved to talk to jiroemon kimura of japan , but sadly , he passed away recently . 
  same as my great-grandfather , he was born ~ 1897 i believe , lived through both world wars and both balkan wars . 
  he would 've had the most amazing stories i bet . 
  it 's been happening in previous installments as well , i was honestly a bit disappointed it was still in rome ii . 
  i played tenka fubu and it was pretty fun , but the sekigahara campaign is much more enjoyable in my honest opinion . 
  i would truly recommend it , i ca n't go back to vanilla after playing it !, 
  yeeeeeeep , 2.7 k checking in here !, 
  it says the garrisoned troops are reinforcements in the pre-battle info part , but they should still spawn inside the town . 
  the patch 2 beta has n't changed this for me . 
  really ? 
  rome ii starts up nearly instantly for me ... shogun ii on the other hand ... 
  i do n't really mind how , just as long as i can still watch the earth/humanity in one way or another . 
  to still be able to see what the future holds . 
  is it time for this thread again ? 
  i swear we had one a couple of hours ago ... 
  [ kinda similar thing happened during the yugoslav wars . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown ), 
  the two guys met about 10-15 years after the incident and became good friends . 
  there was a good documentary that showcases their first meeting but i forgot the name of it . 
  i think it is something along the lines of `` the meeting '' in serbian . 
  wait , we can play as the seleucids now ? 
  i remember ca talking about it but i thought it was gon na be in a future dlc or something . 
  oh right . 
  ahh , that 's right . 
  thank you . 
  you can never have too much artillery . 
  unless you have a whole 20 stacks , then you 'll get bum rushed . 
  i just get a black screen when i do that . 
  this is usually my setup ... 
  a = archer, 
  y = spearman, 
  h = heavy infantry, 
  g = general, 
  -- aaaa --, 
  -- ssss --, 
  -- yyyy --, 
  -- hhhh --,
