  i used to compare the total war games to age of empires ( which i was a huge fan of [ this was also before i played any total wars though ] ) . 
  and i guess i just did n't believe friendly fire existed ( which is completely stupid , considering how realistic tw is ) . 
  or my bowmen were all descendants of legolas . 
  just waiting for aoe 4 , but with rome ii on the horizon i doubt i 'll have time :(, 
  just thought i 'd tell you , that i immensely enjoy your videos/strategies . 
  it helps newbs ( well , me at least ) so much . 
  looking forward to your next one , 
  edit : for example i did n't know keeping your general close would improve morale ( even though it 's obvious ) . 
  and the rally ability once again improving morale . 
  and that friendly fire incident we had in the other thread . 
  they are really useful tips , 
  japan seems like endless beauty . 
  this is amazing . 
  this is spartaa !, 
  i 've always wanted to go to japan . 
  though my family have never felt the same , all they want to do is return to serbia visit relatives and crap . 
  one of my good japanese friends is returning to japan soon and i 'm thinking of tagging along with him , 
  do n't be fooled by it 's disguise , last picture is actually tsunami . 
  get out of there op . 
  mine is either shimazu or date ( well , these are the ones i find easiest to play with ) . 
  shimazu have access to a lot of trade ports early on . 
  plus if you conquer a couple cities then you have the whole of kyushu locked down to yourself , leaving that small choke point in the north to the mainland . 
  bonus because i have friends with the surname shimazu xd, 
  the only issue i had with date was that i instantly allied with the clan under me ( hatakeyama and one other one ) . 
  then these guys expanded like mofo 's before i even had the chance to , now , whenever i feel like conquering i have to walk for like 5 years straight to reach any hostility . 
  i have a feeling that he will be used ( assuming he will get used ) as civilians who 've taken up arms againt the invaders . 
  pretty much personality types . 
  well that 's what google/wiki told me . 
  [ link !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/personality_type#section_4 ), 
  believe me i was completely lost as well , i just quickly googled it , 
  i love how they are only slowly releasing videos/screnshots . 
  keeps everyones interests perked up . 
  we are living in the future my man !, 
  i really want a gameplay trailer to be released to us . 
  but i love the tension so much , it 's been a long time since a game has got me this interested . 
  i 'd like to feel sorry for them , as i normally do when i see death , but they are just ridiculously stupid . 
  good on them . 
  that is a great expression !, 
  singing in german as well . . 
  for some reason , i get the feeling that he 's meant to be taking a picture with his wife ( who , i guess , passed away ) . 
  you know those kind if photos ? 
  if you mean football as in ` soccer ' . 
  i quadruple love you !, 
  god that 'd be amazing , but i 'm not quite 100 % sure it would work out very well with rome ii . 
  i do n't know why but it just does n't seem to fit . 
  i 'd love to see it in shogun 3 . 
  and say if your king/emperor went into battle with you and if he offered to duel , and he wins . 
  he 'd be labelled a fearless bastard and no one would want to invade you for 2-5 seasons . 
  it 's probably not that strange but it was annoying . 
  i was 12 i believe , going from australia - dubai - serbia . 
  dad takes window seat ( son of a bitch ) , i take mid . 
  random arabian pregnant woman takes aisle seat . 
  going to the toilet was a problem as she refused to get up because of stomach pains , and she was moaning the whole time . 
  held it in for the whole flight . 
  even though the airplane food made me sick . 
  she offered me some nice chocolate she bought from dubai as an apology and parting gift xd . 
  the same could be said for east asian consumers as well . 
  they might see rome , medieval , empire as synonymous . 
  ( however , that is hard to believe ) . 
  personally i would love a ` total war : three kingdoms ' game released . 
  but i do n't want total war to turn into cod where it releases games yearly . 
  regardless of that , the total war i want the most must be based on serbia :d, 
  that ... sounds amazing !, 
  i am general_awesome . 
  and i see a whole army of my countrymen here in defiance of tyranny . 
  you have come to fight as free men , and free men you are . 
  what would you do without freedom ? 
  will you fight ? 
  veteran soldier : fight ? 
  against that ? 
  no , we will run ; and we will live . 
  aye , fight and you may die . 
  run and you 'll live -- at least a while . 
  and dying in your beds many years from now , would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance , just one chance to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives , but they 'll never take our freedom !!!, 
  also , carthage must be destroyed , you know , for shits and gigs . 
  thank you very much . 
  hmmm , that might be a problem , any idea why that is happening ? 
  edited in your honour . 
  i should probably start researching seige weapons . 
  this and the [ traverse town song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndizdszb2gw ) are among my favourites soundtracks of any games . 
  god i miss kingdom hearts , hopefully there is a remake coming to ps3 and xbox soon , seeing as my ps2 broke . 
  heavy days :'(, 
  edit : and another [ one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_366fjo5imc ), 
  god it 's amazing how soundtracks , especially amazing ones like these can immerse you in the game and remain in your head for years on end . 
  have n't played any kingdom hearts for maybe 5 or so years , yet i still remember most of the songs flawlessly . 
  edit2 : and another [ tarzan ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdg2djgp138 ), 
  hell , i might as well link the whole games soundtrack . 
  must research adequate technology . 
  `` you do n't hear me say ... '', 
  ~ ~ wait , what 's happening on july 31st ? ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ god , please let it be a kh remake ! ~ ~, 
  edit : nevermind , kingdom hearts 3d . 
  do n't know why you are getting downvoted , that sounds pretty awesome !, 
  do n't go ... 
  why is there a dead guinea pig on a plate ? 
   all the total war games i have played , seemed very ... plane . 
  the battlefield was always a big squarish flat plain , and occasionally there were a few very small hills . 
  i think mountains would make the maps more interesting . 
  real big mountains , with climbable cliffs , slopes , and long and windy roads .
