  going up against ldlc 's ct side on overpass is a death sentence . 
  maaaaaaaaaaahhhhbbbb, 
  honestly , that took me by surprise , thought my itunes started playing by itself :d, 
  [ uzicko kolo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvevznmprke ), 
  if dat make a comeback like aimface , i 'm gon na cry . 
  i was gon na cry tears of happiness if dat made a comeback , now i 'm crying in sadness . 
  it 's alright , i purposely made it ambiguous :d, 
  dat looking good on inferno . 
  hope they can keep the momentum going !, 
  what a rollercoaster, 
  why flamie :'(, 
  hr on ct mirage, 
  i 'm crying tears of happiness, 
  just said this to the couple 's baby next to me on the train and all i got was glares . 
  what i do wrong ? 
  i love this caster , so ridiculously enthusiastic . 
  i bet on ascendancy and i must say he does look a bit shady , i 'm pretty hesitant to call hacks though . 
  please bots, 
  who is this mpkbk person ? 
  cool thanks , shame bots are down d :, 
  hmmm , 97club obviously seem to be the better team on paper . 
  but , the old guard has a picture of st. george who is my family 's patron saint . 
  so conflicted, 
  it 's a flaw with reddit , iirc . 
  in serbia , some families celebrate st. george ( among other saints ) on may 6 for their [ slava ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slava ) . 
  bots are up , my bet just went through . 
  wow , this is gon na be offtopic as all hell . 
  but i just saw your name and realised i have n't seen you in so long . 
  you were my favourite contributor in / r/askhistorians , glad to see you are a part of our sub now :d, 
  this is hopefully a good sign , that the game wo n't be like rome ii on release . 
  have you subscribed to any mods on the workshop ? 
  i think the manager only appears once you have subscribed to a mod . 
  remove butter remove butter, 
  you are worst swadia . 
  you are the swadia idiot you are the swadia smell . 
  return to calradia . 
  to our calradia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... ahahahaha , khergit we will never forgeve you . 
  horse rascal fuck but fuck asshole swadia stink khergit sqhipere shqipare . . swadia genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead swadian . . ahahahahahkhergit we will get you !!, 
  do not forget war . sarranid we kill the king , sarranid return to your precious mongolia ... hahahahaha idiot swadian and khergit smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove swadia from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  vaegir + nords + rhodok = kill swadia ... you will war / tupac alive in veluca , tupac making album of rhodok . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink swadian ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt, 
  not sure if it is racist , but calling someone a gypsy in the balkans can be pretty derogatory . 
  good job guys , really great choice by your organisation . 
  razgi is crazy man, 
  when plaz made that mental wallbang , the mod turned it off sub mode so everyone can spam vac vac vac, 
  did you just win $ 2000 on a motherfucking cs game ? 
  it just blows my mind , my biggest win was $ 30 , which was the aces game just now . 
  i 've started playing it just today , have you experimented with colonies yet ? 
  nice , i colonised the one next to eztes for myself . 
  i think i have it fully upgraded , can you do anything with the colony or can you only collect the product it produces ? 
  you know it . 
  even the pets are corrupt, 
  someone should edit this so that the horror music sound thing plays right as she turns back to him . 
  i have no idea what the fuck his point is , but i suddenly have a strong urge to go all-in on aligon, 
  damn dude , i could pay off my university debts with a graph like that . 
  aimface is changing their name back to ination . 
  tako je . 
  serbia . 
  neno is a good player , but i think ynk is a great addition to the squad . 
  it 's a bit of joke over there , i 'll see if i can dig up the explanation that was posted on this sub . 
  reddit 's search function is horrid so i was unable to find the explanation someone posted earlier . 
  if i remember correctly , they are n't actually saying allahu akbar , but they are saying something along the lines of `` ana ( ? 
  ) , i 'm going to the bar '' in russian which sounds pretty similar . 
  ^ ^ i probably butchered the explanation , hopefully someone else can come provide you with a better one . 
  you probably would 've received nothing in return for such a small bet on such a heavily favoured team . 
  pretty sure it must be a mistake . 
  or else there will be a lot of explaining to do . 
  pistols are ination 's worst nightmare . 
  ynk was like a brick wall on that b bombsite . 
  great addition !, 
  cache - atn, 
  mirage - ination, 
  those were some great/lucky retakes . 
  the balkan dude 's face is cracking me up . 
  i 've spent $ 200 on cases and the best thing i got was a $ 6 skin :d, 
  what the hell happened in mid-may 2014 ? 
  3,300 + subscribers in one day ? 
  had no idea we had so many lurkers among us . 
  can someone update score ? 
  hltv scorebot is whizzed out for me . 
  cheers . 
  please do n't choke aces !, 
  may 12th , 2014 . 
  i always bet on the wrong teams . 
  seems we have been coaxed into a snafu . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbrdiiwdlzk ), 
  [ march on the drina ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/march_on_the_drina ), 
  scary shit man , i still have nightmares well into adulthood from the stories my mother used to tell . 
  the russian anthem is pretty awesome . 
  love the casual `` return to your mother 's pussy '' . 
  this whole channel is great . 
   ** if ** it is inferno, 
  i have one and she does this all the time , i love it . 
  that was genius !, 
  this was hilarious . 
  it was especially great to recognise so many people i 've played with .
