  this elite squadron were performing a raid on a secluded volcano base . 
  some of the men from the squad pushed the guard into the volcano as he was yelling `` intuders !, 
  intruders ! '' . 
  then the commander warned his men `` now do n't fall in beacuse ( because ) you will cirtetly ( certainly ) burn and die ! '', 
  i believe i was a much [ stranger ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jp6kx.jpg ) child . 
  man these were the best , making sure to stock up on then before they get banned in aus as well . 
  she 's so ridiculously beautiful , a true serbian treasure . 
  i just find the japanese history to be one of the most interesting to study . 
  how radically different their ideas were from the rest of the world . 
  i 'll be sure to get shogun and musashi , i 've also been thinking of getting some of the books which have been mentioned in total war : shogun ii . 
  such as , the book of five rings , tales of heike ( ? ), 
  and hagakure ( ? 
  find the game or the books ? 
  game : i 've always been an avid gamer , and when it 's combined with history i just ca n't pass up the opportunity . 
  granted tw : shogun ii is n't 100 % history based it still has historical aspects . 
  books : when the game is loading , it will usually have a great quote at the bottom of the loading screen which are taken from an assortment of books . 
  what a shocking job ... 
  wondering why many of the balkan countries have their names intact . 
  also , what does sssr stand for ? 
  is it out in australia yet ? 
  ca n't wait to replay this !, 
  i hate when people complain about hd releases , most people wo n't be buying it for the hd , but just for the fact that they can play it again . 
  i have n't played any ratchet games in a couple of years due to my ps2 breaking :(, 
  your brother has great talent . 
  i 'd like to see this happen , but i do n't believe it will . 
  i mean , president obama was moderately believable , but the pope is a no go i 'm afraid . 
  if he does , i 'll eat my own hat . 
  i must be missing out on something . 
  i did notice the ~ ~ vandalised ~ ~ beautifully restored painting though ... 
  that 's right , vandalized was n't the right word by a long shot . 
  yes , i agree , but once again , i still do n't see it happening . 
  i can hope for it though : /, 
  wait , what ? 
  no way . 
  has science gone too far ? 
  works for me on iphone ? 
  wonder of it has anything to do with what update you are on , i 'm 5.1.1 for reference . 
  only thing lacking with iphone version is the ability to scroll . 
  23.05 karma/letter for apostolate ... wow, 
  god , fots looks so pretty . 
  i 'll usually let janitors know how much i appreciate them doing what they do . 
  and i 'll make small talk with the new ones . 
  i never tell them there 's a mess due to them possibly taking it the wrong way . 
  my school is filthy , so much rubbish everywhere , i constantly see new janitors because i 'm assuming the other ones quit . 
  i do my part to clean up the rubbish . 
  i put my rubbish in the bins . 
  occasionally pick up rubbish when i 'm near the bin and i 'll do a quick sweep of the area i 'm in when janitors go past . 
  i 'm all for saving the earth i guess . 
  at first glance i did n't even know it was total war . 
  i never really looked into rise of the samurai as i always assumed it was some half assed update . 
  looks pretty awesome though , i think it 's time i buy all the dlc . 
  and that 's where my cavalry deaths came from :(, 
  [ channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/josedlegaspi ), 
  this is awesome , but it feels ... ridiculously eerie . 
  i wish i had to take really long commutes by train every day . 
  just so i could play shogun 2 . 
  but no , i barely ever have any spare time ... -_-, 
  why are you so cruel to me earth !, 
  holy crap , this looks exactly like my friends brother !, 
  but he does n't have kids and lives in queensland ... good on you for trying though : /, 
  some people pay for colourizations . 
  reddit mostly does it for free . 
  and they do a damn good job at it . 
  colourizing is n't easy either ... 
  i 'm not going to sugar-coat it , but it will probably be the worst few months of your life after they pass . 
  my dog whom i had since birth passed 4 years ago . 
  i still get teary eyed whenever i see anything like this . 
  i contemplate buying another dog but it 's just not the same . 
  it feels like replacing him , people always tell me that you are n't replacing him but you are passing on your love . 
  but regardless , i ca n't bring myself to do it . 
  treat him good :(, 
  that would be greatly appreciated , thank you very much . 
  edit : holy crap , just went through your portfolio and found this [ one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/yuo2q/hi_reddit_photoshop_magicians_well_my_grandmother/c5z1tui ) . 
  that 's impressive . 
  not going to lie now , i 'm excited to see the outcome of this , 
  i can confirm that this is indeed fake . 
  it 's wrong but so right !, 
  this is absolutely heart-wrenching ... 
  shogun 2 . 
  out of a 20 unit army . 
  3 bow samurai . 
  1 light cavalry . 
  1 bow cavalry . 
  yes , ahah , i just realised how amazing bow cavalry are if you know how to use them . 
  i 've got 3 as well now . 
  the circle thing they do is ridiculously useful . 
  at first i was like `` so what , you 're shogun '' . 
  then i noticed the banner at the top and my e-peen shrunk . 
  oh my god , limited ? 
  this is amazing !, 
  much , much better than i ever hoped for . 
  my mother will be back in around 5 hours . 
  i ca n't wait to show her !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i 'm down at gold coast , would 've bought it . 
  price is too high for me :(, 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't have the money . 
  if i may ask though , how did you come across this magnificent piece ? 
  welcome to serbia !, 
  i love going all out , one time .
