  tbh , frozen dairy dessert sounds more appealing to me . 
  this would make a perfect ad . 
  dude i fucking love you, 
  you mean i 'm not alone ? 
  on an unrelated topic of my affection to you ;, 
  how long did it take you to write this article ? 
  gc here ... eh, 
  i remember this place in another picture , hnnggggg . 
  got ta find it , be back with the link . 
  edit : [ here we go !, 
  reminds me of my little sister . 
  i told her to come help me with taking the groceries out of the car . 
  and i heard her say `` just wait , i 've got to put this cunt back in his cage '' ( in reference to our bird ) . 
  my jaw dropped and yeah . 
  i asked her where she heard it from and she told me she learnt it from my little god brother . 
  god he 's a delinquent , but for some reason he seems to look up for me . 
  anyway , you seem like a good father , are there any tips you have to make your kid listen to you ? 
  do you think they will work even if she is my little sister . 
  parents do n't do much about it but i 'm sick of it . 
  i wish you could use decoys in totalwar , like , have a unit of spearmen hiding on the other side of the hill , then using a ` scout/decoy ' unit ( who run faster than any other unit besides cavalry ) you lure enemy units into the spear trap . 
  that 's what i like to think the guy in op 's picture is doing . 
  i thought people were leaving food and water just out of reach of her box to add insult to injury . 
  please god tell me you are being honest . 
  why did i even click this . 
  i mean , i would n't really care if michonne died . 
  good work figuring this out , whoosh 'd by me . 
  i just did , i thought she would 've used the zombie 's guts as a decoy to lure merle into thinking she was dead . 
  yay we contributed to something . 
  good point . 
  i agree , otomo was a strange choice . 
  i reckon they were just trying to make two clans playable in kyushu . 
  still , would 've preferred ito then . 
  i like to think of myself as a gentleman , not quite good with the eye contact yet though . 
  [ the guy second from left , looks like a twin or brother of the guy closest to the foreground . 
  man , everyone had such good moustaches and beards . 
  i wish they were still around . 
  do n't understand why it 's being downvoted so much -_-, 
  fuck , you even see the ground fall out from under him . 
  ca n't believe he survived . 
  that 'll end up being my chain of thoughts in such a situation . 
  bhutan is the place to be man . 
  my favourite . 
  iirc , katana 's were n't made for decapitation , just slicing . 
  that 's why so many apocalypse-aficionados have the katana crossed off as a melee sidearm . 
  it does seem rather unnatural , but after closer inspection it seems like the way he positioned his feet right before he jumped negated the effect of the momentum . 
  and i see nothing wrong with the right side of the gif ? 
  end thread . 
  i do n't think many other people get the connection . 
  i 'd prefer the balkans to be honest , but that 's just my nationalism coming into play . 
  damn they look young . 
  lu su , yes !, 
  next new character better be zhang bao . 
  dude i fucking love you , thank you . 
  duuudeeee , spoilers man . 
  darol sounds like a dopey name . 
  that 's just fucking disgusting , i apologize to anyone i have offended in advance . 
  amazing how many times i 've seen this place in various pictures . 
  was it significant in any way ? 
  [ for example !, 
  feels so good killing an enemy general with one of your own . 
  i wish there was an option to duel , like all your men and his men surround you and him , then they duel to the death . 
  loser 's army either retreats , or just suffers the massive morale penalty . 
  winner gets extra experience and morale boost . 
  [ works for me ] ( http://www.gamefront.com/files/service/thankyou?id=21486539 ), 
  lent skyrim to a friend , he moved to serbia . 
  just as all the dlc started hitting the market as well :'(, 
  just like my 14 year old son in shogun having a full beard . 
  ask again in 15 minutes . 
  well that 's a damn shame . 
  someone should buy it an make it look like it did in 1939 again . 
  thanks for the research . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.mediafire.com/?bbu4i5f2c65zlk3 ), 
  hopefully this link works . 
  i do n't mind one direction so much , i do n't care for them , but i do n't hate them . 
  when they ( or their stylists ) can dress them up nicely i have a bit of respect for them . 
  it 's mainly their fanbase that i dislike . 
  damn your face is familiar . 
  damn that looks like some mighty fine sushi , ca n't wait to go back to japan . 
  not implying that i 'm going anytime soon ( financial ) , but i do miss it , and the people . 
  wow , pale skinned peter actually looks relatively normal . 
  is the situation really that bad down there ? 
  fuck , get it together . 
  this is a much better substitute for front page material . 
  wading through any amount of water is pretty much a disadvantage to every army , historical to modern . 
  slower movements , louder noises . 
  just imagining that every one of those bricks were laid down by men over 700 years ago ( i think ) . 
  and that it is still standing , it 's just , amazing . 
  learnt this in primary school science , still , never fails to amaze me how the world works !, 
  it may have seemed like i was implying that i wanted to return to japan because of the sushi . 
  but in reality , the sushi reminded me of japan and reminded me how much i wanted to go back . 
  never have i seen so much blood holy shit, 
  this kills the spine . 
  wow , thank you for this . 
  i always knew about people crossing the border , but had no idea it was this ridiculous . 
  you summed it up in a few paragraph for me . 
  another question , ( if you are american ) , do americans generally feel like they are to blame for this ? 
  jealous , * person ? 
  damn , i had dandruff like this not long ago , used to spend like 15 minutes ruffling through my hair to see how much dandruff could pile up . 
  $ 1 trade for $ 400 sounds good to me,
