  that 's nonsense , nobody was born a gd member . 
  banning antidemocratic parties is not antidemocratic . 
  so it 's exactly as i said . 
  what do you mean by `` use up minutes '' ? 
  they pay for incoming calls , though . 
  is that news ? 
  i thought that the ban was announced officially several months ago . 
  it 's usually one and the same provider . 
   more than 60 % of all prisoners in czech prisons are gypsies , how is that possible , if `` the police are ordered to not take action against gypsies '' ? 
   ( giving them free welfare , free houses etc. ), 
  gypsies are not elligible to any extra welfare or housing . 
  they can get only as much as anyone else . 
   and the locals are people who live in localities affected by gypsy crime . 
  and that is where exactly ? 
  i think you live in some kind of alternate reality . 
   the police are ordered to not take action against gypsies unless it 's absolutely necessary from above , from the police command . 
  who and why would issue such a command ? 
   the locals really are desperate and no , it 's not a few isolated incidents , but a permanent terror . 
  who do you mean by `` the locals '' ? 
   here 's one from ceske budejovice . 
  what are we supposed to see there ? 
   the situation in the country is really bad , it was worsening for two decades , ignored by the state and now it errupted . 
  what do gypsies have to do with that ? 
  ne\u010das is not a gypsy . 
   locals are desperate because this kind of attacks happens very , very often . 
  stop spreading lies , it 's a few isolated incidents exagerrated by certain media . 
   czech police fears to do anything with them . 
  fears ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  what would they be afraid of ? 
  neonazis are preparing for protests against gypsies in saturday . 
  what were they supposed to do ? 
  some people are not reasonable . 
  i think it used to be pronounced differently in the past . 
  the rules are simple and it saves one keystroke , so there is no need to get rid of it . 
  generic fonts are not the problem , all major fonts have these letters , but if you want to use a fancy font it almost never has them . 
  \u017e \u0161 \u010d \u0159 \u010f \u0165 \u0148 \u016f \u011b ... 
  upvoted for admitting you were wrong . 
  why do you think they 're fusional ? 
  the examples certainly look like agglutination . 
  welcome to the 40 + club . 
  why not ? 
  are pdf filles still an issue on some systems ? 
  that we do n't understand slovak . 
  zdzis\u0142aw beksi\u0144ski made some amazing paintings . 
  it 's starting to look like muslim lobby . 
  unemployment rate = / = jobless rate, 
  now someone make a map of difficulty typing # with the national keyboard . 
  that 's not what `` controlled '' means . 
  the only dab stations i 've heard here were below 64kb and they sounded worse than they should . 
  maybe it will get better , but considering the situation in the uk it probably wo n't . 
  i do n't plan to get a dab radio any time soon . 
   dab can also cope well with multipath signals ( those happen a lot in urban areas and mountains ( but we do n't really have those in . nl ) ) . 
  so can you explain ? 
  dab + has a rather weak error correction ( dab has basically none , it relies on the codec 's error resilience instead ) , so it 's not as reliable as other digital transmissions . 
  because it 's unreliable and the sound quality is awful . 
  lw has such a small bandwith it really does n't have much other use , so there is little to gain from shutting it down . 
  dab is a total joke . 
  it 's `` edible '', 
  maybe they could be , but they are not . 
   i feel you are ignoring the distinct possibility that the weather will be controlled . 
  there is no reason to assume we will have such technology in the foreseeable future . 
  yes , if the artist is affiliated with osa , otherwise no , but they will still bother you and ask you to send a list of songs that were played . 
  i think it includes live performance . 
  same here with osa, 
  i do n't think we need such restrictive rules , i just do n't think it 's worse than what we have now . 
  it 's not as good as it could be , but such overly restrictive rules have been in effect for decades . 
  why do you think it will make things worse ? 
  lightbulbs are getting banned worldwide . 
  i do n't know what you mean by telling people what seeds they should use , if anything , the eu made registration of new varieties easier recently . 
  oh really ? 
   socio and anthropological linguistics ares social sciences/humanities . 
  they are not a natural science . 
  there are n't always clear-cut right or wrong answers . 
  insisting that you 're doing `` science '' is n't a legit excuse to be an asshole . 
  you just went full retard . 
  i guess i should go to jail for rape , i have the tool . 
  who thought that chosing two same sounding words for two different things is a good idea ? 
  why did they conclude that it was n't a prank call and the dead elk was stolen ? 
  good news , it 's cold as hell again . 
  we need more global warming . 
   not so the french . 
  they are still standing on the edge of the pool , dipping their toes in the water and wincing . 
  everyone knows that the combination of a short working week , early retirement , big pensions and excellent health benefits does not add up . 
  i actually stopped reading here . 
  horribly biased article . 
  no , it 's not her . 
  they distribute some games in some countries instead of the original distibutor . 
  which means a crippled version ( the game is often available only with a very poor traslation ) , no digital download , late patches and no dlc . 
  here is a map : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/19/map_of_sinitic_dialect_-_english_version.svg, 
   well , like i said , they 're all mandarin . 
  no , not all chinese languages are mandarin . 
  only about two thirds of chinese speak mandarin as their native language . 
  most of the south and coastal areas ( roughly from shanghai down ) speak other languages . 
   western mandarin , which , and i do n't know if it does , may actually seem much more like mongolian ( due to geographic location , that is ) . 
  mongolian is a completely different and unrelated language . 
  no , that 's not what i meant . 
  i meant they are too distinct for dialects , they are clearly different languages . 
  a large part of it is the uncritical zeal of its promoters . 
  this alone puts many people off .
