  does it apply only to taking out cash , or to payments in general ? 
  i think the sun is always there and the clouds are meant to represent actual clouds , rain and storms on the map . 
  so if it 's sunny in the south and cloudy in the north , it will show clouds covering the sun in the north , like the first image . 
   if you do n't have air-conditioning keep the windows open once it starts getting hot inside the house ( if the morning is cool keep it closed as long as you 're comfortable to preserve the cool ) . 
  you need to do the exact opposite , keep the windows open in the morning so that the house can cool down , then close them so that the heat ca n't go in . 
  it actually does work both ways . 
  it would be even worse without it . 
  keep the windows open when the outside temperature is below the room temperature and close them once it goes above it . 
  there was supposed to be a thunderstorm early next week , but the forecast has been changed to cloudy . 
  exactly , there are different grades for different climates . 
  when it 's like that for months , you have time to acclimatize and every building and vehicle has ac . 
  you do n't need more uv protection when it 's hot , the amount of uv rays hitting earth stays the same . 
  yes , the wine/beer divide goes through germany and the czech republic . 
  wikipedia does n't show it correctly , because it colors only whole countries , not regions . 
  and k, 
  1 ) most of it was lost during the 90 's , i do n't know exactly why . 
  2 ) it seems that the importance of computers was not understood and then it was too late to catch up . 
  having an id is mandatory in most of europe . 
  they can be from almost anywhere in europe , not necessarily romania . 
  to be fair india has common law , like the uk and unlike the rest of europe . 
  i 'm not sure why he thinks it 's important though . 
  how is it incomplete ? 
  \u010c and ch are usually counted as different letters , rather than forms of c in czech . 
  is it different in serbo-croatian ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i have no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  we must be looking at two different maps then . 
  i see the south slavic area as purple . 
   for instance , the [ h ] is same in croatian as in finnish no it is n't . 
   you did n't read op 's maps sidenotes , did n't you ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  tell that to south america ... 
  it 's very possible it was a paid crowd . 
  i thought it was putin who pays people for trolling on social media ? 
  when will this silliness end ? 
  the source is cdc , which does n't look like a very reliable source . 
  they among other things advise against eating bushmeat in estonia ... 
  it honestly seems to be completely made up . 
  that is n't true , forests were logged for firewood and charcoal . 
  you do n't know how much he paid . 
  it does n't mean that people are willing to pay that much . 
  some landlords are just crazy . 
  there is a historical connection actually . 
  the yellow on the map would extend across much of asia all the way to north india and there are influences between the languages as well and the languages themselves are related when you look far back enough . 
  how exactly different ? 
  you gave a list of foreign cuisines to prove there is good food available , i guess that says a lot . 
  bacon ? 
  i think that zeman possibly has dementia and mostly says what others tell him to say . 
  most people probably voted him for who he was as a social democrat , not the embarassment he is today . 
  he was famous for his drinking , but i do n't remember him having racist opinions or using outright foul language . 
  all stops ? 
  here it 's limited to rarely used stops where it 's not worth stopping every time . 
  they are all standing to not face the wind , i think . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's definitely a bit of both . 
  winters are something like 1-2 \u00b0 c warmer now . 
  the dams are so big they ca n't cool down quickly enough . 
  `` old babylonian '' is acutally among the later periods in ancient mesopotamia . 
  are you sure it 's the same view ? 
  i could find only one building that seems to be the same and the mountains and the river do n't seem to match . 
  it 's a clay tablet , not stone . 
  thanks , that surely clears things up for us non-italians . 
  well , you are n't hungary , are you ? 
  to i mean without the microstates like andorra . 
  it does n't even make sense in some cases , vatican is in rome , you can never be closer to vatican than you are to rome . 
  i would like to see the map of europe without the tiny states . 
  it 's the same with basic income , the only difference is in the accounting . 
  it 's basically the same thing . 
   i mean , if you have the option of either begging on the streets in romania or begging on the streets of finland for 5 years and you 'll be guaranteed 800 euros per month for the rest of your life , you 'll rather beg on the streets of finland . 
  you need to live and work in finland for the required time period : http://www.migri.fi/finnish_citizenship/applying_for_citizenship/requirements/means_of_support, 
  as i understand it , apple got a contract from the irish governemnt that the government wo n't collect taxes from them . 
  which is against the law . 
  that has nothing to do with bark beetle though . 
  the trees got infected because they are dying and do n't produce much resin anymore . 
  it 's nothing abnormal for spruces to die this way and the risk of spreading to healthy trees is minimal . 
  it 's just an excuse for loging . 
  that does n't mean they 're dying . 
  the trees are likely doomed either way . 
  beetles do n't infect healthy trees , they would suffocate in the resin . 
  the beetles are there because the trees are already half dead . 
  they do n't work . 
  pretty much the only thing that can deal with it is reverse osmosis . 
  no , that would be `` jednodech\u00fd '' , but that 's not a word . 
  i think he meant slot machines . 
  it may actually make sense to start somewhere with little competition . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there have been sites spreading lies about what laws were passed and so on . 
  these definitely need to be countered . 
   the reasons appear to include ` bad influence on other prisoners ' , with this based on him encouraging them to read . 
  only cancer that can restore telomeres is dangerous . 
  that deos n't mean that telomeres = cancer . 
  then he probably knows something about longevity . 
  eggs seem to be high in selenium and raw eggs contain a protein that prevents the absorption of biotin . 
  that 's about the only things that seem noteworthy . 
  it may have nothing to do with her longevity . 
  i would take any tests that try to promote specific drugs with a grain of salt . 
  between 5-12 , or so your brain loses the ability to rewire and regenerate . 
  that wo n't hurt you directly , but the ability to recover from brain damage is greatly reduced . 
  this is probably necessary for the brain to mature . 
  by puberty , your thymus atrophies .
