  little care was taken with defining it 's phonology : * the words are chosen in a haphazard way with no rules whatsoever . 
  no allophones , contractions , elisions , sandhi or other rules that would make it conform to a consistent set of rules are defined . 
  this may result in complex consonant clusters or long chains of vowels and makes it sound unnatural and difficult to speak . 
  ( even leaders of esperanto promoting organizations do n't really sound fluent . ), 
  * no effort was made to ensure that the words sound sufficiently distinct . 
  intonation is not defined . 
  this could lead to serious misunderstandings . 
  it promotes bad learning methods . 
  esperanto is relatively easy to learn mechanically , which is generally the worst way of learning a language that rarely leads to fluency . 
  ( this could be another reason why nobody seems to speak it fluently ) 4 \\ . 
  it has no advantages over natural languages : * if it becomes widely spoken , it will inevitably gain lots of naive speakers and it wo n't be a neutral choice any more . 
  * it will start changing as soon as it becomes widely used and it will acquire all the quirks of a natural language , so it wo n't stay easier than other languages for very long . 
  chinese `` dialects '' are no less natural languages than european languages . 
  i bet it 's cenega again , like with skyrim and rage on steam . 
  i do n't understand why the developers let them leech on their games . 
  ship is lo\u010f , plavidlo is rather fromal , something like vozidlo ( vehicle ) , but on water . 
  they invented curry powder . 
  i ca n't even imagine so much rain . 
  it 's amost a whole year of rain in a few days . 
  405mm in four days ? 
  that 's unfathomable . 
  and it 's still raining ... 
  temperatures below 20 \u00b0 c start feeling cold , especially if it 's not sunny . 
  it 's not something that would make me want to stay inside , but i ca n't imagine enjoying such weather . 
  30 \u00b0 c + -5 \u00b0 is the best weather . 
  i think it has more to do with increasing minimum wages in china than lowering wages in mexico . 
  germany has minimum wages , they are just not declared by the state , but negotiated by trade unions . 
  china has minimum wages . 
  why would you not wish that ? 
  some countries even count only those who register as unemployed . 
  yes . 
  high humidity prevents sweat from evaporating , so the weather feels warmer . 
  it 's the humidity , i think . 
  for the lazy : http://www.likecroatia.hr/news-tips/how-to-be-croatian-in-eight-easy-steps-step-two/ http://www.likecroatia.hr/news-tips/how-to-be-croatian-in-eight-easy-steps-steps-three-and-four/ http://www.likecroatia.hr/news-tips/how-to-be-croatian-in-eight-easy-steps-steps-six-and-seven/ http://www.likecroatia.hr/news-tips/how-to-be-croatian-in-eight-easy-steps-step-eight/, 
  yes , you have . 
  yes , we have . 
  g4 networks as well as dvb-t2 etc. 
  are as close as you can get . 
  i 'm sure he 's exaggerating . 
  summer temperatures go regularly above 30 \u00b0 c here ( actually , meteorological summer is defined as temperatures going above 25 \u00b0 ) , denmark ca n't be that much colder . 
  yes , both turbo codes and ldpc codes are very close to the limit . 
   surely that is exactly what each new wireless standard is doing ? 
  better encoding schemes and transmission methods improve on what we already have . 
  there is a limit to how much information you can pack into a given channel . 
  do you realize that a phone call needs just around 16kb/s ? 
   so , a higher peak load means that we either need a standard that can squeeze higher transfer rates within the available frequency spectrum , that is not going to happen . 
  it 's not physically possible to pack more data into the same bandwidth . 
  i misread it as `` bear '' and it made much more sense . 
  as a european , i do n't get it . 
  it 's just an awful marketing campaign . 
  i think he 's partially right . 
  i do n't think that eatern europeans speak better english on average , but their skills tend to be more balanced . 
  you will rarely find someone who is obviously fluent in english , but unable to pronounce it in a comprehensible way . 
  i believe it 's indeed paris . 
  what comment ? 
  that is not true . 
  https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/15245131/2013.pdf it seems to be heavy cherry picked , mostly citing irrelevant political parties and minor hate groups . 
  i think you should have explained your point more clearly then . 
  it seemed you claim that welfare systems are being exploited . 
  i still do n't believe that welfare systems are being exploited . 
  it will take some time to read all this , but it seems to happen mainly on the opposite side , that is people avoiding payments , rather than fraudulently claiming benefits . 
   you still did n't say : what 's your point ? 
  you accuse me of lying ... where 's my lie ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you 're saying then . 
  i thought you claim that abuse of welfare is widespread . 
  are you really sure you 're not a spanner ? 
  spanners are tools . 
   the fact that people are capable of abusing it proves my point ( full of holes ) . 
  you wo n't make it more true by repeating it . 
  show me some data . 
   my point being : why the panic about romanians and bulgarians , i 'd say this proves about half my point . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it 's not the number of people who abuse the system , it 's the number of people who legitimely claim benefits . 
   again , my point ... why the panic . 
  no , it actually shows that the system is not being abused . 
  it 's hilarious that you want citations from your opponents , but you have n't bothered to cite a single source . 
   and it might surprise you , but there are some people , getting fewer by the day , that actually think independently . 
  so in other words you admit you 're making it up . 
   that the european welfare systems are full of holes ? 
  this is no myth . 
  yes . 
  abuse is much rarer than most people think . 
  cite your sources if you want to claim otherwise . 
   and how is your link not in support of what i 'm saying ? 
  i think you should read it again then . 
   you 're talking out of your ass as long as you do n't quote real data . 
  that does n't apply to you of course . 
  cite your sources or stop lying . 
  stop spreading myths . 
  it 's true . 
  ghandi was an asshole . 
  i heard he even tried to kill gandhi . 
  i think you wanted to post it somewhere else . 
  it could be a good neutral choice . 
  people from the west would have a bonus for learning vocabulary , people from the east would have a bonus for learning grammar . 
  i was commenting on this article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grin_report how would you prevent scenario 3 from changing into scenario 1 , just with esperanto instead of english ? 
  if esperanto becomes widespread , it will inevitably become some people 's native language . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  i do n't understand why you have to see a conspiracy everywhere . 
  using english in this situation is nothing really odd .
