  ( especially when it allows for a pun ), 
  most people speak english . 
  scenario 3 is not stable either . 
  how would you want to prevent it from collapsing into scenario 1 , only with esperanto instead of english ? 
  the kind of research that has to be done is not directly related to gm crops . 
  research is being done . 
   do n't you have a similar categories in czech rep ? 
  yes , but people in cities vote right wing parties and people in rural areas vote centre left or communists . 
  i have no idea what you 're responding to . 
  no , we do n't understand genetics nearly well enough . 
  edit : explain your downvotes please . 
  we are nowhere near creating something like that in a lab . 
   which contrasts in most countries where the poor and rural vote for the conservative candidate . 
  do you have any source for that ? 
  it has nothing to do with gm crops . 
  i 'm afraid that nobody 's going understand what it 's about from the crappy translation . 
  that has more to do with the major right wing parties discrediting themselves , than with our distant past . 
  certainly , but since we are both in the eu , it would be rather pointless . 
  there is no border between the countries , both countries accept both languages and we even have tv shows broatcast simultaneously in both countries . 
  i do n't see what we could get from reunification . 
  transylvania is in romania , not bulgaria . 
  http://www.mdbg.net/chindict/chindict.php if you click on the word , it will show you the meaning of each character . 
  no , most of those names are phonetic , they just have to pick some characters , because chinese has no way of transcribing names and words phonetically . 
  bears and wolves wo n't eat the vaccine ? 
  the uk has been rabies free for more than a century . 
  how is it relevant ? 
  it was eradicated througs mass vaccinations of wild animals . 
  those countries just do n't care . 
  that would not necessarily mean that all the ingredients/parts are made in france . 
  the point is that people with low or no income are much better off , as the result businesses are more profitable , so even mid to high income people are better off , unemployment is no longer a problem and there is no poverty trap . 
  no , not really . 
  since everyone gets the money , you can increase the taxes accordingly , so that people pay on average roughly the same taxes as before the change . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's not more difficult to set up than welfare , in fact , it would be probably much easier , since the costs are more predictable and you do n't need to determine who is eligible . 
  i do n't think they do and it would still be better to get at least some money than keeping an empty house . 
  afaik , that 's what european countries do as well , czech statistics even count only people who officially registered as unemployed . 
  i did n't mean lower wages , i meant why the homeowners wo n't lower the rents if they ca n't fill the homes ? 
  anyone can explain why they do n't lower the rents in spain ? 
  lower income is better than no income . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  twenty reasons why we need basic income . 
  it 's indeed not sustainable , there has been a huge increase in personal defaults and people unable to pay the bills . 
  market ca n't determine it at all . 
   while on one hand consumer demand drives business , it is saving and investment that drives development , so a sweet spot must be found . 
  indeed , that 's why i 'm advocating a limit on inequality . 
  the problem is there is no demand for more jobs , because many people who could afford to buy more have everything they want and many people who woant to buy more ca n't afford it . 
  i think that the solution could be a progressive tax system with negative tax , set up so that noone can get below 60 % median income or 900 % above median income . 
  it would increase the demand for work , elliminate poverty and there would be no need for welfare . 
  we do n't lack the technology to create goods , we lack a system of distribution of those goods . 
  exchange rate falls --  imported goods cost more . 
  gandhisex is a troll . 
  our has \u011b\u0161\u010d\u0159\u017e\u00fd\u00e1\u00ed\u00e9 instead of 234567890 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:keyboard_layout_czech.svg, 
  seriously , what are you talking about ? 
  keyboard layout has nothing to do with what is printed on the keyboard . 
  stop making things up . 
  it does n't do anything . 
  probably polish . 
  czech qwertz is very similar , but you have to use shift to type numbers , because the keys are used for letters with diacritics . 
   they consume different things . 
  like luxury travel destinations . 
  status symbols like birkin bags ^ i 'm not sure what you 're arguing with . 
   i do n't however foresee any break in its behaviour like you are proposing . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i wonder why they do n't use these ? 
  of course , but do n't forget the law of diminishing returns . 
  we can now produce almost anything in any quantity . 
  you ca n't find people who want to buy more things as easily as in the 19 . century . 
  most people from the upper middle class and richer can already afford more or less anything they want , so you ca n't sell them any more goods . 
  this causes bad allocation of money - because rich people no longer consume the excess productivity , demand for labor drops , which means that the lower classes are not getting richer like they did during the industrial revolution , so they ca n't buy more goods either . 
  some form of intervention will be necessary to solve this problem . 
   intellectual property protections , ... that 's exactly what i said . 
   in fact , we 're going to push for freer trade with many parts of the world  by concentrating on high-value products and services . 
  high technology , software , advanced manufacturing , r&d , do you realize that these industries are highly profitable mainly because of market restrictions that prevent others from competing with them ? 
  what are you tlaking about ? 
  if the machines needed more human capital than the labor they replace , they would be more expensive than the labor they replace . 
  [ basic income ] ( http://basicincome.org/bien/ ), 
  it seems you speak english . 
  do you think the `` languages '' are more different than american and english english ? 
  what about scottish and english english ? 
  or even glasgow and edinburgh ? 
  that does n't make it not a single language . 
  i must be the only peron who thinks it 's the nicest sounding germanic language ... 
  literally `` i-have in pocket pencils '', 
  it 's done here too . 
  they call it `` tenderized '' . 
  ( k\u0159eh\u010den\u00e9 ) it should be banned . 
  my impression is that they already have a sponsor who agreed to pay for it if they can gather enough support . 
  safest european ** capital ** . 
  large cities tend to have higher crime rates than rural areas . 
  the law , in its majestic equality , forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges ... 
  crack is very uncommon in europe , i think . 
  i guess prague or helsinki . 
  i welcome this change . 
  i do n't particularly like zeman , but almost anyone would be better than klaus . 
  no , the most important thing is that everyone is required by law to accept it . 
  why would they need immigrants when they have a massive unemployment problem ? 
   monday 1 april 2013, 
  is it because of the tv series ? 
  it 's in fact not that obvious . 
  the name is pronounced `` horv\u00e1t '' in czech , while a croatian man is `` chorvat '' .
