  ( czech ch sounds like croatian h ) czech h is a throat sound that corresponds to g in most other slavic languages ( including croatian , i think ) , so this corresponcence is somewhat unexpected . 
   horvat/horvath -  croat that honestly surprised me . 
  yes czech and slovak could be easily dialects of one language and serbian and croatian are even closer , barely as the bohemian and moravian dialects , afaik . 
  it 's ridiculous that they list serbian and croatian as two different languages . 
  blogspam original article . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.itchyfeetcomic.com/2013/03/welcome-overstayed.html ), 
  that 's nothing . 
  they banned the czech word `` marmel\u00e1da '' because it sounds too similar to english `` marmalade '' . 
  why would anyone chose such a pointless death . 
  did n't he know that nobody notices self immolations any more ? 
  ( of course , if you 're name is plamen , it 's the only reasonable way to end your life . ), 
  that has already happened . 
  now the law applies to products tested in different countries as well . 
  how the fuck is that a form of saving ? 
   the $ 2500 spent on spare parts means somebody is working to produce them . 
  of course they do , that 's what i was trying to show with the example . 
   hence they can not work on making consumer goods . 
  obviously . 
  so , do you agree with me , or do you think it somehow disproves what i said ? 
  i 'm no longer even sure what you are arguing with . 
  i 'm sorry , but what you claim really makes no sense . 
  it seems to me that you are using some absurd definition of `` producing consumer goods '' . 
  a factory produces goods . 
  let 's say it produces and sells 4000 things $ 10 each , that is $ 40000 total . 
  $ 10000 goes to raw materials and electricity , 10x $ 1000 goes to workers who produce the goods , $ 3000 goes to the guy who takes care of the machines , $ 5000 goes to the manager , $ 2500 goes to spare parts for machines and replacement of worn out tools $ 2000 goes to cleaning , maintenance of the building and other such costs and the remaining $ 4500 is profit . 
  now tell me why should anyone 's savings influence how much money is spent on tools and maintenance ? 
   do you think the only alternative to demand-side intervention is laissez faire and never heard of supply-side interventions ? 
  did you know that `` supply side economics '' was invented in the us during reagan ? 
  it 's an ideology , it was never based on a solid economic theory . 
   assuming a model of no unemployment , 10 % savings means 90 people making consumer goods and 10 making tools why ? 
  i do n't see any reason why it should be the case . 
   ( they are paid from the income of the 90 consumer good makers , they save 10 % of it , got that ? ), 
  what ? 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say here . 
   the less demand for consumer goods means the more people employed in tools i.e. 
  making the consumer good makers more efficient because we assumed full employment so savings automatically mean moving workers from consumer goods to tools . 
  why do you think so ? 
  you keep asserting things without giving any justification for your beliefs . 
   so in our model there literally can not be such a thing as low demand for both , or in other words demand does not matter , people will just make consumer goods , make tools , and will just barter or drop their price or whatever until all is used . 
  why should people keep producing goods if they ca n't sell them profitably ? 
   no tools because the toolmakers are paid from savings you still have n't explained why you think so . 
   consider near full employment and no savings . 
  it means you work , earn $ 100 , and then buy $ 100 consumer goods . 
  if everybody does this , it means everybody works on making consumer goods and the machines go without maintenance . 
  because if you want to pay 1 person to maintain the machine or pay a better one , it means 10 consumer goods making workers must earn $ 100 but spend only $ 90 on consumption and save and invest $ 10 to pay the other dude . 
  i ca n't even comprehend how you could get to such an absurd condition . 
  why should producers of consumer goods let their machines go without maintenance ? 
  what you write makes absolutely no sense . 
   logical you keep using this word . 
  i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
   vulgar keynesianism detected !, 
  think harder . 
  that is a funny insult , considering that you advocate ** economic intervention ** to encourage savings . 
   if everybody would be making consumer goods , who would make the better tools ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  where did i say that everybody should be making consumer goods ? 
  consumers demand consumer goods , those who produce consumer goods demand tools they need for producing those goods , so lower demand for consumer goods also means lower demand for tools . 
   this means those people must be paid from savings . 
  what people ? 
  people who produce better tools are paid by those who need better tools . 
  who will produce goods if there is nobody to sell them to ? 
  who will produce tools if there is nobody to sell them to ? 
   of course i can tell them how to use it because i am the customer what ?? 
  start making sense . 
   partially it is taking time and finishing a university in 8 years that could be done in 4 because partyyyyy if you are more than one year overdue , you have to pay . 
   partially it is avoiding the hard but on the job market wanted degrees in favor of the easy ones that have little to do with jobs i.e. 
  much of humanities . 
  humanities are as important as technical degrees . 
   but who and how can decide just how many art history students are enough without a market for it ? 
  why would you have to decide that ? 
  let the people choose what they want to study . 
   treating the university as a something serving personal interest or hobby ( which could be done in a public library or online ) instead of a preparation for a realistic career is in a way parasitic on society nonsense . 
  people whose specialization is their hobby tend to be much better in it than those who pursue it just because the jobs pay well . 
   people should be responsible for their hobbies and interests themselves , education should be geared towards what people will actually do . 
  why would you want to dictate what should people study ? 
   healthcare is more complex . 
  the best way to exploit is to get disability for every minor thing . 
  we in hungary managed to put 8 % of the population on disability at one point . 
  800k disabled out of 10m . 
  it was basically seen as a way to retire . 
  opps , can not find a job and 10 years to pension ? 
  this good friend doctor will just put you on disability . 
  for a price of course . 
  that has nothing to do with free healthcare . 
   japan is my go-to example of clever economic intervention . 
  by regulating apartment sizes to be small , they curbed consumerism ( no room for buying too much stuff ) and this led to a lot of savings . 
  they were clever to guide those savings into local banks investing into the local economy . 
  that is smart . 
  no , it 's not smart . 
  it means nobody 's buying too much , which is why they have two decades of economic stagnation . 
  how do you take out more healthcare or education than you need ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  you ca n't put in less than you should either , unless you evade taxes . 
  actually , it seemed that he had no idea what he was talking about most of the time . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  it 's a different map with several mistakes corrected . 
  are n't storms in the mediterranean common in this part of year ? 
  stop lying please . 
   do you mean why is more volatility bad ? 
  no , i do n't .
