it 's perfectly fine for almost anything you can do on the internet . 
  adsl works over a landline , so of course you need to have a landline if you want adsl . 
   they 're useful in emergencies . 
  how ? 
  currently not , why ? 
  it was n't killed prey brought by a cat and the nests were in place that cats or anything else except another bird could n't possibly reach . 
  really do n't blame the cats , it 's probably some pesticide what is killing the birds . 
  do n't blame the cats . 
  something has been poisoning birds for years , cats do n't leave bloated bird bodies lying around . 
  if you need to sacrifice someone , why not neo-nazis ? 
   ( it seems to be the main ukrainian language subreddit , do n't speak a word , used google translate to make sense of it ) take in mind that google translate does n't work very well for languages that are not very similar to english . 
  it 's not uncommon that it translates it completely wrong or even the opposite of what it 's actually saying . 
   interesting . 
  how do you know \u201e - ej '' is a gramatical ending ( and what sort of gramatical ending ) ? 
  and the word for greek language is \u0410\u043b\u044b\u0434\u0436\u044b\u0431\u0437\u044d . 
   sounds plausible , but i 'll need a bit more evidence to update the map tbh . 
  i did n't mean you should update it . 
  what is that blue spot in the cuacasus ? 
  google found zero results for `` alyd\u017eej '' . 
  edit : it seems it 's transcribed kabardian . 
  it also seems that the `` ej '' is just a grammatical ending , so it could easily come from `` ellada '' or similar . 
  you missed the best part . 
  when you scroll a few km southwest , you can see a small patch of india in bangladesh in india in bangladesh . 
  i guess that 's why your economy is shit for the average person . 
  i think you should instead divide it by the percentage of population living in cities . 
  there there is a link for that above the post . 
  europe comments related ** other discussions ( 2 ) **, 
  because the grades go the other way , h would suggest it 's worse than g. 
  the us 's ihdi is 0.755 , in case you wanted to know . 
  yes , we too have stories that focus on britons drinking irresponsibly . 
  not really , they come to drink here . 
  most of europe is way below replacement rate . 
  i guess it 's hard to get there because nobody lives there . 
  cities are always denser than whole regions . 
  paris is almost twice as dense . 
  no , their hybrid offspring overpowered both ancestral populations . 
  the obvious conclusion is that race mixing is good . 
  so serial rapists commit more sexual attacks than the average person ? 
  you should get a nobel prize . 
  why ? 
  i does n't care if it hits either . 
   the czech representative was in strassbourg altogether . 
  what does it mean ? 
  seriously , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  you you mind that people use their property as they want ? 
  what ? 
  what prevents them from renting out or selling those apartments ? 
  it was robbery , not theft . 
  robbery is a much more serious crime , you wo n't get away with just a fine . 
   there 's also the matter of the shot that 's in his fucking forehead . 
  and he was 6 ' 4 '' which i do n't know the metric conversion but it 's pretty damn tall . 
  the url suggests north england , though . 
   indian summer ( a period of abnormally warm weather in the autumn ) bab\u00ed l\u00e9to ( old womans summer )  milky way ( our galaxy ) ml\u00e9\u010dn\u00e1 dr\u00e1ha . 
  ( same meaning )  the sunshower ( when it 's raining and sun shines simultaneously ) i do n't know any expression for that . 
  also `` zmrzl\u00ed / ledov\u00ed mu\u017ei '' ( frozen/ice men ) - a period of abnormally low temperatures in spring, 
  and ariane ? 
  why did you spell kol\u00e1\u010de as kolache ? 
  i believe he 's actually half czech , quarter korean and quarter japanese . 
  it 's not your colorblindnes , the map is all green ( except moldova , which is yellow , and ukraine and parts of the balcans , which are yellowish ) and the numbers are green as well . 
  why `` czecho - silesia '' ? 
  silesia partially lies in the czech republic as it is now , i do n't see any reason for renaming it . 
  two that are not computer voices : http://cs.forvo.com/word/backpfeifengesicht/#de, 
   czech is one of the richest languages in verbs . 
  until you compare it with some caucasian and native american languages ... 
  who is `` we '' here ? 
  who cares that some rich folks agree to set up a court where they want to try countries ? 
  its decisions will have no relevance unless its existence is recognized through official ways . 
  again , perfect is not perfective , they are two unrelated things that happen to have similar names . 
   so , as it stands , i doubt that simply ignoring this element is an option . 
  why not ? 
  can you give me a few examples of the perfective aspect in romance langauges ? 
  and they still have the past and the pluperfect , do n't they ? 
   to add to your list , a key element being the one of `` investor protection '' which makes sense to look into . 
  what would prevent countries from simply ignoring these self appointed courts ? 
  because it among other things expect europe to lower its safety standards , so that american crap can be legally sold here . 
  it 's you who are mistaken here . 
  perfect = / = perfective . 
  the names are similar , but they are two completely different things . 
  perfective aspect indicates that the action is in some way complete , it has no relation to perfect tense . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  do n't most romance languages have pluperfect tense ? 
  that is not an aspect . 
  i think they are in most european languages . 
  i think that he meant the exact opposite of what you think he meant . 
  he meant that most muslim children stop being muslims just like christian kids stop being christians when they grow up . 
   ground up bell pepper would probably taste like nothing , since the fresh version does n't taste like much other than crunch either . 
  have you ever tried to cook it ? 
  afaik , `` bell pepper '' refers to fresh ones , `` paprika '' to the powder . 
  ca n't get the ratios right ? 
  the ingredients list looks like something that was made up by someone who wanted to get rid of leftover spices . 
  are n't fats empty calories as well ? 
  exercise has little to do with that . 
  but something has to cause it , do n't you think ? 
  or you think that people suddenly chose to start overeating for no reson ? 
   it 's conservative in a way we do n't have classic western-european left because people still associate them with communists . 
  i do n't think it 's a sufficient explanation . 
  our biggest left party even call themselves communist and they still got three seats . 
   poverty is clearly a factor ( look at the differences between east and west germany ) but hardly a strong one . 
  compare portugal and the czech republic . 
  that ca n't be the reason .
