more self-deprecating than the british !, 
  o la la, 
  hahaha i did my erasmus there . 
  i had a great time but you 're right , i could n't imagine going out of my way to visit there as a tourist . 
  did you know it 's a unesco city of design ? 
  alongside montreal and seoul ?!, 
  i was there when les verts won the football - never seen such a crazy football crowd !, 
  when they won town was nuts , fire breathers , people setting off flares ... 
  went on for two days straight !, 
  that 's interesting !, 
  i always liked how there was a separate flag for the independence movement in catalonia . 
  during the referendum in scotland our flag became quite politicised . 
  a lot of people were timid about flying the saltire incase someone thought they were a rabid nationalist or something . 
  perhaps this is a mundane question and a little off topic , but if catalonia did become a fully independent country , would they use the blue estelada flag or just the ordinary striped one ? 
  that all sounds reasonable to me , but just to say i was using the expression region in a more generic way , i.e. 
  ` europe ' is a region , or ` england ' is a region - did n't realise the term was so controversial in spain however so thanks for the heads up . 
  one problem spain has is that so many regional cultures were suppressed by franco - catalan was banned in schools , galician is a language that has become all but extinct and so on , in a brutal attempt to create a unified nationalism . 
  i believe all this has done is create a stronger backlash once franco died . 
  from the outside we may look at spain and think it is one united country , but i 'd say it is much more diverse in terms of regional identity , history and culture than even places like the uk , the apparent ` country of countries ' . 
   when scotland joined england to create britain it was a political union and not an annexation and the option to leave was given to scotland as part of the deal . 
  i think you 're maybe getting confused with the good friday agreement , which states that ni can become part of the republic of ireland at any time in the future if it desires to by popular vote . 
  i do n't believe any such arrangement was made with scotland . 
  spain has denied catalonia a referendum on the basis that it is unconstitutional , and as the uk has no written constitution there was really no reason to reject a referendum . 
  if this was to happen in the eurozone would it be done by using something like the barnett formula ? 
  or is that too simplified ? 
  given that barnett works by funding via comparative percentage from just one government ( westminster ) to three others ( scottish/welsh/n . irish ) . 
  if you mind my asking , what exactly would a transfer union entail ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the term . 
  haha , it 's probably more a romantic notion to do with the ` auld alliance ' than anything else !, 
  this purely based on personal experience so take it as you will , but i 'm told the scots can learn french ( and spanish ) more easily because they can roll their ` r 's . 
  i think some of the worst culprits are the ones people think they know for certain as opposed to the ones which they ca n't even begin ... like ` dumfries ' , which is pronounced dum-frees . 
  many americans especially will ask for directions to ` dumb fries ' . 
  also down that neck of the woods is kirkcudbright , pronounced ` kerr-coo-bray ' . 
  then of course edinburgh ( ed-in-bra ) gets everything from edinborough , to edenberg , to edinborg ... 
  [ scotland . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/o0004 ) was going to do one for the whole uk , but i thought a lot of interesting stuff has happened in scotland on its own and was worth a standalone . 
  to be honest i feel that , in general , successive uk governments have looked at the eu from a perspective of ` british exceptionalism ' - ie we 'll participate when it 's beneficial , but we do n't want to be held back otherwise . 
  in theory the eu is about solidarity - member states helping each other in times of need as they would their own citizens - and whether that happens in practice is a bit ... uncertain , but that 's a problem more to do with the current limbo the eu has found itself in . 
  the problems the uk has with the eu will never come to an end unless our attitude towards its function fundamentally changes , or we leave . 
  [ first colour photograph was taken by james clerk maxwell in 1861 !, 
  ] ( http://photography.nationalgeographic.com/wallpaper/photography/photos/milestones-photography/color-tartan-ribbon/ ), 
  keeping in mind too that all money generated in the uk does n't stay in it 's constituent nations - it 's pooled together and divvied back out via the barnett formula . 
  this is what the snp were harping on about , saying that they did n't have control over the oil money and instead it went into further investment into london etc. 
  this is changing ever so slightly with income tax powers being devolved , but anyway . 
  of course i have no qualms with putting investment/resources into areas that need it as opposed to just the ones closest to me ( which in general is the benefit of the uk and eu to an extent ) , it 's more a matter of who decides where that money would be best put to use . 
  i do n't like how most big infrastructure developments these days seem to always be about getting better links to and from london , and the likes of boris johnson [ always arguing for more and more investment into the capital . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjfborwgiqc ) though granted he is mayor ... 
  to be fair to it , it looks better in good weather . 
  my theory is that because the architect was from barcelona and so used to seeing his buildings in brilliant sunshine , he was n't prepared for how it might look in relentless rain and fog !, 
  the problem is that because england is 80 % of the uk 's population , very few issues are actually england only . 
  an english parliament would hold sway over a vast majority of the budget , and it would completely gut out westminster to only dealing with foreign affairs and military . 
  it gets said a lot but regional assemblies , covering populations similar in size to scotland and wales ( between 5-3 million people ) would be better , and would also mean more local voices would get a chance to be heard at westminster . 
  but again it seems like another level of bureaucracy to most people to have something like 10 regional parliaments in the uk . 
  i mean you can definitely do it in english to create a question , too , it 's just that it 's normally used exclusively to convey incredulity over something . 
  to continue with the cheese analogy , by saying ` you like * cheese ? 
  * ' instead of ` do you like cheese ? ', 
  implies that you ca n't believe someone could possibly like cheese . 
  i think it 's maybe why anglophones find germans or french quite direct when speaking english sometimes - they just translate what they would say directly , which is 100 % correct , but has a more nuanced implication than in those two languages . 
  yeah , from a purely aesthetic viewpoint , orwell was a better writer than huxley - at least between these two books . 
  both books in different ways are products of their times . 
  orwell devoted most of his life to combating totalitarianism and authoritarianism , particularly the ussr , which is what most of his most well-known writing is concerned with ( animal farm , homage to catalonia etc ) . 
  at that time in europe the ideas of fascism and eugenics ( as well as some of the stuff like sleep-learning in bnw ) were much more prevalent in political discourse , and authoritarian regimes were appearing all over the continent . 
  that sort of thing is unthinkable to us now , but it was very real possibility ( and did happen ! ), 
  in the 1930-1940s . 
  huxley is more relevant now because neoliberalism dictates that we are all selfish individuals who wish to ` maximise pleasure , minimise pain ' -- which is the basis for how the people are controlled in bnw . 
  that 's what it 's like in french . 
  by raising inflection at the end of a sentence a statement like ` you like cheese ' turns into ` you like * cheese ? 
  yeah that 's the thing , inside it you would n't really be aware of being unhappy , and it would be next to impossible for you to know . 
  it 's also an interesting question about free will/liberty - do people want free will ( if it exists ) or to simply be happy at any cost ? 
   would n't complain about migration while enjoying the benefits sorry i do n't know what you mean here , do you mean by virtue of taking in less migrants they benefit more or ... ? 
  considerably less , i think . 
  [ this article is useful in explaining the nuance of it . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-25910947 )  `` in scotland they are more likely to say immigration is good for scotland , which is the reverse of the rest of britain , and it seems to be a somewhat less important issue on the agenda for people in scotland ... 
  it could be said that scots do not seem to be `` pro '' immigration but they do appear to less `` anti '' . 
  so basically the article highlights something a lot of people miss . 
  whilst you could n't say scots are pro immigration , they do n't perceive it to be as pressing an issue as others do in other parts of the uk . 
  so you have people arguing that scots are n't more pro-immigration than say , people in england , which is true - however what is often overlooked is that this does n't mean they 're as strongly against it , either . 
  the snp would argue it 's good thing because scotland has a declining population and has a lower number of citizens born overseas to begin with ( 7 % against the uk average of 14 % ) . 
  i have n't heard that myself , but it 's possible . 
  it might be an issue that people perceive greater or lesser immigration in their area depending on the integration of the migrants . 
   another personal favourite , which i think every human should read , is 1984 . 
  every teenager needs to read this to be aware of the dangers of blindly following a political cause . 
  i would add brave new world to read with this - 1984 is definitely better written ( i was absolutely devastated by the end of it ) but brave new world has a much more ambiguous concept to it ; it 's not quite so objectively ` good vs bad ' . 
  the fact that some people read it and do n't see anything wrong with the world in bnw is frightening in itself . 
   the growth of the disconnect , imo , is the referendums doing . 
  i would n't say it is , people simply became more vocal about their support . 
  in the same way anti-eu sentiment has become more vocal since the promise of an eu referendum . 
  keeping in mind as well that the snp have been a ` mainstream ' governing party for longer than ukip have had large public attention . 
   there 's a lot of ` yes ' voters who know that the easiest way to get a second referendum is for scotland to vote to stay in , and then england to vote out . 
  with the ` out ' side winning . 
  well , yes , i would n't deny that . 
  but i would n't say it 's something being conjured up by the snp alone . 
  in the same way their support for the monarchy is n't conjured up - the snp are famously populist and play to what people already think often , whether that 's a good thing or not . 
  when they came into power in 2007 , the first thing they did was to remove bridge tolls on the forth bridge and bring in free prescriptions - policies that already had wide public support . 
  nonsense . 
  yes the snp cheered the eu , in the same way they cheered the monarchy and so forth , but it 's not true that the referendum was solely the only factor that caused a fracture . 
  the main issue that has skewered perceptions in scotland is largely to do with immigration . 
  we have not had nearly the same amount of it as the rest of the uk , particularly the south east of england , and this is the crux of most anti-eu campaigners . 
  hell , you could even spin it that it 's ukip that makes people in scotland pro-eu . 
  ukip have shown no aptitude or desire to reach out to scottish voters seriously .
