  it 's because erdogan and co. have been secretly funding and supporting these lunatics for some time now to see their delusional islamic agenda come to life, 
  times square has about a million every year for the ball drop so this looks like it could be double that, 
  he meant ermm ... adrianople, 
  ally with big & little reich they said , such efficiency can not lose they said , get to kill more serb they said, 
  agenda is obvious , not even east thrace , just totally cut us out . 
  but our 70million is just too scary eh . 
  not into ottoman time i swear, 
  europe \u2260 eu, 
  because opinions can change over time and unlike america the uk is n't a gang with a `` once you 're in you can never leave '' policy . 
  an electric anything only gets a fraction of its power from fossil fuels . 
  an internal combustion engine gets 100 % of its energy from fossil fuels . 
  anything done to curb energy consumption and shift away from fossil fuels is vitally needed . 
  well done eu . 
  not malmo ? 
  at least for basically being denmark, 
  there 's a western and eastern norway ? 
  the country is a toothpick, 
  where else would you find a car stereo for # 5 ? 
  steadyyy, 
  they want to keep daddy russia happy and rekindle the romance, 
  not any longer, 
  as a print graphic designer this has always annoyed me, 
  reminds me of many pictures you find of afghanistan , iraq , iran and other muslim nations from around the same time period , before western intervention and proxy wars which left vacuums for extremist regimes to ruin everything . 
  [ sights like these in afghanistan wont be seen again for at least another 50 years ] ( http://cdn.abclocal.go.com/images/kgo/cms_exf_2007/news/assignment_7/7710741_600x338.jpg ), 
  putin wo n't unleash the apocalypse over eastern ukraine but if he gets a taste of empire and see 's a larger grandiose ambition under threat then he may deem that something worthy of using nukes over, 
  stonia black, 
  it 's almost as if europe is in a more northern latitude than america, 
  his bold actions only empower other looney tunes with fascist delusions , see hungary & turkey . 
  only thing is , if nobody stops them their delusions become reality . 
  you think a narcissist like putin , if he takes ukraine so easily he 'll just stop ? 
  what is a country if nothing more than a group of similarly minded people with shared customs and beliefs ? 
  russia is a country born from an empire . 
  as is mine , britain , america , france or any great power . 
  terrorist has become a scarlet letter of sorts , an unshakeable label placed on someone when their actions are not welcomed but the powers that be do n't want to group them in with the demographic of the majority . 
  rightly so though , despite what your passport says being a citizen of a nation does n't make a member of that culture . 
  a saudi who moves to and is naturalized in france for example may be french by law , but at the same time is not french . 
  the overarching goal of islam is the proselytization of the world under islamic rule . 
  one outlier does n't change things . 
  europe needs to take after france 's lead and also ban cultural items which promote dehumanization and subjugation . 
  if your culture is predicated on oppression of women then fuck your culture , blind liberal apologists be damned . 
  to do themselves a favour and aid in the assimilation process they probably should n't even call it a fatwa to begin with , even against people of their own faith . 
  just say you condemn . 
  to do themselves a favour and aid in the assimilation process they probably should n't even call it a fatwa to begin with , even against people of their own faith . 
  just say you condemn . 
  losing by default must be terrible, 
  what we 're never taught about war is that unlike in video games and movies it 's incredibly boring . 
  the intense moments of battle are indeed overwhelming but they 're usually few and short lived . 
  the battles are separated by days or weeks , sometimes months of sitting around , moving supplies about , attending formation several times a day and masturbating ... lots of masturbating . 
  the great and mighty sovi ... russia is buying its war machines from a nato country ? 
  poland has also gone the longest without a team in the champions league . 
  so everything evens out in the end http://i.imgur.com/uo4hjny.jpg, 
  i kind of want one, 
  ukraine is biting putin 's bait, 
  being willfully blind does n't make problems go away, 
  the russian & ottoman empires are slowly rising from their ashes and western europe is just twiddling their thumbs it seems . 
  some of the ukrainian forces look so . . rag-tag . 
  they 'd get demolished by the full force of a russian invasion without nato help, 
   ukraine is different , ukraine is european what a coded message that is , closeted racism always has a way of exposing itself eventually . 
  because they 're good little white christ loving citizens that makes them immune to civil unrest ? 
  you 're ridiculous man from minnesota . 
  they 're using the election as a cover for their turkophobia and racism , already having a misplaced feeling of threat by 5 million turkish germans . 
  democracy is n't democracy unless the person you want to win wins it seems . 
  have you ever been to turkey ? 
  of which they/we do . 
  like him or not erdogan was elected democratically . 
  the president 's office is largely weak and even if he does try and expand the office 's power he cant truly be a strong president without a 2/3 + majority of his party in parliament to change the constitution . 
  this is why next year 's parliamentary elections are truly what will determine turkey 's future . 
  erdogan is largely handcuffed until then . 
  unless youre in west london, 
  islam is lagging behind when ironically there was a time when christianity was far behind islam . 
  indonesia is also removed from the islamic seat of power in arabia and it 's a cultural mix of southeast asian with islamic principles so it 's not a true comparison . 
  i have no problem with nationalism , ataturk was as nationalist as they come and fought off every foreign power that tried to slice a piece off of turkey . 
  it 's the right wing islamism that i ca n't stand . 
  turkey 's daddy saudi arabia does it quite effectively . 
  the alevis vote against their own interests by voting for erdogan as well , poor souls have been fooled . 
  the kurds did n't chose to vote against erdogan they voted for independence . 
  they were n't going to trade the shackles of right wing subjugation for the shackles of left wing subjugation . 
  there will never be a free and independent kurdistan as long as turks are running turkey . 
  they see their only path to independence is through their own means , however futile it may seem with a 9 % vote . 
  it 's the `` intra-immigration '' i like to call it . 
  native peoples from istanbul are opposed to erdogan . 
  not only have the right wing fascists taken over my country but my city as well :(, 
  well a plurality of people form western turkey are genetically and culturally greek . 
  conquered and islamized peoples . 
  it really is n't . 
  islam itself ca n't truly coexist in western culture . 
  what separates islam from the other abrahamic faiths is that in islam there is no tradition of separate civic and religious law like in christianity and judaism . 
  westernized nations follow either a model of common law or civil law , apart from religious doctrine , separation of church and state if you will . 
  for muslim countries there is only sharia . 
  turkey broke the mold by becoming secular but secularism ca n't truly thrive in a society who 's faith is at odds with secularism . 
  additionally muslims suffer from a tremendous inferiority complex but that 's a different issue . 
  edit : was -  was n't *, 
  there 's a national taboo on the subject so it 'd be hard to find many people who 'd publicly do so but people in westernized turkey are not ignorant of the past , in an anonymous interview most would . 
  movies like this are the first steps needed the wean the populous to come to terms with the issue . 
  and you 're continuing to spin the argument against turks when a turk finally made a movie that comes to terms with the issue . 
  for every person who threatened akin a thousand other turks would admit to you with shame what his/her grandparents did was wrong . 
  no it 's not turkophobic as sin city 's story was n't predicated on the good white greeks vs the bad dark brown people as 300 was, 
  why should it put a nail in the coffin ? 
  should spain be expelled due to their rioting , protests and similar gentrification issues ? 
  your type will use any issue turkey faces as a reason to deny admission .
