  there 's no such thing as democracy when the candidates are chosen in back rooms by the powers that be , it 's an illusion of choice . 
  guys ... they 're back !, 
  remove the labels and just leave the colors and the maps can be correlated to many different things . 
  income , temperature , life expectancy , infant mortality rate etc. 
  remember people causation \u2260 correlation . 
  and also perhaps due in part to german islamophobia . 
  i am also an atheist but i 'm not sure if that 's because i grew up in ny where having such a view would n't result in ostracization or because i 'm somehow genetically predisposed to not believe in fairy tales . 
  not a graphic i 'm proud of . 
  and he cost my city of birth the olympics . 
  i 'm positive . 
  it could indeed turn into an egypt/morsi situation well before the election . 
  the military is populated generally by uber nationalist-kemalists , their patience with erdogan grows thinner with each incident . 
  because nobody else would join . 
  the east would n't join because turkey is too western and israeli friendly and western nations would n't join because turkey is too islamic and arab friendly . 
  contrary to what you 're proposing and what erdogan wants turkish dominance in the levant and arabia is not viable . 
  the empire is dead , trying to resuscitate it would be a huge mistake . 
  the reasons you give for turkey being incompatible with europe are the same things that make turkey incompatible with the middle east . 
  aside from islam turks and arabs have nothing in common , even considering islam the average ( western ) turk is n't nearly as passionate about it as your typical saudi or jordanian . 
  despite the akps efforts turkey can not exist in union with the middle east either . 
  so what do you propose , to go on being the bustard child of eurasia with no close ties to anyone ? 
  the switzerland we do n't need anyone else approach wont work for turkey in this day & age . 
  it all hinges on 2015 . 
  crossroads is often misused when describing elections but for turkey this upcoming one truly is a crossroads . 
  a reaffirmation of the akp spells doom for the republic . 
  maybe theyre working behind the scenes to control the med . 
  sea from both ends, 
  i understand that thanks to technology the world is trending towards continentalism but perhaps its too soon to push for federalization , or maybe it 's not the answer to begin with . 
  what if i told you that the opinions of germany , france & austria arent ' t the only ones that matter . 
  culturally spaniards and fins are miles apart but coexist nicely in the bloc . 
  all these convienently contrived rationales are just distractions from the real reason , the powers that be in the eu are afraid of muslims in their playpen . 
  amid economic crises people instinctively turn to their conservative options . 
  it 's a defense mechanism , when your way of life and viability feels threatened you want to conserve . 
  so i can understand why we 're seeing the regression in many places around the world . 
  but turkey was ( for the most part ) spared from the economic troubles of the past few years in the industrialized world . 
  he 's grown too comfortable in his role . 
  2015 will prove to be a pivotal year for the republic of turkey . 
  it could either be the end of kemalism and the republic as we know it or a return to pro-western values with the past year being merely a blip on the radar , all depending on next year 's elections . 
  so in order to prove one 's gayness legitimize their eu asylum what do you propose ? 
  take an eu dildo up the rear ? 
  one scumbag pm who rode a wave of leftist weariness in 2003 does n't represent the views of 70m turks who are suffering from buyer 's remorse . 
  the 2015 elections cant come fast enough for many of us . 
  what most centrist and liberal turks fear is that it 'll come too late , long after the akp has had enough time implementing its fascist rules to ` cook the books ' for the election . 
  why ? 
  do 70million muslims in the schengen give you nightmares ? 
  the closeted racism , it oozes from your words . 
  erdogan is undoing 100 years of progress in mere months . 
  he wishes to raise the ottoman empire from the dead and establish a pan arab islamist state . 
  this clown needs to go before my country gets `` liberated '' by america . 
  in regards to net neutrality , why does america get to unilaterally make decisions about the rules of the internet?the internet belongs to the whole of humanity ? 
  the refferendeum passed , most swiss . 
  the majority rules and therefore represents the whole , thus `` the swiss '' . 
  i 've come to the realization that if earth were middle earth the swiss would be the dwarves, 
  ankara really left northern cyprus out to dry . 
  wanting to mend relations with the eu they cut the umbilical cord leaving an infant baby nation stranded naked in the cold with no safety in sight . 
  a united cyprus is only possible under a secular government that recognizes both cultures . 
  it must be officially bilingual , greek & turkish . 
  if the government leans to favor one side over the other you 're just asking for more wars , if that 's the case two separate nations would be preferred . 
  salzburg is lovely , the cost of living is n't low but is n't as high as you 'd expect of a world class city . 
  lots of skiing and the women are 20/10, 
  the swiss ca n't hold themselves up in their mountains forever . 
  switzerland ca n't reap the benefits of being a member of the european community without making any of the concessions expected of a western & industrialized nation . 
  the arrogance and elitism of the swiss boggles the mind at times . 
  do n't worry , erdogan is making sure to match them stride for stride : /, 
  since when did greece become muslim ? 
  apparently schengen only applies to the wealthy eu nations . 
  if you 're making it such a black and white issue you 're inviting conflict . 
  i 'm in favor of a policy of cooperation where greek and turkish naval warships can sail side by side in the aegean and use the waters together . 
  i 'm sorry but turkey 's options to get warships from the black sea to the mediterranean is limited to one , through the aegean . 
  it 's greece who over the past several decades who 've tried to extend the sovereignty radius of their islands to the point where there is no navigable route from the bosphorus to the mediterranean . 
  english is a germanic language . 
  the words may be different but much of the sentence structure , grammatical conventions , subject-verb agreement , the rules are similar between both languages . 
  control people 's sexuality in order to control their minds, 
  this is maybe the first timr in a while where a younger generation is more religious , zealotry religious , than it 's parent 's generation . 
  it only takes a 1 % of crazy people to pull a country in to madness . 
  thousands of miles of coastline, 
  got ta respect the hustle . 
  he played belgian authorities like a pimp . 
  utopian pussies, 
  ionno . . everything, 
  a secular/republican ottoman empire ? 
  what a gaudy monstrous building . 
  no tact . 
  from a religion that forbids idolatry too . 
  the following criteria must all be considered in an evaluation process to differing weights . 
  education , * generally * speaking those who are more educated hold lesser ideological values . 
  social media activity . 
  mannerism and personality . 
  dress , if a family is being interviewed and the mother/wife/daughters are dressed in full body and face covering the husband and potential son ( if old enough , ~ 12 + ) should not be given status . 
  the possessions must be inspected and considered . 
  heck i 'd even consider the attitudes of the potential migrants toward locals . 
  humility and republicanism are the two most important virtues to look for in a migrant . 
  this careful vetting is a policy i 've been proposing for a while now . 
  its not heartless or irresponsible . 
  there are lots of good humble syrian people and there are lots of potential trouble-makers . 
  it 's the expensive slow route so naturally it 's the right but unpopular one . 
  it 's far easier and cheaper to make blanket policies . 
  nope tesla is cornerinng the luxury electric market . 
  they 're setting themselves up to be the mercedes of battery cars . 
  it 's going to be up to other makers to come in at a lower price point . 
  armenia would have the backing of the western world .
