  this is all wishful thinking . 
  for as many people who have lost faith in ak an equal amount of had theirs reinforced believing the attacks are a result of ak losing governance . 
  at worst ( best ) ak loses 10-20 more seats in the close coastal districts . 
  this would still maintain an ak plurality and require them to be part of any realistic coalition . 
  those in central rural anatolia still subscribe to their conservative message . 
  it 's been in my experience that polish people seem to be quite hostile to turks . 
  living in nyc i dated a polish girl from queens for a year or so and her family and friends seemed to like me for the 5 minutes before they knew my name . 
  their attitudes degraded rapidly after , even got violent threats on facebook from some of her family/friends . 
  as a born and raised american i tried letting them know that such attitudes are not acceptable in america and they need to leave that mindset at the airport . 
  sometimes there 's no point in reasoning with closed minded people . 
  among all the european macro-cultures it 's undoubtedly the slavics that are least tolerant of turks . 
  i understand , hundreds of years of ottoman rule blah blah , but get over it . 
  sadly , that 's only 10 % of what my black friend and his polish girlfriend had to endure . 
  fake nike hah, 
  because the empire lives again !, 
  ^ ^ crescent ^ ^ moon ^ ^ & ^ ^ star ^ ^ flags ^ ^ everywhere ^ ^ would ^ ^ also ^ ^ be ^ ^ good, 
  rising sun flags in hawaii would look neat too, 
  winning with 114 % of the vote ? 
  some people like morbid humor, 
  all those kids are dead now, 
  theyre not raised in an environment of anti us , anti west rhetoric forced down their throat for decades now, 
  muslims in the balkans are n't arabs . 
  their culture is totally different . 
  bosnia is nearly split half and half christian/muslim . 
  they could n't exist as a unified country if there was such intolerance . 
  wonder how bosnia or kosovo or albania would do in this poll, 
  we cant stop global warming so lets do nothing !, 
  - us congress, 
  she 's overly welcoming in an indiscriminate manner to refugees but has a less than warm attitude toward turkish germans, 
  it 's fascinating how this argument could be spun to rile up both the left and right . 
  the right to not be offended is such bullshit, 
  ugh just what akp needs, 
  hide yo daughters , hide yo jobs, 
  how i wish to have ever been in such a situation . 
  as soon as some snobby embassy worker or port administrator gives me an attitude i 'd pull out my us passport and give them the `` be gone pest '' gesture with my hand . 
  its just foreplay . 
  imagine being killed because of someone else 's crazy beliefs, 
  have a good holiday , 
  sounds like more turkish favors for europe in exchange for promises that are less than solid . 
  i say no . 
  turkey should work with each individual country who 's willing to work with turkey in a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  brussels has been the puppet master for too long . 
  gyro is still turk, 
  so the kind of migrants who are worthy to be a citizen of said country, 
  they dont have to go home but they ca n't ( all ) stay here ( anatolia ), 
  can not into :(, 
  so i got american citizenship ... 
  the revolution was rather tough on me you know . 
  would like some of those reparations pleass, 
  no migrants , except the ones that want to work virtually for free with no rights !, 
  where else in the world does this happen hmm ? 
  south africa counts too i suppose, 
  raid parliament hang the mps and institute compulsory direct democracy . 
  missing a vote puts you to work making school lunches . 
  sue , tighten regulations , fine , imprison , harsher inspections . 
  there are things to be done . 
  cant just toss him out of a plane with a parachute over some desert in palestine ? 
  the observed reaction to a cartoon of mohammed should be part of the screening process for asylum status . 
  a `` modern art masterpiece '' , literally . 
  no country is under any mandate to do anything . 
  there 's no melting pot clause in the slovak law.what is a country if not a place where people with shared views culture and language can feel safe amongst each other . 
  too much change too fast only breeds fear and hate and violence . 
  preposterous !, 
  america has the money and time to do so being oceans away . 
  it 's a new idea for europe from where america 's immigrants mostly originated . 
  bull . 
  parliamemt acts as reflection of the will of the people . 
  what could be a truer representation of the will of the people than a refferendum . 
  this is all just government not wanting to be cut out of the process , to preserve their place as the middle man between the people and their lives . 
  the house of commons has no say in this matter other than their individual personal votes . 
  house of magistrates extraordinaire, 
  what are they really upset about, 
  its a small island with a high population . 
  population has outgrown dwelling capacity . 
  power to the lords of the land . 
  of happening !, 
  ottoman is of happening, 
  regardless of how one country disagrees with another 's government you can not `` freeze '' the money of private innocent people . 
  that 's just good ole stealing . 
  i have a fixed location but sometimes my employer wants me to be elsewhere in the morning for the business . 
  i do n't show up there at my regular start time but rather begin my journey at my start time as the travel to the job site is a job related responsibility . 
  he once tried to confront me on this . 
  i told him for all you know i live across the street and begin my journey to work mere seconds before i clock in . 
  the time i spend commuting to my fixed site is of no concern to you , and as such you can not say i should travel to the off-site at the same time i normally leave for the office . 
  that was n't your point . 
  not availability but fuel potential . 
  do n't twist things . 
  the battery would have to be the size of the cargo itself to fuel the journey, 
  the automakers have already cornered the electric car market only having given up market share and brand identity to tesla , they 've come out unscathed . 
  it 's the fossil fuel lobby that has everything to lose due to their unwillingness to change . 
  erdogan is gay , but not the good kind of gay - the gay kinda gay . 
  but considering how homophobic he is on the surface i suspect he mat actually be good gay . 
  america is that you ? 
  the assisination attemps usually start soon, 
  one would have to join the other . 
  its like the koreas or chinas . 
  each claims to be the true representative government of it all . 
  we 're not far off from requiring everyone to have a portrait of erdogan in their home, 
  midnight strolls through siberia ? 
  electric cars have the ranges of average petrol cars these days .
