  i 've no problem with kurds or alevis or armenians , georgians , tartars or jews . 
  turkey is the crossroads of the old world , they all have a place here . 
  or you could argue europe is so rich it 's poorest country and one of it 's smallest is wealther than 20 % of humanity, 
  that 's so fuckin wicked and cool . 
  it 's a room fitting ofa boss fight . 
  cyprus was n't a member state during the war if it means anything, 
  constitutions change . 
  the french one changed 5 times since the revolution no ? 
  yeah , so the government can have a record of it 's gay citizens for when a fascist religious regime comes around , brilliant . 
  would people then feign homosexuality for status ? 
  i know this is most likely not going to happen with a muslim population though . 
  `` do n't buy the sun '', 
  christianity seems to end where the snows end . 
  always thought that was interesting . 
  small town new england during the holidays is a sight to be seen . 
  `` dont buy the sun '', 
  occasionally traveling to sofia through edirne to my girlfriend 's family is still an easy crossing . 
  though to be fair i always use my american passport over my turkish and i 'm never second guessed or given a hassle . 
  i 'm curious to use my turkish one to see how much more difficult it 'd be . 
  coming from a family that 's from near the turkey-greece-bulgaria tri-point by edirne it 's a little sad to see big scary fences and armed guards where there was once open farmland fields . 
  turkish and bulgarian neighbor farmers used to be separated by merely a cleared path of trees and grass . 
  i understand why bulgaria does so , just sad . 
  the trials and tribulations of iceland . 
  so cute, 
  part of me thinks these events were planned in back rooms between these two . 
  always a good time to be had in sofia . 
  dont make wahabbi your hobby, 
  citroen , vauxhaull ? 
  kill me of boredom why dont you, 
  id imagine buying a new tdi now when vw re-offers it would be the best time to do so when scrutiny is at it 's highest . 
  vw will be on it 's best behavior for at least a little while . 
  house name would be eurasia . 
  * `` you shall not pass '' *, 
  this is the state of turkish politics, 
  `` hey greece , tag you 're it !, 
  this is equivalent to morning wood poking your partner by the military, 
  balkans in general are pretty high . 
  maybe it 's a turkic thing rather than muslim . 
  a live single celled organism was first though was n't it ? 
  putin does n't strike me as the sort of chap who takes to learning lessons . 
  you would n't know that watching american republican debates, 
  sounds so confucius-y, 
  erdogan is ** not ** nationalistic . 
  the values of republicanism are lost on him . 
  turkey is the only country where things are better when the military keeps the government in line . 
  ugh who 'd want to play outdoors in russia in january anyway . 
  much rather stay with antalyaspor and relax on the beaches if up to me . 
  and we sneak in and finish unfinished business ? 
  * looking at yuo poland *, 
  if i remember belgium knocked out usa last world cup, 
  sounds like modern colonialism . 
  `` now feel the wrath of brown people !, 
  those were french planes ? 
  and turkey is caught in the middle . 
  damn geography, 
  turkey has a very high turnout rate . 
  people do care and more than half the country did n't want the religious party, 
  unlike muslims raised in europe who look back on the caliphate days with rose tinted glasses , who willfully attend these fundamentalist schools , erdogan is trying to force this down the throats of a large portion of the country that want no part of it . 
  how original, 
  asia vs. europe , who 's the better band ? 
  better than nukes !, 
  doesnt matter if you cant fix the source, 
  except they kill anyone who 'll actually go there and spread a western message, 
  america or russia is behind any good conspiracy . 
  i wonder who 's bidding akp is carrying out . 
  this is why russia will slow down with these encroachments . 
  i 'm not surprised with the turkophobia floating around reddit these days . 
  all everyone needed was a reason , even if it was a bad one . 
  i doubt anyone sporting finnish , british or italian flair around here would be so upset if they shot down a russian war plane after the dozenth time . 
  the very reason why a woman is wearing a burka is the same reason why she wont have the money to pay it . 
  fine the closest and most influential male in her life and fine him . 
  how do you reattach nerves ? 
  russia operates a modern air force the pilot and his commanders know exactly where he 's going . 
  even on small passenger aircraft the instruments and computers let you know where the international borders are . 
  there is no mistaking what the intentions were . 
  but we 've choreographic such an elegant and graceful aerial dance through the years :(, 
  im sure if you trace the family tree back far enough they 're related . 
  then again if you go far enough back we 're related to sweet potatoes too . 
  this is foreplay, 
  who cares if it was 1 meter for one second . 
  turkey will not receive the ukraine treatment from russia . 
  your tune would surely change if russian planes were inching their way in to your country . 
  or turko-russian hybrids, 
  ill trade 6 doner and 14 stray cats, 
  it 's tuesday, 
  freedom ^ tm is n't just a meme this time, 
  not europe but european in culture , quebec city is tge loveliest place for christ 's mass. 
  in italy the prosecutor can appeal if they lose ? 
  how interesting, 
  should of not emigrated to a homogenous country then . 
  there 's no expectation of being a melting pot in any country besides america . 
  hows this public info so fast ? 
  this is the kind of info spies were killed over in the not so distant past . 
  most underrated anthem . 
  amazing how they operate . 
  if you 're from a poor place it might be your best shot at living in a civilized place . 
  i 'm not a bad guy guys . 
  just an anglo , atheist of turk descent who wants turkey to be the great place it could be . 
  vote no . 
  when the plan inevitably goes to shit use your stance to run for president .
