  impressive results website, 
  elections in turkey are respected and have very high turnout , ballot box counts are all under scrutiny . 
  pussies, 
  hope this works against ak, 
  move to america , it 's wrong there to not insult politicians, 
  this headline is blown way out of proportion . 
  edirne and < random syrian town  are light years apart . 
  its democracy when its in his favor and is n't when it is n't, 
  which is why i kept my statement general, 
  combining red fear with religious conservatism ... i know it 's you america !, 
  those sites were parts of the empire at a time . 
  within a tolerant country homogenous islamic communities behave like they would if they were in the middle of the desert they came from . 
  strasbourg , we hate this union but we 're glad to be the capital !, 
  if only the science that falls in line with the government 's agenda is allowed to be released perhaps it can, 
  was the flag modeled after the trees , or did the trees model themselves off of the flag ? 
  the mod of each red is ordained by the reddit gods themselves and their word mustnt be questioned . 
  what do you have to do to gain such status ? 
  be the first one to make a sub, 
  ira is still a thing ? 
  get a life people, 
  politicians only reflect the will of the people when it serves them . 
  did n't you take human nature 101 ? 
  can turkiye join ? 
  i cant trust elections with no paper ballot, 
  as i 've been saying for a few months now . 
  worst case scenario for akp is they lose at most a dozen more seats from the 50/50 districts . 
  they 'd still be needed for any realistic coalition . 
  best case scenario for akp is that they 'll win the slimmest majority , 1-3 seats where they could easily lose the majority with a resignation or scandal . 
  the most likely scenario in my mind is akp loses a couple more seats to chp and mhp . 
  hdp will remain about the same as kurds in eastern turkey will cross the 10 % threshold again and i do n't see many of them voting for any one besides hdp . 
  akp got voted out of power a few months ago did n't they ? 
  except in libya or iraq turkey is still a country where the rule of the vote is respected and obeyed and erdogan and akp can be removed . 
  this may not be the case for much longer if they 're restored to power though . 
  would be 20 deaths in america, 
  no unaccompanied males without a wife , mother or daughter . 
  europe does n't need more of a troublemaking demographic . 
  horny , poor , uneducated and ideological teen to 30-something year old males . 
  may i please ? 
  lol, 
  its as if party b agrees to nothing with a , all proposals and accords are dismissed . 
  b then cries out that a is being non negotiable . 
  uhhh guess stupid it is then, 
  never said anything about genocide or cleansing . 
  hobbes vs locke , castro vs nixon , sanders vs clinton, 
  turkey will remove its troops when an agreement is made first . 
  the welfare of our diaspora is paramount . 
  with the rise of far right fanaticism on the fringes of hellenic politics we do n't want a repeat of the 70s . 
  im quite agreeable and understand both sides of the argument but when you say completely 1 sided remarks like this that ignore all the details of situation how can turks not respond aggressively . 
  perhaps it 's your goal to inflame . 
  and for the record , if aggression is your cup of tea , cyprus is lucky there is even a cyprus to unify and that turkey did n't reclaim the entire island in the 70s . 
  it 's cyprus that has been prolonging the the division to serve this very end . 
  they 'll agree to nothing . 
  no agreement other than sending all the turkish cypriots off the island and then the veto talks crying victim . 
  better watch ur butthole we 're coming for yuo europe, 
  it really is . 
  it solves all woes, 
  oh no they 've discovered our neo ottoman training centres aimed at reclaiming tha balkans !, 
  feigning ignorance to not raise suspicion to a larger plan ? 
  you 're building quite the reputation around here of being an intolerable troll, 
  why is italy so high ? 
  bribery , corruption , mafia ? 
  the typical italian stereotypes or is it something else, 
  greece was always unique in that while being schengen it was effectively an island from the rest of the eu . 
  all illegal migrants would have to use air ports or cross through non-schengen areas to get to central europe making the trip not worth it . 
  now migrants have an eu land path to get from greece to germany . 
  im maybe thinking this was erdogan 's plan all along . 
  to allow the situation in syria to get out of hand by turning a blind eye so he could have massive leverage with future negotiations . 
  contrary to popular belief it 's been the stance of turkey for a while now to end the rift . 
  it serves the agenda of ultra conservatives and xenophobes to keep the issue going as a demerit against turkey and north cyrpus, 
  people want to criticize the hypocritical nature of having schengen but closed borders to outsiders and migrants . 
  they have it wrong . 
  schengen was made for the benefit of native europeans , not others . 
  nobody raises an issue about america 's open borders within it 's states whilst having ( legally ) closed international borders and ports . 
  a few more reports of brown peopleat benefits offices or demeaning local women and uk will surely leave, 
  in the big picture turkey still has more to gain in membership than europe does . 
  it seems the opposite right now because europe is so fearful of migrants, 
  because turkey is n't a vassal state that exists at the pleasure of eu, 
  i do n't believe this is a term that 's ever been uttered in america, 
  alevi turks still maintain many pagan turkic traditions from the pre-islamic steppe days, 
  if this were 75ad one would argue christianity was never part of europe , it came to us . 
  very, 
  man mr habibi over there was creeping me the fuck out, 
  that 's a false equivelancy . 
  western values do n't kill over cartoons therefore the west is right . 
  where is the rule in physics that says both sides must share the blame when there 's an impass ? 
  33 % + of germans would want her to resign just because she 's not a part of their party, 
  i spend a lot of my time in istanbul , which is where i am at the moment, 
  my cousin family loved that she dated a run of the mill american guy named joe haha, 
  want to fit in to and be accepted in a historically right-of-center country ? 
  be as conservative as you can . 
  ironically though american conservatism is a little different than european as it 's ^ intended to focus more on individual liberties and rights , including the right to be with who ever you want . 
  that 's certainly it . 
  i have a couple of polish male friends who i 'm cordial with . 
  but i feel there is a general attitude of `` ca n't let him defile and contaminate our people by dating our daughter/sister/etc . 
  i 'm pretty well versed in history and i did n't even pick up on that so i doubt most germans involved in this project noticed . 
  the agents for change in many of these countries that would transform them leave for greener pastures thus leaving their homeland to rot . 
  ca n't blame them , but at the same time you cant fix the problem with out them being in their home countries . 
  twas just a pr sacrificial move . 
  culture wo n't change until people stop buying vw . 
  i was thinking about replacing my 8 year old jetta with an e-golf or hybrid jetta but probably wont now being untrusting of all the different ways vw may have cooked the books .
