  college educated , literate with technical skills and immigration prospects are shit . 
  horny ideological twenty-something male with no education and a high potential for trouble making ? 
  come right in . 
  a lot can happen in 5 years, 
  i want to apply for asylum in australia because winter is close, 
  then the jews messed everything up, 
  when a stream can be the difference between a side winning or losing a war there 's no way to predict the events of thousands of years . 
  brussels thinks it can usurp and take the place of national legislatures, 
  youre sovereign now , you would n't prefer anything over anything in this case, 
  this is a mere lip service plan . 
  they can use the `` hey we 're trying '' argument, 
  i applaud those who stand up to the pc police . 
  we 're sorry we ca n't afford to put all the migrants in hiltons . 
  well at least the greediest and most entitled do n't want to stay anyway, 
  just what isis needs to recruit more . 
  schengen is great for the employed educated whites of europe - the ones the policy was intended for . 
  they would rather die in a country of nothing rather than work their way up and survive in a prosperous country . 
  it says a lot about their character - this is not a compliment . 
  it 's a reflection of their entitled lazy attitude . 
  additionally a country is not required to receive you but do n't tell them that . 
  muslims have a very bad inferiority complex combined with an entitled one , very dangerous combo . 
  we 're going to have another close election too !, 
  in a strange twist , the muslim sin of idolatry has in effect created a roundabount way of idolazing mohammed through the calligraphic writings of his name . 
  it 's merely human nature to attach ourself to visial cues , sight is our most important sense . 
  how does kebap fit in this equation ? 
  do we sit this one out ? 
  thought this was a sexual reference for a second heh, 
  people can do incredible things when brown people are at the door, 
  that money still came from someone who was n't you, 
  yes yes let the eu have the best and brightest while leaving turkey with the troublemakers . 
  turkey does n't work for eyou, 
  du ... hast ? 
  that 's ** not ** the point !, 
  its a land of freedom for those who can accept those freedoms for everyone else and not just their self . 
  it 's just tons of brush and swamp-like land outside edirne . 
  there are no postings for landmines so therefore , legally speaking , there ca n't be any land mines . 
  let them point . 
  keeping the eu refugee-free is n't turkey 's responsibility . 
  because afghanistan was such a great place to live in, 
  no border control . 
  turkey will not lend any part in working for the eu 's interests whilst paying for it . 
  the ultimate arrogant and exploitative notions coming from brussels is that turkey should `` do it 's part '' ( meaning everything since we 're the crossroads ) to solve the immigration problem . 
  if god was the all powerful ubiquitous force the abrahamic faiths make god out to be god would n't need to speak through human conduits . 
  ironic how before that christian reformation period it was the islamic world that was for hundreds of years the progressive capital of the world . 
  all the advancements in math , technology , medicine , astronomy and things of the sort laid the groundwork for europe to build off of . 
  with that said before the islamic golden age the muslim world was even more barbaric than it is to say . 
  my point is that these shifts in collective conscious within a culture is cyclical . 
  i just hope this cycle wo n't last hundreds of years . 
  listen to it without watching and try to keep up with what he 's saying, 
  turkiye makes surprise bid for nordic union , accepted before esti ^ but ^ still ^ not ^ into ^ eu :(, 
  turkiye makes surprise bid for nordic union , accepted before esti ^ but ^ still ^ not ^ into ^ eu :(, 
  there does n't even exist the annual levels of non-renewable fuel for everyone in the world to live the life of an american, 
  we cant help everyone so we help no one !, 
  instead of fear mongering he 's taking a more sophisticated route to preach his xenophobia . 
  it appeals to the more inntelectual voters on the right but i 'd say he 's still seeing things through a distorted lens . 
  turks have been in europe for a wee bit longer than that , sorry to inform . 
  found the blowhard, 
  everyone 's is just playing catch up to america, 
  as long as theyre white right ? 
  turkey is a million times safer than the homes of the refugees . 
  battles in far off uninhabited mountainsides do n't make turkey a dangerous place to seek refuge . 
  turks in germany are 3-4 generations in and in many instances integrated by blood with native germans . 
  these are dumbass kids fighting only because of shit they read on the web . 
  they 've no reason to fight each other as their whole lives have been lived in the comfort of a western nation, 
  what do spaniards think of spaniards wanting independence *, 
  smart young literate americans are passed over for tomorrow 's trouble makers, 
  ive consulted a map and see blue between them . 
  in my expert opinion i 'd have to concur, 
  of course they do . 
  they 're playing the slow caliphate game . 
  picture 4 : most definitely not syrian, 
  the eu marines will force open hungary 's gates i guess, 
  they 'll get an angry letter because the eu as a federal institution is toothless . 
  my family integrated well :(, 
  why ? 
  not muslim . 
  greenland needs populating, 
  and central & western europeans just popped out of the ground eh ? 
  we 're all african, 
  this also applies to turks, 
  theyre not leaving where theyre coming from because they left it as a decent place, 
  immigration all you can eat menu . 
  these dogs have always needed to get reigned in every so often, 
  calm down . 
  cyprus was n't eu during the war and the two sides are coming close to an agreement right now . 
  bengali hindi punjabi and persian into more europe thn turkieye :(, 
  youre challenging his statement . 
  the onus is on you to provide data to prove otherwise . 
  or they 're just opportunists looking for a new woman . 
  considering how they treat their woman no unaccompanied man should be allowed . 
  salem witch trials, 
  refugees do n't wa n't to go to moldova . 
  not enough free things to mooch off of from there, 
  their invasion plan was never intended to be by the way of the gun , but by poisoning the bushel of apples with a few bad from within . 
  statistically speaking thousands of the refugees flooding in hold extremist views , wether they be non militant ordinary folk or isis soldiers in disguise . 
  there needs to be an exhaustive screening process of each migrant , especially males between their teens and forties . 
  it may seem harsh and discriminatory but that 's exactly what 's needed . 
  blind acceptance is a luxury for times of peace . 
  is the spanish government willing to go to war to keep catalunya ? 
  at this point the persuasion of a gun seems like the only way that eastern iberia will remain part of spain .
