  aint no party like a balkan party !, 
  sooo aragorn caused 9/11 ? 
  i once planned a bike trip from spain to china, 
  and at what point do the creditors write off the debt and eat the loss . 
  they 're coming for our nhs . 
  two can play the paranoia game, 
  the saab that used to make cars ? 
  cant earn a paycheck when you ded, 
  turk bad kurd good !, 
  maybe he 's conflicting kurd and cheese curds ? 
  hmmm this typically leads to bad things, 
  and we are technically a secular one . 
  but you know ... technicalities, 
  theyre totally exclusive !, 
  how will they screen out the muslims who are faking ? 
  the stone in the mines was being rather tough today, 
  anti turk propaganda this is, 
  fool me once germany, 
  too much manga to live for, 
  had a secondary school mate who was physically gifted , 6 ' 6 '' at 14 strong as an ox , probably could have played professional sports in some capacity . 
  during a basketball practice one evening he just collapsed on the floor and died , he had a golf ball sized hole in his heart that no one ever knew about . 
  so shocking . 
  brings into focus your own mortality, 
  germany . 
  very nationalistic and very proud . 
  two traits that most turks and germans share . 
  bosnia and greece are tied for second too . 
  this is as much a cultural problem as it is a political one . 
  you have to pay your taxes, 
  there was a time when people fled out of christian europe to seek religious freedoms under the ottoman empire , times change and never is an awfully long time to make predictions for, 
  all the population exchanges , marches , wars and only at 75 % ? 
  hdp voters consider themselves turkish too . 
  though in a similar way a texan considers himself american i suppose . 
  but `` not geographically european '' is a commonly used non-ascension argument against us, 
  it 'd be as if new york left the us and started referring themselves as a different ethnicity than american . 
  they 're essentially the same . 
  is this because of ... you know, 
  citizenship makes you german but does n't necessarily mean you 're german, 
  what a naive writing . 
  there 's no point in trying to reconcile greed or power . 
  rationale and fairness mean nothing !, 
  if contradicting yourself makes a penny by all means that 's what they 'll do . 
  no , bls stay, 
  only 23 % down ? 
  not as bad as i thought, 
  they become more violator-y by continuing to isolate, 
  the muslim take over is nearly complete, 
  a single military would make them more than just allies as is the case with nato . 
  it 'd be perhaps the biggest step towards federalization . 
  the other states would be one in the same . 
  id ace that shit so hard, 
  no one has a bad thing to say about turkiye !, 
   `` they were stopped while traveling on nato travel orders through vienna , '' [ austria ] ( http://januaryharshe.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/you-have-no-power-here.jpg.png ), 
  who decides what 's legal within a country if not that country, 
  been saying this since it first came out, 
  it 's like 1920s spain all over again, 
  should let us in the eu since we have such a useful sabre then, 
  relax mr. yuro . 
  greece is claiming a doubly large maritime border than what the world recognizes . 
  as a result if you use those larger borders there is no path a turkish warship can take to reach the mediterranean from the black sea . 
  europe 's manhattan, 
  he may be the one true patriot . 
  would n't be surprised if this is a result of the heavy hand of brussels . 
  not wanting their experiment undermined and to make an example out of anyone who would dare to . 
  having a backup plan to revert currency to a historically greek one is hardly `` treason '', 
  union europeens, 
  this was always a race for 2nd, 
  dam the bosphorus , womp womp, 
  they dont cede shit . 
  power is derived from people not laws . 
  when enough people are outraged like this these things are prevented . 
  squiggly bits on paper do n't force angry people to capitulate . 
  red white and turquoise vertical triband-tricolour, 
  now you can stop complaining about our planes !, 
  i wonder how strong russians protections of private property is . 
  as we all know of course you never really `` own '' land in this world , you just permanently lease it from your government and they ( hopefully ) keep baddies from stealing your shit, 
  about two large football pitches . 
  not enough for livestock to graze but i suppose you could have a year 's supply of corn and high yield crops like tomatoes, 
  dat oil doe, 
  fuck the sowdee king, 
  come to turkiye !, 
  or america ^ ^ theyll ^ ^ probably ^ ^ move ^ ^ to ^ ^ america, 
  for the health of he organism as a whole , if the lenders really believe in and care about this european project they need to forgive the debt . 
  asking for reform is not unreasonable but you can not handcuff a major player in the eu economy and expect to grow . 
  if one party wants to profit off of a gamble they should also be on the hook to lose from that same gable too . 
  fundamentally speaking it 's ethically flawed for one party 's gamble outcome to be both win and win while the debtor 's is win or lose . 
  this only makes the lender more careful with their loans and lends itself to an overall healthier economy . 
  slightly off topic , but this is the problem with guaranteed loans . 
  the risk is gone so a market is saturated with unjust debt . 
  that was so sad :( he deserves better, 
  even karthikeyan scored points at one point, 
  the uk would be 4 states , including new new old england, 
  nissan is shit, 
  most importantly , will it 's valance be formatted for euro-spec license plates ? 
  if so , sex, 
  britain 's motor companies include chevy , ford and chrysler, 
  the focus st is great but rattles like a can of nails, 
  do n't tell alonso that, 
  isis bout to know what it 's like to go up against a real ^ ^ former caliphate bitches, 
  quiet , before i tell tayyip about yuo,
