  the very way we refer to the ottoman * empire * vs xyz * caliphate * is representative of how turkic peoples are turkic first and islamic second . 
  those origins i speak of are in part what made it easy for turkish people to adopt a western style republican government when the rest of the muslim world could not . 
  ottoman empire incorporated half if the roman empire so its only natural they adopted many of those similarities, 
  useful transportation no, 
  this will be a racial/religious homogeny campaign in the guise of the immigration debate, 
  i dont shackle myself to the past, 
  have an upvote mein friend, 
  not sure if joking, 
  he 's a native italian and non-arab muslim . 
  it 's apples and oranges . 
  he plans on making a 180 degree shift to deceive us all . 
  we lower our guard and bam surprise kommunism . 
  watching lfc get embarassed, 
  lets see what happens and hope theyre promptly release when the confusion is sorted, 
  turkey has been on the wrong end of the ole carrot-on-a-stick gag for too long . 
  we 'll do the job of being the buffer the eu wants us to be but only with full membership . 
  anything less and we 're merely an open road for more madness to flow through . 
  if the eu wants turkey to feed and house and station all the migrants for it 's benefit the eu knows what it must do . 
  this is what pro-eu turks like me have been fearing for years . 
  we 're not merely a buffer for the eu to use at it 's leisure . 
  the pro-turkey legislation and treats from the eu will keep coming in order to ensure turkey does it 's `` job '' . 
  i say no , do n't accept these processing centres . 
  these treats that always fall short of accession . 
  turkey will not be used for the luxury of brussels . 
  if we 're not in the eu we 've no reason to spend the tremendous amounts of money preventing the migrants from traveling deeper in to europe . 
  serious question . 
  do these planes stand a chance against a plane from another country that can arm themselves with an air force ? 
  it 's easy for an american muslim to be progressive and forward thinking but to say `` hey look muslims can assimilate easily '' whilst using america as the example is a fallacy . 
  it 's easy for these tumblr and twitter warrior-pc police muslim teens in the us to call out europe 's growing anti muslim shift when they 've never had an islamic militant drag them away . 
  american muslims do n't represent the base of the faith . 
  when there is no punishment for being outspoken and western minded of course they will be . 
  true change will only come when people in arab streets call for change ** and ** do n't accept it from the first opportunist islamist group that comes along . 
  these refugees make their way illegally in to central europe and complain that they 're not being given free things . 
  they come with backward belief systems and criticize the country they move to for not being like the place they left , which was destroyed thanks to their belief system . 
  turkey is safe , their asylum journey ends there . 
  if you enjoy tits and beer you 'll get these `` asulym '' seekers out before they ruin your country the same way thet did theirs , then blame you for blaming them for not comforming . 
  your laptops or phones camera could * could * be turned on remotely if the govt really wanted to, 
  thats why theyre chillin chillin in the pretty hillsides of belgium, 
  very cyclic these ages are . 
  in modern times these periods of advancements and progression seem to have 10 year cycles though, 
  `` what do you mean youre out of doner '', 
  oh how thoughtful of you . 
  let turkey pick up the tab and help keep europe brown-free, 
  im sure theres a middle ground residency status they could apply for too, 
  moderate middle eastern muslims are more open minded than european muslims it seems, 
  no that 's not what i was addressing . 
  you say `` we '' as if you personally have any sort of standing in the events of the past . 
  claiming the hardships of people who 've long long since passed as your own to justify your bigotry, 
  who 's we ? 
  were you alive back then ? 
  i know, 
  an american should n't be advocating for more human imprisonment, 
  so now were going from absolute statements to probables . 
  quebec city, 
  what about paternal ? 
  and how do you know they were raped ? 
  how do you know anything of an unknown balkan villager that lived 400 years ago with no records ? 
  birthright was once an anglo tradition inherited by the us as common law after the revolution . 
  it was in place by the british empire to ensure any anglo persons born in a colony could return to the uk with ease at some point . 
  it 's still in place for some commonwealth realms with limited provisions . 
  it 's a deterrent . 
  even though those who are meant to be deterred in all likelihood wont even know about the rule . 
  if you 're going to kick em out then kick em out do n't rob them of 6 months of their life . 
  the eu and in effect germany is closer to syria than you think . 
  only one country is between the eu and syria . 
  once in greece or bulgaria refugees have an eu land route in to germany, 
  i hate to break it to you ______ i\u0107 , but chances are you have at least a little turkic blood in you , 
  remember what happened last time serbia wanted to make quick and fast decisions regarding muslims ? 
  and statistically speaking at least a few of them are christians too , what about them ? 
  this is sjerbia brudder . 
  1 musliman may as well be 1 million in belgrade, 
  you likely have to travel through turkey to get to europe anyway . 
  many have decided to make turkey their final destination and turkey faces the same arab influx as central europe, 
  because the wealthy ones are still governed by islamic law and traditions and as a result are places where human rights is not highly regarded, 
  i get it . 
  but how are you assuming they 're * all * unskilled and/or uneducated ? 
  why not individually screen each one and gauge their aptitude , adaptability , beliefs , skills etc ? 
  rounding up and making blanket decisions is the easy way . 
  what an italian crime, 
  `` master race with * that * penis ? '', 
  you called just in time for captain poultry to save the day !, 
  and your reply would be if i did n't have flair ? 
  and what happens when a local politician with strong support from his people want to kick tiffany & co. out from their country ? 
  s/he 's going to get deposed with utmost haste . 
  direct democracy is perhaps the most democratic but even then all the power rests with those who somehow choose what gets voted on . 
  its a crime when the laws are written vaguely and up to the interpretation of officials with an agenda, 
  and what use is this information to me really . 
  id rather just pay the # 4 for the dvd rental than deal with that, 
  a dystopian world where corporations write the rules and levy justice not to protect profits but to impose authority . 
  the police are unknowing mercenaries and the judges gangsters . 
  we 're all essentially slaves of a couple dozen companies under the ruse of employment . 
  hed get arrested at whatever port of entry he enters as the intelligence services know who he is . 
  they 'll improve when the western world allows it to . 
  allows africans to profit from their land, 
  the groundwork has been set for another final solution to come from somewhere in europe . 
  perhaps one of the lite variety but fundamentally the same . 
  amazing how cyclical history is . 
  reverse colonization will become a thing . 
  after hundreds of years of europe and the western world exploiting africa for it 's natural resources the script will be flipped . 
  i cant wait to see the insanity come out of europe 's right when they start thinking this way .
