  kurds live a western lifestyle in most cases . 
  i think you 're referring to central anatolia, 
  the eu 's endgame is total federalization . 
  that 's the overarching goal . 
  the eu is not complete without norway , switzerland , bosnia , etc. 
  and turkey as well . 
  the world is tending towards continentalism . 
  hopefully one day , beyond our years complete globalization too but i digress . 
  as for criteria turkey has met just as many or more of the standards set that other recent entries have . 
  at the same time the eu risks abandoning and pushing turkey further to the east . 
  turks feel like they 've been on the not fun end of a carrot-on-a-stick gag for decades now in regards to eu admission . 
  sanctions , embarrassment , forcing submission , these are methods that only breed contempt and disdain . 
  i believe brining someone in to the fold and showing them the light so to say is the most effective way of going about these sorts of matters . 
  if admitted 20 years ago turkey would be more western than it is now and would have already recognized the genocide . 
  the power to enforce any writ lies with those who have the power to compel . 
  unless there is someone out there who 's willing to to threaten military action against turkey over this matter i do n't think turkey would pay reparations if it was n't of their own accord . 
  who would even have standing in this matter ? 
  i believe all the armenians who were adults for the genocide have passed now . 
  their children , wether they were very young or born shortly there after must all be nearing death now too . 
  so where do we draw the line for generational standing ? 
  are grandchildren of wronged people due any monies for their grandparents hardships ? 
  i 'd say perhaps and would be willing to entertain that argument but that 's where i think it stops . 
  indeed . 
  there is usually a distinction made between nazi germany and modern germany . 
  such a distinction is not as commonly used in the context of the armenian genocide . 
  turkey & turks , these are the only descriptors used by those who use the incident as a part of a bigger agenda . 
  they 've not the decency to say ottoman empire , ottomans or even just old-turkey . 
  it 's as if it 's their goal to blame modern day turkey and today 's generation for the crimes committed by those 5 generations ago . 
  buy us bonds . 
  safest place to keep your money in the world . 
  though the return is poor , but that 's the price you pay for the security and piece of mind . 
  america the free bitches ^ ^ oops ^ ^ wrong ^ ^ flair, 
  fuck us right, 
  theyre french nationals but they are n't french, 
  lol, 
  do you want more ? 
  the intellectual gap widens, 
  you can take the slav out of balkan ... 
  there is no official designation as to what makes up the balkans . 
  what you find on wiki is just one of many interpretations of a loose border, 
  hi friend, 
  sour grapes syndrome is all, 
  [ it is known ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/turkish-doner-kebab-5422023.jpg ), 
  yourself perhaps . 
  most altaic central asian/siberian folk , turkic peoples , those who we share common ancestors with are rather pale . 
  they 'll bring their nuclear powered putin drone army, 
  like the good ole days, 
  who knew, 
  or that republicans will cut off their nose just to spite their face because of the scary black man in the white house . 
  ooh 50 million . 
  ukraine can buy 2 tanks with that . 
  that 'll keep rossiya away, 
  can you shank a dude ? 
  i heard you guys wanted a crescent ? 
  yes, 
  only way to dekebabanize sjerb is mass suicide . 
  you * all * have turk blood in you ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it shows a politician is human and vunerable . 
  it 's actually kind of endearing to see a politician open about their vices . 
  ffs, 
  thats why nationalism is silly , especially in the balkans - the doorway in to and out of europe , where everyone is a little bit of everything . 
  capitals change too . 
  america 's capital was philadelphia and new york in a * de facto * sense at certain points in time before d.c. was built . 
  such is the nature of conquest . 
  the inhabitants of the newly taken over land must decide wether to leave or make concessions and join the new ruling power . 
  the names and rules have changed some but the game remains the same . 
  removing the smallest cog in even the biggest machine will shut it all down . 
  chances are you have a turkish ancestor, 
  [ :o ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/gallery/omg/dorothy_oh_my.gif ), 
  not this again . 
  here , have some more immigrants, 
  im asking the questions here buddy, 
  `` a turkish navy 's coastguard ship carries out a rescue operation after a boat sank in the bosphorus strait '' was it traveling in to the black sea , possibly bulgaria or romania ? 
  if it came from syria and reached the bosphorus it likely already crossed through eu waters via cyprus and/or greece . 
  condoms suck, 
  we 're young , fertile and legion . 
  hide yo daughters , hide yo jobs, 
  not sure , have n't used it yet . 
  we have a tunnel now !, 
  my croatian girlfriend 's mom loves that shit, 
  it 's not an effect of erdogan or akp , we just always had a tradition of having lots of babies, 
  homeless or trendy, 
  he promised acession , freer visa travel , more foreign goods , hospitals , better education , and on most of those fronts delivered . 
  in 07 it seemed as if joining the eu would happen the next day . 
  it 's almost as if he hit his head one morning in 2010 and wemt mad . 
  nothing is ever done solely for civil rights issues . 
  what 's in it for the eu to cut some of turkey 's cash over an internal turkish conflict ? 
  this is the last we 'll hear about this proposal . 
  does the influx of muslims add to the reason why theyre leaving ? 
  germany only gave us a finite amount, 
  he said `` peesh '' heh, 
  erdogan breaks in to our homes and gives us presents, 
  you did it now, 
  i did n't support :(, 
  popularity among those who never lived in stalin 's russia . 
  think of all the pretty women that call that tower home . 
  it 's a harem gold mine !, 
  as an atheist from a primarily muslim family in edirne i can see how her message would sell even here . 
  though to be fair we 're one of the staunchest pro-secular regions in turkey . 
  have you ever used olive oil in the butt ?
