  british socialist party and new labour party . 
  they 'll split an already minority 's share of the vote and thatcher will be laughing in her grave . 
  calling them lunatics is the kind of smear campaign the blue corner has used for the past 10 years now . 
  do n't debate , just incite fear and shout out names . 
  the uk is so very like the us in this regard . 
  some speak american, 
  if you dont like bacon how can you be trusted, 
  they can check that attitude at the airport gate or get on the first plane back . 
  this is why the vetting process must go beyond `` hes not a baddie '' it has to delve deep in to the mind and bring to the surface the core beliefs of the migrants . 
  once let in , the seed of true intolerance is very hard to weed out . 
  because as you said it 's generational , it 's taught from parent to child over and over . 
  any attempts at breaking that cycle by the western world - even whilst in a western country will be seen as an act of aggression against their culture by the family and reinforce their insular fundamentalist narrative . 
  everyone with a heating bill, 
  muslims in europe , or european muslims ? 
  ie : pakistani teenage boy in the uk who beats his sister for going out at night or a bosnian muslim who leads any other normal western-centric life, 
  problem is those who are in control of the heart of islam and as a result those who are in control of the sympathies and minds of muslims kill potential enlighteners . 
  it 's so very easy for a muslim in ny to say `` look at me as your example of how good islam can be , i 'm a * real * muslim . '', 
  but that 's a fallacy . 
  nothing changes as long as the powers that be continue to be throughout arabia . 
  when mecca has a gay pride parade only then will the west know it can be tolerant once again . 
  shame . 
  turkey 's footballing fans do n't have the best reputation that much is certain . 
  uneducated arab bloodlines . 
  it 's easy for ak to paint mediterranean ch supporters as elitists - because we are when we have to endure these fools . 
  but if thats the case hide yo jobs , hide yo daughters !, 
  what if it were akin to a tag you have on your windshield for toll road readers ? 
  literally a second and go . 
  imagine being killed because of someone 's religion . 
  a two second scan from the electronics in the passport is that big of an inconvenience ? 
  theres nothing wrong with a quick passport or id scan when crossing a border until the potential day when eu federalization is complete, 
  you say that as if its a problemeow, 
  considering all the available options i 'm of the mind that partitioning syra in a post ww2 germnay fashion is the least bad route . 
  the real question is will the western world be willing to pay double or more for their fuels to send saudi arabia a message ? 
  despite all the tricolour filters you see on facebook your average person in leeds or new jersey just does n't care . 
  so is the american - but at the same time nothing get 's american blood stirring like the prospect of a fight , even after a decade long one . 
  good . 
  france needs to go in to syria in full force remove isis and assad and reestablish it 's mandate . 
  self governance in a modern world is a failed experiment for these people . 
  haha might as well ban the whole internet, 
  and russian colors, 
  aw carry on lil lietuva, 
  the uk is in prime position to set an example for the rest of the western world . 
  it 's a european country on the front lines of this crisis while at the same time not burdened by a constitution to make necessary changes in times of crisis . 
  the uk needs to break up and relocate heavily concentrated muslim neighborhoods so as to dilute the insular culture that is born from that . 
  muslim religious schools need to be banned , if you do n't like it too bad . 
  these are n't accredited learning institutions that teach to government and societal standards of education - they 're fundamentalist indoctrination centres . 
  a new class of citizenship needs to be devised . 
  one of a probationary status dependent on successful assimilation . 
  as it stands you can be british while not being not british at all , this is unacceptable . 
  what is a country if not a place where people with shared beliefs and values can live and feel safe amongst each other ? 
  except europe is not a monolithic empire but the association of former empires who ' v learned from the failings of the age of colonialism . 
  they lived hard lives and know what it means to struggle . 
  they do n't take their newly attained freedoms for as granted as western europe does . 
  as such they 're much more fervent to keep it so . 
  tolerance is a luxury for peace time . 
  or i could spin it differently and say that such actions have prevented attacks that we will never know about . 
  the apathy of innocent muslims allows the environment of extremism to fester . 
  what the tumblr pc police demographic does n't understand is that while only a small number of muslims in the heartland of islam are violent a majority of said muslims support violence against a woman showing her legs or a gay man or an atheist . 
  it 's easy for a muslim in new york to shout his or her liberal values when there are no repercussions . 
  westerners see this and gain a false sense that the problem is not intrinsic with islam itself . 
  when persecuted peoples and women in mecca take to the streets en mass and stand up to evil then perhaps true change will come . 
  it gets pretty damn cold in edirne too i 'll have to look up what all of those are though, 
  this may lead to a no confidence stance taken among eu nations, 
  who is this fortran ? 
  let all the refugees in . 
  no chance there are bad guys among them . 
  - people who 've never struggled in life, 
  my girlfriend is from sofia so i am by association !, 
  cant wait for the western dollars to get pulled out of turkey, 
  dissent the guise of conservatism to sell to the idiot masses, 
  ayyy u mad, 
  almost all of europe was mortal enemies with some other part of europe in those ages . 
  there was no unified european front save the vatican which claimed it 's own brand of rule over europe . 
  that 's partly my point . 
  the turko influence on eastern and mediterranean europe is an engrained innate part of what makes the various cultures of europe what they are today . 
  if you change anything about the past europe might not be where it is today . 
  turkey is just as much a part of the history of europe for the past 1000 years as any other culture . 
  lol you said actually . 
  so you 're admitting the arbitrary lines drawn in the dirt have nothing to do with geography but everything to do with religion then . 
  geography is just a facade for an obvious agenda . 
  what about bosnia , albania and kosovo ^ and ^ ^ sweden then ? 
  i guess it would be a bit * too * obvious if you were to say they were n't in europe either . 
  east of turkey : `` europe '', 
  antalya up to edirne is all culturally european , it feels more european than many parts of europe do . 
  the mediterranean to aegean coastal regions . 
  as is typical for any country the closer you are to water the more open minded you are . 
  can speak english . 
  i guess that makes brazil and russia quite similar too !, 
  haha you mad, 
  as an anglo-turk i 'll get started on an erdogan one, 
  more than half of the county did n't vote for ak too, 
  same, 
  not happening, 
  in modern banking it 's loaned in to existence , all money is . 
  american turks are overwhelmingly in favor of chp though, 
  well freedoms are not absolute so i dont know what to tell you . 
  you 're not free to do what you want on public land, 
  you 're free to use other modes of transportation within the city, 
  driving is not a human right . 
  or people will drink it anyway to seem cool,
