  would they be in the wrong ? 
  if turkey were to withdraw their presence from cyprus the ethnic turks ( who 've been there fore centuries and can legitimately call that land theirs as well ) would have to endure this kind of intimidation by these golden dawn-esque pro greek nationalist groups . 
  so this is the europe the far right wants, 
  centuries of political strife , war and border drawing has engrained a `` fuck it '' mentality in eastern europeans in regards to politics . 
  another classic case of a more vocal outraged minority giving the illusion of being a majority . 
  history has shown the more outraged and incensed side is more willing to vote , which is what happened here . 
  conservatives are typically the more angry ones as the rural right is just scared of what 's unfamiliar to them . 
  living your whole life in relative obscure isolation in the countryside you 're going to be hostile to unfamiliar brown people . 
  in reality the eu is still pro-eu . 
  damn icelandic fun-robbing socialists, 
  `` guest workers '' germany tried the same thing , 
  if you 're living in a place that wont get affected by this map consider this , warmer oceans will lead to more acidic oceans . 
  when the oceans die we die as much of the oxygen we breath comes from the ocean . 
  so as the swiss look down on the rest of europe from their mountaintops as they usually do , they 'll suffocate ... and we 'll all have a laugh ... from hell . 
  and get immigrants to do all the work , then kick them out, 
  germanic pride, 
  there are several well founded theories that say otherwise , 
  how was the reaction/outrage to the whole catholic pedophilia scandal in ireland ? 
  i imagine that accelerated the liberal swing in ireland no ? 
  within a generation ? 
  that 's a tall task , i 'd love to visit sometime soon, 
  to the romans `` asia '' was the name of a [ region of modern day anatolia ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/roman_empire_trajan_117ad.png ) and not the name of the continent itself . 
  the differentiating of , and very idea of two separate continents did not begin to gain steam until islamic influence grew in the region and christians wanted a reason to separate themselves . 
  the west coast of turkey feels like europe , it feels like it because it is europe . 
  answer me how rhodos , a greek island , is considered by most to be `` in '' europe , while it 's a ) closer to the turkish mainland and b ) east of the turkish west coast ? 
  this applies to many other greek islands too . 
  answer me how this nonsensical geographic argument is used agains ' t turkey 's accession bid but was never brought up when discussing cyprus ? 
  cyprus which is even further east and south of turkey 's biggest cities . 
  answer me how armenia and georgia are considered to be `` in '' europe while being literally hundreds of miles east of turkey 's biggest cities . 
  answer me how everything around turkey is `` europe '' but turkey is not ? 
  a big wall built around us to not include us despite being a huge part of european history for 500 + years ? 
  i 'm telling you the geographic argument is horse shit and it 's a religious border . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  i do n't know who makes these designations but they could n't possibly get away with excluding bosnia & albania from being in europe , at least not without exposing their islamophobic agenda . 
  imagine on wikipedia if the mad of europe had a big hole in the heart of the balkans , so blatant . 
  and who makes these `` decisions '' ? 
  every reputable geologist will tell you europe and asia are part of the same landmass . 
  i 'm telling you it 's a religious and not geographic border . 
  a place that 's more puritan ( so to speak of course ) than america ? 
  i would have never ... 
  israel really ? 
  why do n't you just call san francisco and melbourne `` europe '' at that point . 
  power and wealth are derived directly from land . 
  we mine land , we farm it and live on it . 
  the more land an entity owns the more powerful it is , even if the people living on it do n't see eye-to-eye , as generations pass the younger citizens will eventually be brought into the fold . 
  i agree turkey east of ankara does not feel european but i must say if you take a stroll down the beaches of izmir or antalya , you know the `` asian '' turkey , you 'd feel like you were in spain . 
  western turkey feels more european than many parts of europe do . 
  as a turk i have to say the commonly accepted borders of `` europe '' are bullshit . 
  i maintain if anatolia were still under greek/orthodox control the europe/asia border would be with the middle east and not through the bosphorus . 
  look at the map , the border goes up over and around much of turkey to exclude anatolia but somehow include christian georgia and armenia while they 're much much east of ankara . 
  funny how people in a union where equality is stressed then rush to the defense of a * kingdom * where women have no voice , people are jailed and killed for alternative religious views , there 's no free speech or press , the list goes on . 
  it 's okay to have an intolerance to intolerance . 
  voters will be motivated by their immigration views as much by their economic views . 
  the biggest divide between eu and us these days seems to be centered around tech law, 
  invested too much in east poland, 
  that socialism gives me a boner, 
  because there 's a lot of money in american sympathy, 
  erdogan has his own `` eurasian '' union agenda though it 's more of a neo-ottoman `` eurarab '' agenda tbh . 
  both will fail . 
  the world 'll be a better place without either of these maniacs, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 've yet to see a single piece on any of the american news outlets about the floods, 
  i thought there 'd be more people in bulgaria with ussr sympathies . 
  only a generation removed from the collapse , this is good news actually . 
  this is getting no and i mean no play in the us . 
  blue would win . 
  when that machine starts churning there 's no stopping it . 
  finland too ? 
  fuck , they 'll be so vodka 'd up you could drop a nuke on em and they wont feel a thing . 
  thought they called it sheep, 
  can you access twitter with these speeds ? 
  you 'd rather not have another war, 
  he 's the prime minister , the president of turkey is a figurehead , largely useless . 
  he has been the pm since 03 , it 's only in the past year or two that he 's taken these draconian far right measures , it 's been out of the blue . 
  the 2010 election there was none of this . 
  he was always conservative but still sensible and the economy flourished . 
  so sudden , might want to check his accounts , arab oil money is rather tempting . 
  and right now greece , spain , croatia , portugal , italy , their economies are all in shambles . 
  this ` stability ' you speak of . 
  point out to me an eu member that has n't had its stability threatened in the past century ? 
  you let in practically half of the former soviet union only a decade after the ussrs collapse . 
  please , do n't lecture me on stability . 
  it 's at a tipping point , the military is not on his side but begrudgingly keep in line for now . 
  un sanctions for nations undergoing a coup d'etat are typically harsh . 
  if he tries to hold on to power it can go many ways , decades of unrest and fragmentation , a split into several smaller countries , a quick revolt . 
  none of these options are good but may be necessary . 
  of which ours is n't . 
  our economy is based on being the tollbooth of eurasia :p i think after the collapse in 2008 turkey demonstrated how robust and resilient it 's economy is . 
  unscathed it was , unique to the economies of the other mediterranean nations . 
  not being based on luxury goods and tourism but actual manufacturing , a growing intellectual community and educated populous , and agriculturally self sufficient . 
  next year 's election is a fork in the road for turkey . 
  it 'll either right the ship with erdogan 's ousting or embolden him and assure a return of islamic law with his reaffirmation . 
  my biggest fear is that even if akp lose the election they will either a ) not give up power or b ) cook the books to make it look like they won . 
  kurds and armenians are n't turks because their kurds and armenians , not because they may disagree with what i say . 
  to me they 're welcome in the country . 
  and our freedom of speech is existent , however fleeting it may seem , thanks to the efforts of the kemalists . 
  we could get rid of erdogan , have the strongest economy in the region , and conform to all the recommendations laid out by the eu and turkey still wo n't be admitted . 
  if turkey were n't muslim it would have been a member for 20 years now . 
  what 's that famous thomas jefferson quote about liberty and the tree ? 
  being good obedient citizens is just what the people in power would love , no challenges to their authority .
