  the time for being calm has passed . 
  yeah real turks , those who are against the administration that plots to kill their own people to have an excuse to go to war with syria . 
  good , and my attitude will become more and more jaded . 
  being well behaved , curtailing one 's language , using niceties and formalities are just the things that adolf erdogan would love , having everyone toe the line . 
  nothing disrupts a fascists plans more than an outspoken populous eh ? 
  he and his supporters can move to suadi arabia and enjoy their sharia law . 
  another quality of life poll where scandinavia is on top , we get it , our southern countries suck, 
  slowly but surely the effects of climate change are becoming more and more frequent and more intense, 
  brits are still too nostalgic for the pound , america and deporting eastern europeans so i 'm not sure policy will follow , at least not soon . 
  this goes against the commonly accepted hive mind thought process so it must be false . 
  til / r/vexillology , / r/europe & / r/polandball are different things, 
  corruption can happen in a day . 
  elected today , prick tomorrow . 
  trust me i know ... 
  stay away america you might catch some socialism , it 's infectious, 
  she 's doing too good a job of making it easier for immigrants to take german jobs so she must go , that 's my takeaway . 
  looking at your flair i 'm thinking is that your wet dream ? 
  to think we do n't want in the eu ? 
  i assure you , at least among the kemalists ( real turks ) we 'd still very much love to be brought into the fold . 
  your precious union has been stringing us along for a generation . 
  a carrot on a fishing line gag . 
  you want and need our cooperation but not entirely comfortable with letting us in so you give us this `` separate but equal '' treatment . 
  fuck off he 's not a turk he 's shit, 
  the world is tending towards continentalism so it 's not an absurd prediction . 
  international borders are becoming more and more , lets say , short sighted . 
  there 's a whole universe out there to be colonized . 
  once we start getting our footprints on other worlds with permanent colonies to manage and exploit ^ and ^ never ^ lose ^ dominion ^ over i think then you 'll see a unified earthen government . 
  perhaps a thousand years if we dont ruin our planet or kill ourselves by then . 
  well since the planet 's crust is made up of about 5 % iron i suspect that 's one substance that 'll never * effectively * run out, 
  sorry `` rome '' you 're not getting your capital back . 
  suck it, 
  haha the graphic maker even included east thrace in `` middle east '' agenda confirmed . 
  cunt, 
  most russians would do him/her anyway, 
  probably an atletico fan, 
  all elections are farces , we 're given the illusion of choice . 
  western nations just do a better job of disguising it . 
  just for the accusation ? 
  that 's on some salem witch trial/joseph macarthy-esque bullshit let 's be real , this is an anti-muslim law . 
  i do n't mind though , mooslims are crazy . 
  esti is still culturally an eastern european country . 
  this whole capitalism thing is a bit new . 
  backyard, 
  i think they 're implicitly in nato already in a de facto sense via eu membership . 
  let 's be real , if russia invaded either country it 'd start a war . 
  send erdogan-kenobi packing and our happiness will go up , at least in western turkey ^ the ^ turkey ^ that ^ matters, 
  and a correlation between happiness and faith, 
  why have the color gradient change at .15 , graph maker must want to make a point here ... 
  exactly , theyre just as corrupt, 
  oh god , the 2015 elections cant come soon enough . 
  how fitting that the arabs ^ notturks living in eastern anatolia who do n't even use the internet , that they may keep erdogan kenobi in power . 
  the hammer and sickle rises once more, 
  lovely to see twitter joining in on the corruption . 
  lots of trolls who just want to see the world burn with their downvoting , they downvote ice cream , puppies and porn , these people ca n't be reasoned with . 
  return the republic to the people !, 
  erdogan and the akp can go join the empire they want to revive , join it in the grave where it belongs . 
  blocking youtube just brings more attention to the matter , same with oppressing minority voices , it just makes them louder . 
  when will bad politicians learn when something goes against you to just let it blow over . 
  oh well i love anti establishment riots , reminds these people of who 's in charge . 
  some public hangings in taksim square sounds lovely . 
  kemal would be rolling in his grave . 
  dont blame me for your anglosphere 's implicit alliance . 
  america also drags canada & australia into everything they do but you 're always free to say fuck off like parliment did with syria . 
  america wont be europe 's sword and shield anymore . 
  americans are quite war-weary , the states will need a decade or two to `` recharge '' so to say , or just a year who knows . 
  federalize everything, 
  this clown is trying to revive the empire , except with none of the kick-assery and all of the douche-baggery . 
  twitter gets blocked and i see all these women in headscarves in the pictures , it makes me so very sad :(, 
  in all seriousness though , if turkey proves itself to be a good rusky repellant that in itself would be a good enough reason to allow admittance . 
  but ^ fuck ^ it ^ they 're ^ muslim, 
  ironic since the alevi belief system , although still islamic , is more in line with what it means to truly be a turk . 
  unlike jews in nazi germany the tartars do have a mother country to come to their aid , and quite a powerful one at that . 
  for however strong russia is they do n't want to be fighting poland to the west and turkey to the south , both have formidable armies with scores to settle with russia . 
  more bad looking press for air-dough-han 's administration . 
  the uk is to the eu what texas is the the us . 
  just perhaps a little too stubborn in regards to autonomy . 
  is n't that to be expected in the eu 's most capitalistic country ? 
  the america of europe if you will . 
  the 1 % make it so the rest of the populous has no social mobility , there 's nothing they fear more than an empowered lower class , all in the guise of `` freedom '' . 
  b. . b. . but americans are exceptional !, 
  hey hey oh oh erdogan has got to go !, 
  the joke possibilites , they 're endless . 
  do what the american courts were too scared to !, 
  the right thing . 
  it 's not his fault, 
  the communist principles that promise to equalize the playing field lead to these sort of pictures . 
  the capitalist principles that promise freedom and opportunity lead to these sort of pictures . 
  the problem is human nature . 
  merkel & cameron , two corporate puppets . 
  populist leaders are becoming increasingly rare, 
  the world has been getting smaller tending towards continentalism since the first telegraphs were sent . 
  the decision to federalize europe has already been made , sealed & signed , it 's only a matter of how slow the transition will be . 
  when you stop and think , consider where wealth comes from and where it goes you come to realize we all just work for a handful of families in each of our countries . 
  modern feudalism . 
  i wish it 'd be labeled as such . 
  maybe their leaving is a result of their beliefs . 
  they see where pm fascist face is taking the country and want out . 
  cant blame them , but if all of the akp 's opposite flees instead of opposes i fear for the future of the republic of turkey . 
  it 'll be ottoman time all over again . 
  enter another puppet .
