  its not uncommon for some models to go over 300 miles per charge . 
  haha a saudi woman telling a man what to do . 
  goes to show how deep the irony runs . 
  religious rules only apply to the poor . 
  ask your doctor if oil is right for you . 
  the dutch government has state control over all the coal plants ? 
  when a mouthy muslim tumblr-warrior girl , ( always likely from a western country ) who does n't know any real oppression , talks about how it 's the `` woman 's choice '' to dress in that manner i cringe . 
  even if wearing the burqa was n't forced on her by her husband or father its still a vestiage of 1400 + years of subjugation . 
  your wearing it validates the violations countless women before you had to endure . 
  stupid fuckin self righteous kids these days . 
  the tune of these kids changes real quick when they interact with an american of turkish descent who happens to be im germany . 
  not so tough when they 're talking to someone who they ca n't bullshit . 
  the kids who moved to germnay from turkey in the past few yers are entitled brats who think it 's cool to live a life that they know nothing about . 
  they look back on the empire with some sort of skewed vision and want to act tough and export those values throughout germany . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  meanwhile their parents and grandparents who had to struggle and suffer their way in to germany who grew up in war , they left for europe for security and promise . 
  there 's a difference between a german of turkish descent and a turk living in germany . 
  those with the arrogance to think they can move somewhere and sculpt it to be like their home will never feel welcome . 
  good . 
  stop being implicitly in favor of medieval social practices and norms and maybe your country would be one worth not leaving . 
  it 's easy to blame the troubles on the bad guys but it was up to the people for allowing a space for said bad people to grow in . 
  of course , it all has to do with time zones . 
  london is within europe of course and between asia and the americas . 
  it 's situated in a position that makes it convenient for people around the world based on their hours of being awake . 
  the uk taking after the us model of banana republic , regime pushing , sphere of influeincing and sabotage, 
  aint no party like a balkan party, 
  berniebros across the world unite !, 
  all your answers lay in your good friend turkiye my friends . 
  we 'll hold on to the people in question while you investigate them and if you upset sultan erdogan all said people will just appear in your country the next morning !, 
  le pen is cersei, 
  power rests with those who hold influence over the people holding the guns . 
  the supreme court only directly commands the supreme court 's police department . 
  when the shit hits the fan who do you think the generals , middle officers and grunts will toe the line for . 
  the nationalistic , hoo-rah , strongman is who . 
  if you believe the uk wil actually leave the eu i have a bridge to sell you . 
  the referrendum , if you can even call it that , was a taxpayer funded opinion poll . 
  those with wealth do n't need special programs to get what they want . 
  coming back !, 
  on to macedonia, 
  so all thats left are places to hold it who dont deserve to, 
  so youre telling me hoarding money works for those with lots of money ? 
  i know . 
  and that 's not always the case . 
  it 's a test of wether or not said prejudices are based off of differences in social values or plain ole racism . 
  i 'm light in my skin tone though still visibly not german - but turkish , with my dark features . 
  when i 'm out and about in stuttgart i notice a marked change in tone and attitude in the way people interact with me when i open my mouth after they detect i 'm american , who just so happens to have come from an edirne based family . 
  what 's a common trait amongst most people is the split second of confusion that crosses their face . 
  my point is that bosnia is not the best example to use . 
  ) , they 're all already much more secular-centric than your average arab muslim . 
  would one argue that scandinavian jail has a higher quality of life than cuban freedom ? 
  [ well at least their party logo is cool ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/77/united_russia_logos.svg ), 
  doors are meant to be opened and eventually will be . 
  i do n't get what 's so hard to understand about this . 
  being an american of turkish descent who frequents germany is always an interesting test of local biases and prejudices in germany . 
  missouri lays groundwork for illinois border fence, 
  polls , polls , polls everywhere . 
  so ... malleable are polls . 
  never trust them for a second . 
  it would n't surprise me if the true number is either much higher or lower than this . 
  i just do n't know anymore these days . 
  the turks who influence the belgian officials in to this cowardice should not have the privilege of living in belgium . 
  there 's a big difference between native europeans who are muslims and muslims who move to europe from elsewhere . 
  the people always lose . 
  that money will be wasted, 
  pushing dissidents into an ever increasingly small corner only makes them more desperate . 
  the next coup may not be so bloodless or fail-y, 
  turkey has now filed an extradition petition to berlin for the people behind this magazine . 
  too much growth fueled not by local labor but by foreign investment . 
  all the gains go to our preverbal 1 % but the average laborer makes perhaps the lowest relative wages in all of europe . 
  i thought what made water holy was n't where it 's from ( because it 's all from god anyway supposedly ) but the process of blessing it . 
  ironically though i do n't believe there is a process for blessing water in islam in the same way that exists in catholicism . 
  at least none that i 've observed . 
  see gold but can not into getting . 
  explain joke please, 
  i want to send random large companies with huge accounting departments made up invoices and see who pays, 
  we all know the false equivelency this chart is trying to infer, 
  vote by darts, 
  didnt ' t hitler send emissaries to turkey as he started his reign of terror ? 
  he wanted to enlist turkey on the axis side like italy ? 
  the new republic was like `` not again germany '', 
  the flag tells me it 's in finland * shrug *, 
  but even italy has basic girls, 
  us politics * is * europe politics, 
  `` turkey is not in europe '', 
  you do n't castrate your husbad when he rubs his morning erection on you . 
  if they ca n't `` legally '' identify themselves using the document while it 's their only document they then are * effectively * stateless . 
  in america they 'd hold signs on sticks about this in the streets . 
  glad to see even liberal-to-a-fault netherlands take a strong stance against radicalism . 
  ask your economist if nuclear weapons are right for you, 
  shopped . 
  the mountain to the left of the castle does n't exist . 
  jesus the polling does exist and its easily obtained . 
  asking questions like you dont have google access . 
  25 % think obama is the anti christ 25 % think erdogan should be sultan, 
  its up to the people to attain the facts . 
  the people must be responsible for their choices . 
  think of it as electoral laissez faire . 
  turkey is going to shit because it has dumb citizens and deserves to . 
  finland prospers because the people are generally more learned and measured . 
  the arrow of time only ever moves in one direction and darwinism can not be denied .
