  this must n't be allowed to happen . 
  burn the religious texts and air drop condoms . 
  nothing . 
  but turkiye is coming for your sheep, 
  bring it on akp !, 
  ca n't blame the terrorist attacks as this trend was the case before a few weeks ago . 
  nobody is touching the elephant in the room . 
  westerners have an aversion to muslim places . 
  well when you paint yourself as southern and conservative guns too is going to be the perception, 
  ally with germany they said , german engineering and planning is unbeatable they said, 
  southern , conservative , guns , are we sure bavaria is n't texas ? 
  porsche , bmw , mercedes all from the south of germany . 
  lowly vw ( & audi ) holding it together for the north . 
  [ first thought ] ( https://youtu.be/_tyxs86p-pw?t=1m33s ), 
  do the laws on these matter discriminate between safe and unsafe parts of a country ? 
  i 'm under the impression it sees the country as a whole even if it 's just one square km in a large country . 
  ukrainian refugees perhaps, 
  we put the refugees to work in the salt mines, 
  the land belongs to everybody ^ said ^ the ^ native ^ american ^ to ^ the ^ white ^ man, 
  its very rare for anyone to be 100 % hetero or homosexual . 
  we 're all between the two ends of the spectrum somewhere . 
  its 's more of a gradient, 
  well fuck me sideways first time i 'm seeing it, 
  bulgaria is nice, 
  cant tell if amazingly clever for denmark or typo that paid off, 
  9/10 would anger fuck, 
  what about educated & native english speaking westerners ? 
  generals need to oust this clown . 
  the military has always been the ataturk legacy defenders, 
  makes you wonder if hes behind it all . 
  there were never terrorist attacks in istanbul before the election, 
  by our forces combined ... 
  i do n't want to fight russia, 
  an ak supermajority to change the constitution, 
  ah spreading fear , always the best step 1, 
  right right, 
  parliament building, 
  and it 's all america 's fault !, 
  not into potato and now not into clay !, 
  kurds are in parliament , kurds are our spouses and friends . 
  would you like turkey to mow your lawn for you too ? 
  pkk pose a bigger threat to turkey than isis does so they 'll be dealt with first . 
  the american media and republicans have done a masterful job of convincing americans that isis is an imminent threat that needs to be nuked yesterday . 
  their time will come too . 
  when you have two terrorist groups someone is always going to be mad over who you choose as your first primary focus . 
  dont forget the assad dynamic . 
  the government does n't want to do him any favors by cleaning up isis . 
  the nationalists and conservatives in parliament are clear about syria , every square km cleared out by turkey will remain under turkish control until assad is gone . 
  the mainstream us media makes pkk out to be victims and good guys, 
  you all know , right now . 
  mmm, 
  commoners just dont understand the struggle, 
  im growing mine out, 
  this one time at sharia camp, 
  or an american craft beer aficiando, 
  and a technical perspective, 
  its unfair to judge people through the lens of a different age . 
  as is the case with any lunatic or bratty house cat the best course of action is just to ignore, 
  the loopholes are legion !, 
  that 's what your distant ancestors did to some other poor bloke which allows you to sit where you 're currently sitting . 
  contrary to what we 'd all like to believe , when things break down might has and always will make right . 
  easy to say when ( as an internet user ) you likely live in a country that benefited for centuries from the fluid nature of borders . 
  as a result it set the groundwork for you to live in a comfortable utopia where you can say such hopeful things . 
  what 's the point of countries at all if borders are n't subject to change . 
  just have an entire unified continent ( which much of the eu almost already is ) if it does n't matter . 
  but unfortunately so much of the world is perpetually fighting . 
  as with land law belongs to the side than can enforce it as a result of controlling land . 
  does america 's policy on nukes mirror it 's policy on domestic guns ? 
  the more there are the safer we are ? 
  i 'm sorry but the world is not a better place with more nuclear bombs, 
  your options are as follows : fight them back and hope you can hold them off . 
  cede and assimilate in to russian culture . 
  no sanctions from the un will alter putin 's course and the us will never directly engage with russia , especially in terrain and climates that russia is famous for . 
  i wish i could help and i hope turkey opens the border to georgian refugees too as syrians . 
  in all fairness does n't land belong to whoever can impose their will on it and hold it ? 
  we all live within the borders of whatever country we 're in because some ancestor bludgeoned another guy harder than he got hit . 
  what divine force ruled that borders must remain static ? 
  telling erdogan on yuo, 
  is of byzantium coin from idea seen by greek trader on asia journey !, 
  best realistic scenario : people wise up to erdogan 's plans and more corruption scandals come out . 
  kurds feel more emboldened to speak out democratically . 
  akp lose a few more seats to chp and hdp and fall to ~ 235 . 
  worst realistic scenario : kurds feel disenfranchised or unvalued and do n't take part , hdp fail to get 10 % of the popular vote . 
  akp drums up nationalist support and take votes from mhp . 
  akp gains a majority ~ 300, 
  pre-kebaby kebab leader had dream of moon in sky . 
  made in to battle flag . 
  proto-kebabs went full kebab and star & moon became analogous with islam, 
  coming for those pixels greichland, 
  wonder whether it was akp drumming up nationalist support ... 
  if this rv 's a ` rockin . . is because knife fight . 
  dont knock, 
  there are so many reasons that all contribute . 
  the inferiority complex of the islamic world toward the christian one ever since the age of exploration in which the muslim world missed out on . 
  the overpopulation of a region who 's lack of resources can not support a population that boomed under the riches of oil . 
  but generally speaking it all boils down to education . 
  the dumber you are the more likely you are to want to go kill and be killed over some random old man 's ramblings . 
  combine that with the economic hardships of being daft and isis , the brotherhood that promises you money and girls - the two things horny & broke 19 year old habibi never had , they sound very appealing . 
  when the church anoints a political leader he typically fashions himself as king but in islam the political leader is the religious leader !, 
  wait for the linkages between these two and all turkish people !,
