  reparations pls, 
  uhh i meant in reference to turkey protecting tatars in crimea, 
  which is not a replacement for manufacturing . 
  america has seen its manufacturing juggernaut slowly transform in to a service based economy and it 's suffering . 
  the fundamental flaw with a service economy is that it inevitably leads to huge wealth disparity where the 99 % wait on the 1 . 
  unless you win the birth lottery your avenues for upward mobility in the western world are ever decreasing . 
  the core of the problem is that when a country exports all of it 's manufacturing how can someone climb the socio-economic ladder ? 
  you ca n't driving a cab or cleaning houses . 
  a people does n't need a piece of paper to protect their own . 
  one of the great flaws of capitalism is that unless there is constant and uninterrupted growth the house of cards will quickly crumble . 
  such endless growth is impossible on a planet with finite resources . 
  its not the people that cant coexist its the politicians . 
  your average bosniak and serb only cares about their job and family . 
  sjerb has survived many longs without eu , riches now in sjerb future , not needing eu . 
  stay stronk balkan brother !, 
  this is how cyprus happened a few decades ago . 
  i wonder if turkey moved into crimea to protect said tatars if it 'd be okay because it 's russia and not eu ? 
  well its south of the netherlands, 
  eu please take back your immigrants ^ ^ ( \u00b0 \u0296 \u00b0 ), 
  contrary to popular belief we have the biggest tea problem ^ ^ and ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ not ^ ^ even ^ ^ close, 
  hoping this is sarcasm, 
  you speak of compartmentalizing one 's religious and political beliefs as something that 's easy to do . 
  for the vast majority of people their religious beliefs manifests itself in their voting . 
  with that being said it 's only natural for a population to hold a society back through its laws when a good portion of them believe the planet is a few thousand years old . 
  simply put religious doctrine hampers progress . 
  it by default is exclusionary and insular . 
  move to a coastal city if its in you power . 
  you should n't face such bigotry . 
  some things are thousands of years old . 
  almost as old as the world !, 
  it 'll take the passing of a couple more generations before individual state nationalism has dwindled to the point where a eu can enforce its laws on a populous who 's more inclined to appreciate a ( truly ) unified eu . 
  because some flags incite unrest . 
  a confederate flag in harlem , nazi flag in tel aviv , rising sun flag in beijing . 
  these are all examples of bad ideas . 
  batman i suppose, 
  lets have a 5 war minimum to establish a trend, 
  there was no such thing as belgium then, 
  its not like israel wouldnt tell other people to do with their land, 
  love france for things like this, 
  the not fun bits of turkey pull down the average . 
  the alcohol flows like water in izmir bars :d, 
  the world needs more men like this, 
  if nice big walls and barbed wire fences can work for malta and spain it can work for turkey as well . 
  america already does it along hundreds of miles . 
  this is a physical issue which means if the desire to fix it exists it can be fixed quickly . 
  since candidacy begun the powers in the eu have spoken about turkish affairs with this separate-but-equal mantra , they 'd like to have all the good things we bring to the table without truly accepting us as friends and neighbors and bringing turkey in to the fold in fear of losing a big chunk of power to 75m + voters . 
  germany and france fear losing their voting bloc 's stronghold on the union to a potential british and turkish bloc in eu parliament . 
  what 's `` stupid '' is outright dismissing the notion that religion has anything to do with it . 
  whatever niceties that have been extended to the kurds was done primarily in an attempt by both sides of the turkish political spectrum to build a coalition with the kurdish population . 
  not out of any real desire to bring the kurds into the inner circle of the country 's power unfortunately . 
  so seemingly is the operative word in your point . 
  contrary to what eu media would like you to believe turkey and north cyprus have been more willing to engage in negotiations to solve the cyprus issue than cyprus and greece have been . 
  it 's almost as if the cypriot nationalists want to keep this feud going just to rally support for elections . 
  greece/cyprus rejected a federation solution proposed a few years back with no counter offer or ideas of their own . 
  cyprus wo n't be trusted by ankara to rule the island fully under complete autonomy as turkish persecution is the official policy of many cypriot politicians . 
  it was the very reason for the turkish invasion decades back . 
  guarantees must be put in place to protect the 1/3 turkish majority before turkey will remove its `` northern cyprus '' presence from the island . 
  by german law a third generation german born in germany into an ethnically turkish household should automatically have german citizenship . 
  the rules get fuzzy when dealing with second generation turkish germans . 
  this does n't seem like a huge issue that should prevent a country 's accession though . 
  the border issue has always irked me the wrong way . 
  as if eastern eu does n't border an unstable region , cyprus is a short boat trip from the levant , malta from africa , spain even has exclaves in muslim africa . 
  these other holes in the eu 's castle gates serve as entry points for just as many radical muslims as turkey 's border with greece and bulgaria . 
  i guarantee you if anatolia were under christian greek rule this would n't even be a conversation . 
  so what was the eu 's excuse before gazi park ? 
  nha you 're christian , you 'll get a fast answer, 
  remember to thank russia too :p, 
  losing 90 % of 40 % of the population is an impossibly deep hole for even the best pollsters and campaign staffs to crawl out of, 
  maybe it was a graphic designer at fox who 's secretly a democrat just having a laugh at fox 's expense, 
  its as if it 's a product you can buy . 
  * yeah let me have one large coffee , a lotto scratchy ticket and one of those 10 euro notes . 
  such `` indivisible '' provisions are absurd and tread on subjugation . 
  it 's like a shitty gang or mob rule where once you 're in you can never get out . 
  the power of law belongs with those who can enforce their will . 
  if madrid says no and cata/basque says yes and declare independence the right to rule is bestowed on the side that wins the ( likely ) proceeding war . 
  a yes vote would have hurt the liberals in english big cities the most . 
  the largest leftist voting bloc in parliament would be gone in an instant . 
  this would bring the new uk even closer to america on the political and economic spectrum as a right of right-of-center country . 
  the voices of those in tyneside , manchester , merseyside and blue collar london would be drowned out . 
  turks are a very nationalistic people , its a survival mechanism when you 're sandwiched between two worlds , each world disliking you for being too like the other . 
  the are both nationalistic conservatives and liberal turks . 
  kemmy was quite liberal for a turk of the time as we all know but also one of the most proud and nationalistic turks ever . 
  germans and japanese are just as nationalistic , nationalism itself is n't a demerit . 
  i understand why the eu does n't like the akp but the buffer zone argument is flawed on so many levels . 
  for starters it shows you do n't want to have brown neighbors . 
  europe 's bible belt in favour of weed ? 
  what is this, 
  west good east bad, 
  lookin at you serbia ;d, 
  but said modern day christians arent launching crusades and beheading arab journalists, 
  a typical british ( or american ) muslim ca n't really even call themselves muslim . 
  they drink , gamble , have pre and extra-marital sex , eat pork , typically do n't donate at least 5 % of their income to charity , dont pray 5x a day , rarely ever go to mecca , islamic in name only . 
  i 'm an atheist so i 'm not passing judgement i just find it ironic when these quasi-muslims all of a sudden decide they want to take up the jihad cause . 
  this is a list i was afraid to be at the top of . 
  surprised we 're not actually . 
  there 's a lot of room in between ruthless capitalism and a north korea-like state, 
  ah politics , the illusion of democracy . 
  where you elect someone to make secret back room deals that you have no say in ( because the other guy you did n't vote for would do the same thing too ), 
  i do n't know what the words say but i see the `` red '' parties gained some seats , power to the people !, 
  such a pretty hat lost :(,
