  with the establishment of an independent catalonia cant they then establish their own central bank and guarantee their own public debt ? 
  we speak of these independence movements in a way that unless it 's 100 % seamless it cant happen . 
  these people are n't leaving their countries because they made them in to nice places to live . 
  as opposed to what syria was even before the war ? 
  numbers are of inflate, 
  brits and argentinians are christian . 
  americans and russians are christian mostly . 
  that does n't matter much, 
  balkan love people, 
  yeah . 
  let turkey do all the work . 
  let turkey do the job of buffering eu from the riff raff of the middle east whilst denying turkey eu membership or monies for the task . 
  `` turkey extends it 's beach shore to drown children '', 
  people from the levant , the region that syria , lebanon , jordan , israel , palestine , cyprus and a slither of turkey is in, 
  these . 
  people . 
  do n't . 
  look . 
  levantine . 
  thousands of years ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  ultimately the power rests with those who hold the guns and erdo has gotten rid of many of the secular minded generals , kemal 's `` legacy guardians '' some call, 
  and now they want turkey to keep a flood of muslims off of their pristine green grass on our dime . 
  i say let them flow through freely , erdogan can migrate his ass out of turkey too . 
  that woman 's pretty brave to show that much skin amidst all those muslim men , most of which being raised in an environment that condemns public displays of power and sexuality in women . 
  better than bombs and mines, 
  nato these days basically feels like one big mean momma bear and a bunch of her smaller cubs of varying sizes, 
  how does the first world help the third world to become habitable so mass migration is n't the only option in opposition to squalor ? 
  i feel as if a lack of natural resources in an environment not suitable for populations in the millions is a reason too . 
  where is the water and food coming from, 
  they 're rich and have oil shhhhh do n't speak about it too loudly, 
  there was once a time when vienna was the ultimate goal , 
  another case of the really rich and really poor getting all the help in the world from the governmenn, 
  the eu like any great power needs an internal power balance . 
  the greatest prosperity will be attained if the uk remains to check and balance germany and vice versa . 
  no superpower is feasibly long term if it 's inflexible with a single track mind . 
  which means the mandate for the section option is even more heavy if it wins, 
  quit acting like the eu is needed to make the sun rise in the morning . 
  ireland and uk can easily maintain an open border separate from eu jurisdiction . 
  the sun probably, 
  conversely there 's no concrete expression of power either . 
  but ultimately power always is derived through the people . 
  because when shit hits the fan there are way more people than there are politicians and mob rule rules . 
  could the queen finally choose to exercise some of her authority she still has on the books to push a decision one way or the other opposite of the vote ? 
  seems quite neutral, 
  i 'm 26 . 
  can she adopt me please ? 
  i got the oil . 
  who 's gon na take their shirts off first, 
  the syrian dude at the end has no place picking a fight with someone in his own country as a guest when he 's just being loud and drunk . 
  if you dont like it just go to a different place . 
  guy ruined it for all refugees . 
  the smoking gun italian right wingers need, 
  i feel like these are in the minority considering ultras, 
  thus showing the name predated islam even though you 'd say mohammed is a muslim name, 
  i bet you foamed at the bit to get that out . 
  read my response further down . 
  i know . 
  im saying it 's christian centric meaning the name is typically associated with someone who 'd be of the christian faith even though the name itself predates christianity . 
  the name mohammed predates islam but it would be a muslim centric name for comparison . 
  contrary to popular belief jews in iran are not officially persecuted and have the same rights as any muslim . 
  it 's israel and the israeli government that the ayatollah has beef with, 
  i have american citizenship . 
  i 'm cool, 
  well how about alexandria then ? 
  the only major roman era city in the middle east that maintains it 's christian-centric name, 
  which is why there needs to be a screening process to see who 's compatible with and who is n't with european life . 
  instead all we read here are the lazy ideas like rounding everyone one up . 
  because the irs and state tax agencies in the us are very powerful . 
  the wishy washy attitude toward taxes many people in greece have for example would put you in jail for life in the us . 
  you may be able to skate by in america for a year or two on your returns but not very long after that the government will wise up and come for you . 
  and if you die they 'll come for your bones and use it as fuel . 
  there is no european union without the uk . 
  of course merkel would love to see her biggest competition in brussels out of the way . 
  but unlike unskilled migrants said pensioners are contributing to their adoptive country 's economy . 
  while a federal eu would call for its re-implementation . 
  i ca n't imagine the us with border guards in between each state, 
  instead of phrasing it as a `` tip '' the patron should call it a private monetary exchange with another person . 
  well at least its not all `` greece is poor '' and `` turkey sucks '' posts anymore . 
  * high fives random greek guy *, 
  lots of level headed common folk from big cities like damascus and cairo who are no more muslim than you are christian . 
  cant the eu just paradrop them back on to their own country ? 
  w\u00fcrst idea ever !, 
  beat me to it, 
  you could always put them to hard labor in a colony island, 
  relax must jew sympathy dictate everything we do ? 
  it was dangerously hot and they needed to cool off, 
  who 's we ? 
  nobody here was alive for that . 
  can we stop taking credit for and imposing blame on to people for things that happened centuries ago . 
  my asian steppe brother , we 're cut from almost the same cloth . 
   we could have won it as we had the military power to stop them tends to be the case . 
  ottoman military was spread too thin by the time it reached central europe from the balkans . 
  if the ottomans centralized and focused efforts on just the balkans and anatolia they may have never lost those successive slavic battles, 
  if this is a question based solely on skin hue then yes , most turks are white . 
  if this is a question based on genetic lineage or culture or what have you then there 's no real answer . 
  but all of those were colony based models compared to a of the whole model the ottoman empire was . 
  the proto-empire , hoards of tribes and horseman that moved west from asia were turkic and polytheistic long before islamic . 
  what set the ottoman empire apart from the other islamic caliphates were these turkic traditional roots that islam was incorporated in to , not the other way around . 
  remember unlike most other muslim populations turkic people adopted islam inexplicably after fighting it for so long , it was n't forced on them in defeat .
