  turkey is similar to america in that both countries have about the same percentage of religious crazies ( ~ 25-30 % ) of the population that hold the country back in every department, 
  there 's no law that says a cabinet secretary has to hold the same views as the president , although it is the case 99 % of the time, 
  trump 's opinions change within the hour , there 's no way to keep in line with what he says, 
  on the insane scale mattis is just crazy , and he 's one of the more tempermental and qualified of trump 's picks . 
  because the court has said that parliament must make this ruling there needs to be a snap election to guarantee with this new knowledge that it is indeed the will of the people . 
  shameful ruling !, 
  for better or worse this is an afront to democracy . 
  the people spoke directly without the corruptable middle-man 's say . 
  what is law if not a reflection of the people 's will . 
  wife 's polish . 
  how do you know that it is not also my country as well but i 'm only able to maintain one flair at a time ? 
  the biggest flaw of this forum is how reactive people are solely to a tiny little square of pixels and not towards the content of the author 's writings . 
  i. . . uh . . well yes . 
  was n't speaking literally, 
  if you consider consider human genealogy as a timeline and that timeline represented as pages of a dictionary . 
  the split , or divide , or breakage from a common branch between people who now populate france to those who populate the british isles would n't even represent the thickness of a page . 
  do n't get hung up on relatively new labels . 
  she 's speaking about the `` superiority '' of the white race in general and anglo-saxon is what came to mind . 
  ayyy, 
  how gaudy , how naples . 
  like america . 
  because of the staunch catholicism in poland the stigma and social pressures wo n't allow a woman to reveal her abortion . 
  that number is surely inaccurate by orders of magnitude . 
  the vatican really should be in poland, 
  someone hasto pick up the slack for nasa, 
  a race to the bottom where the middle class will get squeezed to foot the bill because the government wont reduce spending . 
  businesses get to see their shit to people who have no money for free off the backs of slave wages in southeast asia . 
  the reason as to why american cars are n't as `` good '' as european , specifically german cars has more to do with geography than you think . 
  to put it simply , because america is vast and open it 's roads are mainly straight . 
  because of this , refined and nuanced handling as a result of more sophisticated suspension design is n't stressed . 
  also because of that same reason the cars can of course be bigger and have more un , or improperly sprung weight . 
  the american geography lends itself from getting from a to b as fast as possible and the large displacement tradition of american power-plants reflect this . 
  whereas in european cars the ability to navigate the tight , narrow and winding roads that were mostly built before cars is preferred and european cars reflect this . 
  additionally america has this sort of machismo , `` authentic '' every-man , anti-intellectual , anti-elegant thread that runs through it 's culture ; there is a heavy correlation between that attitude in america and where in america the roads run straightest as well . 
  is there one country who 's `` green '' party has more than just a token , protest voice in government ? 
  a country where the green party actually has real governing control or influence ? 
  still can not into, 
  chocoboru, 
  manhattan before it was cool, 
  when israel encompasses more arab land and people their share goes down . 
  when the winds blow in the opposite direction a feared leader will be abandoned . 
  if russia were america the green would rule the red, 
  britain rules the waves ? 
  the reckoning will come, 
  italy is america, 
  nutjobs, 
  trump will bring erdogan and putin together . 
  world peace . 
  nobel prize for trump, 
  if theyre too `` hot '' to preach in their own country then it 's okay to not let preach in your country . 
  it 's okay leftists , calm down . 
  you pay fees to sell your shit in another country, 
  that ole thing, 
  hed say nothing because he 's dead and the world belongs to the living . 
  land belongs to those who can hold it . 
  under the veneer of civility might always has and always will make right . 
  cocaine, 
  there you have it . 
  antalya & edirne are lovely too, 
   izmir there you have it, 
  these little shit stains mean nothing and just offer opportunities for politicians to pander to idiots . 
  well that is the end goal . 
  there 's a microphone in the filet mignon !, 
  the best part of not being in the eu is that sweet succulent conversion rate . 
  bettr than fascism, 
  italy just wouldnt be italy if that was n't the case . 
  in fact i 'd argue the next italian leader to enjoy a long reign wo n't be a very nice individual . 
  the revolving door aspect of italian politics may keep things from getting done but it sure keeps totalitarianism at bay . 
  turkey could use some of that right meow . 
  ugh isis is so 2015 whatever, 
  and if the coup succeeded they 'd ruling, 
  civil ... law ? 
  it was a proposal with an eye on giving a ruling minority the ability to run roughshod over the rest of the country really . 
  will work for bread, 
  its ' a mee !, 
  luigi !, 
  these are just repackaged surplus doodats from old promotional campaigns, 
  its not a matter of who will be before the other . 
  it 's wether europe becomes at all . 
  when xenophobia and suspicion rules it becomes easy for said hostilities to turn to your neighbor . 
  it pains me to say it but i think turkey , due to the underlying foundation of islam is better suited to survive fascism and strongman rule than western europe is . 
  thats what erdogan wants . 
  i think anyone with a brain knows said coup was staged as well . 
  were at a time where europe , or at least it 's current slate of leaders need turkey 's cooperation more than turkey needs theirs . 
  which will only turn europoean nations even more conservative and tending towards fascism which 'll only act to destabilize the continent . 
  this may , * may * , work in turkey 's favor if it can maintain itself as a strong and stable country , whatever its political or religious ideologies may be . 
  businesses want to put their fortunes in nations that offer stability and predictability . 
  capital does n't care what god you worship as long as you can protect it 's gold . 
  if everything goes to erdogan 's plan it could sow the seeds for prosperity or if it does n't it 'll sow the seeds for war . 
  it 's a high risk-high reward game he 's playing . 
  that was my country all right, 
  lots of vile bills are tabled all around the world, 
  whoooo wants more refugees !!, 
  hahaha you havent been watching 2016 have you . 
  that doesnt mater & neither do polls . 
  people are angry, 
  the chances of trump being elected were small too at some point . 
  never underestimate, 
  typically america is where is marginalized minorties flock to when parties like these take hold . 
  but at least for the next 4 years even that 's out of the question , at least for the muslim ones .
