  protesting the powers that be , if anything , is a confirmation of western and european ideals . 
  instead of joining the rank and file of a neo-ottoman akp ruled modern caliphate . 
  if you 're denying the fact that each eu civilization has at some point in it 's history been responsible for at least one atrocity you 're being delusional . 
  you do n't have to educate me on the repercussions of turkey 's candidacy . 
  with that being said the eu 's carrot on a stick gag in regards to turkey 's bid did at least in some measure pave the way for erdogan 's abandonment of western ideals . 
  if you look back on his first two terms he was rather keen on making the changes necessary for admission . 
  [ look at the negotiation progress , great strides had been made . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union ) but he and the akp grew tired of being endlessly baited along with no clear answer in sight . 
  i felt as if the eu was giving us the `` separate but equal '' treatment . 
  europe needs turkey just enough to appease turkey with candidacy but europe is not fully welcoming of 70 million muslims so a real decision will never come about . 
  with that erdogan abandoned the bid and focused on ensuring turkey 's power through it 's own means rather than via an economic bloc . 
  the elephant in the room is most definitely islam though , and rightly so . 
  the principles of the faith itself , even to a casual worshipper are at odds with european ideals . 
  it 's not just the extremists , your ordinary average muslim has little tolerance for women 's rights , gay rights , freedom to dissent or alternative faiths . 
  erdogan has been america 's puppet since akp rose to power . 
  it 's just a theory but the elements that make up the theory are truths . 
  weapons have been shown to be transported from turkey to syrian rebel strongholds and areas that are now firmly under isis control . 
  the erdogan administration and the us government have for the past decade been staunch supporters of one another . 
  america is now engaging in a another iraqi conflict . 
  if what i said is not the truth i do n't expect the real truth to be so far off from it . 
  spain finland and uk have also been staunch supporters of turkey in the eu as well . 
  it 's a topic that 's been pushed to the back burner by the islamist regime who 've thrown western ideals out the window not because there 's no will for it , at least in western turkey . 
  every eu country had reasons to deny it admission in to the eu . 
  if you 're looking to witch hunt you 'll always be successful , the internet is a great place for confirmation bias . 
  but it was made to prey upon our inner bigotries, 
  only far right tories and ukipers would frown on him even if he 's open about his romanian citizenship . 
  italy and germany : of course, 
  it 's a joint venture between the us & turkey . 
  turkey arms and bolster isis so america can move in and engage in another decade long war to propagate america 's war economy . 
  white = pure , black impure . 
  it 's a subconscious preconception, 
  the point is there 's lots of bullshit on both sides, 
  that specific idea itself wo n't go anywhere but if that 's the mindset of the ruling party in turkey oppressive mysoginist laws are n't too fat behind . 
  we need n't any of the niceties associated with large famous cities , just a humble blue collar shipping labour town, 
  aye well you can attest to how uhh ... lets just say uninspiring some of our cityscape can seem . 
  properly dank, 
  you heard about that too eh . 
  in a nutshell coastal cities are where you 'll have the greatest interaction with people from alternative cultures and places , when you 're more familiar with differing cultures you 're less fearful and suspicious of them . 
  no , social views in relation to geography is a gradation from west to east . 
  as with most other countries the closer to a coast you are the more liberal you 're bound to be , being further inland makes you geographically and mentally insulated . 
  turkey fought what was in effect a civil war for the birth of the republic essentially along similar ideologies , thanks in part to your country as well . 
  there is n't not a precedent for it, 
  hope sarcasm, 
  despite the liberal vs conservative rift nationalism is still strong on both sides . 
  but to the average turk nobody really gives a shit it 's the politicians who condemn the rest of the country to bad policies based on their egos really . 
  what i mean to say is there is no difference in either side as we really do n't care about the conflicts of yesteryear and like our greek brothers who we are more in common with than we 're led to believe , many of us are genetically greek to begin with . 
  progressive and secular european west vs agrarian and conservative islamic east . 
  each side would claim to be the `` real turkey '' a la prc vs roc , rok vs dprk, 
  now there is, 
  [ view from liverpool ] ( http://s.hswstatic.com/gif/prison-5.jpg ), 
  well it does look mediterranean to be fair, 
  now if albania , kosovo and b&h were not to be considered `` europe '' that would would be too painfully obvious, 
  civil war and a split into 2 countries may be inevitable, 
  i fear for the future of women in turkey now, 
  sweden or caribbean ? 
  you would think turkey has a place in europe with pictures like this ... 
  asia was originally just the name of a small portion of anatolia on the eastern aegean coast . 
  the asia/europe border is a religious not a geographic one . 
  belarus is still russia 's baby, 
  kemmy would be rolling in his grave, 
  do n't go too far back in time for the good ole days or you 'll get to islam 's golden age, 
  where has the world seen this before, 
  just cover yourself in olive oil for a good time :d, 
  in regards to point 5 , these `` conservatives '' you speak of , none ( or an insignificantly small amount ) of them were alive before the birth of the republic . 
  what did they lose ? 
  they were born in to a europeanized/westernized nation and are just using fundamental islamism to push their political agenda as it 's a great way to sell that `` the good ole days '' attitude to many ignorant people out there . 
  the spoils of conquest include the natural resources of that land . 
  property belongs to those who can exert their will over it . 
  that gas is now rightfully russia 's . 
  in the country 's most liberal counties ukip should be getting drowned out, 
  and the near asian ones that rebuilt a certain country after a certain war . 
  the overwhelming majority do * it 's the few that do n't that stick out in people 's minds and influence them at the polls . 
  ill get right on it chap, 
  so do we :( islamism is on the rise here and around the rest of the underdeveloped world . 
  the us has the tea party causing a mess of things , ukip etc etc what 's with this sudden rise of right wing movements around the world ? 
  i ca n't see how so many people are behind this crap ? 
  now that golden dawn has a eu seat i wonder how much that 'll embolden them ? 
  with all the talk why do n't they ever put their money where their mouth is and try to march over the border ? 
  as if these people have been alive for those thousands of years ? 
  we 're all living in an increasingly smaller world that 's tending towards continentalism . 
  if you ca n't live amongst your neighbors and accept them you 're just living in the past . 
  the days of warring your neighbor over the most inconsequential of things are ( should be ) over . 
  as if it 's easy for them to uproot and move even with open borders . 
  ukip just pinning the blame on other people for their own blunderous governance . 
  immigrants typically work harder than natives as they try to assimilate and be accepted . 
  in actuality they 're the last ones to blame . 
  they just make a good scapegoat for the uneducated . 
  it 's painful because this far right shift is not representative of people 's true feelings . 
  only the most upset go out and vote and it 's always conservatives who 've the most to complain about . 
  a 100 % turnout election would see ukip get a couple of seats . 
  northwest sending 3 ukips and no lib-dems ... the fuck merseyside :(, 
  europe 's tea party, 
  can into eu now ? 
  how dare you steal glorious film !, 
  more austerity for you, 
  i wonder how this election would be different if turkey was a member with it 's estimated 90 or so mps . 
  politics sees strange bed-fellows at times , i could see a strange alliance between turkey 's akp contingent and the ukip, 
  the ukip *, 
  trying to think of an analogy to make to illustrate my point . 
  say hypothetically , israel existed before ww2 and carved a chunk out of germany to protect it 's people after a war , a place where the jewish people could live in peace .
