  - allah akbar my nut sack is freezing, 
  lots of string, 
  science , math , medicine , cartography and exploration were all fields where the islamic world excelled over the christian-european one until not too long after this map . 
  the reason why much of europe even knows about it 's rich history is because of muslim record preservation of greek texts . 
  that unguarded austria czech republic border . 
  imagine all the lives lost in that forest through the centuries, 
  i wonder who gets more political brownie points from this . 
  akp who want to seem more nationalistic after the election . 
  mhp who always get wet any time the military is used , especially against kurds . 
  or ironically maybe even dhp who can sever ties with the radical pkk and be seen as coming even more in to the fold of turkish politics . 
  the difference between a terrorist and a baddie is if he 's muslim , unless he 's a kurdish muslim then hes promoted back to baddie, 
  akp has no true intention of forming a coalition . 
  this is all to drum up nationalist support for the akp from mhp voters in a future re-election . 
  catholic church, 
  anything to undermine religion, 
  the irony of all this is splendid, 
  a new zealander and welshman share a tear today, 
  isis cant legitimately call themselves a caliphate without controlling the capital of the last true caliphate ironically, 
  your weekly dose, 
  you havent been following i see, 
  pkk are a terrorist group with a common enemy in isis so it gives the perception that they 're friendly . 
  kurds now have a big voice in parliament . 
  the sensible ones dont support the pkk and turkey recognizes kurds as citizens with full rights . 
  get over yourself . 
  cyprus is in the midst of reuinifaction talks and turkey is bombing isis . 
  relax, 
  isnt the penis size bell curve equally distributed across all races, 
  africa is rich in resources though . 
  russia 's still big as fuck, 
  scandinavia : yolo, 
  not cowards , baguettes are great where ever theyre made , only saw one beret and one mime in paris , women were all shaven , i was all around disappointed , would re-visit ^ ^ illegally ^ ^ emigrate again for sure though, 
  the slavic countries have always been especially averse to homosexuality , i wonder why this is . 
  we just got electricity !, 
  our weekly edition of `` lets make people hate turkiye more '' fodder, 
  its fuzzy math, 
  the nation-state that you 're thinking of is , in the context of the entirety of human civilization , very new . 
  countries come and go all the time , culture remains . 
  female genital mutilation , shit like that, 
  your idea of a country is one that exists only in a fairy tale world, 
  i like coptic egyptians , etheopians and mexicans, 
  first thought : time for greece to flip the script on this one, 
  the homogeny of each country in europe *, 
  i see no reason to oppose this peace/unification deal from a nationalistic turkish perspective . 
  we 're not claiming northern cyprus as turkey . 
  turkey 's influence there is to protect it 's ethnic diaspora . 
  turkey is n't going anywhere , we 'll always be right here so the turkish cypriot population will always be protected from persecution . 
  let it happen and put this chapter to bed, 
  europe 's homogeny is under threat . 
  every country is n't under an obligation to be like america , it 's okay to not be a melting pot . 
  in fact the very idea of a country is a place where people who have shared interests , beliefs and culture can feel most comfortable amongst each other . 
   kaliningrad i always forget about this place, 
  like america , it 's a mob agreememt . 
  once you 're in you can never leave . 
  federalization is the ultimate goal and result of the eu . 
  every grand idea had a rough beginning, 
  / u/smartare is var, 
  can we get a pre-ama badge to denote how cool we are for being subscribed before the meltdown, 
  crank that ode to joy, 
  but no natural hotspring tubs, 
  see where your allah has landed you , in a pen like dogs . 
  as has been the case for thousands of years it once again falls on european culture to teach basic decency to others . 
  this is not a case of `` it 's okay becuase it 's foreign '' or , `` it 's not the west 's place to impose '' . 
  there is a double standard here and i 'm fine by it , western culture is simply better and the rest of the world needs to conform to it . 
  nothing in a pro western country should be mandatory, 
  sheep, 
  no post on sunday, 
  [ not the weapons cache again ] ( http://www.crashonline.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/111115-507x600.jpg ), 
  are you ? 
  nypd makes another minority sad :'(, 
  guess i should `` recalculate '' my borders too ;d, 
  didnt like yalls anyway, 
  can spain afford a military campaign to keep catalunya in the country if they want to take it that far ? 
  no confidence , dissolve parliament ? 
  pretty average . 
  [ what he 's trying to say is ... ] ( https://img.4plebs.org/boards/o/image/1396/03/1396032120878.png ), 
  we 'll take our diaspora back if eu lets us ... `` assume greece 's debts '' ;d, 
  a simple stay in eu or leave eu would have been more powerful and truth telling . 
  the wordage of the referendum was conflicting in itself . 
  greece could n't not pay it 's denbts but remain in the eurozone , at least not easily . 
  taxes raised and retirement age raised , those are no small measures . 
  in any country any one of those two items would endure months of ruthless debate and campaigning , greece just passed both of them in a few days . 
  oooh i love when mps vote against their party . 
  unlike in a presidential government when this happens in a parliamentary one heads usually roll after in some way !, 
  chp always seemed the most likely . 
  mhp is too extreme to ally with anyone and hdp is too opposed to ak 's policies . 
  if ak puts the islamist agenda aside and reverts to a pre-2012 stance on things they and chp could get a lot done . 
  its a game of hot potato in the eyes of western and northern europe . 
  erdogan has been too quiet lately, 
  so beautiful, 
  i wish this was real : /, 
  no it 'd be called the `` eastern european union '' of course, 
  so we can form an eastern mediterranean union with greece , 
  so then finland will get nothing, 
  and as such it 's always begged the question why even remain the eu . 
  the uk is part of the eu in name only it seems . 
  in recent years the uk has been taking increasingly american-esque stances aligning itself more with the western hemisphere . 
  that was a choice by the uk but that does n't absolve the uk from the financial responsibilities of helping securing the eu 's borders . 
  on a personal level , just because you choose not to collect a benefit when you 're eligible for it does n't mean you 're free from paying the taxes needed to fund said benefit . 
  greece has always enjoyed a unique situation until recent years . 
  it was the only schengen country to not have a direct land path to the rest of the eu .
