`` phobic '' implies a fear , i would n't say they 're afraid of the irish necessarily, 
  brothels and beaches, 
  nope ... 
  saying white people are shitty workers is racism . 
  saying irish have a drinking problem is culture-ism ... ? 
  still waiting on the cheeky balotelli comment, 
  rome giveth and rome taketh, 
  top kek, 
  they sound more like muslims than russians to me, 
  5 years ago many western governments took a sudden right shift enacting severe austerity measures . 
  it seems as if in a knee-jerk reaction the industrialized world is going through a leftist `` revolution '' of sorts . 
  just an observation . 
  i imagine this is close to a 100 % reserve bank ? 
  a bank who 's business model is based more on protecting rather than re-investing deposits , rare these days . 
  you 're essentially paying them to protect your money a glorified vault essentially . 
  it would have been much worse if it were in montreal, 
  land belongs to whoever can exercise their authority over it . 
  the un could say no no no all it likes but if they ca n't forcibly remove russia from crimea then it means nothing . 
  if everyone had that attitude it will be hopeless, 
  they have the guiltiest guilt trip at their disposal , there 'll come a time when germans say `` alright enough it was x years ago get over it , its time for germans to set german foreign policy '', 
  upset with your internet in europe ? 
  protest upset with your internet in america ? 
  leave a voicemail that this number, 
  a good guy with a gun will protect you from cholesterol though, 
  that sure looks like a presidential election map of america, 
  you 're right , there are turks who have whiter-than-snow skin and blonde hair , they appear scandinavian , and there are turks who look very dark and arab . 
  they 're turkish by nationality and ethnicity but their ancestries can be tracked back from eastern europe and southern asia respectively . 
  turk ** ic ** peoples though are eurasian . 
  their population ranges from the caucuses to mongolia . 
  visually they can be identified by high cheek bones with pale skin and dark features . 
  think of non blonde and slightly darker russians . 
  removing islamists is a good thing, 
  there were no nation states when otto came to town . 
  your `` identity '' was tied to your faith largely . 
  in most cases , in europe faith superseded race , culture and language in determining what you are . 
  it 's why you see turks who `` look '' greek and greeks who `` look '' turkish . 
  conflict and conquest brought more cultural diffusion than rigid national borders do . 
  it 's all a ruse to settle tensions with the eu , he 's saying the right things sure but he 's still a puppet of the akp/erdogan . 
  do n't buy his bullshit . 
  depends on what you 're eating along with it . 
  provolone , feta , munster are all delicious to me . 
  ka\u015far sprinkled over a fresh lahmacun makes an excellent turkish pizza . 
  with of course a big cup of black tea and a bowl of fresh tomatoes coated in olive oil and pepper . 
  we all skirt around the idea that country may split in two as if it 's so unthinkable . 
  lots of places would be better off with an east/west split ... 
  did n't think of it that way , thank you . 
  the un is a joke it has no power to enforce it 's will if the un 's agenda does n't fall in line with america 's . 
  it 's a declawed and dysfunctional organization . 
  nothing can ever get done because it 's essentially a 5 member group where each of the 5 members has the power to handcuff the other 4 unilaterally . 
  eu+nato and a few others make up the `` west '' it 's basically a grouping of all the industrialized first world nations . 
  after heavy lobbying turkey loses out , likely a direct result of hesitant action against isis and other violations by the akp . 
  a few more gut checks like this will hopefully send a message to erdogan-kenobi and co. that their brand of governance wont get them anywhere . 
  or because they 're so knuckle-headed they 'll just use it as a reason to further alienate the west and go it alone with their neo-ottoman agenda . 
  true . 
  what about gold ? 
  fusing gold ca n't really be done on big enough scales to be efficient . 
  an enormous amount of energy for a few micrograms if that . 
  now we 're treading close to blatant racism . 
  what gives any peoples the right to be the decider in chief of what makes anybody anything ? 
  my ancestors made their way into europe by way of the sword this is true , but so did yours . 
  does it give you the right to call my ethnicity and culture `` non european '' because your ancestors conquered deeper into europe earlier than mine ? 
  english are not indigenous to europe or britannia either , nobody is , we 're all african . 
  it was thanks to the efforts of many muslim turks and arabs during europe 's dark ages who chose to preserve so much of what know about `` european culture '' that you even know of to use as ammunition against me while on your pedestal . 
  diamond and gold hold so many valuable uses in the fields of science , technology , and manufacturing it 's a shame that they 're almost entirely reserved for frivolous usage as `` precious '' minerals . 
  they 're just atoms . 
  slovenia is so interesting in that it combines the efficiency in governance of a nearby central european country with just enough corruption of a nearby eastern european country . 
  this is becoming an increasingly common and ignorant response to issues that involve turkey . 
  firstly , the geographic argument against turkey 's association with europe is one of convenience for those who harbor turkophobic feelings . 
  if anatolia were still under orthodox greek rule the accepted european/asian border would not be the bosphorus but somewhere around the syrian/iraq/iran border . 
  secondly , cyprus is on the asian continent so their issues need n't be included in this sub either then correct ? 
  thirdly , the greek island of rhodes and several others in the dodecanese are further south and east of some of turkey 's biggest `` asian '' cities . 
  fourthly , `` asia '' was the name of a small province of greek anatolia and was not used to describe the continent as a whole until after ottoman conquest . 
  fifthly , lets take a country of similar size to eastern thrace , say for example holland , then lets give them a whole swath of territory that they own anywhere else in the world . 
  because they own territory that is `` outside of europe '' no matter how vast it may be , does it make the part that lay within europe any less european ? 
  was the united kingdom and less a part of europe because ( percentage wise ) a similar portion of the empire existed outside the bounds of europe ? 
  sixthly , i do n't care what you think but izmir and antalya feel more european than many parts of europe do even though they 're `` asian '' . 
  seventhly , did i mention that cyprus is an asian island ? 
  eighthly , is n't it funny how the bounds of europe ( politically ) stretch north , south and around turkey but take extra care to exclude as much of turkey as possible ? 
  to include georgia and armenia which are so obviously east of anatolia and cyprus which is south and east , it makes the intention of political cartographers so apparent . 
  if you 're christian you 're in but if you 're muslim then do n't mind as we carefully draw a circle of exclusion around you . 
  [ my point ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vdovkr9.png ) just admit `` europe '' is a religious designation and leave the geographic argument out of it . 
  ninthly , this is a sub that discusses the issues that face europe , not issues that take place solely within the confines of europe . 
  matters that happen with the us , australia , japan etc. 
  they 're all linked here as well if it concerns europeans . 
  all i read is : `` we must continue to be the teet of poison milk for the mediterranean eu so they continue to rely on and empower us '', 
  blind acceptance or acceptance in the pursuit of elitism is just as bad as bigotry . 
  that vibrance slider, 
  turkey compared to 10 years ago is less liberal , compared to ottoman days is very much more liberal . 
  i think ( hope ) what turkey is going through now is just a downward drop in an overall upward trend . 
  two steps forward one step back sort of thing . 
  one of the few polls where turkey out-liberals most of europe . 
  you made it a point with your ftfy, 
  jew-friendly ftfy anti-semitism is more common than you might think in america, 
  when most americans outside of nyc are n't particularly jew-friendly but their government is . 
  the average user of r/europe is a bit more educated and caught up on economic and world affairs . 
  to the average briton it would be shocking, 
  the uk is becoming more and more like the us, 
  [ well idk if you 'd call it the `` bible '' belt but the idea is the same ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ituutgv.jpg ), 
  for 2 centuries merseyside was on top of this list :(, 
  this weekend does n't feel as shitty now,
