  greece basically reaped the benefits of being schengen without having to deal with many of the responsibilities . 
  greece did n't stress those responsibilities as since greece had no land path to the rest of the eu it was n't a target for illegal migrants to flock to , unless greece itself was their destination . 
  migrants would of have to travel to central eu via sea or air through greece , this is much more difficult . 
  now that migrants can essentially get anywhere in the eu by land via the greece-bulgaria-romania-central europe route greece has become an increasingly popular landing spot . 
  conversely and contrary to what people think turkey is n't as big a conduit for arabs . 
  because of our relatively short and ( now ) well patrolled borders with greece and bulgaria a land migration route is n't all that easy in to the eu . 
  turkey is more the final destination for migrants than just a bridge . 
  uk is part of the whole now . 
  if the uk want 's to enjoy the benefits of being in the eu this is just one of the whole 's responsibilities . 
  just like taxes you arent always going to see a direct benefit to you from the monies you put in . 
  i agree, 
  how else can we appease you ? 
  is of christian lebanon, 
  i hear you guys are looking for more populations ? 
  everyone is angry over squiggly marks next to a score sheet i love it !, 
  balkan love is best love ^ ^ kebap ^ ^ stronk, 
  making implications without even knowing all the facts are we, 
  vexillological shit, 
  erdogan is jesus confirmed, 
  martinique * is * france and therefore * is * europe , martinique is hotter than istanbul , europe is hotter than turkey . 
  gib heat back, 
  that might work , until the refugees realize dusseldorf is way nicer than < insert random eastern anatolian city here  and stay anyway :d, 
  we want islands too, 
  what would your response be if i did n't have any flair, 
  conversely one would say serbia 's response to this outcome would be indicative of just how pro-western serbia really is . 
  citizenship can not ( or should not ) be stripped from a human without due process . 
  a country leaving a bloc is not due process on an individual level . 
  at least that 's my opinion . 
  albania , kosovo , and bosnia are not christian by majority either . 
  came here for the clever and unexpected jokes, 
  but you have enough bullets to kill every human on the planet . 
  more ? 
  america has the money , more than anyone else , it 's just wasted . 
  but what if the two strongest were split between the tiger and mammoth ? 
  the energy spent to get the mammoth in proportion to the energy returned via meat far outweighs that of the sabertooth, 
  maybe the us 'll come in and give greece ( and us ) some of those sweet succulent dollars to remain in the west again , 
  the idea of majority rules goes way before greece . 
  two cavemen want to hunt the sabertooth , five want to hunt the mammoth , they get the mammoth . 
  it 'll be advertised as a choice between losing more money or greece joining russia by rival campaigns, 
  the mechanisms in a human 's psychology that leads one to have a gang mentality also make another person nationalistic . 
  you ca n't get blood fr a stone . 
  without the threat lf military action ( or imprisonment in the case of an individual 's loan ) the loanee of a defaulted loan has a lot more power than is realized . 
  if the loanee is already in a position where it ca n't repay you 'll only make the debtor more dispondant and less agreeable by demanding more of them . 
  good for greece . 
  this establishes a precident where the loanee has more power than before . 
  a borrorwer should ` nt be indentured to the lender when it 's realized the loan is overly usurous and unfair . 
  secondly , when federalization is the ultimate goal of the eu , when greece is taken in as part of the whole , a loan should n't be the mechanism used for the eu to help itself . 
  the goal of a loan is profit . 
  an entity should n't profit from repairing itself . 
  the politicians want to remove themselves from the responsibility of such a tough choice . 
  the faults of representative democracy are a lot worse than the faults of direct . 
  what would your response be if i did n't have flair, 
  but is n't europe responsible for the centuries of colonialism that turned the middle east and africa in to vassal states exploited for their resources . 
  now that the time to pay the bill has come europe wants no part of it . 
  how does that video have 80 % downvotes ? 
  people really do n't like having their preconceptions refuted i suppose . 
  and that first video , oh allah those tits . 
  i aught to go back to istanbul some time . 
  into economic conquest, 
  you say that as if downstate ny could n't make an interstate deal to buy the electricty and water . 
  amsterpool, 
  downstate ny has a better claim on the name ny, 
  old new amsterdam, 
  cartman was right, 
  what would happen if the debt were just forgiven ? 
  being part of the eu it 's almost like the eu gave itself money , necessary to keep itself alive . 
  why would someone be usurous towards theirself . 
  but if they wanted to the us does what the us does and the rest of the world just has to live with it . 
  erdogan and his cronies are powerless to wipe their own ass . 
  they need mhp 's begrudging support in hopes to get anything done . 
  if akp oversteps the military is now in a better position to take control as in previous coalition governments . 
  ak 's mandate has been publicly crushed . 
  pump the brakes there chief, 
  the president is n't the commander in chief in turkiye, 
  and it 'd be another unstable mideast state as fear and hate sells so the nutjobs would gain power and rule, 
  a minority does n't get to carve a slice out of a country because their views are different . 
  no nation owns any people . 
  turkish kurds are tirkish and follow turkish law . 
  they 're now represented significantly in parliamemt so they have more reason to . 
  what they do south of the border does n't matter to me . 
  nobody takes him seriously and his mandate has been diminished this is nothing but lip service, 
  putin can get everyone to like him again, 
  self driving cars will come for all their heads, 
  hirarious, 
  they come to europe for a better life and to escape muslim persecution only to receive more of it again from their old neighbors . 
  arab muslims view arab christians in almost a traitor-like fashion . 
  it 's sick . 
  muslim migrants need to learn to keep their head down and assimilate . 
  what happened to all that `` modesty '' islam loves to tout on about . 
  the jews did this, 
  knew this would be posted, 
  well done, 
  where are the lines of blow, 
  but they wont let us in the eu then, 
  vienna would have made a lovely capital :(, 
  devout muslims do n't understand that there exists a world outside of theirs . 
  what about the people who have aks and would say yes ? 
  his mandate was publicly and undeniably crushed in the recent election . 
  the party you do n't want akp to ally with, 
  we 'd be excluded from their `` east europe '' map i bet :(,
