  do i hear calls for a reuinted yugo ? 
  the u20 mens world cup seems bigger than the women 's senior event, 
  turks are horny bastards, 
  shalom, 
  im glad the flag on the moon has been bleached by now . 
  it 's a human achievement, 
  isnt austerity was dug greece in to a bottomless pit when they were really in a trench, 
  it was a joking reference to the american civil war due to president_klaus ' flair and comment `` it is n't really a union '', 
  so they basically just took the american pharmaceutical model and they 're now trying it out in greece, 
  the north benefiting off the backs of the south, 
  practically every eu country is a border country . 
  always so much doom and gloom from the power brokers in the eu if you do n't toe their line . 
  i and i suspect most greeks grow tired of their tough language and posturing . 
  prez 's got ta prez, 
  at this point i just think comments in this realm are meant to farm karma points, 
  ak would have lost 1 more seat, 
  600 trees from seed or sapling ? 
  we 're talking about a huge difference in work here, 
  my first name is a last name , and my last name is a woman 's ( while i 'm a male ) name . 
  to who ? 
  the great great grandchildren of the victims ? 
  paid for by who ? 
  a successor state that was n't responsible for it ? 
  a 20 year old armenian has no standing to collect on this matter . 
  even if they form a coalition they do so with a very weak mandate . 
  it 'd be reasonable to assume they 'd tread lightly with legislation or risk being wiped out of the picture in 2020, 
  usa usa usa, 
  muslims are also incredibly insular and suspicious of others who are not them . 
  angsty teenage kids in comfortable situations who are , lets face it , losers - they have no hope for themselves combined with an identity crisis being a minority in a white & western country . 
  it 's inevitable they 'd seek greener pastures elsewhere from people who look like them promising to get them laid . 
  assimilation was far easier in the days of conscription . 
  kurds save the day !, 
  but my neigbors love me and my cat ( mostly him ), 
  the price to pay for centuries of colonialism i suppose, 
  is that not what a country is . 
  similar people grouping together ? 
  everywhere does n't have to be like america after all . 
  what kind of message are we sending here when the common folk feel empowered to speak against the powers that be and make changes ? 
  and cents, 
  idk elected a party under false pretexts and now they 'll stop at nothing to remain in power ? 
  whoops !, 
  thank you, 
  womp womp, 
  as long as you buy some warez come visit, 
  istanbul is cool too \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  aegean turkey , from edirne around the coast to antalya could be it 's own country . 
  every country has it 's looneys, 
  uk joins the us as new new england . 
  if you thought american tv was oversaturated with english accents before ... 
  hahaha . 
  plausible, 
  the only way akp attains a majority is through dubious acts . 
  suppressing votes , not counting votes or making up votes . 
  a party in power desperate to maintain their position is not above doing any of these things . 
  i doubt akp even retains a plurality in parliament if every vote in turkey were counted true . 
  big cities are built from organic causes , like being a natural port , or being on a crossroads , not because it was someone 's idea . 
  is there a supermajority threshold for certain issues ? 
  common enemies usually do the trick . 
  the american colonies and early us was very similar to the eu . 
  a generally separated bunch with loose economic ties to each other . 
  no one colony/state was beholden to any other though they all shared a common goal and enemy . 
  each state was just that , it 's own state . 
  each state was very autonomous up until the constitution replaced the articles of confederation , but perhaps more-so up until the civil war when the federal government 's claim to dominion over the states was solidified . 
  the common way to refer to the usa was `` these states united '' in contrast to `` these united states '' to give you an idea . 
  the autonomy of each of the us 's states has slowly eroded over time and this is what 'll happen to a federalized eu . 
  one of the most egregious aspects of the way the us treats it 's states is the `` you may enter but never leave '' policy it has in place . 
  it 's the sort of freedom stripping attitude you would n't expect from a country that uses freedom as it 's middle name . 
  it 's especially bad in regards to the original 13 states and states that were sovereign before they joined the us ( vermont , texas , california ) . 
  if a federalized eu ever becomes a thing what i hope brussels always keeps in mind when it writes laws is that the eu was created by it 's constituent countries , not the other way around . 
  hard to imagine that they will though , power does n't not pursue more power . 
  try and look poor but rich , shabby but cool , all at the same time, 
  then who would come ? 
  1453 , 1923 idk, 
  or hastings or the settlement of lundinium or a million others !, 
  imagine if they were on opposing teams , kim the goalie . 
  unstoppable force/immovable object eh ? 
  wondering ? 
  10 in the ranking amongst countries not 10 %, 
  sealand into real ; , ), 
  i wonder where america would fall on this list . 
  scotty 's land is a country within a kingdom . 
  think of `` the north '' within the 7-kingdoms if you 're a got fan, 
  what if your job is something very vague , or specific where there are n't enough other people in your profession for you to have a trade union ? 
  we 're # 11 !, 
  we 're # 11 !, 
  this is just as much a public opinion poll as it is a fact one . 
  it 's moot . 
  it 's easy for the us to tout how they `` defeated the nazis '' when the us did n't have to endure the full force of the nazi machine . 
  americans do n't make it 10 miles in to france if russia did n't sacrifice 25 million people , a hit that russia 's population has yet to recover from . 
  what goes up must come down . 
  the peaks and throughs average out over time and the two big parties always eventually gobble up the smaller ones in a ftpt model . 
  with 12 % of the vote ukip gets .15 % of the vote in parliamemt . 
  first-past-the-post voting is such a sham, 
  mapmaker did n't have an agenda at all, 
  open immigration to texans, 
  the dakotas could be combined and nobody would lose sleep, 
  so many people, 
  pale , blonde , blue eyes , wearing a laurel headband, 
  the common thread that runs amongst all turks is that they 're all nationalists . 
  turks are good people,
