  did eryemil said that ? 
  if anyone cared to explain what the numbers mean , it would be most helpful . 
   most people are against this course , since the complete failure of the government in every goal this year , and the solution being more of the same . 
  most people are against how things are , not against the course being taken . 
  truth be told , we really do n't have much of a choice , we either continue with the spending cuts or we default , it 's not pretty but austerity is clearly the least-bad choice . 
   the polls clearly show that the government parties are falling like a rock and that the radical left and the communists are raising . 
  citation needed . 
  i do know that the socialist party has improved in the polls but then again s\u00f3crates is n't there any longer and we 're still far away from the next elections . 
  i would n't really see this as opposition as , as much as they now try to play it , it was them that were in power from 2005 to 2011 and it was them that asked for the foreign help and negotiated the budget cuts with the troika . 
  with regards to the communists , they 're always the same with about ~ 8 % and with regards to the left bloc , they fell the hardest in the previous elections from ~ 10 % to ~ 5 % . 
  so yeah , where 's the radical left gaining ground ? 
   honest question . 
  do you work ? 
  because you seem to not understand what the 2013 budget will do to the average middle class worker . 
  i 'm not working at the moment because of my studies but i did do some jobs during the summer and i do expect to join the labour market full-time by 2014 . 
  i 'm very well aware of the cuts being made and the increases in taxes that are happening - i ca n't say i agree with them ( because , for the most part , they 're being awful and awfully implemented ) but this is besides the point , what we 're discussing here is who 's to blame and it 's certainly not merkel or germany , these cuts are the consequence of the socialist party 's spending - it 's why i 'm so critical of those who say that it 's austerity 's fault that we 're in debt or , even worse , that germany is to blame for the cuts that we 're doing when they clearly were n't the ones spending what they did not have . 
  how much r/europe karma does one need to become eu commissioner ? 
  i do n't hate you , i just chuckle at your [ stupidity ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxvdu2evysg ) and move on . 
  though your politics are beyond fucked up . 
  that bit is actually sad . 
  a turd sandwich and a giant douche , they do n't differ that much among themselves . 
  and europe is not the eu , i know . 
  jedibeeftrix 's comment , however , was not only about the euro but about how the whole union works , you ca n't say `` why stick to a system '' and pretend it 's only about the current shared currency . 
   i just mourn the wasted potential . 
  there are no reasons why countries such as portugal , spain , greece , etc. . could n't be highly prosperous and competitive , the basic hard things have already been done , it is just matter of getting few things right in the society and there would be possibility for stable and sustainable economic growth . 
  the remnants of a left-wing revolution , the cronyism and nepotism that have been prevalent for decades and the overall disinterest with these matters of politics in our society , perhaps ? 
  you 're right , it 's most unfortunate , but whenever you try to improve things , for example , when you try to liberalise the market , groups like the the communists , the labour unions , the business unions and entrepreneurs always seem to make an unholy coalition and try to avoid it at all costs - some to further their goals of an inefficient nanny-state so they have higher chances at power , others to keep the workers they already represent employed at the expense of those who are still unemployed and therefore unaffiliated to any labour unions and others who simply want to keep competition away from the market and benefit from it being more unappealing for others to start a business or hiring new personal . 
  this cycle will eventually have to break , some say it already is with all these problems , but we 'll have to wait and see if we learn from these mistakes or if history will repeat itself . . 
  that 's fake . 
  the tits , i mean . 
   why should germany or other richer and developer euro countries transfer huge funds to less rich and less developed euro countries ? 
  they should n't as it 's not their responsibility , just like it would n't be our responsibility if germany decided to build football stadiums and submarines without worrying if they had the money to afford those or not . 
   germany is n't rich because for example portugal is poor , germany is rich because it has developed highly efficient society where things work . 
  portugal on the other hand has been left behind development because the society has blocked all kinds of growth thanks to rigid structures and unattainable economic policies . 
  if things do n't start to change and fast in portugal , countries such as slovakia and estonia will in a decade have higher gdp per capita than it has . 
  i know something is wrong here when a finn knows more about our economy than 20 % of our electorate . 
  do n't worry about eastern european countries ending up better than us , though , it would be good for them and hopefully good for us as well as perhaps then less people here would be against austerity when other european countries clearly demonstrate that they can foster economic growth without the government needing to spend taxpayer money . 
   another thing is that the eurozone/eu should be construct of liberal market capitalism , not bastions of intergovernmental socialism . 
  if some member state wants to have a welfare state , then it is their business to create and pay for it , it is not the business of the eurozone/eu to intervene . 
  this , the eu started out as a single market , if member-states want to create programs like cap or eu-wide welfare , fine , just do n't impose them on everyone as these might be against the best interest of some member-states ( for example , those who already ca n't withstand any more public debt ) , make these programs optional . 
   understandably , i would n't care about a crowd that portrays me as hitler either . 
  we do n't either . 
  sorry for their disturbances , though . 
  thankfully a bunch of retarded communists and syndicalists do n't speak for portugal , in fact , public opinion is very much against them as well . 
  tomorrow the idiots will go on another general strike , you 're free to go on r/portugal and ask how the average citizen who needs to go on about their lives feels about it when those entitled assholes do n't work and refuse to let others work . 
  with a few exceptions , i 'm sure you 'll realise that people are just as or even more distrustful of the `` solutions '' those strikers present than they are with the current austerity . 
  things might be quite difficult for us all now but we still have reason and know full well that it 's not by whining about the proletariat and against banks that the average life quality will improve , that our countries are dependent on one another to make the economies grow and that it 's not by being hateful to our creditors that our debt problem will solve itself . 
   why stick religiously to a system that is actively adding disharmony to the relationship between european nations ? 
  so , my fellow british friend , are you telling me we do n't need the eu and that we 'd be better off without it ? 
  if one makes a stupid statement and presents it as a question , is this journalism ? 
  that 's a confederation and it works by cantons - it 's very decentralised and they follow the principle of subsidiarity . 
  for the most part , a guy in zurich has no vote whatsoever about what happens in bern or in geneva , for example . 
  their system could probably work just as well in larger and more populous countries without the degree of decentralisation they have if these other countries were also more homogeneous ( i 'm thinking portugal ) , but it 's very different from the systems most of us have and it 's not something that can be changed overnight . 
  because , unfortunately , he 's portuguese . 
  sorry for his retardedness . 
   protestant hey everyone , he 's a theist !!, 
   next time i see uat2d taking the piss out of you i 'll just watch . 
  fuck that shit , join the party , it will make turnusb go batshit insane and it will be hilarious to watch !, 
  tl ; dr - i fucked all your moms . 
  dude , i know it 's not your intention , but it 's strictly [ against reddit 's rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/faq#ispostingpersonalinformationok ) to post personal info . 
  even if it 's only screenshots of pages made by hot russian chicks . 
  what 's the deal with chrome anyway ? 
  imo , firefox is much better . 
  ie/blue - uk , denmark , netherlands , belgium , switzerland , andorra , monaco , san marino and vatican . 
  firefox/orange - finland , latvia , lithuania , poland , germany , austria , hungary , slovenia , croatia , bulgaria and greece . 
  opera/red - belarus . 
  chrome/green - everybody else . 
   muahahahahahahahahahahaha can not stop laughing ahahahha where is our good old german patriot friend that spammed greek posts with that line ? 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/txampion ) was his main account but it seems it was banned , now he posts with [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/greatandpowerfultxam ) one . 
  i do n't know if he 's german or not . 
   this austerity is only making the problem worse no , if anything , this proves that not-austerity was what screwed us . 
  we had massive spending and the economic growth we were promised never came . 
  by portuguese standards , there 's massive austerity in eastern europe and yet they 're growing and we 're not . 
  the lack of growth must come from more attractive business environment ( a working justice system , reduced taxation , a more liberalised labour market , less bureaucracy , etc ) , not from the state as it ca n't generate any by simply taxing and spending . 
  our lack of growth alongside our ever increasing debt , that 's what 's harming us - if the public debt to gdp ration is over 100 % and the economy is n't growing , interest alone is killing us as it makes the public debt grow faster than the economy itself . 
  while the economy does n't grow , your only solution is to slash the debt aka austerity . 
  yeah , i am most worried for its content , i personally think it harms us much more than it helps , that whatever relevant information it might want to spread , it loses all credibility when it tries to blame germany for our fuck-ups and tries to guilt you into solving our mess . 
  i know this is only between the two of us , but if this was between our countries , i 'd ask you to not help us like that as it 's not your fault and , on the long run , it would be harmful for the eu project to have certain countries paying for the mistakes of others . 
  besides , nationality is n't determined only by birth , i could still end up working or living in germany and it could end up being unfair even for me to pay taxes not only for the country i 'm in but also for some other countries who could n't keep their public debt levels under control . 
  that said , a considerable amount of people disagrees with this . 
  hopefully they 'll keep quiet and their ideology does n't become mainstream so that we never end up loosing your support and defaulting on our debt . 
  i still love my country ( the weather , the food , the people , ... ) and would hate to have to move elsewhere ( germany being a serious possibility ) simply because if i stayed , i 'd be taxed massively and would have to pay for all the shit the previous generation did . 
  countvontroll , what 's your opinion on this whole ordeal ? 
   one day , you wo n't be able to stand the shame anymore . 
  holy fuck , are you thick , not even when we spell `` trolling '' out for you , you get it we 're fooling around . 
  shut up you hippie commie . 
  yet their economy has been growing . 
  portugal 's economy is stagnant for about a decade now . 
  shut up berber , go back to your china . 
   i agree , but dunno how much more people would start to care about politics , i bet many would still vote without being minimally informed . 
  if people vote informed or not or if they even vote at all , that 's their responsibility . 
  regardless , it 's not up for anyone to limit the scope of democracy . 
   democracy is all about voting for santa claus . 
  i do n't get this . 
   that 's true , but overall the governments popularity is down due to their austerity measures . 
  in a direct democracy system i doubt they would be able to carry on with it , but that 's just my guess . 
  it would be our responsibility to decide , people would campaign based on how they think we should proceed . 
  arguing against this because the majority might disagree is arguing against democracy . 
  i 'm would n't worry about it though , think switzerland , their much more direct democracy , the policies they implement , the welfare of their population and the efficiency of their government . 
   and not having to make interest payments , is n't that enough of a benefit ?
