  but to go from there and assume that we 'd all be better off if everything is shared , that 's insane , just because i might not bother sharing the food i have with people who may die tomorrow on with my siblings that does n't mean we should live in a society without private property where everything belongs to everyone and technically i do n't even own my refrigerator and everyone is allowed to go there and grab a bit whenever they please . 
   there were great improvements in cuba and ( despite all its problems ) the ussr after their revolutions no , they were not , they both became shitholes . 
  whenever you say there was something beneficial , you must also look at the cost . 
  for example , to only look at the benefit of say free healthcare for the patient or housing for the people and to fully ignore the cost for the thousands now poorer and/or unemployed because of the increased taxation required to pay for it , that 's fooling yourself , there was no free lunch , everyone just paid for a service , you ca n't say `` but now everybody has x '' and completely ignore the cost that had on the population , cost which if it was n't imposed on them , they might on their own account use those resources to acquire for themselves the good or service that the state was now providing . 
   the strategic goal is the same , free and equal societies . 
  `` free '' under communism ? 
  `` equal '' societies ? 
  oh shit son , ahahahahahahahaha , that always worked out so well xddd, 
   you get rich at someone else 's expense . 
  that 's impossible as capitalism operates under voluntary agreements , the second someone feels they are n't getting enough and people are benefiting at its expense they can just stop and terminate their contracts . 
  if you buy/sell something or employ/work for someone and think this is being done at your expense then you 're not being rational , you could and can always say `` no '' . 
   i do n't care for communism but with that kind of logic you may as well say that capitalist success guarantees a poor class because it favors scarcity . 
  name me a society where there was no poor people . 
  the difference between capitalism and communism in this regard is that under capitalism there 's social mobility and even those who are worse off can climb the economic ladder while those under communism are all kept at the bottom by a restrictive state which uses its power to control economic activity and does n't offer the chance for people to improve their lives . 
   there are a few neoliberal i 'm think i 'm a neoliberal , what 's wrong with that ? 
   only business owners should be allowed to have any say in the state that 's corporativism , not neoliberalism . 
  there 's a massive difference between big government helping big business like that guy is proposing or limited government which is not allowed to give special favours to special interest groups . 
   proportional to the amount of money they pay in taxes that 's not very democratic , is it ? 
  it is ( or it should be ) one vote per person . 
   he even proposes an armed rebellion to reach that goal . 
  lol , i wonder how someone goes from `` neoliberalism is a political philosophy whose advocates support economic liberalization , free trade and open markets , privatization , deregulation , and decreasing the size of the public sector while increasing the role of the private sector in modern society . '', 
  to `` let 's kill the people in office and get the state to support us instead of the people that elected them '' . 
   double barreled surname or did you just give your first name as well ? 
  :p those are my first two names . 
  i would n't share my family name on the web . 
  no worries though , they 're fairly common , if you know the president of the eu commission , you know of someone called jos\u00e9 manuel :p, 
   i 'm in texas as we speak . 
  you 're welcome howdy partner . 
   hello !, 
  latvian here . 
  i 've heard riga is a great city , a bit chilly but overall a very good place to visit during summer , 
  greetings de vries , i 'm jos\u00e9 manuel xd, 
   r/libertarian is that way --  hi , i 'm uat2d and i live here in r/europe , kindly go fuck yourself . 
   is this accurate or just the small sampling i 'm seeing on tv ? 
  not that i know of . 
  the most predominant long term movements within europe seem to be young people from lower income countries emigrating to places with more employment opportunities and older people with higher income from northern countries emigrating to places in the south where the weather is better . 
   female   iranian :|  communists : x  topless :d, 
   criminal burden ? 
  economic burden . 
  in both situations , money is lost , so they 're not that different . 
   this is a feature of this system which supposes that there are unpopular reforms that must imposed on the people . 
  i disagree with this aspect , you ca n't force anything upon the people , even if it 's done with good intentions and for the benefit of all - that just leads to resentment and does n't actually solve the issue . 
  more direct democracy , however , solves this issue , the people collectively decide what they want on a case to case basis instead of having a very limited choice with regards to political parties ( and having to choose as a bundle , not allowed to pick and choose the good policies ) and leave the unimportant rest to the politicians ( again , i point to switzerland which has worked so well for so long ) . 
   i do n't say we disagree on everything , but you seem more hostile to left-wing policies than i am , so i suspect we disagree on some things . 
  yeah , that 's not a problem , nobody ever agrees on everything :p, 
   not unheard of in democracy . 
  also not democratic . 
   i will be on your side if you ask for direct democracy , even if we disagree on virtually everything else . 
  no we do n't , you silly , i have you with positive karma :p what is it that you disagree with so that i can further explain it ? 
  who knows , maybe it will be you the one convincing me and not the other way around , 
   well , having a government doing spending without asking your advice is called representative democracy . 
  what about having a government doing spending 3/4 or 4/5 people disagree with ? 
  what 's it , then ? 
   if you do n't like it , ask direct democracy switzerland seems to be doing great , actually . 
   well , it is usually called socialism when it is democratic . 
  several european democracies have successfully implemented it . 
  yeah , i know , we 've only gone halfway into it , by letting the government spend out money against our wishes in the sectors they decide its best . 
  i wish we did n't , we 'd be much better now . 
  damn , why are we so much like spain and greece and not like the uk , the netherlands and finland ? 
   why has social democracy move so much to the right that you ca n't tell it apart from neoliberalism . 
  hey sasp , why do you dislike social democracy ? 
  do they tax too low and not at 100 % like you 've suggested in the past ? 
   guarantees healthcare and free education healthcare and education are neither guaranteed nor free anywhere in the world . 
  the only difference is how one pays for it , if directly or through taxes . 
   if they are democratic , why not ? 
  democratic communism makes just as much sense as planned anarchy . 
  `` hey , we 're good democratic communists and we 're here to liberate your from the exploitation that arises in a voluntary exchange system . 
  we do n't care about profit , only about the well-being of the citizens , so you 'll love our central planning . 
  we know what 's good for you and we 'll do it to you whether you like it or not - long live democratic communism ! '', 
  there are also people who want to reinstitute the monarchy , the death penalty and abolish gay marriage - there 's crazy people everywhere . 
   because its embarrassing that our main economic activity is the same activity that led to all that ire toward the jews . 
  why is it embarrassing ? 
  if people do n't want to deposit their money on the banks and get some interest rates , they can keep in under their mattresses , no ? 
   this and greece in the currency union are prime examples showing how the eu has made huge mistakes in the past . 
  so you 'll just kick them out ? 
   the real question here is why these countries are in the eu in the first place ? 
  because we let them in ? 
  that might have something to do with it , i dunno . 
   the only reason seems to be geographical . 
  well , they 're in now and so far i 'd say it 's been fine . 
  heck , i 'm sure my country has been an heavier burden on the eu than romania or bulgaria , to kick them out now because of `` they 're poor / they have gypsies / i do n't fancy them '' , that 's ridiculous . 
  why do people hate the city so much ? 
   bro , a point , do you have it ? 
  i have a question : why should eu citizens ever be denied the freedom to travel within the eu ? 
   some people would love to pay taxes not really . 
  what people want is employment . 
  [ what i see ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nebfd7j.png ) btw , that pic is absolutely discussing, 
   i would answer with the `` good things '' the nazi party did for the germans none whatsoever . 
  its public works campaign was a joke . 
   things golden dawn do good for greek people `` food , clothing , and medicine drives '' =  socialism and central planning , that will harm them far more than it will help them . 
  they do would do much better with fewer taxes , lesser unemployment and higher incomes , without the government running their economy for them . 
  seriously , this makes just as much sense as drinking seawater to quench your thirst . 
  `` greek blood bank '' =  they must have plenty of blood for transfusions if they can afford refusing blood simply because they 're bigots . 
  `` militia guard '' =  do n't they have a strong police force and military already ? 
  `` white women 's front '' =  now this i see no problem just as long as they do n't spend any public money on it . 
  women are great , white and not only :p `` green wing for racial humanism and ecological consciousness '' =  racial humanism ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  though i see no problems with ecological consciousness - markets are simply groups of people and have to abide by the same rules , just like i ca n't take a dump in my neighbour 's garden , factories should be allowed to pollute the nearby environment . 
  `` greek employment office '' =  lol , really , greek jobs for greeks ? 
  protectionism detected .
