  this is the only part of your post i disagree with . 
  i 'm sure that the things you mentioned - the sacrifices for the eu , the need for structural reform and a centralization of power in certain aspects relevant to the whole europe - that is exactly what barroso is arguing for , and in the video , he was demonstrating that the alternative is n't viable , that we ca n't just abandon this european project because it 's a challenging one . 
  walkereu , this is not the higgs bottom or the large hardon collider you were looking for !, 
  no , that day is already taken . 
  i say we make it the 3rd of july and make it awesome , so that by the 4th , everybody has an hangover !, 
  10 minutes of esg ? 
  how about [ 10 hours ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zcmtl_1er8 ) ? 
  [ link ] ( http://www.facebook.com/europeanparliament ), 
  barroso 's only message was of unity and non-conflict inside the eu . 
  regarding those policies , i 'm sure it will be in everyone 's best interest that they 're properly planned , but saying that what he said means some of us are going to lose is what i disagree with , no , we 're not going to lose if europe is more united , more relevant and more efficient . 
   the type of extroverted personality in the video is simply a bit irritating to me i 'm sure he was a bit drunk the whole time , sure , when you 're sober it may sound annoying , but props to him for having fun , i 'd rather be out drinking and having a good time like he was instead of being in front of a computer alone in my room :p, 
   a fate worse enn death what is google trying to tell me ? 
  he was having a great time and he put it on youtube , what 's wrong with that ? 
  sauce ? 
  no , just kidding , your answer was funny though xd, 
   then again , how can you be proper when talking about asses ? 
  ass can mean a lot , my friend . 
  tell me , which of the following ass would you rather have ? 
  and * barro * means * clay * . 
  u are worst european !, 
  gibe back clay !, 
   if greece is forced to leave euro ishygddt, 
   it seems to me that there are some very significant differences between european countries which will inevitably lead to them desiring different outcomes in european union policy meetings . 
  it 's not about having the same goals , it 's about the objectives being beneficial to us all rather than good for x , y and z and harmful to p , q and r. 
   you ca n't pretend that there is n't conflict , and you ca n't pretend that that a conflict does n't have its winners and losers . 
  the winner here will be europe and the losers those who preach its downfall . 
  it will be a victory for the union and a defeat to those who rather have us against each other . 
  our democracy and prosperity shall prevail against the uncertainty and doubt . 
  look at the position of europe in the world now and look at how it was prior to the eu . 
  what 's the problem in europe winning , you ask ? 
  the fact that we have n't already won this is what 's wrong , but hopefully this situation will be fixed soon enough . 
  it 's what 's needed to preserve this european project under which we 've all achieved so much . 
  the thing is , we do need structural reforms . 
  if we did n't , we would n't be in this mess , you ca n't blame everything on the tide . 
  yes , austerity is n't exactly nice or popular , but it 's what 's necessary . 
  simply put , what we need is to control our budget and not get ahead of ourselves . 
  you know how there was substantial amount of waste of public money , we were n't the worse example but that does n't mean we 're off the hook , and this is why we need to be extra cautious with our current public spending . 
  fuck nigel , barroso was elected by the democratically elected meps , though it 's easy to pick on him as he was n't voted directly by us . 
  why the fuck does n't he go back to the uk and go whine there that the queen is unelected and therefore the uk is n't a democracy ? 
  fucking demagogue . 
   the malinvestments is a straw man argument , you did not see me making the argument for stupid public spending like our football stadiums or defending what we did that got us into this situation . 
  you were the one we are suppose to stop with the austerity and kickstart the economy . 
  so tell me , how would you afford to get more loans and create growth ? 
  regarding the multiplier effect and aggregate demand , it 's all very nice till you notice that our consumption is mostly of imported products . 
  the `` make loans -  give the money away -  increased consumption -  increased production -  increased employment -  economic growth '' formula comes crashing down when the production and employment you 're created is in southeast asia and not in your closed economy . 
  we 've already done plenty of that and the only thing left from it is the loans to pay off , because the economic growth never came . 
   you did not explain how do you propose to go back to growth without destroying everything in the process . 
  destroying everything ? 
  if by everything , you mean government subsidies to everything and other waste , sure , nuke that . 
  that 's only a burden to us all . 
  if it 's economically viable , then it will certainly not be destroyed . 
  if it is n't , it should have been destroyed long before it dragged us down with it . 
  regarding the companies , it 's a globalized world , companies can survive and prosper even with reduced internal demand . 
  also , the way you 're talking , it seems all demand came to an halt . 
  it did n't . 
   i do n't really see how that helps our debt to gdp ration and our interest rates . 
  it helps in not getting us any more debt . 
  that 's the main issue . 
  would stopping this and spending help us more with the debt than the current situation ? 
   belgium was in a comparable economic situation to us their productivity rates are not comparable to ours . 
   frankly i think i 'm doing reality and thinking of how to solve the current problem while you seem to be doing morals and giving a lesson to your 6 yr old on money management . 
  it must be perception , from where i 'm standing , it seems you 're eager gamble with yet even more money to get out of this when i 'm the one saying we already lost enough and should n't risk losing what we still have left . 
   `` therefore , '' the court explains , `` even if the licence agreement prohibits a further transfer , the rightholder can no longer oppose the resale of that copy . '', 
  the business must also provide patches and updates to the new customer . 
  so , what 's our stance on the eu bureaucrats now ? 
   reckless spending is not an accurate description of what led to their situation . 
  this has been pointed out repeatedly do n't some of us have higher debt than gdp ? 
  is n't that one of the most serious issues ? 
   do a little basic reading in economics . 
  you 're cute . 
  tell me exactly where it 's basic economics that it 's viable to increase the debt to get out of a crisis of massive debt . 
   sometimes it seems that they 're the ones tearing us apart . 
  considering we 'd be far worse than they would ever be if they just went `` fuck you , we 're keeping our deutschmark '' and considering they 're the ones saying the most `` the eu will remain together '' , yeah , they 're doing much more for the union than most of us . 
   in those situations it 's necessary to kickstart the economy . 
  not this again . 
  you do n't `` kickstart '' the economy by burning money on it . 
  when money is scarce , the worse thing you can do is to waste the one you still have . 
  demand ca n't be increased by government spending . 
  i mean , sure , it 's nice to receive government funding and it might seem the economy is growing with money injections but it 's not sustainable and it 's just inflation . 
  look at the greek debt , since ~ 2005 they 've been spending more than they could afford and where 's their kickstart ? 
  why are n't they having an economic boom ? 
  those malinvestments are short term measures to make the charts look better , but they just come right back to bite you when interest kicks in . 
  if you want to invest in the economy , fine , but as with all investments , the expected returns need to be higher than the cost , and simply `` kickstarting the economy '' by throwing money around is the wrong way of doing it . 
  regarding the downturn , a lot of it is actually the malinvestments we 've done in the past proving how worthless they are . 
  for example , all the stadiums we built in 2004 for the euro helped our economy , a lot of money was being spent , people were employed and things looked great . 
  but what about all those millions we spent , are they any good for us now ? 
  no , what 's left of it is just abandoned building and debt . 
  on the charts it looks like our gdp grew and is now shrinking , but the situation is the same . 
  it 's just that this kind of spending is simply not viable on the long run . 
  besides , companies that prove to be economic viable without government funding need not to worry , they 'll continue to be open for business . 
  those who do n't , then it will be less of a burden for us all , the taxpayers ca n't afford to support investments that prove to be economically nonviable . 
  do n't worry , there are plenty of economies that can flourish without government funding . 
   we should n't be doing austerity in europe , it does n't work , it had its chance . 
  austerity is simply not spending more of what you ca n't afford . 
  what got us to where to where we are now was precisely that . 
  besides , even you say interest is taking a heavy toll . 
  non-austerity will just make it much worse , firstly the interest rates would go up just because that 's hardly a viable strategy and riskier investments raise the interest rates and secondly because that implies we 'd have to contract more loans to go back to spending more of what we can afford . 
  the last thing we need right now is borrowing more money , you 're right when you say interest rates are a considerable expense , please do n't argue for their increase by saying we need to ditch austerity . 
  yeah , if i 'm mistaken , please correct me . 
  austerity means cutting back on excessive public spending .
