   now we 've been proven right you 've been proven right ? 
   the uk is not alone in the eu and this is definitive proof . 
  of course the eu is n't alone , there are 26 other member-states , you silly . 
  openeurope is an obvious eurosceptic source , even in this very thread there are people debating the credibility of the statements in the links , but regardless , there 's only one country that constantly threatens to veto and that seems to be eager in leaving . . it makes it much harder to support the british-proposed budget cuts when you try to act as the only sane person in the room and dismiss every other counter-proposal . 
  also , the constant `` oh , we 're not alone , oh , see , there are people that agree with us '' , that 's incredibly juvenile , if you do n't want to stand out as different stop constantly reminding people of how much more eurosceptic you are when compared to the rest of us . 
   thatcher destroyed all industry production and domestic demand lololol  all britain has to offer now is toxic `` financial products '' ahahahaha 8/10 , would laugh again, 
   in defence of the spanish speakers i have to say that `` inglaterra '' sounds very cool while `` reino unido '' is very plain . 
  but i do understand how you feel about it . 
  same thing here . 
  btw , is your username related to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syok6zmpoe0 ) ? 
  guys , this is n't funny . 
  suddenly my reddit is in german . 
  * check wallet * what can i measure with 4.70 $ in coins ? 
  gosh , you angry brits can get annoying . 
   not if it came at the expense of the uk 's . 
  or france 's . 
   i hope that people here will now accept that it 's not the case of the uk `` holding everyone else back '' in light of this . 
  i 'm probably being a bit too optimistic though . 
  i do n't think it really helps your cause to constantly bring that up . 
  the situation is the same , you could record a case of police brutality and he could walk free because the videotape was rejected in court even though he clearly did it . 
   that is stupid yup . 
   so you need permission to film an illegal act that you can argue has happened in a court of law . 
  i do n't think you need permission to record , you just need the permission for it to be able to stand as evidence in court . 
   what about store cameras ? 
  if they record a robbery do they need permission prior to the hold up ? 
  yes , these cameras ca n't be concealed and they need to be properly registered and allowed to work to be able to be used in court , yes . 
   and if you are going around minding your own business and somebody attacks you do you need prior permission ? 
  if the attacker does n't know he 's being recorded , yes , you need the authorization of a judge in a court of law or the consent of the attacker for a recording to be able to be used as evidence . 
   they mistakenly believe being a non-member and having oil money makes it irrelevant . 
  while you have the oil money , they 're right . 
   hurr durr i 'm a lazy southern european just wan na receive handouts from those who do all the work hurr durr . 
  i 'm a lazy southern european , yes . 
  if you want to give me an handout , thanks . 
   but fuck that , right uat2d ? 
  i was mocking those who are eager of calling the germans of nazis , not the other way around . 
  oh well , i guess it was poe 's law at work . 
   merkel is literally hitler because she does n't give handouts . 
  if anything , it 's those that are demanding special treatment and rights that present authoritarian tendencies in their speech , germany has been very lenient in their discourse . 
   and yes , in case you are wondering : i take this very seriously . 
  the internet is serious business after all . 
  oh , at least that . 
  i know you 're being sarcastic but some might actually get upset at what they read here . 
  btw , where are you from , then ? 
   this is * exactly * what the people who elected him want him to do . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was elected with the promise of getting the uk out of the eu , not on the promise of taking a job on the eu , not showing up to said job and being paid for it . 
  here photos and videotapes taken without the permission of a judge ca n't be used as evidence in a court , it 's not that different . 
   do n't do it , must be a german trap to keep you down . 
  alofat confirmed as an anti-german bigot . 
   why is every german dressed in a bavarian dress why are you trying to make sense out of an idiotic video ? 
  repost and retarded . 
   anyways i know you 're not being serious  finally , thank you !, 
  geez , this was quite an overreaction . 
   certainly . 
  please do . 
  but why does it have to be with nazi references ? 
  because that 's what everybody tries to accuse germany of being . 
  fuck you , report me again if you want . 
   britain is `` valued '' for its role in moderating the continent and slowing decision making down , apart from when it actually engages in moderating the continent , in which case it 's scapegoated for `` standing in the way of progress '' for the other 26 members just like you have done in your post . 
  if 26 countries say the ecthr should do something and the uk vetoes because no , then the rest of europe is n't scapegoating the uk , they 're just pointing out the obvious , that things are being needlessly complicated and that europe is n't to blame . 
   if you want the uk inside of the eu you must think everyone not on the uk wants the same . 
   if you want the uk inside of the eu because of its moderating tendencies and commitment to liberalism , stop skriking when those moderating tendencies and liberal attitude block something that you like . 
  what commitment to liberalism by the uk and , specially , what attempts of the eu of preventing this ?? 
   otherwise , what you really mean is `` britain is valued in europe ... as long as it agrees with everything we do . '', 
  britain is valued in europe because the single market is stronger , because our economies benefit from the lack of restrictions to trade with the free movement of goods , capital , services and people and because it increases the eu 's relevance on foreign affairs . 
  if you think more or less should be handled by brussels , that 's up for debate , if there 's a sizeable movement in your country that wants to freeze relations with the rest of europe , that pressures politicians to veto all solutions to our problems on an european level and that seems to be fine with leaving the eu , then obviously you stand out as a country and people begin to wonder what you 're doing in and why you joined in the first place . 
   mocking something you do n't understand is the fucking definition of being bigoted . 
  no , bigoted would be making sweep and false generalisations based on preconceptions , for example , i 'd be a bigot if i believed all germans were evil . 
  though i 'm starting to believe more and more on a generalisation about the germans , your humour is just awful , a guy ca n't say anything that you have to get all upset about it . 
   if you do n't agree that the bit about `` someone totally retarded writing in english '' is not being bigoted , you are dishonest . 
  if everything means you 're bigoted , then nothing means you 're bigoted . 
  i might disagree with radaway on a bunch of things , but i ca n't say he was a bigot . . if him saying that german sounds like retarded english is being a bigot , then i guess i 'll be a bigot as well . 
   ps : your example looks more like latin than anything else . 
  lol , my example was out of context portuguese , if you did n't even get that and are out saying i should n't say such things , dude , stop crying over the smallest things . 
   this kind of disrespect only makes matters worse . 
  oh , cry me a river . 
   i think you really do n't understand what kind of insult this is . 
  deutschland uber alles is germany above all , it 's part of their national anthem and untermensch is subhuman , like the nazis used to call the rest . 
  damn , do we really need to be so over-sensitive ? 
  ca n't i mock the `` it 's all germany 's fault '' nonsense ? 
   travelling around the continent hearing people scapegoating the uk confirmation bias much ? 
   we get blame for protecting the evil bankers evil bankers ? 
  sure , if you hang around marxists , they might shit on you , but you do n't need to be british for them to do that , they shit on everyone who is n't `` hurr , we need to abolish private property , everything belongs to us all '' . 
   we get blame for not allowing further integration if you do n't allow further integration for everybody else , like when the british vote vetoes the other 26 , yeah , people might get a bit annoyed , but you 're not the only ones threatening to veto if the negotiations do n't go their way . 
   the list does go on to quite some length . 
  if you say so . 
   are n't you both cute little bigots . 
  til mocking a strange and fucking hard to learn language is being bigoted . 
  remind me to not call some sausages of `` german sausages '' , i do n't want to sound like a bigot who thinks all germans are fat sausage-eating pigs . 
   typical of many of the children in this subreddit to try to shift blame . 
  again with this ? 
  for a troll , you 're quite shitty and unfunny . 
  in the continent not hearing people scapegoating the uk . 
  where have you ? 
   i can understand what they 're saying . 
  it all sounds like `` aftas ardem hemorroidas idem '' xd, 
   or else we 'll scapegoat you into being the cause of all the continent 's problems !, 
  when did this happen ? 
   in switzerland we think we are the centre of the world . 
  jules verne was french . 
  cousin marriage prevalent in turkey ?
