   a person works , they get the full benefit ; a coop works , the coop gets the full benefit ; a collective works , the collective gets the full benefit ; a community works , the community gets the full benefit ; a society works , the society gets the full benefit ; a world works , the world gets the full benefit as does each and every individual - none excluded . 
  so people work and they get paid ? 
  great , that sounds efficient !, 
  but what about those who do n't work ? 
  will they not get paid ? 
  dude , that sounds highly unfair !, 
   sounds much better than the current system . 
  sounds a lot like the current system . 
  if `` a person works , they get the full benefit '' is your alternative , then you 're even more laissez-faire than i am , that would imply no taxes at all !, 
  though i know that 's not what you really want , you 're either a populist who talks about `` greedy bankers '' and `` absentee capitalists '' yet the difference between the system you propose and the actual one is mostly semantics or you 're a fool who thinks that we could all get something for nothing , that society would benefit if you stepped in and divided the wealth for us and that people act just as efficiently when their wage depends on it as they do when their wage is fixed and most of it goes to the state which then redistributes it as it sees fit . 
   i want to be santa but i ca n't . 
  i will lower taxes and increase spending !, 
  vote for me !, 
   where to start ? 
  how about with the observation that capitalism is a hopelessly inefficient way to run a society . 
  capitalism is inefficient ? 
  what is more efficient , to abolish private property and expect people to work just as efficiently when the product of their labour is divided among everyone ? 
   even in that beacon of capitalism , the united states [ the usa is a beacon of capitalism and a free market ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dpa24.png ) what about switzerland ? 
   we have three and a half million homeless people , and eighteen and a half million empty homes - you know , i think a see a solution here !, 
  people have tried that in the past and it never works , people are n't willing to sell if the benefit from it is less than the opportunity cost , the moment you were to appropriate of such houses , they 'd disappear and be converted into warehouses or offices or whatever , people would do everything to dodge seeing their property taken away from them . 
  oh , and homelessness is n't a sickness one can catch , anyone can work and buy a house - chances are that if you 're homeless then it 's your own damn fault , only junkies and gamblers lose everything including their own house and ca n't work enough to buy one back , it 's not sustainable to have those who work paying for the expenses of those who do n't or who do but ca n't manage their money . 
   like when the half dozen or so heirs of the walton family own the same slice of the economic pie as the bottom 40 % of the us - that 's right , six people and their families possess the same wealth as 125 million people or 49 million families . 
  or like when 69 per cent of the acreage of britain is owned by 0.6 per cent of the population . 
  or , more pertinently , 158,000 families own 41 million acres of land , while 24 million families live on the four million acres of the urban plot . 
  what about the nomenklatura which were the only ones to got to be properly fed under socialist regimes ? 
  sure , you might favour equity over efficiency , but i for one rather live in a society where some have 50 , others 500 and some few 50000 as opposed to one where mostly everyone has 10 , the bureaucrats have 50 and the dear leader has 10000 , even though from an equity point of view , it 's favourable to live in a system where millions have only 10 . 
   my preference is libertarian socialism , obviously . 
  `` a non-hierarchical , non-bureaucratic society without private property in the means of production '' ? 
  how would you enforce the lack of private property ? 
  how would you promote development if nobody would benefit from the extra work of some ? 
   proceed to what ? 
  offer a solution to unemployment ? 
  to explain the shortcomings of capitalism . 
  and to offer a solution that will end unemployment . 
   tbh , i 'm less than convinced that having one group of people working 40 hours weeks or whatever , often on fairly pointless tasks , whilst large numbers of others are kept idle on bare minimum benefits or , in other parts of the world left to scratch out a meagre survival ( or not ) , is really a productive way to organise society yes , unemployment is bad . 
   particularly not as necessary work requiring human input becomes more and more scarce , and the increasingly limited resources of the planet are unnecessarily wasted to further concentrate wealth in the hands of another group of idlers . 
  concentration of wealth ? 
  like when there 's inequality ? 
   there are other better ways to organise a society . 
  present an alternative . 
   why could n't we do like iceland again ? 
  it might be because germany has over 255 times more people . 
  it 's much easier to keep things working properly in a country like iceland . 
   certainly not under capitalism . 
  capitalism relies on having a reserve army of unemployed workers to contain wage demands etc. 
  please proceed . 
   . . that one is bookmarked . 
  makes me all movey , i can use movement . 
  how about [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flgyyr2hksy&amp;feature=endscreen ) ? 
  do n't take the lyrics too seriously . 
  :d it 's like your previous one , too hellish for me xp [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxyqzz34_fs ) another one similar to my previous one , i 'm sure you 'll like it , 
   604 fucking hell , you stalker xd  damn , i just checked and i only gave turninfinite 94 downvotes :o then again he does n't stalk me so i do n't meet his commie self that often . 
  he 's fucking everywhere in here . 
  though i 've upvoted him a few times , one instance was in that state-funded nhs boobies thread in r/portugal where i nearly died for agreeing with him xd  i never expected to see you make a `` if you leave x to the free market then babies will be eaten for breakfast ! '', 
  argument ... 
  i iz disappoint t_t free market ? 
  since when is foster care even a market ? 
  is there a supply of adoptive children ? 
  can you subsidise or tax the adoption of children ? 
  is there even transactions ? 
  can one set prices on this ? 
  dude , knock it off , not everything is a market , foster care certainly is n't one , it 's an isflasf just like homeless shelters , to look at it from a business perspective is a serious mistake , they 're never ever going to turn a profit , the children are n't even for sale . 
   i was starting to enjoy it before he ( or she ? ), 
  started singing . 
  :p it 's fucking alesso , he 's awesome !, 
  some people do n't like these songs with voice , i do , for example , i actually like to sing shm ( though they 're also great without vocal - for example , greyhound is amazing ) . 
   what do you think about [ this ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qha2ksrqof4 ) :d i guess it 's ok , not something i 'd put on my playlist but not that bad . 
  i think it 's too hard and too `` aaawww hell motherfucker '' for my taste x ) [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nji2chup07m ) a great song with no vocal , tell me what you think of it , 
   mofo you 're lagging behind !, 
  you 're lucky i post less than you otherwise you would have no excuse !, 
  how much ? 
  btw , i have alvaro cunhal usb at -565 xd  not if you believe that they would n't be proper parents , which is an acceptable position to hold when it comes to gay couples . 
  the adoption criteria are n't the choice of the foster care institutions . 
  it would be sick if they were , one could get hundreds of children under his care and deny them parenthood with criteria such as `` the parent is gay '' or `` he 's from scp '' or even `` have you seen his jacket all demod\u00e9 ? 
  i think i puked a little , that is sooo november 2011 '' . 
  lol at kids being held hostage of any moronic institution with arbitrary rules and full ownership of the children as if they were private property . 
   lel , quoting the commiestution like i give a fuck about it . 
  i got no respect for that document . 
  i know , but it 's the constitution and it still has to be upheld . 
  at most , it could be amended so that we could discriminate against homos again ( that or make it so that one could treat adoptive children as cattle ) , but it 's the maximum law and regardless of its flaws , it has to be followed . 
   who needs a threesome when you have written porn such as the above ? 
  i came when he mentioned the superiority of the free market . 
  i 'd trade away the free-market and institute central planning to be able to allocate more resources into threesomes if i could . 
  it would only stop when i could enjoy a threesome whenever . 
  fuck you plebs , i want my bunga bunga parties . 
  though i would n't be required that much , i 'd just need to be filthy rich and i 'd be able to fuck two girls at once at all times and always different girls . 
  shit , i 'm fucking sick . 
  i 'm also a bit horny , me thinks . 
   kinda weird , sort of boring . 
  decent thumpy-thumpy to it , but annoying voice , shitty lyrics , tits are kinda nice . 
  had to log in again to see it , but my trust in youtube is dwindling , tbh . 
  :p what about [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ycurn8fwf4 ) ? 
  upvote me cockmongler , i have you at +382 lol  one of the main responsibilities of an orphanage is to look after it 's children and make sure that they get suitable parents . 
  yes . 
   to say that they ca n't decide if their new parents are appropriate or not is bullshit . 
  they ca n't decide on the future of the children based on arbitrary criteria such as sexual orientation , the children are human beings within their own right , foster care only has the right and the obligation of taking good care of them , to deny them new foster parents is to act against the best interests of the child and that 's outright unlawful . 
   and that 's the main question : do gays make suitable parents ? 
  some believe they do and some do not , personally i believe that in average traditional couples offer a far better growing environment to a child , but since there are not enough of those looking to adopt and imo it 's best for a child to have a family than to live in an orphanage then i 'm ok with gays adopting .
