  and it also assumes that what the only problem with greece is the lack of financing . 
   twas another anon , i mostly just lurk / pol / [ commie ] ( http://i.imgur.com/scui4.jpg ) . 
   i 'm afraid i 'm just a dog cat ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1y73sphkxw, 
   there are already neo-nazis patrolling the streets , some of them in police uniforms . 
  adding a mercenary militia into a mix of declared fascists and a brutal violent police force isnt going to make it any better . 
  are you a greek ? 
   belgium got its first 2 muslim political parties over the voting tresshold . 
  both advocate sharia as the true law . 
  so it 's happening . 
   breivik said he was an atheist fucking fundamentalist atheists !, 
   zidane our best ever footballer . 
  i loved his farewell to professional football . 
  the sportsmanship was astonishing . 
   because it 's a stupid question . 
  and if you think that i was asking stupid questions then just tell me . 
  i 'm just teasing you bro :p, 
   why are you an idiot ? 
  why did you downvote me ? 
  i upvoted you ; _ ;, 
  looooooooool, 
   like ... ? 
  what do we have to defend against ? 
  annoying americans . 
   it comes up in google translate from finnish to english as : greece payment of debts . 
  google automatic translator said it was german and did n't translate a thing . 
  thanks x ), 
   are there jews here on / r/europe who feel insulted by that ? 
  i 'm just curious . 
  you always here some officials say that something is supposed to be insulting for the jews , but i think most jews do n't actually get insulted that easily . 
  why are you a nazi ? 
  i did none of those , i just drank and saw the fireworks xd, 
   sigh , you also do n't seem to understand that they ( unlike a lot of other sub saharan african countries ) do not have any civil wars no civil war is success ? 
  great standards you have . 
   they have been successfull in fighting the increase in the hiv epidemic so now that 1 in every 4 adults is infected they 're starting using condoms ? 
   they have improved their education level they should take some time and get some sex ed as well , i dunno  well known for being one of the least corrupt sub saharan countries by a perception index , basically by asking people if the country is corrupt or not , in short , science !, 
   yes , they , like all of sub saharan africa is battling hiv , but that in itself does n't make it a hell hole nor does it make them corrupt . 
  [ is this you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o4vjd.jpg ) ? 
  well , anyway , if you like it so much , you can go ( back ) there . 
  [ there might be more , sometimes they 're like ninjas ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o9swj.jpg ) . 
   we 're not all so arrogant , i promise . 
  [ what ? 
   [ i 'm glad portugal and our beloved neighbor spain do n't get reduced to a bunch of emoticons . 
  and way to dodge albania when speaking of countries with muslim roots that get along with turkey . 
   no , you just proved that you are horribly uneducated , and very euroscentric . 
  botswana for example is one of the success stories of sub saharan africa , certainly not a hellhole and is probably less corrupt than greece . 
  great , you just managed to show everybody that you are ignorant . 
  yes , botswana is very successful certainly not an hellhole :  botswana is experiencing one of the most severe hiv/aids epidemics in the world . 
  the national hiv prevalence rate among adults ages 15 to 49 is 24.1 percent , which is among the highest in sub-saharan africa . 
  [ this is how i 'm browsing the web right now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uzlkt.jpg ) . 
   oh , so rather than actually trying to improve things by classifying them , and fighting corruption , you complain and post pictures of toilet paper . 
  you are a true internet warrior , doing nothing and complaining the whole time . 
  at least i 'm not gullible enough to believe that eastern european countries are more corrupt than some hellhole in africa . 
  lol , you actually take a `` corruption perception index '' seriously xd, 
   so , what list do you use ? 
  provide another list then . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o52jol.jpg ) is the list i use . 
  it 's the only one i find accurate in comparing countries in terms of corruption . 
   silly op , we have to remove kebab from the eu , not flood us with it . 
    turkey will never join . 
   why not ? 
  says the brit who wants to leave the eu . 
   how is that relevant ? 
  in ww1 portugal was at war with germany , i guess we ca n't be friends any more . 
   oh finally someone with reason . 
  what a fresh breath of air in this subreddit . 
  was this thread featured in some turkish website or something ? 
   finally someone with some sense here . 
  piss off . 
   it is fascinating that they whith all the international involvement and all their promises to change things actually manages to fall on the list . 
  does n't exactly give you hope that things will improve . 
  bah , these corruption rankings are not accurate at all , `` corruption perception index '' , really ? 
  unless you think botswana is actually less corrupt than estonia , poland , czech republic or hungary . 
   i hope it proves to be a very expensive lesson to not only france , but europe as a whole , that populist socialism solves nothing . 
  ideologues are often immune to evidence and reason , history will repeat itself . 
  all that sand/10, 
   `` inspired by similar websites in india and kenya , kristina set up edosafakelaki ( meaning `` i paid a bribe '' ) which allows people to report anonymously on cases of bribe-giving or taking , or indeed cases where bribes were refused . '', 
  sounds like science !, 
   great initiative , but it 's ironic greece must learn from india and kenya how to fight corruption . 
  bitch please , you ca n't even get into india or kenya without having to bribe the border police . 
   greece maksa velat . 
   that is good , considering that greece has become more corrupt in the last year - they have fallen on transparency internationals list from number 80 to number 94 . 
  link . 
  they now share that place with moldova , who used to be behind them . 
  fear not , this year they 'll improve their ranking as they 've managed to bribe some juries . 
   to the honourable members so hotly contesting this pressure , stand back for a moment from the knee jerk reaction . 
  possessing a military is about far more than defense , it is about being able to protect the interests of your allies , contribute to multinational peace-keeping operations , supporting the overthrow of tyrannical regimes and ensuring that the interests of your nation are secured in the long term . 
  nice too see that you support american jingoism , considering that you have by far the largest military spending in the world . 
  but it 's for a good cause , right , it protects you by using drones against children , starting unwinnable wars in far away countries and staging coups in young democracies , how would you even survive without those ? 
   england could have no choice but to bomb scottish airports in order to defend itself from attack if scotland became independent , the former solicitor general for scotland has warned . 
   lord fraser of carmyllie said if scotland was left undefended , the enemies of england could use it as a base from which to launch air raids over the border , the herald reported . 
  holy shit !, 
  you guys need to nuke ireland and france asap or else you 're doomed !, 
   ffs . . uk and france ran out of bombs in libya . . and could barely resupply themselves . 
  more military spending on infrastructure . 
  supply units , etc is where all the damn money is needed so those shiny planes and ships can handle more than a few hours of fighting . 
  those bombs are expensive , you know ? 
  iirc the bombs the us dropped in libya in a single week were more than australia 's yearly gdp . 
  i 'm not sure we can trust anyone with the power to bomb a country non-stop . 
   i have n't followed that story long enough , what fiscal cliff actually is ? 
  if they do n't reach a compromise in handling their debt , on midnight there will be automatic spending cuts and some tax cuts will expire .
