  as for the $ , the only thing the germans did to us wrong was loaning us money and ( apparently ) not caring if we invested it wisely or not . 
  sure , eu policies like the cap or the cfp could have been much better employed ( they did wreck our national farming , and to some degree , our fisheries , but that was because we joined at the wrong time , when everyone was downsizing their productions and we needed to increase it ) but what made the most damage was socialist policies like free computers ( the magalh\u00e3es ) for everyone in school , building football stadiums like there was no tomorrow for euro 2004 or increasing in the minimum salary and unemployment wages ( you have people that could work in industries like cork or textiles but that instead work as maids or waitresses because the government would n't allow them to receive the same amount of money if they worked in the industries ) . 
  not to mention that it 's easier to shut down a factory than to fire 5 or 6 unproductive workers , but that 's another story , about how unions can ruin your economy . 
  honestly , with the $ , the growth you do have is a much more real representation of reality than it was with the $ ( escudo ) , as before the government could just set the exchange or interest rate and adulterate the currency , now we 're forced to actually work in order to grow . 
  obviously our productivity was n't going to beat the german one , not with our culture and our non-interest , but that 's just how things are . 
  we have nobody to blame but ourselves . 
  germany is n't a white knight in shinning armor here to save us from ourselves , but they do work much more and harder than we do and our governments policies are ( or have been ) indeed above its capabilities . 
  and even though things have n't been easy and this adjustment is clearly not an easy one , the eu is still a great project - there just needs to be more accountability and responsibility . 
  i do n't want the uk to leave , i want them to take responsibility for joining in the first place . 
  it should n't be what the eu can do for the uk ( or any other country for that matter ) but rather what can the uk do for the eu . 
  we need to move past these small borders and think larger , it 's a community , we are not enemies of each other , we should be working together , not whining and threatening to leave if things are n't going as good as they should be . 
  honestly , i thing it would be best if just if we continued to work together and , in the future , if everyone else but the uk wanted to be involved in this , then the uk should just stay out and not join the `` eu successor '' , and in that case , make a referendum in every country before joining so that in future european projects , there are no more countries that seem to be fighting against integration rather than welcoming it . 
  the us constitution 2nd amendment ? 
  in r/europe ? 
  seriously ? 
  why are you giving him credibility ? 
  last time i checked , he is n't even european , so why even bother ? 
  while i see no harm in guns being used strictly only for sport , surely you agree that more regulation is sometimes required , right ? 
  i mean , it 's one thing to use allow some guns to be used for sport , it 's another to allow guns like ak-47s or hand grenades like those described in the news to be available to the public , right ? 
  while one can argue that all guns should be banned or not , a ban on these guns would n't really hurt you at all , right ? 
  why is a ban on guns a bad thing ? 
  and down again and up again and down again and up again * ad infinitum * welcome to the stock market . 
  dude , if you hate the eu so much , why do n't you leave ? 
  goodbye democracy ? 
  you 're only in the most democratic continent in the world !, 
  i do n't get it . 
  thanks for the link . 
  the portuguese constitution is already incredibly similar to the german one . 
  when it was drafted in 1976 , the german one was its main support . 
  but what about the uk ? 
  why is that all the comments are related to us politics ? 
  sure , it 's an interesting subject , but this probably is n't the best place for those discussions , is it ? 
  i believe calling them out on their bullshit is enough . 
  memes do n't belong here . 
   it does n't matter it they ruining the economy in the process or destroy our gdp . 
  please , cut back on the leftie talk . 
  we are where we are because we spent too much , our economy and our gdp are wrecked because we were living above our capacities . 
  we need the imf , we need the eu and we need germany . 
  otherwise the state would go down just because it would run out of money , and without money , you would n't be able to do anything . 
  what we need is more liberalization of the economy - it 's insane that it 's easier to shut down a factory than it is to fire the half a dozen leeches who do n't work at all or that you have people who retired in their 50s receiving some 1000 $ or 1200 $ in pensions and hardly paying any taxes whereas you have an unemployment rate in people below 25 years of 28 % and those who do are employed receive on average 750 $ !, 
  we not only need the money , we need politicians strong enough to tell these leeches that this wo n't be possible because it 's just not economically viable !, 
  the entire welfare state is on the line , we need to cut back on it immediately or we 'd be in serious risk of losing it all !, 
   do n't mistake wall street for the us . 
  we do n't . 
  the so called `` 99 % '' is proof of that . 
  if the usa proves unable to regulate ws from there , we at least must act to minimize their damage here . 
  portuguese , not portugese . 
  as for the lazy part , well , it 's all because of the benefits . 
  if portuguese , italians and greeks are more protected from unemployment than there are germans , obviously the germans are going to work more while the former are going to slack off much more ( and still feel entitled to the same benefits ) . 
  as for the pigs , it 's excusable . 
  i mean , i really do n't care one way or the other , but if you get pissy for being called soviets ( or so i 've been told ) then you should also consider not calling us pigs . 
  it does n't really help us as a whole and things are already hard enough as it , let us at least try to be united while dealing with these issues , and if these acronyms might stand in the way , why not dropping their usage ? 
  i would n't mind being ruled by a german , a danish or a finnish . 
  actually , i 'd welcome it . 
  we seriously need people that are able to cut with all the waste ( like wild pensions for people who retired in their 50s , unemployment subsidies for those who do n't quite feel like working and social funds for those with no money to pay rent but with enough money for a lcd screen or a porsche ) without losing votes because all that scum decides to act like cry-babies when they feel they 're going to get of the government tits , and they all vote accordingly . 
  you know what ? 
  perhaps i 'm exaggerating a little , but the main idea is there . 
  this kind of shit does n't go down in your countries , why should it happen in mine ? 
  i 'd love to be part of a responsible society like yours , and between corrupted portuguese politicians or responsible danish politicians with funny english accents , i 'd take the later any day of the week . 
  funny how the danish actually do more than just talk shit about the team they 're in . 
  i disagree , other than the uk , it seems everyone wants the eu project to work . 
  while you might get flak for not wanting to pay for our government fuck-ups , do n't take it too seriously , that often comes from an angry minority who thinks they 're entitled to all the benefits with none of the responsibilities . 
  i remember during the finnish elections some anger from my fellow portuguese claiming they were being selfish and yada yada but when we from portugal continental had to pay for the fuck-ups of the madeira government , we were saying the exact thing the finnish were saying about us !, 
  just beware that not everyone is like that , the only opinions you hear are the ones from those that are the most displeased , trust me that most of us have some sense of pride in being part of this project and are fully committed in the prosperity of europe , and the fact that your countries ( germany , denmark , finland , sweden , etc ) are still trying to hold everything together is great . 
  no , we do n't hate you for it and yes , we do agree with your policies . 
  you do n't even have to do them because you 're selfish , you can do them to make us learn from our mistakes and so that you continue to be healthy enough economic wise to be able to continue to help us . 
  please do n't go down like we did , we admire you and now more than ever we need to work together for a brighter future . 
  federalism sounds much better than dismemberment , and even if the former turns out to be unachievable , you can still take some comfort in the fact that me and many more younger people would rather move there than being stuck here paying for our parents and politicians mistakes . 
  i 'm portuguese and i fully agree with what you said . 
  it would be best if everything was fully protected , but if a choice is required , first get your shit straight and then try to save the rest . 
  you do n't even need to feel guilty for doing so , i 'd for example gladly move there and find a job there where people are more serious and determined than here were half my salary goes to the state and the unions . 
  i 'm portuguese , and we felt the same when ps was in power . 
  now with psd , it 's like the laws come directly from germany - which i do n't think is bad at all , if you do n't mind me saying such . 
  portuguese here , m\u00e1rio soares is not to be taken seriously . 
  the guy had his time and it 's now over . 
  you should consider unsubscribing from those - they 're mind numbing and while fun at first , quickly turn incredibly stale and obnoxious . 
  that 's a valid question , but asking it with a meme just makes it impossible to be taken seriously . 
  uk students ? 
  hopefully it would n't be all red , like it would be with the uk elderly . 
  this could be good news for portugal 's economy , if our politicians knew how to take advantage . 
  since they do n't , it 's a shame - both the ban on netherlands and the money we as an union are not making . 
  then the uk can stay out of a future european federation and leave their euro skepticism to themselves . 
  i in fact wonder why they joined in the first place , if all they do is whine and oppose , their alternative being no further integration ( like before the world wars , everyone for themselves ) . 
   but a single government for all of europe , at a time when people are out on the streets demanding a greater influence in the decision making process , i just do not see that happening any year soon . 
  neither do i , but i hope it does , at least in the next 20 years or so . 
  the way things are , we much either choose federalism or dismemberment , and i much rather have the former . 
  a fully integrated union like we ( or at least i ) dream of will still take a lot of time and further integration to achieve , and we have bigger problems to face at the moment , but once this whole banking and financial crisis is taken care of , and the way is cleared for a even more unified europe , that should be one of our primary goals . 
  what you said about minnesota or florida could be said about portugal and spain . 
  if you compare texas with illinois or nevada with maine you 'll see that they 're also incredibly different . 
  just because they 're that different does n't mean they ca n't have the same goals and work as a team , and so should we . 
  the language barrier is , on its own , a great barrier against an use . 
  but that does n't mean that , if it were to happen , france and germany would rule it . 
  these could be broke in terms of states ( like belgium - 1 vote , french lorraine & alsace - 1 vote , german bavaria - 1 vote ) or the rest of eu nowadays grouped so these could have a stronger voice in eu ( like germany - 1 vote , portugal & spain - 1 vote , austria & hungary - 1 vote ) . 
  as for the uk and scandinavia , it 's not like anything would be imposed on them , they 'd join later like they did initially and will do with the euro ( when it ever gets back on its feet ) . 
  overall , it would be great , an europe unified ( like the usa ) , with a single government and with a single voice . 
  how crazy would it be for example if florida or mississippi wanted a single american currency and the creation of us bonds but california disagreed with it and new york did n't even agreed with the creation of the us dollar ? 
  this is how the eu is currently , and while we 're much more unified than we were in the past , it 's hardly an union if we still disagree so much and are trying to impose national agendas on an european project . 
  as for the global federal government , yeah , i agree , it wo n't work , at least not in our lifetime , if things continue like this . 
  we do n't even need it , we just need peace , understanding and prosperity , that does n't require a one world government , that just requires we not being assholes with each other . 
  we should for now focus on stuff like the middle east or the dictatorship regimes and only then worry ourselves with those dreams .
