  so because some turds made a shitty video about the eu , then the eu is like the third reich ? 
  talking about the weather or about the sex of the angels , that 's not something to talk with anyone . 
  talking about interesting things , what 's wrong with that ? 
  i just find it very odd that the scandinavians seem to be so extremely shy and socially awkward and actually seem to enjoy being indifferent to those around them . 
  the uk says no to the eu !, 
  britannia strong !, 
  vote ukip !, 
  it 's the only way to take the uk to [ great new heights !, 
   i defy you to find any recent interview/speech where he says that . 
  not hollande 's own words but those from one of his ministers :  [ france eyes layoffs clampdown as unemployment climbs ] ( http://af.reuters.com/article/worldnews/idafbre8560bh20120607?sp=true )  `` the main idea is to make layoffs so expensive for companies that it 's not worth it '' - french labour minister michel sapin sorry , but this is the exact opposite of good economic policy . 
  my daily commutes feel outright boring if i go by myself and do n't talk with anyone . 
  fortunately i usually find mates and we go together for the most part of the journey , but when that does n't happen , it 's incredibly dull . 
  even today i was alone in my journey back home and got to talk with a girl around my age who was a complete stranger simply because she had a shirt from another university . 
  you know , i was just socializing a bit - not being a nuisance , not engaging in mindless small talk , having an actual discussion about university and stuff instead of going the whole way home pretending and trying to ignore everyone else . 
  or maybe that 's just me , who ca n't do like some others who just want to mind their own business and even listen to music in their commutes , whereas i never do that so that i never disconnect myself from the world around me and never not notice anyone i might know . 
  i like to have sex with my hand , does that count ? 
  [ heretic scum . 
  not in the uk , hurr durr, 
  nature in norway ? 
  i was told the snow gets boring after the first 5 minutes . 
  that video is beyond retarded . 
  wow , that actually sounds incredibly sad and depressing . 
  i for one only spend time on reddit when i 'm stuck at home and ca n't be with friends irl . 
  what about me ? 
  what 's my tag and my vote weight ? 
  :d you 're not tagged but i have you with +11, 
  now i know why some people from other countries are afraid their languages might die off . 
  how can everybody be so shy there ? 
  hollande said that to fight unemployment , he wanted to make firing people so expensive that companies would be better of by not firing them . 
  he 's not only a big government advocate , he 's also [ an idiot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zobhl.jpg ) . 
  i bet you also believe talos is a god . 
  while i agree with you , please keep your r/atheism at the door . 
   for example only 0.02 % of the american households have a device that measures the viewers rate , yet they determine what the nation watches yeah , here in portugal it 's the same , the tv viewers rate is often bollocks because of how inaccurately the projections are made . 
  still , there 's plenty of ways it can go wrong . 
  if they went to nursing homes and surveyed 1000 `` random '' elderly people , those 1000 can hardly be used as an example to the whole danish society . 
   i guess this must the reasoning behind ** norway ** 's blasphemy law . 
  we 're talking about danes from denmark , not about nords from norway . 
  wrong , you ca n't have capital punishment and be an eu member . 
   [ capital punishment in denmark has been entirely abolished in peace-time since 1930 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_denmark ) also :  [ the death penalty has been abolished in all european countries , except for belarus . 
  the absolute ban on the death penalty is enshrined in both the charter of fundamental rights of the european union ( eu ) and the european convention on human rights of the council of europe , and thus considered a central value . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_europe ), 
  the french elected hollande , he might not be a `` workers seize the factories '' kind of guy but he also is n't strong on the free market . 
  communists in france does n't come as a shock at all . 
   how would you feel if somebody just throws you out from your home , burns your stuff , and never let you come back even if you did nothing ? 
  so that justifies the serbian war crimes ? 
  also , by that logic , ireland should take over northern ireland , germany should invade poland and portugal should seize angola . 
   baltics  spawn and root of all worldly problems  homeland of hitler  reason why soviet union collapsed http://i.imgur.com/oakpc.jpg, 
  please do n't . 
   fixing the government is just as hard as making sure it does n't protect monopolies make a law forcing minimal government intervention in the economy , properly regulate and legislate the market and forbid government bailouts without direct public consent ( aka referendum ) . 
  seems easy enough . 
   which is what usually happens when it pretends to be pro free-market . 
  coming from you , who often state that economic freedom is bad , i 'll take that with a grain of salt . 
  a government overly protective of any group of people often just creates resentment towards that group and drags everyone else down . 
  be it corporate america or communist russia , while i 'm sure they all had the best of intentions , rigging the economy to protect x or y just drags it down for everyone . 
   you have to fix the government . 
  again , easier said than done . 
  i do n't know exactly how we could fix it . 
  a more direct / less based on representatives democracy perhaps ? 
   this is the definition of fascism . 
  according to wikipedia :  [ fascists seek to unify their nation based on commitment to an organic national community where its individuals are united together as one people through national identity . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism )  [ socialism is an economic system characterised by social ownership of the means of production and co-operative management of the economy . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialism ) that and nazism being the short form for national socialism does n't make a good case for fascism being the opposite of socialism . 
  but i digress . 
   glad to see you grasp it . 
  what 's that suppose to mean ? 
  you 're going to call me a fascist yet again ? 
   as long as big pharma strive in the us , obamacare will keep meting dead ends , but it would work in other social ( ist ) conditions though . 
  socialism working ? 
  sure , it could work , but at what cost ? 
  cuba has good healthcare but is miserable in everything else . 
  it would work best if the free market was actually protected rather than the big pharma in the us that 's currently sitting on top of it and if people were n't turned away because they could n't afford medical treatment in their time of need . 
   the issue in the us it 's the fucking us , they 're the opposite of a free market . 
  they 're like socialism reversed , the state protecting the rich at the expense of the poor . 
  obamacare is a joke , they only treat patients so that they wo n't die and are able to continue slaving away for the powers that be . 
  fuck them , their bailouts , their corrupt corporations with their government in their pockets , their hypocrisy and their citizens for not changing their political system to proportional representation and not ending the tyranny of their first past the post or two parties per state voting systems . 
  what do you mean ? 
  a corrupt state-owned system is all paid for by the taxpayer , hardly an incentive to keep things within the law and working efficiently . 
  if the system was privately owned then the owners would have all the incentives in the world to keep it lawful and profitable as they would have to be the ones to pay if they were charged of anything or if they just did n't bother with properly administrating the hospital . 
  obviously that their relationship with the state would have to be very well defined to prevent what happens in the typical ppps where the state pays for the losses but the privates get the profits , specially in this case where it 's healthcare we 're talking about , but overall a privately-owned system is much more shielded from corruption and is a much smaller burden to the rest of society than a state-owned one . 
  now they just have to come around to decriminalizing all drugs . 
  the argument you just used would also be great for promoting a dictatorship as opposed to a democracy . 
  if i was given the chance , i 'd favour direct democracy over representative democracy everyday of the week . 
  unpopular choices in direct democracy can always be implemented when things start getting bad whereas in a representative democracy we 're stuck with what our representatives choose and their unpopular choices may be taken out of self-interest rather than for the greater good or they might just be unpopular and stupid choices . 
  exactly . 
  it 's precisely the reason why i favour a privately-owned state-subsidised healthcare system than a simply state-owned system - less jobs for the boys and more concerns with sustainability , we 'd be both eradicating corruption and making it more efficient without cutting back on the quality of the actual healthcare . 
  no , i should n't - i do n't want to piss off any of you mongols . 
  i was talking about the portuguese nhs , the sns . 
  :p i already talked about it in another reply to the post you just commented on , in essence , it 's does n't offer a bad service but it 's wasteful , overly bureaucratic and even the simplest treatments can lead to huge waiting lists . 
  saying it 's a perfect and could n't possibly be improved upon is simply wrong . 
  i 'm not saying we have bad healthcare , i 'm saying we 're spending too much on it and the hospitals are working inefficiently . 
  you know what i 'm talking about , you see it on tv , the huge lines and the bureaucracy it 's required to get anything done . 
  even some months ago i had the full experience of it - i fell and broke my wrist and you would n't believe the trouble i had to go through just to patch it up ( all i needed was to take an x-ray and get a bandage ) . 
  i went to the local health post ( in gondomar ) and from there i was told they did n't have the staff required and relayed to the hospital ( s. ant\u00f3nio ) but they could n't patch me up there as well because of my age and then sent to another hospital ( s. jo\u00e3o ) where i finally got my treatment after 5 hours waiting ( by then , it was 04h30 am on a weekday ) . 
  through the whole time my arm hurt like a bitch but fortunately it was n't anything too serious and now everything is perfect , the worst part was indeed the treatment . 
  but back to the point , you 're right , we do have good healthcare in the sense that people are n't left to die or anything but i 'm also right that it 's inefficient , it can have very long waiting lists and that it 's very expensive . 
  there 's still plenty of reason to improve it . 
  easier said than done . 
  how exactly do you fix a government ? 
  the nhs is working well here . 
  if by well you mean massively in debt and with waiting periods of several months .
