  why are you being discriminatory against africans ? 
  would it be fine if instead of africans it was for example poor portuguese or poor magdeburgians the ones living off your welfare money ? 
   who needs enemies when italy is your friend ? 
  people are downvoting you because you 're supporting your claim . 
  what a bunch of hypocrites . 
   a fundamental understanding of economics is something only americans have knowledge of ? 
  yeah ... quite the opposite , for the most part american redditors are a bunch of retards who go on reddit complaining about capitalism when they 're wearing designer clothes and posting their nonsense from some ipad . 
   because your comment is misinformed and stupid , and openly displays your ignorance . 
  ( ... ) havent had anyone ( except in iceland ) http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ there , who 's ignorant , misinformed and stupid now ? 
  `` hurr durr banks are evil '' , what a moron . 
  all these downvotes i 'm getting . . 
  i should have known better than to post this late at night when europe goes to sleep and the americans wander about thinking things in the eu are like they are in the usa . 
   the problem is corruption on higher levels , public works . 
  unfortunately , you 're right . 
  sadly , the man on the street is the one who votes for the guys up top and there are plenty of examples where people knowingly vote for corrupt politicians . 
   do you know how fractional reserve banking works ? 
  by lending out the money they receive , like always . 
   do you have any idea how much fraud the modern day financial industry has committed , and continues to commit , to this day ? 
  protesting against that is the same as protesting against thieves and arsonists , it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  that 's not solved through protests , that 's solved with a more effective legal system . 
   have you any idea how investment bankers are essentially conning us , and by us i mean anyone with any connection to stocks , mutual funds , pensions , or bonds ? 
  if you do n't like the service a bank provides , do n't deposit your money with them . 
  if you do n't like any bank , keep your money under the mattress or cut the middle man and loan it yourself . 
   nah , much easier to write some stupid pithy comment that contributes less than nothing to the conversation . 
  go back to youtube . 
  said the person that 's angry against the system because `` hurr durr bankers are evil '', 
   protesting is not part of our culture . 
  really ? 
  well , i sure am sick and fucking tired of those , here it seems like `` oh , another strike ? 
  it must be tuesday ! '', 
   even the protests against austerity were small , and most of the country is against it . 
  pretty much all of the country is against it , the thing is that there 's no alternative , nobody was willing to continue lending us money so that we could continue to pile on the debt , so protesting against this is like protesting against too much rain . 
  the only ones who keep on striking are the idiot communists who think if we just taxed more or if we just printed money that we 'd be able to keep on spending and the damned unions who are seeing their monopoly rights curtailed and hate the idea of less funding and more competition despite that being what 's best for the country . 
   and our catholicism is very weak , most catholics do n't go to church even on `` missa do galo '' . 
  that much is true , i 'll give you that , nobody actually cares , people just go about their own beliefs and it 's great that way , there 's no annoying religious / anti-religious people around and it 's a private issue . 
   hate speech is n't , or at least should n't , be considered the same as free speech . 
  nothing good , productive or in any way useful comes out of hate speech and there 's no logical reason for it to receive any sort of attention that is n't in the lines of ` shut the fuck up ' . 
  replace `` hate speech '' with `` criticism of the authorities '' and your argument is just as valid . 
  the problem is where you draw the line and with regards to freedom of expression , there should be none . 
   just because someone has an opinion does n't mean it deserves to be heard . 
  saying you 're for free speech but then saying some of it ( the bits you do n't agree with ) should be forbidden is highly hypocritical , that 's not free speech at all , even the most ruthless of tyrants would agree to that !, 
  it 's not free speech if you 're not allowed to express yourself freely , no matter what you say and no matter who might disagree with you . 
   the privately owned media do n't have a duty with democracy . 
  and the state-owned media is often a weapon against it . 
   protest bankers lol , if you do n't like what they do , then do n't lend them your money . 
   there are lots of catholic in france , for one thing . 
  they also say that about portugal and we legalised gay marriage without problems . 
   what 's next ? 
  people complaining about racism on r/europe and reminding us we should n't discriminate against muslims just because some of them carry out these terror acts . 
   he is no longer among us . 
  to the mod team : things were so much worse back when everything was allowed and the community regulated itself through upvotes and downvotes . 
  thankfully things have changed and now it 's you the ones decide for us what we should and should not read . 
  thanks for ~ ~ censoring ~ ~ moderating this subreddit , you 're doing r/europe a valuable ~ ~ dis ~ ~ service . 
   neoliberal is a troll . 
  ignore and move on . 
  `` i disagree with him , hence he must be a troll '', 
   he will not condemn the killing of lee rigby because he does not consider him innocent . 
  yeah , not being a radical muslim must make you guilty of something . 
  on the other hand , beheading people with machetes must be fine ( that is , if you do it in the name of the right god ) . 
   i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing to question governments , institutions and what not really . 
  it 's good to question silly bullshit like this . 
  but if one is going to use it as an argument against their existence i think they should bring something different to the table . 
  the thing is that this kind of nonsense should not even be an issue , do n't people think twice about the things they 're proposing ? 
  the argument seems to be that this type of crap should n't even exist . 
  that it needs to become a public scandal so that it 's avoided means that there 's something wrong with the current political system - and this is a quite pathetic example , we 've had plenty of other incidents ( some of this kind , others more serious ) where people within the eu act as if they 're completely disconnected from the people they 're meant to be representing . 
   it was a proposed law nothing more ... why every other idiot got riled up about it is a mystery to me . 
  because if nobody got riled up , it would pass and become law . 
  do n't click , it 's a virus . 
   question , could anyone see russia ever joining under any circumstances ? 
  if it 's about assuring the free movement of goods , capital , services , and people , i 'll support it . 
  if it 's about letting brussels regulate and control the economy , fuck no . 
  as of now , i have no passion left for a united europe . 
   with the eurozone we already have free trade ( pretty much ) have we ? 
  did we forget about cap and cfp and all the regulation and restrictions on foreign trade ? 
  we 're going full-steam in the wrong direction , the eu is just caving in to all and any pressure from special interest groups and becoming [ highly protectionist ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgp5hiisnjo ) - this is the opposite of what it was meant to be and it 's an eu i simply refuse to support . 
   a good example is ukip 's immigration policy , which requires any immigrants to be fluent in english ... my own country requires me to be fluent in english , at least it 's part of the national curriculum here , what 's wrong with that ? 
  are you telling me immigrants in the uk do n't have to and should n't have to learn the language of their country ?? 
   conservatives and poorer people that 's stupid , most of the tory electorate is n't close to being wealthy , and i 'm yet to see the conservatives trying to arbitrarily hurt those who are worse off . 
   labour and the upper-middle class again , that 's nonsense , just because they 're a party that 's for more for interventionism in the economy that does n't mean they 're out to harm those who happen to be better off . 
  anyway , the policies labour often tries to pursue do inevitably lead to higher inequality and more difficult social mobility , and that 's a good thing for those who already have it good . 
   ukip supporters are the type to screw over a huge number of people because it had n't occurred to them that these people might exist . 
  so ukip enforcing the usage of the english in the uk is trying to screw with immigrants ?? 
  is trying to halt the eu 's creeping control of the economy and the lives of its citizens pretending that x or y group do n't exist ?? 
  that 's utterly ridiculous !, 
   if they 're really out to get in then they could probably just declare themselves part of portugal , bypassing all the other eu states . 
  yeah , about that , we 'd have to accept them first . 
  i mean , i 'm guessing we would , but it would still be odd . 
   probably the freest country in the eu . 
  with regards to civil liberties , perhaps . 
  with regards to economic freedom , not at all . 
  whenever my american friends demonstrate their ignorance regarding europe , i might feel smug and cynically educate them . 
  too bad i have no american friends . 
   if a child consents then there is nothing wrong . 
  looking at your comment history , you 're quite a weak troll . 
  anyway , children and other groups such as the medically insane are n't responsible and therefore ca n't fully exercise their rights - just like they ca n't have a driving license or have voting rights , they also ca n't consent to sexual intercourse or pornography . 
   pedophilia is a sexual deviation , not a crime . 
  just as homosexuality . 
  it 's not their fault that they were born that way . 
  `` it 's not my fault that i was born wanting to rape lousy trolls , sorry u/nutchnig , but you 're about to experience the dick . '', 
  lol nope .
