  no , it 's not . 
  txampion for instance keeps getting banned for the silliest things , even when he 's often quoted by the mod team itself . 
   some mods have n't been on for months . 
  and some others seem to be always active and ban first and ask questions later . 
  just like i 've been banned here on r/europe in the past and only later after some pms did the mod team came to the conclusion i was banned by mistake . 
   yeah , downvoting will surely work , when it can be gamed . 
  it 's still a better system than mods banning dissenting opinions , when they can be gamed as well . 
   it 's disgusting ? 
  sure , that 's your opinion , but if someone posts gore ( and nobody is posting it here but whatever ) while first issuing a warning , then what 's it up to you ? 
  nobody forces you to look at it , it might be disgusting but it 's no reason to ban anyone . 
   of course , if you agree that this sub must be unmoderated , you 'll be against moderation . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  `` of course '' what ? 
  this sub must be unmoderated - where did i say that ? 
   i do n't want this sub to turn into a hub of racism and xenophobia . 
  then downvote and move on , there 's no need to call the mods and ask them to ban whomever is posting something simply because you disagree with it . 
   because ... 
  it 's gore ? 
  yeah , what about it ? 
   yeah , people should be able to post gore pics here !, 
  we should n't ban them , we should welcome them !, 
  what ? 
  is anyone posting gore ? 
  and even if someone did post gore , what would be the problem if they previously warned that it was nsfw content ? 
   yeah , i really want to see racist and xenophobic comments on this sub . 
  that will really make it move forward !, 
  yeah , i really want to artificially promote niceness and pleasantness and outright ban everyone who does n't agree with me on this sub . 
  that will really make it move forward !, 
   when is this guy going to get banned from / r/europe ? 
  how many comments like this does it take ? 
  you ought to be the one banned , you 're the only one trying to censor him . 
  it 's actually quite ironic that you 're trying to defend others by acting like a fascist . 
   if i remember correctly in portugal there used to be 5 workers for every person retired and now there are 2 . 
  two people working for every pensioner ? 
  i find that hard to believe , we ca n't have that many people working for that few people retired . 
   i 'm surprised how little southern europe uses the internet . 
  me too , the data must be off . 
   agree , when are we leaving these eurotards for our own good ? 
  odd for you to say that when finland already acts like russia 's bitch . 
   mate , even the germans i know ( i live in germany ) , admit that germans are horrible , and constantly tell me how much they wished they lived in uk . 
  i 'm being totally serious now . 
  even the brits i know ( i live in r/europe and there are plenty of brits here ) admit that you 're a knob . 
  i 'm being totally serious now . 
  benelux nationalism is entertaining to watch . 
   you 'd have to live here to understand , a lot of it is a matter of how our culture works . 
  swedish culture is indeed odd . 
   do n't make excuses for them , ** their ** the ones who have to adapt to our lifestyle , not the opposite . 
  they 're . 
  lol, 
   why ca n't we just go our seperate ways ? ... i 'd prefer that . 
  because it 's kinda impossible to ignore the usa . 
  if anything , europe as a whole ought to be cooperating more with the usa , it 's certainly better than the current situation where the americans try to impose their agenda on everyone without us having any say . 
   yay ... more america in europe ... 
  if they 're just interested in a free trade agreement , what could be the issue ? 
  czechoslovakia and yugoslavia ? 
  this map is quite old . 
   or to fuck it up more , as politicians the world over seem so fond of doing . 
  if the world is going wrong then it 's our own fault , let us not blame it on politicians when they 're powerless if not for everybody else . 
   where is paradise ? 
  in the year 2012 , paradise was nowhere to be found on this lovely planet we all call home . 
  five more days and 2012 is over , though i would n't worry , we have all of 2013 ( and 2014 , 2015 and so forth ) to build our own paradise on this lovely planet we all call home . 
   this is america 's world , you 're all just living in it . 
  the new world is no paradise , that 's just the dream they want you to believe in . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flag_of_kosovo.svg [ fixed ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:flag_of_albania.svg ) . 
   the serbs moved north , into what is now vojvodina ( where today you have many non-serb place names and cultural remains ) , and left their homes in the south . 
  not because they were somehow forced to do so , but because the north was always richer , had better quality land etc. 
    the albanians were also moving north , except they started from further south ( what is now northern greece ) , which is why they only reached kosovo so far . 
  if we all continue to move up north , where is this going to end ? 
  even the chinese already want greenland !, 
  we need to protect it or we 'll be stuck with iceland and svalbard !, 
  you should close some tabs . 
  why should the french feel threatened by the english language ? 
  if anything , it 's the english than need to be take good care and avoid the french menace , they 're everywhere , one ca n't eat some french fries or have a good cognac that the french are involved . 
  and do n't get me started on love matters , it 's all french kisses , nice soutiens and men\u00e1ges !, 
  even in the british house of lords they initiate the sessions in norman french !, 
  it 's as if the whole of the english language was deeply influenced by the french !, 
  [ sources of modern english ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0deml.png ), 
   it can be argued ... not directly , of course , but one of the factors . 
  but i 'm not getting further into that ... what ? 
   `` and that excessive privatization and lack of regulation caused the current crisis . '', 
    go kill yourself pls ... 
  he did say some utter nonsense but there 's no need to be rude :p, 
  [ r/conspiracy can actually be hilarious ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wfxjx.png ), 
   paris here . 
  it 's warm like we 're in fucking early spring . 
  i 'm in algarve , today it was 20c here !, 
  it 's insane , it 's like summer 's already here and we 're still in 2012 !, 
  i 'm pretty sure ulemad is txampion : s, 
   two world wars lol , this guy thinks it was n't the soviets the ones who won ww2 . 
   i 'm moving to britain when that happens . 
  what 's stopping you from moving to switzerland , norway or iceland this very day ? 
  you do n't like mountains ? 
  what about ireland ? 
   did you just break character ? 
  germany pay debts . 
   except war . 
  and humour . 
  . jpg, 
   `` taxa de natalidade '' is birth rate . 
  no , it 's not , that 's the tax rate on santa claus , duh !,
