  even if it was put to vote , i 'm pretty sure the option `` let doctors decide '' would win . 
   most people do n't have teams of experts for each topic they 're asked to have an opinion on , our representatives supposedly have , so they should in fact know better . 
  what should be is very different than how it actually is . 
  i for one do n't exactly trust our representatives over the people , they 're not more knowledgeable than any of us , they 're only there because they campaigned and got influence within their parties . 
  specially in our case , where you had a pm that did his exams on a weekend or a minister that got equivalences to pretty much everything . 
  even if had the most knowledgeable people in politics , i 'd still favour the public opinion in a referendum where there 's a campaign and both sides present their arguments and it 's the population who chooses what should be done . 
  at least in this situation if people make a wrong decision , it 's their fault and they 're not stuck with it , they can always vote again whereas in a representative democracy you 're stuck with the representatives ' choices and whims . 
   what you 're are arguing for is democracy , when what we have is representative democracy and there 's a reason it works better . 
  that 's up for debate . 
  switzerland is much closer to a direct democracy than we are and you ca n't say with a serious face that portugal ` works better ' . 
   i do n't assume they 're ignorant in general , i assume they are for the most part ignorant on this specific topic , because this should be a technical decision made by experts as part of a long term energy strategy . 
    it took me quite a bit of study to get an informed ( as much as a layman can have ) opinion on nuclear , study i 'm willing to bet most of the popular masses did not do , and even i do not feel qualified to be voting for this , as there are factors in this decision i do not yet know how to evaluate such as population density near the plant ( more is better ) , electricity you will lose in transport , effects of the extra heat on the river you use for cooling , etc. 
  you 're saying that people ca n't decide for themselves in these complicated issues and you 're implying that our representatives will somehow know best than the rest of us . 
  that 's utter nonsense . 
   in short , technical and scientific decisions should definitely not go to a referendum . 
  they should be made by experts in the field or representatives advised by teams of experts . 
  yeah , i 'm not against experts deciding what should be the best course of action , what i 'm against is they deciding over and against the popular vote , as if the average voter did n't know what 's best of him and ca n't take responsibility for their poor choices . 
  that can be a slippery slope , if the people do n't know what 's best for them with regards to energy , what do they know ? 
  i mean , why not abolish all democratic institutions and let experts and technocrats rule over everything ? 
  democracy must be used to make decisions , not to justify decisions . 
  you ca n't force anything ( not even nuclear power ) on people and if the people agree everything is fine but if the people disagree you do it either way and continue to do referendums till they accept and you justify your decision with the public vote . 
  that 's not being supportive of democracy , that 's justifying your own goals by saying they 're what the people want . 
  here , let me restore your faith with democracy :  [ nuclear power in switzerland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_power_in_switzerland#politics )  in switzerland there have been many referenda on the topic of nuclear energy , beginning in 1979 with a citizens ' initiative for nuclear safety , which was rejected . 
  in 1984 , there was a vote on an initiative `` for a future without further nuclear power stations '' with the result being a 55 to 45 % vote against . 
  on september 23 , 1990 switzerland had two more referenda about nuclear power . 
  the initiative `` stop the construction of nuclear power stations , '' which proposed a ten-year moratorium on the construction of new nuclear power plants , was passed with 54.5 % to 45.5 % . 
  the initiative for a phase-out was rejected with by 53 % to 47.1 % . 
  in 2000 there was a vote on a green tax for support of solar energy . 
  it was rejected by 67 % to 31 % . 
    on may 18 , 2003 , there were two referenda : `` electricity without nuclear , '' asking for a decision on a nuclear power phase-out , and `` moratorium plus , '' for an extension of the earlier decided moratorium on the construction of new nuclear power plants . 
  both were turned down . 
  the results were : moratorium plus : 41.6 % yes , 58.4 % no ; electricity without nuclear : 33.7 % yes , 66.3 % no . 
  yeah , but still , what a waste . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not that i party all the time , consequences be damned , there 's also plenty of occasions where i 'd much rather be out than indoors studying or on reddit . 
  it 's just that doing erasmus and not getting laid is like going to paris and avoiding the eiffel tower . 
  what would you do with it ? 
  kill hitler or do n't allow for einstein to be born ? 
  if i had a time machine , fuck this nonsense , i 'd go back in time and have sex with my mother so that i could be my own father !, 
  from looking at the change in percentage points , damn , portugal is leading ? 
  but then you realize , oh , we just went from 14 % to 20 % , it 's not like we 're better than denmark which went from 74 % to 71 % . . 
  up next : why is british journalism constantly reaching new lows ? 
  i 'd rather nobody got the bomb . 
  but yeah , going to war to prevent them from getting a bomb , that 's nonsense . 
  we 'd all be much better off without sanctions but with trying to reach a compromise . 
  just like vietnam ? 
  as much as it pains us , the american is right . 
  if we follow america 's footsteps , we ca n't blame them for ending up in their situation . 
  probably the economic and financial situation . 
  though i disagree with him , regardless of how badly things go on the economy , copyright groups getting away with censoring the internet is never acceptable . 
  if i get in contact with my representatives , i 'll demand that both issues get solved , i wo n't let them get away with one because there are problems with the other . 
  the comments in that thread ... damn !, 
  i really do n't miss the default reddits !, 
  i feel left out here because , among other things , i 'm not in it and i do n't feel that supportive as you guys are with regards to nuclear . 
  to try and fit in , dae like breaking bad ? 
   this is exactly the kind of stuff that really should not go to a referendum , the general population does n't know jack shit about nuclear . 
  this very argument is excellent against democracy . 
  if the people do n't want it , fine , do n't decide for them . 
  either most people do n't want it and the popular will was met or people do n't know what they voted on and new awareness and public campaigns can be made and in future referendums they will choose the most beneficial option for them - after all , it 's still their choice and their loss if they choose the ` wrong ' one . 
  just please do n't assume that the popular masses are ignorant and that policy should be made not according to what the people want but according to what those in power think that the people need . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault that we got into this massive debt and had to ask the imf for a bailout . 
  dude , what the fuck , this is simply the process of paying back a loan , how is the eu more involved in this than it should be ? 
  it 's as if you went to a bank , asked for a loan to buy a new car , enjoyed your new shiny car , the bank man came back for his money , you said you did n't have any , he said that ca n't be and that he wants the bank 's money back and your response to all of this is shouting `` fucking eu , forcing me to pay back my loans ! '', 
  i 'm sure that it `` balances out '' in other countries . 
  i have no doubt that there are more brits in portugal or spain than there are portuguese or spanish in the uk . 
  if by centralisation of power by the eu you mean our democratically elected officials doing what they said they would do in the elections , which is to fulfil the imf bailout criteria , then you 're right , we are indeed doing the best we can to pay back the loans our governments made in the past . 
  i just fail to recognise how by fulfilling the contractual obligations of said contracts we signed with people from all over the world is proof that the eu wants to take away our freedoms . 
   blair / brown labour ? 
  sure . 
  i 'm not so certain about the new labour leadership though . 
  the leadership may change but that 's not exactly helpful if i disagree with their core values and policies . 
  considering that i 'm against a lot of government intervention in the economy and the policies of mindless wealth redistribution , i would n't see me voting labour if i was a british citizen . 
   you 're bang on the money about the first past the post system though . 
  i 'd totally vote for green ( since i agree with them the most ) but because of gerrymandering , i 'd be throwing my vote away if i did n't select either labour or tory . 
   we need to change the voting system . 
  not to av , to full proportional representation . 
  this is an serious issue , the quality of the democracy can be immensely hurt - i also am strongly against having to vote against the parties i do n't like rather than in the parties i associate myself with . 
  here in portugal there 's the d'hondt method of proportional representation , but there 's still several situations where there 's hardly any perfect choice - you know , the typical social-democrat social-liberal parties vs the fiscal-conservative social-conservative parties where guys like me are in between because i may favour the economic policies of one but the civil policies of the other . 
  and then there 's the actual policies being implemented - here we ended up with 5 big parties in the assembly of the republic , 2 of them in power ruling in coalition and the other 3 in the opposition , and all of them support the increase in the tax rates - the opposition because of their ideology and the ruling parties because of the public debt and the troika and whatnot . 
  all this to say that there 's no perfect method and you can always end up with no party representing your views on such an important issue like if we should raise or lower taxes . 
   well not portugal ( since we have the longest lasting alliance in the world , bros fo life yo ) [ never forget ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peninsular_war ) :p, 
  music time ? 
  lol , ` k. 
  [ kita essa dama ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht1-my_p7_w ), 
  work to live and live to party , fuck yeah !, 
  that 's actually rather depressing . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's your choice , i just think that reddit 's shit when compared to going out , partying and getting laid . . 
   the uk got a special opt-out clause . 
  the uk is the `` special opt-out '' eu member-state . 
   this is my problem with the euro , once you 're in it , it 's almost impossible to leave because the economic consequences are so bad . 
  then do n't leave the euro after you join it . 
  that can be said about any currency - before you had the pound sterling you certainly had some other currency , going back to it now would also be harmful to the economy . 
  the same thing happens with the euro , it 's meant to be permanent , it 's meant to deepen the single market and to make all eu economies more competitive because it limits trade barriers . 
   it seems obvious to me that power will continue to be centralised away from nation states towards the center of the eu . 
  clearly impossible in a massive and so different continent . 
  not even in the usa or in brazil where they 're so much more homogeneous than us , they have centralisation of power , thinking it would even be possible with all these different languages and cultures , that 's bloody insane . 
  many people seem not to care about this , apparently because they despise their own countries governments so much that they think it would be an improvement . 
  see the various people on this subreddit who say things like `` rather the eu than xx party '' , isjohnny on this thread for instance , would prefer the eu to the tory party who are currently in power in the uk . 
  i 'm sure he only disagrees with them because of their position eu-wise and because he does n't like seeing the uk drifting from the eu in international affairs . 
  the way you 're talking , it 's as if the eu even wanted to be involved in national or local politics . 
  no , a stronger eu would n't give two shits about localised government , they just want more efficiency and a clearer response on a global level .
