  something will need to be done or the whole of the eu will start rioting . 
  it seems to be that the problem then will be the structural unemployment , not the lack of welfare programmes . 
  i 've heard that 's where maltesers originally came from . 
   ( like goods and services rising 4x in 2 years after portugal joined the euro ) oddly enough , our inflation rate since 1999 has never been higher than 5 % . 
  you 're talking as if we had a rate of inflation of 200 % / year when the closest we came to that insane amount of hyperinflation was in 1977 with the escudo , our former currency , when we had an annual inflation rate over 50 % . 
   unfortunately , there are n't official numbers available from 15 years ago , so we 'll have to agree that anedotal evidence is all we have to support our divergent opinions . 
  [ portugal inflation rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/inflation-cpi ) [ historic cpi inflation portugal ] ( http://www.inflation.eu/inflation-rates/portugal/historic-inflation/cpi-inflation-portugal.aspx ) [ inflation portugal - consumer price index ( cpi ) ] ( http://www.global-rates.com/economic-indicators/inflation/consumer-prices/cpi/portugal.aspx ), 
   hey , sounds like portugal , spain , italy , greece , among others , 15 years ago . 
  no , it does not . 
   to compare the american occupation of iraq and the german occupation of poland is absurd . 
  abu ghraib , drone strikes , gitmo still in operation , [ collateral murder ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rxprfnu3g0 ) and its attempted cover-up , [ most of the casualties being civies ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4f21xhx.jpg ) , saddam 's execution , the whole wmd thing . . yup , even if you only consider the most recent us involvement in the iraq war , you have an awful record . 
  i would n't say as bad as the nazis but then again hardly anyone could be as bad as them even if they tried . 
   because such states are so small they 're often even more inefficient . 
  for example monaco has the most police officers per capita in the world . 
  i highly doubt it that the smallest states are the most inefficient ones . 
  that random statistic proves nothing about efficiency , besides monaco is a very small and yet very concentrated country , you 're bound to require more police per inhabitant if everybody is in a city as opposed to in rural areas . 
   andorra is to introduce a tax on personal income for the first time as it faces pressure from the its european neighbours to tackle tax evasion . 
  this is good news for the offshore tax havens . 
   where 's salazar when you need him ? 
  dead , i hope . 
  for an anti-communist , he sure was into economic planning , wage and price controls and protectionism . 
  that 's actually quite pathetic , even the loonies that oppose gay marriage in france or the ultra-nationalists get more people out in the streets than those [ kampf dem capital ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pmqxhi3.jpg ) idiots . 
   the demonstration in germany coincides with the 15th anniversary of the european central bank ( ecb ) and will be followed later saturday by similar rallies in both recession-hit spain and portugal . 
    in lisbon , demonstrators are symbolically set to march to the international monetary fund 's ( imf ) representational office . 
    `` this time , there wo n't only be portugal pounding the pavement , but all the people in europe will demonstrate against the austerity recipe , '' portugal 's `` que se lixe la troika '' ( screw the troika ) movement said in a statement . 
  rallies are also expected in 17 other portuguese cities . 
  sorry guys , it was uneventful , these protests are more like marches , a few people show up and they walk together , they make some noise and appear on the news because there 's nothing interesting going on at the moment . . you had much much more people in the streets when porto became national champion now for the third time in a row just two weeks ago . 
   without minimum wage there no unemployment help . 
  how so ? 
   and no investment in productivity , because the employer prefer to lower the wages to invest in machinery to boost productivity . 
  employers always want to maximise profits , with or without a minimum wage . 
  if a machine is more productive than human labour then those jobs will be stop being done by people , just like they what happened agriculture or industry , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  anyway , spain seems to be fine with an youth unemployment rate way over 50 % , you 're spanish and you seem to support this short-sighted measure so i take it you 're fine with your high wages that your minimum wage gives you whereas countries without minimum wage such as singapore must be awful without their minimum wage , with their unemployment at ~ 2 % and with their average wage much higher than that of spain . 
  that 's fucking retarded . 
  if they do n't want people to protest then they should n't be restricting the web , that 's just going to get more neckbeards into the street . 
   but you can force people to work at a loss ( outgoings vs. incomings ) , eh ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  you should n't have to force anyone to do anything , and it would be even more stupid to force them to do something at a loss . 
   then the state has to make up the deficit , or the family 's savings , or the person starves . 
  the minimum wage helps in absolutely nothing . 
   well , that could sometimes happen . 
  sometimes ? 
  always - every time the minimum wage is raised and more people whose productivity is now under the legally imposed threshold minimum , these people go unemployed . 
  companies wo n't pay a guy 566 $ / month if he 's not bringing in at least 566 $ in revenue otherwise it 's the company itself the one losing money and they ca n't operate like that ( or they themselves will end up unemployed ) . 
   also , if we tax the employer then they might leave the country . 
  except that taxes are required to keep certain minimal services such as the courts running and the police doing their work . 
  but sure , too high taxes like the ones here in portugal and all businesses start either leaving the country or collapsing under difficulties . 
   if we enforce laws on the employer then they might leave the country the law is to be enforced on everyone . 
  if it 's a good law , that 's how it should be . 
  and the minimum wage is a bad law that accomplished nothing other than higher unemployment for those most inexperienced in the labour market . 
   with a higher minimum wage , consumers would spend more , some workers could move to being entrepreneurs , savers , or investors , and perhaps there 'd be less tax needed to be paid , or otherwise the state would have more money to spend . 
  wrong , that 's what happens with an higher wage , it 's a different thing than an higher minimum wage . 
  i 'm all for higher wages but if you just impose it and overlook the consequences you 'll end up with more unemployment , not higher wages . 
   because those people do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  most people are n't children either and they do n't need the state to tell them what 's good for them . 
  if an immigrant or an high-school drop-out agree to work for 550 $ / month , the state making it illegal is just making things worse for everybody - the employer loses what could be a valuable worker , the employee loses a job and a way out of poverty and society as a whole has to spend more on unemployment benefits . 
   edit : most people think it 's bad for everyone , and it 's a democracy , so ... 
  if by most people you mean unions , sure , they oppose it , they do n't want competition for their unionised more expensive labour . 
  but if you ask any young person that 's unemployed if they agree to the minimum wage , they 'll all tell you that they 'd rather at least have the chance to work for a bit less than it and then ask for a raise than to be unemployed and have a much more difficult time finding a job . 
   well a decent minimum wage is about allowing people to escape from or not enter poverty . 
  the problem is that it achieves nothing of that . 
  i know that it 's a policy made out of good intentions but good intentions are n't enough . 
  if you do n't mind , watch [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ds0xxfdyfi ) and then tell me how exactly is the minimum wage helpful . 
   yeah man , working full time and recieving a salary below the poverty line , what a shitty attitude indeed . 
  at least without minimum wage she has a choice to work or not to work . 
  with the minimum wage it 's only unemployment . 
   employers - profiting from high unemployment - are exploiting everybody . 
  my sister worked in a bar for 4 euro/h , at the end of the month she had something like 650 euros . 
  full time . 
  if she was being that exploited , ask her why did n't she quit . 
  anyway , i wonder how raising the minimum wage to say 800 $ would prevent that . 
  would they demand her to work unpaid overtime to make up the difference or would her end up fired ? 
  because if you think she 'd just suddenly be going home with more money for free then you 're extremely naive . 
   you ca n't pay people enough to live on for their time and labour now ? 
  no , you ca n't force employers to employ at a loss , if you try to do that then they 'll just not employ unskilled people whose productivity is lower than that of the minimum wage you 'll end up with figures like the greek or the spanish youth unemployment rates , both now way past the 50 % . 
   they have to have ` special skills ' ? 
  how about training them ?!, 
  how about not restricting individuals ? 
  if two adults reach an agreement on a labour contract why should the state have to intervene and say `` oh , that 's illegal , you 're paying him too low '' and ruin what could be a way out from poverty and an opportunity to improve one 's skills on the labour market and of proving one 's worth ? 
  sure , the education system could be improved , if you kept the minimum wage as it is , you 'd see start seeing a substantial drop in youth unemployment in 18 years time . 
  or you could slash laws like the minimum wage now and end with the utmost misery that 's unavoidable unemployment . 
   as proven by which country in the world with low/no minimum wages ? 
  what do you mean by `` proven '' ? 
  is n't it what the minimum wage law says ? 
  if there 's a young guy just out of high school or an immigrant without proper education , you think the minimum wage his good for him ? 
  you think an employer will pay him the minimum wage when , for the same amount , he can hire someone much more qualified ? 
  the law is basically saying `` you 'll be employing that person at a lost and so you should not employ him '' !, 
  you 're only promoting unemployment for those who already have it more difficult !!, 
  btw , if you want an example of a country without a minimum wage , check singapore , they have no minimum wages whatsoever - their unemployment rate is under 2 % ( unlike spain 's which is over 27 % ) and their gdp per capita ppp is of 47.082 $ ( unlike spain 's which is of 25.193 $ ) . 
  the minimum wage basically says you must not employ people who have low skills - i 'd say abolish it already . 
   in / r/nordicunion we specialize on a unification between all those countries in a political , social and philosophical sense . 
  under what welfare system ? 
  you 're using numbers to try and persuade socialist ideologues ? 
  that 's not very effective . 
   ok , now bring on the downvotes , i 'm ready ... 
  i upvoted you though the usa world police bit is just plain stupid . 
   we already trust in the market fairytale hey , if you do n't like the market system , you 're free to not participate in it . 
   why are europeans supposed to be shocked by it ? 
  because there are no stores in socialist utopia yurop . 
   i do n't want poor africans coming over and wasting our welfare money .
