  you could go to r/amazon to buy toy dicks yo put in your ass , i do n't care , i 'm just saying a reddit called male fashions just sounds gay . 
  why do you think i 'm a mean person ? 
  ; _ ;  it 's not gay for a straight man to go clothes shopping , but it is gay for a straight man to talk to other men about their past experiences with the exact same issue ? 
  i do n't understand your question . 
  who said it was gay to talk about the past ? 
   homophobia is a range of negative attitudes and feelings toward homosexuality or people who are identified or perceived as being lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender ( lgbt ) . 
  definitions refer variably to antipathy , contempt , prejudice , aversion , irrational fear , and hatred . 
  i 'm not nasty to them , i do n't hate them and i do n't fear them . 
  how can i be homophobic for simply pointing out that something sounds gay ? 
   you 're an idiot . 
  why are you so rude ? 
  why are you being so insulting ? 
   why does it sound gay ? 
  because it 's male fashion . 
  only gays would want to take a closer look at what other men wear . 
   is dressing well only a privilege that gays have or what ? 
  dressing well ? 
  being a homo and comparing clothes and such ? 
  that sounds very gay to me . 
  they dun goofed . 
  when compared to basque or catalan separatism , the others in spain are a joke . 
  as an outsider , i 've read plentiful about scottish independence , i 've seen a lot catalan wanting to be its own country sovereign of spain but i 've never heard about any serious attempt of bavarian separatism . 
  european male fashion ? 
  you do n't even begin to realize how gay this sounds . . 
  it 's [ these damn fish ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/melanocetus_2.jpg ) . 
  it sounds like a far-fetched and inefficient strategy to me . 
  i mean , the president not standing by its own office 's measures does n't sound like good policy to me . 
  but if it works there , i guess fine , i 'm just not understanding how people would fall for that . 
   this coming from you after being so rude in your initial post ? 
  i 'm not rude :(  ya , just like running at 160 km/h and jumping hundreds of meters while in the mountains . 
  just like sprinting in the rain at 20 km/h and jumping hundreds of centimetres over the water puddles to catch the bus . 
  i did just that today and it was shit . 
  doing it alone and in the cold looks just as grim . 
   no i said we had been a stable country for 300 years , regardless of our institutions . 
  stable for 300 years ? 
  not even 100 years ago the irish declared independence , that was armed conflict in your own backward , how 's that for 300 years stability ? 
   not really going to address your beliefs that the queen is a despot . 
  i did n't say that , i just mentioned that you did n't vote for them . 
  you know , a frequent criticism of the eu made by some brits is that they did n't vote for the eu figureheads , i 'm simply pointing out how ridiculous that claim is coming from a country that 's a ( constitutional ) monarchy . 
   if you appreciate democracy criticism of undemocratic actions and institutions within the eu should be something you accept and understand . 
  yeah , i do just that , sometimes i do tease and go out of my way to mess with euroskeptics but it 's nothing , really . 
   eurosceptics should not frowned upon for pointing it out , and `` look to your own government '' is not a valid defence of eu procedure/policy . 
  it is when it proves cognitive dissonance . 
  it 's actually quite useful to demonstrate someone 's true ideology and the fact that they take their own government to a much lower standard than they take the eu organizations . 
  you 're absolutely right if you point out that the eu has its flaws , however if you 're absolutely silent about those very same flaws in your own government ( which affects you much more than the eu ever will ) then people like me are going to point that out . 
  considering you 're all now acting super defensive , i figure i 'm right when i say you have different standards and that a lot of your criticism is not done with good intentions but it 's actually done because its the eu . 
   coming from a country that has only spent 40 years as a democracy just like you , we 've had elections for a long time , even when we had the kings around . 
  so saying you 've been a democracy for 300 years when we 've only been a democracy for 40 is simply wrong . 
  also , your democracy for the most of its time has had stuff like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_union_of_women%27s_suffrage_societies ) or [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/women%27s_social_and_political_union ) , so do n't pretend you 've always been a shinning beacon of freedom whereas we 've always been oppressed . 
  and while you can talk about the estado novo all you want , we at least get a vote on our head of state and on all other representatives . 
   are you retarded ? 
  why are you rude ? 
   not notice the last link ? 
  i 'd rather be in the snow where i can ski than anywhere else . 
  yes , i noticed it . 
  what about sliding in the snow ? 
  it 's just like running through the rain but drier and colder . 
   rather be socially awkward then believing in bullshit religions talking about nothing . 
  religion ? 
  who 's religious ? 
  yeah , as if that was the average norwegian experience with snow . 
  not being stuck at home with nothing to do because it 's snowing outside . 
  no wonder they 're all socially awkward , they never get to socialize from living so far up north where even the polar bears have to wear jackets . 
  we all do , right ? 
  was n't it the uk the one who spent the most public money on their financial sector ? 
  ok then , i 'm just going to cry in the corner now . 
  so proof that the eu is fascist is my country going through a financial hardship ? 
  are you even trying to make sense ? 
  portugal has n't been a monarchy for over a century and i do n't even care that much about football . 
  but do go on , you 're bound to find something that will get me mad , right ? 
   besides i do n't see the eu project as a serious democratic project , it 's a mess of pigs with their snouts in our wallets , it deserves mockery and contempt . 
  speaks the guy with a queen as head of state , a house of lords where people are n't voted in ( some got there because they 're appointed bishops or others because or right of birth ) with the ability to make laws and a government that taxes its citizens ( just like all the others ) . 
  if you really are an euroskeptic and hate the eu , you should be much more a british skeptic and even more a hater of your own country . 
  but i guess your cognitive dissonance does n't allow that , after all , on mr. murdoch 's news , they only talk shit about the eu , right ? 
   europhile : a person who likes young currencies that under the age of consent . 
  the euro was introduced to the financial markets in 1999 , that makes it almost 14 . 
  i can already fuck the euro if i take it to galicia or i can wait 3 more months have have legal sex with it here . 
  does that make me an europhile ? 
   oh no , someone does n't want to be part of our federation but still wants to take pot-shots at it and criticize everything for the sake of criticizing , not letting others pursue their goals of further eu integration . 
  ftfy . 
   best type in caps to insult them and put pictures up of the plane crash one of the individuals holding these beliefs had . 
  yeah , i insulted you a lot . 
  the worst part was the pic with the caption `` great new heights '' and the image of a plane crash with farage in it . 
   you seemingly already concede intellectual defeat by way of your unprovoked rage at us . 
  yeah , you won intellectually because i 'm raging . 
  in fact , my rage is such , i 'm going to bomb the irish embassy in spain . 
   maybe that video in the other thread got to you and deep in your heart you know the eu is entirely like that and we 've been right all along . 
  yes , that video made me accept that the eu is a fascist regime just like [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90g0kyolr7m ) got me to support the ussr , [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9fsv2pizbm ) to support mitt romney , [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fzrse_p1ys ) to support the boer genocide and [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47f7cfythmg ) to accept satan as my saviour . 
  lol , a brit telling me why i should hate the eu . 
   there is a reason why it is a minister saying that and not the president : whenever the liberal reforms are passed he can just be laid off so as to reverse decisions like that . 
  the heck ? 
  so you 're saying their strategy is having ministers pandering to the far-left , the president not taking any part in it and claiming not being responsible for their views and statements , then these minsters implementing the exact opposite of what they preached and if things do n't go as planned , hollande sacking them and expecting to salvage his reputation ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  lol , ca n't i tease about the mainstream ideology in your country that you have to make up stuff to try and mock mine ? 
  nice try though xd, 
   for people getting to work at 8 i just do n't care . 
  yeah , in the morning it 's usually more difficult , but still , if i 'm on the subway , we 're all stuck together and nobody is sleeping or focused on anything else , i 'll have no problem with talking with people , specially if they 're my age and are going to university like me ( most of them are all stuck together ) . 
  at the end of the day , then there 's the extra rush to not miss the bus and not arrive late home but still , yeah , most people are more willingly to talk then . 
  it 's not people talk at ease with random strangers , it 's that they do n't mind so and do n't all shy away in their seats . 
  oh yeah , i saw a swastika in there , i guess i know what this is about , my dear euroskep .
