  they 're [ hugo boss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hugo_boss ) . 
   however , due to the economic climate in germany at the time boss was forced into bankruptcy . 
  in 1931 he reached an agreement with his creditors , leaving him with 6 sewing machines to start again . 
  the same year , he became a member of the nazi party and a sponsoring member ( `` f\u00f6rderndes mitglied '' ) of the schutzstaffel ( ss ) . 
   as a spaniard living in the us ouch , that must be annoying , being in a country where people call a language as beautiful as spanish the language of living in the guetto or maid language . 
   it 's related to something called pan-european identity which is basically an increased personal identification with europe . 
  [ this link to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan-european_identity ) has more information regarding this issue . 
  ftfy . 
  there 's no need to sound douchy like that telling people to `` look it up on wikipedia '' . 
  are these extreme right-wingers more comparable to nazis or to faggots ? 
  i 'm asking this question because [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/efpu6.jpg ) got me thinking ... 
  it 's kind of impossible to do that . 
  sure , if you show me a pale blond girl with freckles i 'd probably say she 's from northern europe but it 's just generalizations and preconceptions , but being able to say from where someone is just by looking at them is just crazy , even if you did n't consider how easy it is to nowadays move and gain citizenship . 
  and how about those whose parents have different nationalities ? 
  how so ? 
  is the eu there seen as not doing enough for civil liberties ? 
  how is ireland not a sovereign country and how would ireland being out of the eu improve its situation ? 
  so are you anti further integration within the eu or anti swiss entrance in the eu ? 
  a two party system is definitely not what the want !, 
  i 'm actually pretty happy that here in portugal , for example , in the last legislative election there were 3 parties with at least 10 % of the votes , 5 parties with at least 5 % and 7 parties with at least 1 % !, 
  while pretty much those who gather less than 10 % of the public vote are the crazies or very specific ones , it 's a much better system than just two very identical parties switching time in the power with no new ideas coming into politics !, 
  if the eu is ever to become a federation , it must be with proportional representation , not with first past the post !, 
  i think you 're right , and regarding the internal policies , it will never be possible to equalize eu states with usa ones , we 're just too different : portugal 's approach to drug laws or immigration is in no way similar to than of the uk , and even in simpler things , you ca n't tax people the same in sweden than you do for example in hungary , trying to make these laws the same in all of the eu would most definitely be more harmful than good and it should continue to be each state 's responsibility . 
  however , there 's some issues which the eu needs to make simpler and easier for everyone in it , and some examples of that would be which products are taxed or not ( for example , it would be bad for the free market that a said product not taxed in a country had to stop at the border to pay taxes for the country it was entering because the laws are different ) . 
  and there 's also the need for further integration in issues regarding police and immigration agencies , for example , so the point is that while there 's some issues which are definitely better to be the same for everyone , most of the times the states would continue to have the responsibility they already do , this while making sure the eu has a single voice when we 're talking about international politics . 
  they have their own youtube channels , updated regularly , which do provide some insight to the work they do : http://www.youtube.com/user/barroso http://www.youtube.com/user/hermanvanrompuy http://www.youtube.com/user/eutube though i fully agree with you , even if they 're not bad or mean-intended people , it would help the eu a lot to have its leaders legitimized through universal suffrage and not just elected through the meps . 
  and making the eu more like a federation with a common constitution would just further integration and that would ultimately be very good for us europeans . 
   and if you think their human sacrifices was somewhat a justifiable reason to end them then i would advice you to look up your own country 's history and maby portugal should have been destroyed instead we never slaughtered by the thousands children from other tribes to offer their hearts to our gods and while we were n't righteous and were striving for global peace , we certainly were n't as evil by today 's standards than they were . 
  and by just saying that `` maybe portugal instead should have been destroyed '' , you 're just being ridiculous . 
   i 've read about the portuguese colonization of brazil and no one was as bad as you , let me tell you that . 
  now you 're just trolling , the portuguese were arguably the most peaceful ones , while the spanish were pillaging the gold from the mesoamericans and the english were fighting the natives in north america , portugal was actually trading with the natives from south america and brazil . 
   this is one of the things historians agree that it 's actually that black and white , there 's nothing you can say that will change that . 
  source ? 
  oh , and if your going to continue with personal attacks , let me tell you that the whole viking thing and the plundering and pillaging of all northern europe is n't exactly an history of moral high-ground in which you can criticize others ' past . 
   we wiped out entire cultures , enslaved entire populations , sacked entire cities . 
  we killed , raped , mutilated people . 
  we stole fathers , mothers , children , houses , ressources , food , gold . 
  hey , it was n't just that , it was never that black and white . 
  everyone acted like barbarians back in the xvi century , we just became more powerful than everyone else , though not necessarily more cruel . 
  for example , here next to the mediterranean there were occasionally raiding parties by [ barbary corsairs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_corsairs ) whose purpose was to capture europeans to sell them as slaves in africa . 
  and even when we talk about our slavery in which africans were shipped to the americas to work in the plantations , it was n't us the ones who 'd capture the slaves in africa , it was the captain of the ship that payed in gold for slaves in africa and they where happy to oblige and would sell themselves slaves from other tribes without any moral issue to the portuguese who 'd then just ship them to work in brazil . 
  and when you talk about destruction of entire cultures , just keep in mind while the spanish were never a nice bunch when it came to the age of the discoveries , the other people were n't that nice as well , let me remind you that the aztecs performed gory human sacrifices on a daily basis for ages until we europeans arrived there and nearly exterminated them all with our diseases and war , and even in that conflict it was some hundred spanish and an entire army of natives who despised the aztecs versus the aztecs themselves . 
  this little rant is n't to promote slavery or to state that we europeans never did anything wrong , but the truth is they were just as bad , the ones we colonized were often just as bad if not worse than us , our luck was just that we were more technologically advanced and thus they were not as susceptible to suffer from those tragedies as they were . 
  if this is offensive for you , you really should n't be online , trust me , there 's much worse out there . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lisbon_%28disambiguation%29 ) :  lisbon , california ( disambiguation ) , various places   lisbon , connecticut   lisbon , florida   lisbon , illinois   lisbon , iowa   lisbon , louisiana   lisbon , maine   lisbon , maryland   lisbon , new hampshire   lisbon , new york   lisbon , north dakota   lisbon , ohio   lisbon , juneau county , wisconsin   lisbon , waukesha county , wisconsin also [ also ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_lisbon ) :  new lisbon , indiana  new lisbon , new jersey , today pemberton , new jersey  new lisbon , new york  new lisbon , ohio , today lisbon , ohio  new lisbon , wisconsin  new lisbon township , missouri but whatever , at least like that they acknowledge the rest of the world 's existence , even if it 's just in the names of their cities . 
  what do you want with me ? 
  no , it was overspending that got us in the mess we 're in . 
  it wo n't be overspending that will get us out of it . 
  if austerity is failing why are we ( portugal ) better now than we were one year ago with a socialist government who refused to acknowledge its spending was the culprit of our economic downturn ? 
  oh , and now i 'm just speculating , but i 'm pretty sure sarkozy will be reelected . 
  typical unions , say they want more and better work and spread the message by not working and not letting others work . 
  you actually think he 's from north korea ? 
  that 's the worst part , when people outright ignore contradicting evidence in an effort to continue to support their dogmas . 
  i also know people who seriously try to convince others communism is actually a good thing and that life in north korea or cuba is n't as bad as they portray it , ignoring everything about the cubans who risk their life in rafts trying to make it to florida or the people from east germany who risked their lives trying to make it past the berlin wall . 
  in portugal the swastika is allowed and the hammer and sickle are common , the [ communists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_communist_party ) put it everywhere and they have seats in the assembly of the republic . 
  i imagine that in spain the law is similar . 
   considering the shitfest that is this country  the rest of the world already knows how much it sucks mete-te no real caralho . 
   pimentel says the portuguese can not be expected to remain stoical for ever . 
  `` i think it will explode eventually , '' she said . 
  `` it is impossible for people to remain this passive . '', 
  clearly she was talking out of her ass . 
  origin of the map : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_regina] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europa_regina ) just trying to prove a point : nowadays one can look into almost anything and , with enough effort , convince others that such thing is racist . 
  we 're just oversensitive about anything that might be considered racist , but let 's not go overboard and end up like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-olfnxjrg9q, 
   we would also at start spell it like ` yose ' but then quick bump in the head , realisation it 's portugese ( which sounds similar to spanish , please do n't hit me ! ), 
  and then we 'd prolly say ` hose ' :  gah !, 
  you did it all wrong when you said portugese and not portuguese !, 
  : x now more seriously , yes , portuguese is very similar to spanish but not in this case , you read jos\u00e9 as you read john . 
  if you do n't believe me , there 's always people talking about jos\u00e9 mourinho or jos\u00e9 manuel barroso , most of them say it right . 
  the spanish in this case would read it as ros\u00e9 . 
  it 's kind of hard to explain because the r the spanish use in this case is not like the one in english , it 's much stronger , perhaps this will explain the difference : [ jos\u00e9 ( manuel dur\u00e3o barroso ) in spanish ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=diue8pegdpm#t=9s ) vs [ jos\u00e9 ( s\u00f3crates ) in portuguese ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=8vahq0zrqse#t=5s ) . 
  but yeah , if you said it like hose , it would be fine . 
  :p  now , i wo n't give you my full name , i hope that you will understand that of course , and it would be foolish otherwise , it 's just not wise to provide personal information to anonymous over the internet . 
  szcz ?? 
  i have a hard time saying czech republic properly , i would n't dream in a million years to be able to say that correctly !, 
  i mean , how do you even make it sound good with almost no vowels ? 
  it 's just so different than what i 'm used to !, 
  thanks for the input , you have to realize these things may sound odd to us who are n't in on this issue . 
  now i 'm curious , what 's your name ? 
  i 'll even tell my first two names , i mean , they 're really common so it 's ok , i wo n't be giving out my real identity online , they 're jos\u00e9 manuel , so yeah , please tell me yours if you do n't mind because i 'm curious . 
  :p btw , the english are surprisingly good in saying it , they usually kill any language better than anyone else kills english , at least they say my name properly and not like ros\u00e9 ( as the spanish do ) or yose ( like the scandinavian do with their `` j '' ) . 
  not that any of it matters , they could call me joseph if it made things simpler for them that i would n't be upset about it one bit , and that 's what i 'm trying to figure out , why you seem to be giving such importance to something like that . 
  yeah , that was silly , officially speaking here in portugal there is no `` w '' as well ( and also no `` k '' or `` y '' ) , but people use it anyway , specially with so much words now from english . 
  they 're everywhere and just have to be on the keyboards . 
  :p what most english keyboards lack is the accents ( the \u00b4 ` ~ ^ ) and also the '' \u00e7 '' , but most languages have their own funny accents or extra letters like the u with the dots , the a with the little ball or the ae together that the french use , so it 's no big deal , it 's probably just the polish overreacting to something rather unimportant . 
  is this racist ? 
  fortunately for us , sarksozy 's threats are obviously empty . 
  i mean , i highly doubt he would in his right mind go as far as controlling france 's borders again . 
  i mean , really ? 
  what would he achieve by that other than pissing off mostly french , spanish , italians , germans and belgians ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  there 's still very strict border control , it just depends on what border you 're talking about . 
  sure , but like i said , they can adopt here as well , it 's just a matter of semantics and the mess that is adopting here . 
  i just find it odd that even so portugal only rates 10 when it did so much for its lgbt community , that 's all . 
  wait , portugal scores less than the uk when you have the portuguese constitution saying there shall be no discrimination based on sexual orientation and they can get married just as everybody else ? 
  the only thing portugal does n't have is homosexual couples being able to adopt , but that 's mainly an issue of the adoption rules being really really strict ( the paperwork takes years ) and it 's still legal for them to adopt if they do so and register as if it was a single parent . 
  i know who they are and what they say , but it 's not like i 'm that bothered by the shit they say , we 're an ocean apart after all , they do n't have any power here and we ca n't vote there . 
  what `` bothers '' me is how irrelevant to europe and r/europe 's that is , seriously , i just do n't give two shits about what santorum or his bffs have to say about us . 
  in fact , fuck them , what do they even know ? 
  who gives a shit about what some american politicians think about european politics ? 
  most generalizations about a determined group of people are not to be taken seriously .
