   it 's natural , because humans invented it all . 
  we 're talking about medical conditions here , not about inventions . 
  4/10 - average troll . 
   pedophiles are n't criminals , pedophilia is a sexual orientation . 
  if it 's ok to have sex with people against their own will then it should also be ok to kill them against their own will . 
  and while i know you 're just trolling and you do n't support neither rape nor murder , it 's funny to think about a situation where someone says `` rape is ok , it 's a matter of sexual orientation '' to be then gang-banged for being such an idiot . 
   still , it 's a * set in the right direction sorry , i meant * step, 
   why do n't we allow pedophiles to adopt children ? 
  for the same reasons why murderers are n't allowed to adopt children , because they 're criminals and would be awful parents . 
   homosexuals are not meant to marry or adopt children , because it 's biologically unnatural and makes no practical sense due to their inability as a couple to beget children . 
  you know what 's also unnatural ? 
  to wear glasses , to live in brick houses and to be online . 
   i still think that cap was ( was , and not is ) a good thing because it allowed europe to become independant when it come to food . 
  i disagree with you on this as cap worked and works much like the corn laws and the best device for providing the most amount of goods at the cheapest price is a free market and not a centralised planned economy , this back in the day and still now . 
  though , as you can see , i 'm all for free markets so no wonder i 've always been opposed to cap , then and now . 
  i personally think we should do what new zealand did and get rid of all agricultural subsidies though , as you can see , this can be a controversial position . 
   hum , the cap is also a source of income for poland , germany , spain , italy , ... cap is protectionism , it 's centralised planning , it 's administrative price controls , it 's a great waste , it 's a drain on the whole eu economy and it 's the work of the french agricultural lobby . 
  europe would be much better off without cap . 
   britain is just as bad with special terms . 
  i think they have the most exceptions in eu law . 
  between wanting to be exempt from bad laws ( like the uk has done ) and wanting to impose bad laws on everyone ( like france has done ) , the uk 's role has been much better for the eu as a whole . 
   no it ca n't . 
  yes , it can . 
  the eu would in fact be much better off without cap , without the strasbourg parliament and without all the other socialistic and protectionist policies the french have imposed on all of the eu . 
  europe may survive without britain but it certainly would be much worse off without them and their influence . 
  as for france , while i still want them in , europe would most definitely be better off without the policies they implemented . 
  it was already allowed for gay people to adopt , they just could n't adopt as a gay couple . 
  still , it 's a set in the right direction , everybody should be treated equally and our own constitution forbids discrimination based on sexual orientation . 
   has it occurred to you that the combination is what does the trick ? 
  plenty of countries have done the reforms without the stimulus and turned out great . 
  stimulus only serve to delay the problems into the future , it 's spend now and tax later ( in case of fiscal policy ) or experience inflation later ( in case of monetary policy ) - that 's no trick at all , that 's not how you experience growth in any longer period of time . 
   you can cut in one place and invest in another . 
  in our case , smaller cuts have been made into areas like unemployment benefits , but the primary source of surplus resources are from increasing efficiency with structural reforms ( including digitalisation ) . 
  not keynesianism . 
   increasing inflation has , however , not been a key tool historically . 
  the danish krone , for example , has been pegged to larger currencies ( first the d-mark , now the euro ) for decades . 
  not keynesianism . 
  we did plenty of that in order to stimulate the economy , and you can look up our inflation rates to see how bad it got , we got to a peak of  50 % inflation/year and from 1974 to 1984 it averaged 25 % / year , only when we were forced to stop that to join the euro did our inflation come tumbling down , only after 1995 did we start experiencing inflation rates below 5 % . . 
  so do n't tell me you 've experiencing keynesianism because while you certainly have tried to stabilise your economy in downturns , you 've paid back what you owe in the upturns , it was never constant stimulus , if you want to know what permanent stimulus looks like , look at our economy from 1974 till 1995 ( both in terms of fiscal and monetary policy ) or at our economy from 1974 till 2011 ( in terms of fiscal policy ) . 
   we 've taken loans , then paid them back with the results of the investment . 
  i mean , it 's not exactly an unusual way to go about things , is it ? 
  not keynesianism , not `` we can constantly go into deficit spending '' . 
   you 're arguing against stimulus in general , asserting that all stimulus entails eternal debt , which is n't true . 
  i 'm arguing against constant stimulus , i 'm arguing for example at permanent expansionary fiscal policies ( ending up with over 100 % of public debt in terms of gdp and continuing to rise ) and at permanent monetary stimulus ( there have been over 500 decreases in the interest rates set by central banks all over the world since 2008 ) . 
   the problem comes , of course , when investments do n't pay off , but infrastructure and education almost always do -- provided everyone is n't corrupt . 
  with regards to infrastructure , no , it does n't , we 're the 2nd oecd country with the most roads per square km ( only behind luxembourg ) and what a waste , you can go 30min in one of those roads and not meet a single car , this even during broad daylight , no wonder these bullshit investments will never pay off , we built so many roads leading to nowhere and now it 's time to pay back and it hurts . 
  same thing with the tgv , all the bridges , yet another highway between porto and lisbon . . 
  i do can tell you it 's been a great mistake to spend all this money and not letting private individuals being the ones to spend it and invest it !!, 
  as for education , it depends , if you 're giving them shit education or paying them so they can become artists and sculptors , well , it 's more money down the drain , and we 've been doing that as well . 
   you mean the uk that chose austerity and now has the largest primary deficit of the eu ? 
  no , i 'm not talking about the post-2008 uk which has constantly been stimulating its banking sector , that is small scale keynesianism , i 'm talking about full blown keynesianism that was applied post-ww2 ( at least till thatcher came along ) , you know , the [ post-war consensus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/post-war_consensus ) and the [ whole mess that made the uk the sick man of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_history_of_the_united_kingdom#nationalisation ) which was only stopped in the 80s when the constant stimulating stopped and when actual reforms took place . 
   and in the case of keynes , he was right . 
  his medicine did wonders in countries such as ecuador , greece and the uk . 
  oh right , it did n't !, 
  this is a greater irony than fucking for virginity . 
   the ukip leader was finally whisked away in a police riot van under a tirade of abuse from a crowd of about 50 young demonstrators -- students , anti-racist campaigners and activists in the radical left pro-scottish independence movement -- after being forced to retreat not once , twice or three times , but four times . 
  this warrants arrests . 
   stimulus is literally the primary component of the way that scandinavian societies have handled crises for 80 years you 've done much more than that . 
   it 's usually combined with structural reforms which is what 's necessary . 
  if you succeed on the long run , it 's because of these and not because of spending ad infinitum or printing money non stop like plenty of keynesians suggest . 
   austerity on the small scale how can you say you 've constantly been stimulating the economy when austerity is the opposite of a stimulus ? 
  i said something like `` you ca n't keep on borrowing forever without paying back '' and you said `` we 've been doing that for 80 years while sometimes stopping so that we could pay our loans back '' - so you 're just giving me reason . 
   homosexuality in hungary is better as in finland or austria ? 
  somehow i highly doubt that ... and the uk higher than the scandinavian countries and all that . . that map is bollocks . 
   i do n't see it . 
    maybe it 's because i 'm colourblind . 
   should we ( as in the uk ) put more focus on developing our manufacturing even further , particularly luxury goods and automobiles ? 
  absolutely . 
  should there be plans to diversify economy , in order to not be as dependent on the city and london in general ? 
  absolutely so you want to continue to steer the market instead of letting it be free ? 
  absolutely not . 
  do n't people learn from history ? 
   should we finally understand that we might need to use fiscal stimulus and return to counter-cyclical style of keynesian economics ? 
  you bet . 
  the problem with that being that keynesian solutions merely delay the problem into the future and they 're a too dandy option for politicians who keep on pressing for stimulus while delaying the eventual contraction to the next guy in office . 
  everybody wants to be the good guy and to stimulate the economy - if it was possible , everybody would run constant deficits and print currency , we 'd be under permanent fiscal and monetary stimulus - and even though it 's impossible , we keep on trying it one way or the other , the bad effects of the debt or the inflation will only show up in the future and by then it will be somebody else 's problem . 
   but we have to take an active role in this . 
  acknowledge our neighbors and start working with them with eager enthusiasm , rather than threatening to leave clearly at the worst possible time . 
  be at the forefront of fixing this mess together and for all.after all , we 're all in a similar situation . 
  now you 're absolutely right . 
  despite the eu 's many flaws , it can still be saved . 
  hopefully we can work together to fix it . 
   `` labour reforms '' is an euphemism for making it easier to fire people , lowering the minimum wage , removing collective bargaining and union busting . 
  harder to fire =  more incentives to not hire in the first place higher minimum wage =  higher unemployment for teens and minorities extensive collective bargaining =  higher unemployment for those not unionised, 
   as is , the 3 of them are used every single day by most portuguese , and their wages are only get smaller . 
  you use every day 0.02 $ and 0.01 $ coins ? 
  you must be a coin collector , that must be it . 
   what costs 1 or 2c in portugal ? 
  absolutely nothing at all . 
  [ some items here ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http://www.continente.pt/productscategory.aspx%3fcategoryname%3d12%26categorypath%3d&amp;act=url ) . 
   '' those coins are completely unnecessary anywhere in europe , get rid of them . '', 
    portugal begs to differ , they 're used every single day , more and more as wages decrease . 
  no , they do not , everybody fucking hates them , 0.02 $ is not even 0.005 % the minimum wage . 
  gosh , i did n't need to see that pic : x, 
   they 're only obliged to take the money in case of debt , not at a point of sale . 
  not here though :p, 
  holy shit , where 's the mistake in there ? 
   could you explain this calculation error ? 
  he probably means [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ebo37/fitch_upgrades_greece_from_ccc_to_b/c9ys86x ) . 
   he can just refuse that .
