  they do n't . 
  though farmers do love to act like they do . 
  [ bbc link with video ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-20166436 ) . 
   dave , with nobody to keep him in check and straight forwardly oppose him , is pretty much the worst thing that could have happen to uk . 
  what 's so bad about david cameron ? 
  i 'm not british so i 'm definitely less informed than you in regards to uk 's politics but it seems to me david cameron is actually great once you compare him with some members of his party or of the opposition . 
   asking for a referendum is a back handed way of asking to leave europe because the people of the uk will definitely vote against it . 
  saying they should n't have a referendum because they 'd choose the ` wrong ' option is an argument against democracy . 
  the eu is n't about keeping people in against their own will . 
  if they do want to leave , fine , let them , just because the rest of us and specially them might end up worse off in the long run , we ca n't choose for them and deny them the right of re-evaluating their relationship with the eu . 
  the brits are more than capable and responsible enough to choose for themselves , what are you afraid of ? 
  the referendum needs to happen , the worst case scenario would be them choosing ` no ' when asked if they want to continue within the eu but it would be mostly their loss and the rest of us would be able to proceed with european integration without them always threatening to veto . 
  though i personally think that they would n't vote ` no ' simply because it would be very harmful to their business interests , and so the referendum would be great as it would once and for all settle their issues with the eu and we 'd be able to get much more done without them lashing out on anything that comes out of brussels . 
   scatalonia [ ahahahahaha ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ssutlahbwe ), 
   hurr durr , american tourists are bad stay mad . 
   pretty sure americans would lose all reason to go there if it was . 
  `` yeah yeah , anne frank , windmills , whatever . 
  give me some weed !!! '', 
  as obnoxious as american tourists are in europe , it sure would be hard to say no to all that money . 
  it 's one thing to hate on americans when they show up and start doing retarded things , it 's another to hate on them just because . 
  please do n't . 
  information wants to be free !, 
   if there 's one thing this crisis has shown is that agriculture should absolutely be subsidized by subsidizing agriculture , you 're making it a much greater burden to society and you 're making sure it 's the taxpayers that will have to pay for the inefficiency of the farmers as these will have their products subsidized regardless of them being competitive or not . 
   on a larger , global level , the same logic can be applied to europe , we do not want to get pressured into doing something because the chinese wo n't sell us rice or the americans their corn . 
  this is an argument for protectionism . 
  we had a lot of this here in europe before the eec and it was never any good for anyone - it promotes inefficiency and allows for trade wars and conflicts to escalate because it 's much easier to do so if countries are n't interdependent . 
  also , it 's not like it would be in china 's interest to embargo us on rice of the usa on corn , nor would be these embargoes be that dangerous as they 're not the only world suppliers of rice or corn . 
  besides , even if china , the usa , brazil , africa and everybody else for some irrational reason decided not to sell us any of these agricultural goods , i 'm sure it would n't take long before we ourselves started cultivating it and deny those other countries from their exportation profits and essentially make their embargo irrelevant . 
   by unfair i mean they 're not competing on equal terms . 
  nobody ever competes on ` equal terms ' . 
  though you 're right , a freer market would remove some of the restrictions making agriculture more attractive for other countries , it would n't be such a burden on the eu 's taxpayers and it would free workforce from agriculture and into sectors where we 'd have a greater advantage . 
   if we got rid of the tariffs on food imports as well as cap we could easily purchase cheaper food imported from africa/asia and support those economies through trade rather than giving aid . 
  agreed as well . 
  in fact , they 'd probably benefit more if they were more dependent on their own labour and less dependent on foreign aid and we eu consumers would also benefit from not requiring to subsidizing agriculture . 
  everyone except the uncompetitive eu/french farmer would benefit from this . 
   it 's very unfair to farmers from third world countries who rely on exporting to make a living to have to compete not only with eu tariffs but with heavy subsidies as well . 
  while i agree with the rest of your post , this is a silly argument , first off , ` unfair ' is very subjective , secondly , nobody 's forcing them to specialize in agriculture and/or exporting it to europe . 
  in fact , it would be quite stupid for them to do so when we 've had cap for so long . 
  if anything , cap should be scrapped for how highly inefficient it is . 
  it 's absurd how we 're talking about everyone having to do some sacrifices while highly wasteful programs like cap continue to receive massing funding . 
  it 's quite often literally money going to waste as the supply ends up being exaggerate and the food going past the expiration dates before being bought in the market . 
   because agriculture is still important in our economy [ 2 % of gdp ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/nv.agr.totl.zs ) , a lot of it being artificial , coming straight from eu funds , that 's considered ` important ' ? 
   and it is culturally extremely important . 
  once upon a time , protectionism was also culturally extremely important . 
  absolute monarchies , religious persecutions and wars with england as well . 
  something being ` culturally extremely important ' is n't a justification . 
  cap must be efficient and work as intended or it should be either reformed or scrapped . 
   leave ? 
  why would i leave ? 
  why would england leave ? 
  because you clearly do n't want to be in ? 
  austerity = / = increase in taxes, 
  not germany . 
  holy fuck , do the mods here continue to ban you ? 
   but in the long term , the eu probably would be better off with turkey as a member . 
  why ? 
   looks like i ca n't win here . 
  no , but if you agree with what you said before , you can leave . 
   and in the meantime , individual countries are making deals that suit them better than a collective agreement . 
   i think a eurasian superstate would be kinda cool ... drop the crack , that shit 's bad for ya . 
  [ people who think we should ever unite with israel , iran , cambodia , china and south korea in an eurasian superstate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hoozl.gif ) . 
  what are we discussing here ? 
  that british taxpayer money should n't have to support the department for international development , that dfid should n't send money to palestine or that prisoners there should n't be paid for what they produce while jailed ? 
  while the first and second one are up for the debate , the third one should never be an issue . 
  criminals or not , work always has to be paid for , they 're already paying back their debt to society by being incarcerated , forcing them to do unremunerated work as well is a crime of its own , that would be prison slave labour . 
   berlin 's proposals for a european union `` super commissioner '' with powers to police national budgets and punish those with large deficits . 
  while the budgets do need to be more strictly controlled to avoid runaway public debt in some member-states , what do they mean with ` punishment ' ? 
  will the member-states on a worse situation be fined ? 
  how the heck is that going to solve the problem ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we do n't need more disincentives to get even more debt , specially not punishments which could make the original problem even worse while not fixing any of the issues !, 
  i also hate the place , i just thought this was a funny pic . 
  [ the church taking a stand against pedophilia ? 
   try legalising drugs in the us or in italy ... 
  drugs are n't legalised , they 're decriminalised . 
  the difference is that here if you 're caught with drugs but they 're less than 10 daily doses ( as more than this and it can be considered trafficking which is still illegal ) , you wo n't go to jail but rather to counselling ( which , afaik , you can refuse and simply do n't show up ) . 
  however i fail to understand how this is relevant . 
  if anything , you 're giving me reason when i say religion is mostly irrelevant in terms of economic growth . 
  you have portugal which you say is reasonable because it decriminalised drugs albeit it being a religious country , you have the usa which you say is n't reasonable because they 're very strict with drugs because they 're religious and you have sweden which is mostly irreligious but is also very strict with relation to drugs - it seems to me religion is n't an issue , both in drug control and in economic growth . 
  i fully agree with you , but i found something funny :  a [ confederation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation ) , in modern political terms , is a permanent union of political units for common action in relation to other units . 
  usually created by treaty but often later adopting a common constitution , confederations tend to be established for dealing with critical issues ( such as defense , foreign affairs , or a common currency ) , with the central government being required to provide support for all members . 
  so we keep it calling an eu federation when we actually want a confederation . 
  i agree with you , it 's silly , different states have different needs and i for one do n't see any benefit of energy policy being responsibility of the eu . 
  some countries have oil , others want to invest in nuclear , others have a greater benefit if they rely more on solar . . why does atomickoala think this would be best left for the eu ? 
   you can add in a few more too ; energy ( ... ) agriculture & fishing what would be the benefit of having the eu responsible for energy ? 
  and , if anything , [ cap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy ) and [ cfp ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_fisheries_policy ) have been a failure . 
  the eu should instead focus on freeing the single market , not on wasting funds in massively subsidizing farming and fishing , cap and cfp should be limited to environmental and quality regulation . 
  yeah , that 's up for debate . 
  here 's the full story as it 's in the ft :  ** eu draft budget shows $ 50bn in cuts **   by joshua chaffin in brussels   a fresh draft of the eu 's long-term budget has shaved $ 50bn from the original proposal , in a partial concession to the uk and other member states determined to contain the bloc 's spending . 
    the draft , circulated late on monday night , marked the first time that member states have specified hard figures in their eu budget proposal after more than a year of discussion . 
  as such , it is a highly anticipated moment in the lead-up to a november 22 summit in brussels when the eu 's 27 heads of government will try to reach a deal on one of their most contentious items of business . 
    cyprus , author of the new draft and which , as current holder of the eu 's rotating presidency , has the job of brokering a compromise among governments , called it `` a starting point '' and indicated that `` more sizeable reductions are needed in order to reach a compromise '' . 
    the european commission , the eu 's executive arm , submitted its own proposal last year , calling for a seven-year budget for the period from 2014-2020 totalling $ 1.033 tn -- covering everything from farm subsidies to research and development , and infrastructure . 
  the commission also called for at least $ 50bn in additional spending outside the formal budget . 
    a group of member states , led by germany , have been seeking a budget that amounts to 1 per cent of the bloc 's collective gross domestic product -- or about $ 960bn -- with all items included . 
  the uk has sought an even bigger cut , calling for a real-terms freeze in the budget from 2011 levels . 
    however , the commission gave a cold reception to the cypriot draft , saying it was `` not supported by the commission '' . 
  it added that the commission continued to stand by its own version , `` which strikes the right responsible balance in times of crisis , both in the overall amount and in the balance between policies . 
    the biggest effect of the slimmed down budget would be smaller pot of development funds that mostly benefit the eu 's poorer member states in central and eastern europe . 
    in their draft , the cypriots took the biggest slice from so-called `` cohesion '' funds that aim to reduce economic disparities between poorer and wealthier regions , reducing them by 14 per cent from $ 379.24 bn in the commission proposal to $ 326.49 bn . 
    the cypriots also brought at least three spending programmes -- for nuclear fusion , satellite navigation , and environmental monitoring -- back into the formal budget , pegging them at just over $ 14bn .
