   the new owners decide to cut all of it down they ca n't do that . 
  they have a cap on the number of trees they can cut per year . 
  which is a good thing , they always do that because it 's extra income and they also take the opportunity to clear the forests which makes them much safer during the summer because of the forest fires . 
   i disagree , please post [ please do n't ] ( http://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_is_posting_personal_information_ok.3f ) . 
   it 's pulling away attention from what 's being said to the person saying it , and their body , which is something that happens with female politicians all the time . 
  that 's incredibly offensive for women and it 's just not true . 
   it will cost us money in the long run how so ? 
  it is very annoying when people capitalise every first letter for no good reason . 
   so in the end , i can understand some subsidies . 
  i ca n't , they 're highly inefficient , either a business can support itself without subsidies and that 's great for society or it ca n't and we should n't support uncompetitiveness in the agricultural sector at the expense of the overall competitiveness of society . 
   i have to admit that i ended up googling bastiat - but i liked him . 
  [ he 's a great read ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html ) . 
  check up also on the [ candlestick maker 's petition ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/petition.html )   i am not naive enough to think that we are in a union ( and frankly , i 'd rather not be in one ) . 
  i have to disagree with you . 
  my only issue is where the union is headed , not the union in of itself . 
  same thing with portugal , i 'm not against it , i 'm only against the policies people have implemented in the name of a better future for my country . 
   i 'd really , really like for the eu to have a punishment clause - they so much deserve it . 
  that is never going to happen . 
  the most we can do is to do vote against their subsidies and vote for the lifting of trade restrictions to allow foreign goods to compete with their subsidised goods . 
   i wonder what they are doing . 
  pursuing their self-interest and caving in to their farming lobby . 
  unfortunately it 's in direct conflict with the self-interest of every taxpayer in the eu , where we to organise like they did and cap would be finished just like that . 
  this would all be solved if we were to abolish all trade barriers once and for all and not allow any government ever to interfere with the free market . 
  though unfortunately i do not see this happening , too many people think they can fool the rest of society and try to get special benefits from the government . 
  i avoid editing my posts so forgive me for posting twice . 
   this is just to protect farmers . 
  the agrerian party is getting paid for its participation in the current coalition . 
  in return they will let labour drill for oil in the arctic . .   upholding agreements or acting in the common norwegians best interest has never been a consideration here . 
  damn norway , i thought you had an higher standard of democracy there . 
  it seems you are much more similar to us than i 've initially thought , that was precisely our problem in the first place , the government handing out privileges and benefits to special interest groups at the expense of society in general and over the years that has taken its very severe toll on our productivity . 
   he 's suggesting that if sanctions are applied then norway may finally get rid of their protectionist model when it comes to dairy and other areas of economy . 
  i just saw his edit , thanks . 
   however , i do not want to spend the rest of my life paying for the french , so i would much rather pay for my own people thanks , while not discriminating anyone - like the french do . 
  me too !, 
  if it 's protectionism and if it 's government interventionism , it has no place in our society !, 
  the french should be free to shoot themselves in the foot and do just this , but never to force the whole eu into doing the same !, 
   they are such complete assholes . 
  i truly hate them . 
  and then , they blame it on `` otherwise the farmers will get mad and pour milk on the street '' . 
    so - who cares . 
  grow some fucking balls . 
  no reason to fuck up the economy of europe for the next decade just becaue you have no spine and ca n't stand a farmer throwing milk on the street just because the rest of europe does n't pay 95 % of his salary anymore . 
  ( i am talking about the french here , not you btw ) you 're absolutely right . 
  i bet most people only are n't against cap simply because they do n't know how it actually is , people do just ask them `` do you support farmers ? '', 
  and if they reply in the positive they just make the wild assumption that cap is well designed when it absolutely is not !, 
   fuck - i hate the cap and anyone who defends it . 
  i would n't say i hate but i fully reject cap and other ludicrous breaches of the free-market system due to the pressure of interest groups such as the farmers in this case . 
  it 's why i 'm so vocal against this type of nonsense , because most people do n't have any idea of the costs of these and think these are either free or are not coming out of his pocket !, 
  it 's more of the same , people who do n't have any idea of how the system works . 
  [ as bastiat put it ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/government.html ) , government is the great fiction through which everybody endeavours to live at the expense of everybody else . 
  well , that 's not sustainable and is actually harmful to the society as a whole !, 
   it hurts the norwegian consumers the most . 
  less competiton , less selection . 
  and that 's bad , right ? 
  i do n't understand why you 'd say `` please do '' when norwegians would have their cost of living increase if the eu were to impose trade sanctions on norway . 
   it 's no longer the business of the private sector if there is a market failure . 
  are you telling me there 's a market failure ?? 
   already have , that 's why i 'm a neoliberal  were you born before or after 1989 ? 
  [ i do n't know that feel :( ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2woinrm.jpg ), 
   it would be much more beneficial for us to take the 44 % of our eu fee , and use it to subsidise our own farmers no , it would not . 
  it would be much more beneficial for you ( and we ) to take the fee and give it back to the taxpayers . 
  let france subsidise its own farmers , we 'll benefit from it and we 'll use the money we spend now on overproducing food much more wisely . 
   we could perhaps still stay in the eu , but removing the cap , and letting all countries pay for their own agriculture would be a big step forward . 
  you 're absolutely right , if we do n't abolish cap we at least must stop with the massive subsidies and price controls and what not and basically leave only the environmental controls . 
  those ( like france ) who want to deviate from a free market and engage in central planning in agricultural should be free to do such without dragging the whole eu with them . 
   the cap does n't need reform , it needs refinement . 
  if by refinement you mean abolishment of the current price controls and subsidies , then yes , you 're right . 
   please do would n't that be against your interests ? 
   trade sanctions because norway wants to be in control of it 's own fucking economy . 
  no , trade sanctions because norway is not complying with treaties it signed . 
  not that i support this , i 'd personally favour for the eu to unilaterally remove all trade restrictions with norway ( and with every other country , for that matter ) , though in this issue i really do n't see the big surprise , if one fails to fulfil its obligations then it 's no wonder that the other side might also stop doing its bid . 
   we tried it a while back , figured the best defence was simply to sit back and let the downvotes take care of things . 
  i personally think you 're doing it best now , it might get spammy sometimes but it 's nothing too serious like advertising or harassing other members and as such you imo should n't be banning people :p, 
   polish cavalry never actually attacked german tanks [ i already was aware of that ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_cavalry#cavalry_charges_and_propaganda ) , though you 're right , i 've heard people that actually thought that was actually true . 
  nonetheless , this is polandball , it 's not meant to be taken seriously , the polish flag also is n't upside down indonesia ( like a voltorb ) , among other things :p, 
   that means in stuff like shops / employment / government forms and so on . 
  now that 's just silly , how can you expect the other people to listen to what you have to say ? 
   also , people get easily annoyed by their own people . 
  if there 's something worse than annoying nationals is annoying people from abroad , so i do n't know about that x ), 
   why on earth would anyone want to live here , when you can live in such better countries like germany , denmark , austria or sweden where the people are friendly and are n't complete unlikable rude cunts like us . 
  plus we have the shitest weather , women , food and tv shows the world has ever seen to boot nah , those other countries you mentioned are * just as bad * as the uk . 
   side note , i 'm not sure i approve of the growing number of people living here who speak english only as a second language as a second language , what 's wrong with that ? 
  as long as they speak english with you , it should be fine , no ? 
  portuguese communities abroad often continue speaking in portuguese with one another and there has never any problem with that , at least that i 'm aware of . .  personally , i blame the fact that our official documents come in every language under the sun , and we offer free interpreters . 
  i wonder if people do n't speak in english just to tease you , i mean , damn , english is so prevalent :p, 
   never seen polandball comics ?? 
  [ link to the original in r/polandball ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/12jj8j/poland_dreams/ ), 
   everything is going according to the plan . 
  haha . 
   the state should actively crush anti competative anti consumer practice . 
  nonsense , [ the free market protects the consumer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu_4vanp04i ) . 
  if you care to , please do watch the video , i wager it will be most informative , at least the first 30 minutes of the video . 
  watch [ free to choose ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3n2snngwa4 ) as well :p, 
   the reason we all use other browser 's is because governments forced microsoft to stop integrating it into the os nonsense , i use mozilla firefox because ie is a broken piece of shit . 
  in the usa there was no fines imposed on microsoft like there were in the eu and they also use mostly google chrome and mozilla firefox . 
  it 's their product , we only use it if we want it , they do can offer a shitty service but then they lose customers , to say that this is n't the case and that it should be the government deciding on what should be done is to ignore the impact of every government intervention in the market and to be literally insane , as you 're continue to do the same mistakes while expecting different results . 
   uk utilities are liberalized the energy companies get together and rig the price its hard to enter the market because of insane capital required . 
  there are other utility providers outside of the uk that can supply you and engage in competition with domestic producers . 
   i think what 's needed is a decent mechanism to stop firms getting too big that 's when distortion happens . 
  you 're looking at it from the wrong angle , we need to avoid the distortion from happening in the first place so that the only firms that get too big are those that are successful and that the could always fail if they prove uncompetitive ( as to say , the government should n't subsidise them , should n't limit entry to the market , should n't try to make foreign goods more uncompetitive , etc ) .
