   i did n't even new so you only old ? 
  oh , and slightly on-topic , if not being a pessimist is now trolling , then i guess i rather be a troll than a velho do restelo or a whiner , who lives to be a downer and only ever sees the glass half full . 
  honestly , you guys are fucking annoying , your bitching is intolerable and nobody stands it , even anthony bourdain asked what the fuck was wrong with your kind , always whining when guys in brazil have it much worse and still go brazil # 1 . 
  yes , i 'll troll you guys all the time if that 's what it takes to stop your bitching , damn , nobody fucking cares , go on to fucking eastern europe , northern africa or south america complain about how portugal is doing , let 's see if you 're able to do that with a straight face . 
  typical socialist whiners , `` everything is so bad , we 're being exploited wha wha wha - sent from ipad '' . 
  i always thought [ norway was the capital of sweden and that you guys really enjoyed potatoes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebqdwqzmshm ) , but i guess i was wrong , africa of europe . 
   `` how to create a liberal america '' this does n't belong here . 
   here in portugal our plan of austerity is n't really working we are n't getting any worse , i 'd say that 's an absolute success !, 
  ( sorry to bother you . ), 
  no , i was arguing that it 's all being discussed in a very civil manner and that your disagreements sounds quite minor from an outsider perspective . 
  stale as in boring to watch . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's just that looking at other independence movements , yours is more like a formality . 
  normally people shout for freedom and raise their arms in rebellion against foreign occupiers while you guys drink a pint and go `` well , this is fucken shite , why do n't we declare independence ? '', 
  and then go merrily home and it 's routine as usual . 
  do n't hate me , you guys certainly have much stronger feelings about this than i do , sorry if it sounded like i was talking nonsense , i was just giving my uninformed unbiased input . 
  your whole scottish independence debate is rather stale , at least from my perspective , to be honest . 
  i 'm pretty sure i destroyed a thing like that in mercenaries 1 ... 
  damn , so many undetonated bombs !, 
  the war was 70 years ago and people still find bombs daily ? 
  that 's insane !, 
  will he go to jail for this ? 
  from accusations of islamophobia to niggers and racism to the meaning of an analogy and now to the right of marriage . 
  what the fuck are you trying to say ? 
   yes , sending an entire minority to jail is a move with an excellent track record . 
  of course i was talking about only the ones convicted of criminal activities . 
  not that it would be much difficult to prosecute them , they 're gypsies , after all , anyone who 's ever have to deal with them knows what i 'm talking about , living shut off from society in a culture which promotes criminality as a sustainable way of living , sending them to jail would be so easy if there was the political backing . 
   / s i 'm talking about a serious issue and you 're being a retard . 
  good going . 
  perhaps one day you 'll have a problem with gypsies so that you 'll stop playing it off and joking about it as if it was a light matter . 
  them being born here is n't relevant when they sometimes do n't know the language . 
  but you raise a fair point . 
  if nobody will take them , jails will have to do it , that 's where we send the rest of the criminals . 
  i 'd like to see you acting all wise-ass with these gypsies . 
  italy has a public debt to gdp ratio of ~ 120 % . 
  so you tell me these socialists think this is n't an issue at all and that italy should instead be spending more ? 
  are they fucking mental ? 
   this subreddit tends to quickly jump on the roma-hating bandwagon . 
  they kinda bring that upon themselves , do n't they ? 
  i mean , it 's certainly not everybody else 's problem , right ? 
  i 'm sorry , it 's just that we would n't be discussing this issue at all if they did n't refuse to integrate . 
  it 's their fault and their fault alone that they have to be a nuisance to everyone else and then end up being shunned by society . 
  deportation is a much easier solution . 
  everyone else who is affected by them cares . 
  switzerland is n't in the eu but it ** is ** in the schengen area . 
  i really do n't care one way or the other , you 're both killing each other off , at this point , knowing who threw the first rock seems irrelevant . 
  my personal opinion is that you should learn to live together or move elsewhere , you know , stop the killing . 
  but if you rather stay at it and keep on fighting , fine , just keep there and do n't bring your fight elsewhere . 
  i 'll probably sound like a generalizing idiot but i 'll say it regardless - germans here do n't think it 's everything about germany and germans here do n't post content that only pertains to germany internal affairs . 
  unfortunately the same can not be said about americans who sometimes go around talking about the gop or fox news as if these were relevant to europe . 
  fair enough , but , to be honest , you have the rest of reddit for that . 
  americans here are like rats , you only notice they 're around by the shit you find in the morning . 
  and i 'm posting this at night . 
  let 's see if i get much grief from this . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/svxjq/history_of_norway_tldr_version/ this was in april . 
  oh god , so many funny images and memes . 
  please do n't let it happen again . 
  i used to like discussions but then i took an arrow to the trolling . 
  i 'll kill myself now . 
  hey man , do n't talk shit about germany or germans . 
  and do n't invite non-europeans here as well , we have the rest of reddit for that and even here there 's plenty of usa , russia and israel , when the whole thing should be about europe . 
  hey , i know some of those things !, 
  :d pi of x minus the integer between 0 and x of 1/ln ( t ) ? 
  what the fuck does that equal to ? 
  and who is this riemann fellow ? 
  i 'm telling you , i 'm european !!, 
  where are you taking me !, 
  if you think we dogpile on the british , you should see what happens when people says `` as an american '' . 
  it 's actually quite funny . 
  remove commune remove commune you are worst syndie . 
  you are the syndie idiot you are the syndie smell . 
  return to rusisia . 
  to our tsarist cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... ahahahaha , union we will never forgeve you . 
  limey rascal fuck but fuck asshole syndie stink union engeland engalend . . syndie genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead syndie . . ahahahahah union we will get you !!, 
  do not forget weltkrieg . turkey we save the sultan , canada return to your precious island ... hahahahaha idiot syndie and totalist smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove commune from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  austria + aog + mitteleuropa + mittelafrika = kill internationale ... you will wk2 / beethoven alive in reich , beethoven making symphony of reich . 
  we are rich and have nuke now hahahaha ha because of beethoven ... you are ppoor stink syndie ... you live in a commune hahahaha , you live in a internationale beethoven alive numbr one # 1 in reich ... fuck the britain , . . fuckk ashol syndie no good i spit ? 
  in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  beethoven aliv and real strong wizard kill all the syndie farm aminal with organ magic now we the germa rule . ape of the zoo presidant oswal mosley fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and totalist wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  reich greattst countrey, 
  you 're 38 % communist . 
  [ you know what to do . 
  so far , you 're the only one who is more capitalistic than i am . 
  feels bad to be dethroned :(, 
   people are upvoting stuff which i think are very right wing i 'm upvoting almost everything , regarding daphnedk 's comment , yes , the political compass op presented is very biased , no wonder it always skews up the results . 
   which tell me there are neo-liberal lurkers . 
  nah , you 're reading too much into it . 
  from my experience , i most always go positive but just barely when talking economics and i always try to be short and keep it simple , so it 's not like a lot of people agree with me either . 
  besides , it 's upvotes , you could discover the cure for cancer and get ( 1 | 1 ) while the guy who posts a cat dancing to ke $ ha goes ( 9001 | -1 ) , so trying to make sense out of this can be quite silly . 
   the only consensus i see is that we are all socially liberal and not religious . 
  this is what i would expect from on-line europe , and it makes me full good . 
  true that . 
  now you just have to renounce marx and trotsky and embrace hayek and friedman so we can all live happily and boringly ever after !, 
  6 % capitalist , as if that 's significant . 
  x ) i had 51 % and i was responding a lot left-wing like and answering things like i disagree that the only responsibility of a company is generating profits . 
  what can i say . .
