  nor do i believe in harsher punishments . 
  dude , really ? 
  who takes pleasure in that kind of shit ? 
   in this instance , of course , it is quite a lot more questionable who deserves what . 
  talking about society as a whole ; if we deserve it , i dunno ; if we had it coming , we sure did ; everyone could predict that if the state was spending more than what it could levy through taxes , then the extra spending that was n't covered was coming from loans . 
  the deficits today are the taxes of tomorrow , this is obvious , nobody ca n't spend that which he does not have , the most one can do is get into debt and delay the costs , which is what we did a lot of during the socrates years . 
  we built a lot of shit and did n't bother about the expense then , if it now comes back to haunt us , well , regret is n't of much use now , is it ? 
  if people are going through great hardships , as i 'm sure a lot of people actually are , something had to be done then . 
  it was n't and now we 're dealing with this in a much worse situation , it 's not optimal but it 's not like we have much of a choice , we will all have to endure this and do our utmost to prevent this from happening in the future , the most we can do now is to handle this in the fairest and most efficient way possible , unfortunately we ca n't go back in time and prevent the debt which we 're now paying for . 
   little below nigeria . 
   naw i do n't know , never been there . 
  i just know that there 's lots of crime but i do n't know about what their income and other stuff is . 
  i like you , jackblack2323 . 
  your trolling is sometimes weird but i like you . 
   portuguese austerity in doubt portuguese excessive spending out of the question . 
   `` i will also send my warm greetings to the danish minority in southern schleswig . 
  the danish spirit still lives here . 
  it is anchored in old traditions , but it also lives visibly in the present . 
  i see the fact that the danish culture blossoms south of the border as a sign of ~ ~ friendship , respect and good neighbourship ~ ~ ** resistance and continued struggle ** between the danes and the germans . 
  ** long live denmark , down with the german oppressors !, 
  ** '' ftfy you filthy imperialists . 
   why do kings and queens still exist ? 
  they all need to be rounded up and thrown off a cliff . 
  i do n't really fancy monarchs but i favour them over dirty syndies such as yourself . 
  hopefully he 'll be able to live through his retirement with his pension unlike some other president i know of . 
   all your taxes go towards financing reckless foreign banks . 
  yes , reckless banks . 
  it was them and not the greek state that got your debt to gdp ratio to 170 % . 
   ( us zeus ' offsprings and our lightning fast ninja edits . ), 
    i thought the photo made it obvious from the beginning . 
   oh , ok , greek x ) it was odd that i had you at about +50 and still did n't know your nationality :p, 
   live long and do n't give up , fellow piiglet . 
   so you 're irish ? 
   an embarrassingly tiny 18x14 pixel penis . 
  there are n't many women here so i guess that 's a good thing , 
   you do know that quite a lot of people are going through serious hardship ? 
    there 's a point it 's not even funny anymore . 
  forgive me for not shedding a tear for us but i ca n't feel that pity when it 's our fault that we got into this debt , if people did n't complain back when socrates was running huge deficits they ca n't complain now that it 's time to pay back . 
  it also does n't help that the vast majority of the burden is being placed on my generation and it 's certainly not me the one who 's going to benefit from easy employment , early retirement and a confortable pension , so yeah , let 's stop pretending we 're all victims here and could n't foresee this coming . 
   a crucifix with a turd on it . 
  i 'm ok with that , as long as nobody desecrates the image of the true prophet mohammed , it 's all good . 
   where only a small fracture of the visitors/subscribers participated if people ca n't be bothered to answer the survey then we ca n't be bothered to give them their flags . 
   where probably many lied just for fun firstly , that 's quite an assumption there with no evidence to support it . 
  secondly , just like people might not answer truthfully , people might also visit reddit through proxies . 
   we could revive germanic , slavic , and latin as the languages of the new empire . 
  that or we could just use english like we already do . 
   we restart talking latin . 
   only ethically speaking . 
  you want the us to beat us to yet another celestial body ? 
  i want the usa to get its shit straight and stop getting into debt . 
   it was n't raining and the crops were dying and then it rained , there , proof that god exists !, 
  are we supposed to feel pity that less and less people are this ignorant ? 
  [ you frustrated , bro ? 
   they 're also water . 
  water is nice . 
  they 're your only neighbour which is n't spain . 
  the atlantic is n't nice , it 's all cold and grim and empty . 
   can we find an alternative to austerity in 2013 ? 
  either reduce public spending or increase state revenue , that nobody likes austerity , it 's understandable , but you ca n't keep up with those deficits , continuing to get into debt certainly is n't an alternative . 
   yes we can . 
  but every time i suggest disappropriating the rich , i get downvoted into oblivion here on reddit . 
  so we can , but we dont want to . 
  because fuck the rich , amirite ? 
   a green-red penis ? 
  nah , it 's not about portugal , i just want to show that i can be a dick . 
   are you just coming into every topic to say the same thing now ? 
  you suck , go away . 
   guys , i 'm moving to australia . 
  enjoy the wildlife . 
   i think countries are too big to give them a number , i 'd prefer if they rated cities . 
    a city here like honolulu or san francisco can be equal to switzerland while new orleans would be more like greece or brazil what about detroit ? 
   because mexico is scary , they do n't give a shit whether you 're a man or a woman , they 'll fuck you up either way you 've never been to mexico , have you ? 
   as far as i understand these are just rumours . 
  i doubt there is a need for such a thing . 
  i visited athens over christmas - everyone seemed happier then ever . 
  i think people are used to living with less and have accepted the inevitability of being part of the eu , whatever comes with it . 
  but comrade , how will kke rise if the people are n't up in arms ? 
   is blackwater particularly worse than others ? 
  : o they 're black , nuff said . 
   am a foreigner ( aussie ) piss off , kangaroo . 
   so hopefully we 'll see an alternative to austerity and real measures for growth . 
  and unfortunately it 's going to fail spectacularly . 
   he 's already effectively alienated the investment class ( without gaining anything , as it was overturned ) it was delayed on a technicality , hollande will still get his way . 
   sorry germany , but we ca n't feed our children with pats on the back . 
  then ask the uk for potatoes . 
   well , it 's part of my identity . 
  a trans-national identity . 
  what 's next , an atheist flag ? 
   on a vegan sub reddit [ are you a vegan ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oesca.gif ) ? 
   afraid not . 
    possibly the admins if they put some effort into it and relied on geoip being accurate / people not using vpns and people being affiliated with where they come from . 
  people must be forgetting that there was a survey here not too long ago . 
   nope they 're not , the sub traffic statistics are terrible and do n't say much at all . 
  [ how about this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/12sw8g/reurope_poll_results/ ) ? 
   i want my village flag . 
  :p i want a customisable flag . 
  it will be a penis . 
   because we 'd rather burn the whole continent down before we unite our countries . 
  it seems like you have a bad case of bavaria . 
   this assumes greek banks will be healthy again with this new capital , that is very unlikely .
