  the squeaky noise i sometimes heard when i played cod , it was pigs screaming !, 
   growing humans for meat would n't be economical . 
  i 'd grow women for meat if it was n't for the emotional bonds i 'd develop with them . 
   your dodging skills are quite superb , anderson silva would be impressed . 
  i just ate piglet , it was fucking delicious . 
  does this make you upset ? 
   so ... the people who were posting here claiming that depardieu was treasonous ... could we hear from them now please ? 
  the socialist will still get their way . 
  unfortunately for france . 
   to be precise , it is 75 % above $ 1million of annual income . 
  seems fair to me , you do n't build a company with dirt roads and no education . 
  ho , and you still are a millionaire . 
  your idea of fair is irrelevant when the millionaires still think it 's unfair and move to neighbouring countries , like what 's currently happening in france . 
  instead of them taxing 50 % of a bunch of millionaires , they 'll be taxing 75 % of almost nobody as they all left the country . 
  oh , and the paved roads and educated workers already were present with the previous taxes , the discussion is between the former tax rates and the new tax rates , not between the new tax rates or no taxes at all . 
   got ta love armchair political theorists sounding off like they know what they 're talking about when they have n't even got a basic understanding of the situation . 
   for me , this is just too much `` solidarity '' at once . 
  i see it as punishing people for their economical success . 
  i do n't see it working not only from the moral standpoint , but also from the economical . 
  in the long term such a measure is a factor which discourages creative , success pursuing people . 
  on the other hand , i may be wrong and it will be interesting to watch the outcome of this whole issue . 
  do n't worry too much , the wealthy can just move to belgium or switzerland or luxembourg and that way dodge these massive taxes , it will all be france 's loss . 
   have you heard of nambla ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nambla wtf ?? 
   racists !, 
  how is this related to race ? 
   ca n't people worship aliens in peace !? 
  it 's not like it 's any crazier than what most people worship . 
  ( yes , i know you were being sarcastic ), 
  france # 1 must be wrong . 
  portugal was hijacked by brazil . 
   mate , as far as trolling goes , its over for you . 
  i see your posts and i do n't even care anymore . 
  you need to create a new idea , because this one is old now . 
  thank you for your input , your honour . 
   er ... the plan was one of a number of options produced by a think tank and thatcher said she was horrified by it and that it was total nonsense . 
  it 's perfectly right and proper to encourage at least thinking about all achievable policy options when considering the long-term future of social policy . 
  get your reasoning out of here , we 're supposed to be mad because muh government benefits . 
  geez reddit , you 're so awkward when it comes to women . 
   you know ... 
  normally when i notice someone on reddit a lot i get a grasp of how they think about things . 
    i have no idea with you . 
  like i have no idea what your opinion on whatever is . 
  yeah , i do n't think i should be a redditor as well , most of you are very different from me xd, 
   what i 'm at odds at understanding , however , is how and why you supposedly know more about a country i have lived 35 years in , i.e. 
  all my life except 4 years in the us . 
  i may not know more about your country but it 's quite obvious you do n't know a thing about women . 
   basically . 
  this line right here . 
  you 're accusing random brits of behaving like the british government . 
  random brits ? 
  no , i 'm not . 
   it 's not our fucking animosity . 
  it 's the government 's , and it 's the government showboating . 
  the government was elected by whom ? 
   they do n't really want to leave the eu , but it 's a good distraction . 
  well , a lot of the british public think it should . 
  have n't you seen the headlines in the british media , the opinion polls made there , the people you 've elected into the european parliament ? 
   you 're blaming the wrong people . 
  gosh , you 're making such an issue over such a minor thing . 
  no , i 'm not biased against brits if that 's what you 're implying , i just said that animosity breads animosity and i stand by it , if most of the british public opinion continues to be `` we ought to leave the eu '' then it 's no surprise that most of european public opinion might become `` then leave the eu and leave us be '' . 
  i agree with you and it 's quite sad that it seems no compromise will be made , but i guess things will be better off for both the uk and the eu once this issue is dealt with . 
  i 'd personally prefer a situation where the uk remained in and instead tried to curb the french socialist tendencies but i 'm sure the eu will survive either way and with time cap , cfp and other silly policies will be repealed , paving way to a freer single market and a more liberalised eu economy . 
  if by then the uk will be in or out , that will be up for the british to decide , though i personally do n't worry too much , even if you do leave , you 'll continue to be just some 30km off the coast of france , you wo n't drift into the middle of the atlantic , we 'll remain to be closely related and working together on most issues , so it 's not like things will change drastically . 
  i 'm still here in portugal and , at least from my perspective , switzerland looks awesome . 
  i know there 's no heaven on earth but swiss democracy is imo the best political system in the world ( almost direct democracy ? 
  the population actually being in charge of their own destiny ? 
  sign me up !, 
  ) , the swiss economy which is highly efficient and demonstrates what can be achieved with minimal government intervention ( what the swiss state spends most money on is on healthcare ! ), 
  and the overall neutrality thingie which leads to it being like an treasure hidden in plain sight ( you 're never on the news , there 's no scandals , no corruption , no dumb politicians coming out of there , heck , even hitler who wanted to unite the german peoples and steam-rolled all over europe ignored switzerland ! ), 
  - you have to admit it certainly looks very appealing from the outside !, 
  sure , i know people who 've lived there , i even have some colleagues who were born and were being raised there and moved ( back ) to portugal during their childhood or early teen years , and what they tell is that the work ethic is very demanding , that the cost of life is immense and that not everybody is brought up to be a doctor , and yes , i always assumed that there will be assholes everywhere but damn , from what you say , i really ought to avoid switzerland , at least while i 'm not well set up in life . . 
  i do sometimes can be harsh on my country but i still love it here and do n't really see myself trading this away and all the people i 've met through the years to try something very different in a strange place where the people are n't as nice and open as they 're here . 
  truth be told , while i have a roof over my head , bread on the table , people who care for me close by and an internet connection , i 'm happy , so it 's not like i 'm really considering emigrating , i just want back up plans if i fail to find employment here , but damn , i certainly would n't want to find myself in switzerland alone and on my own if people have that selfish attitude . 
   so , what 's your suggestion ? 
  chillax , go out , have a good time and do n't act like such an horny mofo . 
  as for your edit , i just read it now . 
   women do n't drink here . 
  italy is n't saudi arabia , women do drink . 
  you have to know the proper clubs and you might have to buy them a drink or two , but they do drink . 
   and if they do go to places where drinks are served , they do n't go alone ( never ! ), 
  or with only female friends . 
  if they did , it would be too easy . 
  do n't you also have friends ? 
  go out with them , you 'll have a good time and you 'll have plenty of chances of being with girls . 
   so , believe me , what you suggest has no possibility of ever happening . 
  not if you act all socially awkward and give up before even trying . 
   and while i 'm at it , i do n't understand why one-nighters should be had only under the influence of alcohol . 
  alcohol is n't strictly necessary but it does makes things that much easier . 
  just get wasted , that on its own is great , and it will make talking with anyone much simpler . 
  just relax dude , it will be fine if you just try . 
   can you please turn your rhetoric down a notch ? 
  what rhetoric ? 
  are you telling me that in general british media , british politicians and the british public are n't quite euro-sceptical ( to put it lightly ) ? 
   you 're not talking to the british government , and accusing all of the brits of being hostile towards the eu is obscuring what good points you have . 
  accusing ** all ** brits of being hostile towards the eu ? 
  did i do that ? 
  i 'm talking generally , and it 's the truth , british public opinion is , for the most part , anti-eu . 
  it 's the only country that 's actually considering leaving the union , that on its own says a lot . 
   reddit is what about reddit ?
