  feels good to be latin . 
   do n't fool yourself , romania was pretty backward berfore communism , too ( compared to western countries ) . 
  chances are , even if communism had n't happened , we 'd still be among the poorest countries in europe today . 
  you 're clearly underestimating the effects of communism . 
  the whole of germany started from scratch post-1945 and even today east germany is in a worse condition that west germany . 
   portugal has two words for red as well , `` vermelho '' and `` encarnado '' , but both can be used in any scenario , although `` vermelho '' is much more popular . 
  those are just synonyms , you can use them interchangeably . 
   is there a system where you everyone can get `` high wages , good healthcare and good housing '' ? 
  yup , in fact there are quite a few countries in the world and in the eu that have all three . 
  it 's called a market economy aka capitalism . 
  i honestly do n't get the latvian potato jokes - not only are they unfunny , they also do n't make any sense . 
  they 're similar to the `` lol , the french are always surrendering '' nonsense . 
   and even more useless if you have to assemble them when you are attacked . 
  just use sleight of hand and you should be fine . 
   the problem here would be caused by the eu 's peculiar setting : drugs would be legal in spain , so it 'd be hard to prosecute smugglers ( not impossible , but more difficult , and organized crime is good at this ) , so they 'd have a safe haven , but they could still export in all of europe , against the law , abusing the lack of borders control . 
  cannabis is legal in the netherlands and it 's not like you have problems associated to it . 
  and what about the legal competition they 'd face ? 
  you would n't need to finance the drug cartels if you were free to cultivate your own pot in your backyard or you could buy it from other less shady people . 
   here we 're talking about mexican drug cartels and their affiliated gangs , who are the scum of the earth and could barely be considered human ... just do a wiki search for los zetas or la linea . 
  yeah , i 've seen videos of them reading sentences and cutting off people 's heads while they scream , it 's actually completely sickening . 
  but how do actually cut back on their power ? 
  it certainly wo n't be with harsher sentences and more policing , heck , that would be making things even worse . 
  the only way you have to completely destroying them is to make it legal , that 's what happened with the alcohol prohibition in the usa , when it was legal there were never any problems , you made it illegal and you had the gangsters and people like al capone got to have a lot of power and you had things like the saint valentine 's day massacre , you made it legal again and all that went away . 
  [ prohibition only benefits the drug cartels ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlscc0lzxky ) . 
   universal health care and guaranteed housing goes some way to compensate for low wages . 
  how about high wages , good healthcare and good housing ? 
  you ca n't get that under communism , can you ? 
   yes , but if you are born into that cell , and are indoctrinated everyday that everything outside of that cell is bad , and they provide you with everything you need , and then suddenly you are thrust out into a world that is completely alien and scary to you , after a while a prison cell does n't look so bad . 
  yet i do n't see many cuban or nk refugees going back to their home countries . 
   but you have to try and understand why some people ( albeit a minority ) feel that they preferred the east to the west . 
  we all know about the bad shit , but nonetheless there were some who perceived their lives as better under that regime . 
  some other people ( albeit a minority ) want to do stupid things like outlawing gay marriage , banning nuclear power and take away voting rights to people with whom they disagree with . 
  that does n't make any of it right , though . 
   makes sense , but then maybe some people will view it as a stepping stone for the mainland to join ... and that 's a problem because ... ? 
   i think that 's oversimplifying the issue . 
  the problem is that a spain is becoming a gateway between mexico and europe . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but portugal is the gateway for mexico ( and the rest of latin america ) and europe . 
   legalizing is not going to solve this , as it 's not spaniards who use most of the drugs passing through their country . 
  yeah , some people might still smuggle drugs , but so what , that already happens under the current system . 
  the difference under legalisation is that you 'd take away all the monopoly and power from the drug cartels , and ultimately that 's your goal , they 're the ones who most fuel the violence . 
   they had a certain security in their lives that many surely miss , even if they did n't have much liberty and economic growth was lower than in the rest you know where you 'll also be kept safe at the expense of liberty and prosperity ? 
  in a jail cell . 
   even communism had some popular qualities to it , especially in terms of job security . 
  yeah , the communists are great at that , i mean , just look at cuba , they have no unemployment , how sweet is that ? 
  never mind that they make on average some 20 $ / month . 
  arguing with such an hardcore statist ? 
  you might as well be arguing with a wall . 
   i do n't think it is selective memory . 
  [ the majority of members of die linke are aged over 60 ] ( http://www.bpb.de/politik/grundfragen/parteien-in-deutschland/42145/zahlen-und-fakten ) . 
   many younger people ( 40ish ) that i have met think that east germany had some very good qualities as a country . 
  and who are these people exactly ? 
  some of your marxist friends ? 
  it 's not only in bulgaria . 
  [ die linke ( the left ) results in 2009 germany 's bundestag election ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0ectgmm.png ) . 
  you know how old people are , always resilient to change and with nostalgia from their youth times , it 's selective memory at work . 
   in latvia , dreaming of potato is a crime !, 
   the true horror come when you look at subgroups such as black males which have an incarceration rate of 4.3 % nationwide raising to 7.5 % if you limit it to the age group of 25 to 39 . 
  damn !, 
  that 's over 1 out of every 14 black adults behind bars !, 
  how do they even manage ? 
   drugs distribution mafias are organized and always violent . 
  extremly violent . 
  spain police being lenient with these networks could lead to spain ending up like mexico violence wise . 
  no thanks . 
  seems to me you have a bad case of prohibition . 
  we still do n't have drugs legalised but we have them all decriminalised and we 're certainly doing much better than spain . 
   i 'm going to play a new ck2 game where i carefully break up power blocks and establish all the kingdoms ( with my dynasty in charge of course . 
  i got this idea from the ck2 reddit and it seems cool ) . 
  in my last ck2 map tried that with portugal / hispania and by the time i was well into germany and italy , it was getting quite difficult to keep everything together , even at +70 relations , my king vassals were joining independence factions :\\ [ the game could have ended only 100 years in ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d8bamyi.jpg ) and i 'd be set for a conversion to eu4 . 
  [ by the time i actually stopped playing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6gjjefp.jpg ) , it was quite dull to continue on expanding and there was also no way i 'd collapse to foreign powers so i just quit . 
  playing this in eu4 would be as rewarding as playing with console commands so i wo n't even bother , i like to win but i also like a challenge . 
   and then we would end up losing it because it was too vast for so few people to manage not with console commands !, 
  alt +21 stability cash, 
   it 's also what led to the exodus of the people willing to engage in awesome debates . 
  that 's ludicrous , people wanting to leave because the mods are n't censoring the reddit . 
  `` either delete the posts i do n't like or i 'll be offended and leave on my own '' , what an absolute joke . 
   nobody thinks it 's better now than before the racist invasion ( an episode which you seem to be ignoring ) . 
  there was always a guy or two saying racist stuff , people always downvoted and moved on , but with that excuse , you 've banned like 10 % full time trolls and 90 % people saying things even remotely controversial . 
  on r/portugal sometimes people also make racist remarks and guess what ? 
  it 's like it was here back then , people just downvote and move on , the content of the subreddit is n't controlled and later when said person decides to post something smart , they 're still welcomed . 
   you know what happened to all those awesome people from 2011 ? 
  they left and they started a new subreddit . 
  they did n't leave because of `` fascist moderation '' . 
  they left because of rampant racism and because they felt their well thought out comments were drowned out by stupid xenophobes and trolls . 
    so they went out and set up / r/europeans , which is an even more heavily moderated subreddit . 
  oh , r/europeans , the shitty subreddit nobody cares to visit , where nothing is discussed [ or allowed ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europeans/comments/1cocha/today_in_europe_april_19/c9imnsz ) . 
  lol , that 's where r/europe is headed , in attempting to moderate , all worthwhile discussion ceases to exist , you hardly even get 10 comments per page . 
  by contrast , r/portugal is completely unmoderated , i do n't think anyone was ever banned , and it works perfectly , no hassle , no problems , always something to discuss in the comments . . the community moderates itself through upvotes and downvotes and i think the mod there does n't even have to deal with spammers as the community itself easily downvotes them . 
   you 'll recognise a lot of names in their \u201e why this subreddit is needed '' - thread . 
  also , you might wan na check out the names in this and this thread . 
  i 'd love to see all those people back on / r/europe . 
  i do , too bad that project was doomed to fail , if you want proper discussion , you must not stamp out different opinions , otherwise you 'll just end up with a circlejerk . 
   but if you think less moderation will do the trick , you 're clearly deluding yourself . 
  it 's what kept this subreddit healthy back in the day , it 's what still today makes r/portugal a community where you can discuss anything without being banned . 
  the ones deluding themselves are those that think this subreddit is better now when it clearly is n't and when you no longer get good discussions in the comments . 
   i do n't exactly mourn for the days of every second post 's having a pitched battle over the morality of golden dawn and anders breivik erupting in the comments . 
  that 's what the mods told you it was like ? 
  because you clearly have n't been around here long enough to know how it was actually like . 
   the subreddit 's much closer to what it used to be before the racist brigades appeared , thanks to the mods - i think it 's all the better for it . 
  srs please go .
