  that 's the only alternative , that 's the only way to assure the people are sovereign . 
   ( which often can be good , the general population often has strong fears about the things they do n't know like islam ) nope , democracy should always triumph . 
  you think there 's nothing wrong with islam and want to invite some millions of them to live with you , you 're free to do it in a democracy , you just have to convince your fellow members that it 's a good idea . 
  if they still do n't want it then too bad but your opinion is just as worth as theirs is . 
   and then there was also fraudulent behavior to hide the bad situation in greece until it was already too late again , this would be dealt with if we held our politicians to an higher standard or if we had a greater control over their decisions . 
   it 's all the city 's fault . 
  somehow . 
  if only the ec had control of the city this could all have been averted . 
  somehow . 
  you 'd have no city of london but yeah , it would have been avoided . 
  though i would n't advise you to try and get rid of it , on the contrary , you should protect it against those who 'd want to kill it with regulation . 
  that 's what i 'd do if we had a city to protect . 
   who is they ? 
  do you know everything about what your representatives do ? 
  if they 're democratically elected and they 're my representatives , then it 's as if they were me . 
  if we do n't feel represented by them then we can either vote for other representatives which represent us better or we can reform the system and strip away power from them and back to the people . 
  though we ca n't act as if our representatives are n't us , it 's as if they were , that 's why we call them `` democratically elected representatives '' . 
   yeah it 's working really swell . 
  restructure my debt by over 50 % too please . 
  that would make you homeless on the short run . 
   thank you . 
  it took me more time than it should have drawing the stupid thing . 
  you drew it yourself ? 
  damn , that 's more content than i have ever made !, 
   lol theyre not . 
  and i can guarantee you that any money our government saves will go straight back into their pockets then i guess you need to change the system to prevent that . 
  it 's really not sustainable for you to have such unbalanced budgets and unaccountable politicians . 
  you accidentally your link , [ here , i fixed it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/loeleet ) . 
   good . 
  can i have my money back now ? 
  you 'll have to ask your government about that . 
  ask them if the country 's finances are finally balanced . 
   x1 .5 yes , it was bad , though if we look at the opportunity cost of cutting the deficit , the greeks would have to pay 1.1 bn x keynesian multiplier x interest rate . 
  oh , and the multiplier is negatively affected by the tax rate and their tax rate is immense , so yeah , it might be close to 1 . 
   when were spain and portugal unified ? 
  no , they were merely under a personal union . 
  damn , sorry for not giving you a more complete answer but i always explain the same thing every time this video is posted here which seems to be once every couple of months . 
   doing the same thing over and over again , and expecting a different result / einstein yup . 
  and unfortunately it seems we 're a bit insane . 
   yet , oddly enough , if the tax fail , i doubt that the countries will blame themselves , it will all be the fault of the uk , us etc. 
  it 's always the other guy 's fault , is n't it ? 
  in that pic , it seems germany is sodomising france and the french are actually enjoying it . 
   otherwise it 's just a form of mild censorship . 
  [ about fox news ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35xi37svvyi ) ... 
   tried and failed do you know what 's the definition of insanity ? 
  we can still dictate our own affairs and even leave the eu if we so desire . 
  i meant the local and regional power . 
  jylland could be its own country , separated from denmark and copenhagen , yet it is n't because they 're better off being a part of the country . 
  the same applies within the eu , we could all be separated yet we 're not because we chose to and this way we can much better counter balance the usa or russia , for example . 
   yeah . 
  exactly that . 
  because new generations adjust to the idea and europe grows closer and closer culturally over time until a union just seems completely natural . 
  so you 're not against the eu now but you 'll be in the future ? 
   no because a small county with no powerful identity that has nothing to say in terms of politics over than what the centralized government decides and has not been independent for as long as anyone can remember is not a viable comparison to a centralized government that actively decides for itself and has a strong national identity . 
  denmark wo n't lose its independence , it will just have to work more with the rest of the member-states . 
  or it ca n't not do this and not be a part of the union , that 's also possible . 
   and yet your argument is utterly unconvincing because territory inside a nation is not being asked to give up its sovereignty or nationality in favour of the big european blob but it already gave up its sovereignty and nationality in favour of the blurple blob . 
   because the last time it had that was at least a thousand years if not more into the past . 
  so the eu is bad today but if we start now , it will be fine in the future ? 
  you 're not making much sense . 
   the comparison you are making is not a viable comparison . 
  simply because it 's on a larger scale ? 
   it 's fine , it 's fine , it 's fine . 
  it 's more than fine , [ better not stop ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wl_gzrqelk ) . 
   big countrys will always bully the small one . 
  luxembourg seems fine , does n't it ? 
   i do n't think we can establish a federal eu state with the big players . 
  we 've been successful this far . 
   what does the common human wants from its goverment . 
  good roads , schools , hospitals , police , firefighters , social security so basicly the thing we need every day . 
  and this is already managed by local politicans and they know this best , because they live there . 
  not all the power is held regionally or locally . 
  i live in porto and the things you 're mentioning are mostly managed from lisbon , and that does n't mean the quality of the service is worse than what it is down there . 
   and why is the eu sometime so hated ? 
  because they regulate the size of cucumbers ... 
  the way you 're talking , it 's as if we do n't hate our national governments or our municipalities , it 's as if only in the eu people make mistakes . 
   in my opinion there is no need to find a standard solution to every day problems and this should dealt with localy where the people can agree on something . 
  so give regional areas more room to make this decision . 
  there 's something called [ principle of subsidiarity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiarity ) and it 's already applied within the eu . 
  the eu does n't interfere with what 's best left for the national or local governments , it only rules in matters which are relevant to the eu as a whole and that it 's beneficial for us to act together . 
   and then there are topics that does not concern the most people in the eu on daily basis , perhaps research funding , military and foreign affairs . 
  that 's the only reason there 's the eu , because we are better together , because like that we are n't steamrolled by the usa or any of the bric . 
   so can we have a federal country ? 
  germany is a federal country , but a federal country within a federal country does not work . 
  one federal system has to go to make room for another one . 
  says who ? 
  england is a country within a country and the uk does work . 
   that kind of logic fails because this is not a question of breaking up europe , but centralizing power in the union . 
  centralisation of power ? 
  you must be mad , no such thing will ever occur , it 's even [ one of the general principles of the eu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiarity#general_principle_of_european_union_law ) !, 
  you already have the local power , regional power and national power , the eu is just another layer on top where the member-states work together in the matters in which it 's more beneficial for us to work together . 
   the point i was making is that smaller nations do not wish to be silenced by the much more populous larger nations and will as a result oppose federalisation . 
  and i already pointed out that such argument can also be used inside the countries themselves and yet our countries are working properly . 
   are people being renumerated though ? 
  yes , otherwise they would n't be working . 
   it looks like we will have to fight all those old battles about labour again because a wage will no longer give a decent standard of life . 
  yeah , we should seize the factories and demand more , fight the capital and all that . 
   no , i absolutely think we need a lot more regulations . 
  we should also regulate when people are allowed to use the toilette or even better , how many times they are allowed to flush . 
  an hey , for that matter , why do n't we also regulate how many snacks you 're allowed to eat a day and what kind of snacks !,
