   what is important is that all of these actors have power to significantly reduce the problem and they are all parts in the system and they directly or indirectly cause , benefit and take harm from these negative aspects . 
  the only actors here that can make a difference are the consumers , while they continue to choose to buy these products , companies that provide them will benefit and companies that do n't provide them will lose business . 
   the uk for the last decade has been told we can not deport terrorists who are n't even british or eu citizens for a start . 
  sauce please ? 
   we 've been told how many hours we can work . 
  sauce and did n't you already have in the past an 8/hours a day limit ? 
   what legitimacy does this decree have ? 
  it has the full backing of the eu parliament which the uk voluntary agreed to recognize as legitimate . 
   how do you feel about the [ serbian pentagon ] ( http://x.vukajlija.com/var/products/posters/201108/207719/srpski.jpg ) ? 
  that looks delicious . 
   while it makes economic sense ( i.e. 
  it is profitable to sell to belarus ) products will be sent to belarus no matter what . 
  of course , unless someone embargoes belarus , they 'll still be able to acquire their products elsewhere . 
   instead of exporting 100 items , 130 will be produced . 
  that takes time and resources and those extra 30 units might still be exported to the eu :p you have to look at the actual data to get a good picture . 
   it can be painful for belarussians if eu will provide more competition to their products so that instead of purgasing belarussian-made goods , ukraine will purchase european-made . 
  but then this will mean that ukraine is able to spend resources more efficiently . 
  which is a good thing , both ukraine and the eu benefit and it gives an incentive for belarus to improve . 
  governments , private businesses , consumers and voters all have a share of responsibility for these issues . 
  the government , private businesses and voters , none of these can force you to buy these . 
  the only one to blame are the consumers who are willing to buy these products knowing full well the conditions under which they were made . 
   well since this is a british newspaper , most british people care , unsurprisingly . 
  i was only talking about  the rest of us europeans, 
   over here we have to respect civil rights , worker rights , family rights , manufacturing rights , producer/creative/copyrights , etc. 
  and still we get swamped by stuff made abroad by countries that respect nothing , commit atrocities of all sorts against its peoples and environment . 
  you 're right . 
   and all because ? 
  ~ ~ big fat corporations and a globalized banking sector that 's making a killing over the stupidity of eu citizens and by owning the media , the majority of politicians and with it the entire legislative process . 
  even the institutions created to protect the eu are failing miserably , corrupted by greedy bastards . ~ ~ ( big fat corrupt greedy bastards ) consumers prefer to buy those goods which are cheaper . 
  ftfy . 
   bastiat explains this much better than i ever could . 
  nice . 
  x ) oh , tugasnake , if you ever have the time , [ here ] ( http://www.econlib.org/library/smith/smwn.html ) , this is also great . 
   it will not hurt their economy at all . 
  or it should not . 
  if ukraine exports 100 of something where 50 % go to belarus and 50 % go to the eu and the eu reduces its tariffs to ukraine , suddenly ukraine will be able to and will benefit more to export more to the eu , meaning that out of those 100 they produce and export , more will be sold in the eu and , as a consequence , less on belarus . 
   eu is a joke - a failing , rotting institution , which only exploits slavs and treats them as second class citizens . 
  yeah , just the other day they told eastern europe to sit in the back of the bus . 
  lol, 
  why should we care if it will thrive or not ? 
  the rest of us europeans must only care about if they are in or not and what it will mean for us if they abandon the eu . 
  the outcome for them if they do decide to leave is their own problem and i 'm sure they 'll sort themselves out just fine without our help . 
  what 's so wrong about european legislation anyway ? 
  it 's those damned bendy bananas ( which is n't even true ) , is n't it ? 
   which is exactly why uk must leave the eu because you 've trolled the eu enough ? 
   what issue ? 
  are you asking me why i think it 's idiotic ? 
  our gun laws , yes , i do n't even know how they are as it 's such not an issue here , i was asking for a more detailed opinion on them because i honestly do n't know , 
   others provided valuable insight into a community i 'm yet to meet one who is like this . 
  so far , no such luck , they 've all be downright unpleasant to be around , to put it lightly . 
   he solution is easy : forbid not only buying guns but having them , and force people to destroy them . 
  that would be just effective as their war on drugs . 
   i 'd rather have the american law regarding guns than the idiotic law we have here in portugal . 
  what is our law regarding this issue ? 
   i 'm fucking glad that i live in a country where the only guns i see are carried by the police or the military and where collecting guns is not simply an extravagant hobby but raises eyebrows . 
  does n't switzerland have one of the highest number of guns per capita in the world ? 
  i 'm basing my info on [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_politics_in_switzerland ) , so i might be wrong though . 
   and germany , france , italy and spain do n't do the same thing ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  damn , that was sad . 
  hey ztiller , what 's that fucking pie doing next to your username ? 
  [ wait a second , it 's your birthday ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=5qm8ph4xass#t=45s ) !, 
   that is so racist . 
  why ca n't the borders just be open ?!, 
  yet more blood on white mans hands . 
  those people had families and friends and because of racism they now are in deep grief !, 
  dude , that is fucked up , while you 're right in that you ca n't just open the borders and let numberless people who have completely different cultures into on our welfare states , but on the other hand , they risked everything to get here and they drowned while crossing the med . . put yourself in their shoes , your only crime would be to have been born in a fucked up place , nobody deserves this . 
   from what i 've seen though , there 's really no other way to get our point across as all our supporters are small countries compared to france/germany that 's nonsense , you could easily get ireland , the nordics and most of the former soviet countries to back you up against the french policies like cap . 
  nothing is stopping you from trying to change the measures being proposed and instead attempt to create an union based more on free trade as opposed to interventionism and state capitalism , you do could provide a massive and necessary counter-weight to the french interests but you choose not to an instead alienate yourself from the eu , which in unfortunate , that course of action is impossible to defend and is also highly ineffective . 
  though i guess i kinda understand , the murdoch empire has been working relentlessly for decades to distance the uk from the eu and your political leaders have to comply with their demands or they 'll suffer the same fate and be criticised non-stop in your media . 
  i know it 's more complicated than this but you have to understand - it 's sad that you 're taking that course of action , of giving up on the eu , you seem to be more inclined to leave than to change things to the way you think would be best - and this is harmful not only to your relationship with europe , it 's also quite bad for europe as a whole . 
   you sound like abit of a troll yourself . 
   i kinda am but not in full time . . it gets boring if you always do the same thing . 
  it 's not that you 're stopping the eu but that you 're delaying it , and it 's true , in most negotiations the uk always threatens to veto and stalls things till they get an opt-out clause or something similar . 
  do n't get me wrong , i mostly agree with the british proposals as opposed to the french who want more and more government intervention in the economy , but the uk always opting out instead of trying to get their measures implemented on a eu level , always trying to negotiate from the outside and shunning every attempt at further integration as if it were the plague . . that is too much , as much as a lot of the rest of us agrees with you , the way in which you try to achieve those goals ca n't be supported , that and the constant `` we 'll leave if we do n't get what we want , you european bastards '' , it makes standing up for you very difficult . 
  oh , look , another thread which will get srs and all the trolls in here . 
   i 'm serious . 
  try all you want , you ca n't argue against scientific data , global warming is n't just a socialist conspiracy so that the commies get to close down all the factory and get us to back to living in their pre-industrial utopia . 
  nah , man , sorry , i ca n't take you for real , you must be a lousy troll . 
  nobody is against the uk revising their position within the eu , what people are getting upset with is the constant sitting in the fence , the only partial commitment and the whole `` we 're special and have special needs '' the british are always going on about . 
  please stop this at once , just have your referendum and either make a true commitment or leave , nobody will think any less of you regardless of the outcome , what we all want is for you to make up your mind so we can stop with this bickering and actually start solving our problems . 
   kyoto is socialism by the back door , attached to the idea ( which is widely disputed ) that humans are causing global warming . 
  i honestly hope you 're just trolling . 
  someone should tell hollande he is n't helping . 
  you deleted your account because of my comment , notapeadophile ? 
  to work more hours is different than to work more , productivity can be a real issue . 
   be [ le ] rus . 
   thought that might amuse you . 
  i 'm more amused by his [ failure ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s05ii.png ) . 
  we 've come a long way since the time of the yellow badges . 
   congratulations on adding nothing to the conversation . 
  congrats on not being a peadophile . 
   screaming headlines denounce the latest sinister plot from brussels , whether it is banning selling eggs by the dozen , stopping children from blowing up balloons , or even plotting to liquify corpses and pour them down the drain . 
  so , they removed a cardboard and added a cup holder ? 
   which has nothing to do with my post above . 
  or with any possible solution to the problem of corporations not being taxed , which could be solved in 1000 different ways . 
  you said `` the problem is capitalism '' , i mocked you because your alternative is laughable . 
   you are just trolling me from post to post . 
  `` here is one of them commies , do n't trust them '' i ca n't help it , the shit you post is too crazy for me to let it slide . 
   grow up .
