  if you want to take care of those , great , so do i , but let 's not put the burden on people that want to get a job done , that way what you 're promoting is unemployment for the rest of the guys in that company as if it 's not beneficial for a company to hire someone with such a disability , then that 's money they wo n't have to spend in hiring some other worker like a guy straight out of college or someone from some other company which closed down and this worker has valuable knowledge in the business . 
  as for the unemployable , that 's a problem for the education system and social care , again , not for companies , if you shove them off into working businesses and then wonder why those working businesses suddenly do n't work so well , then you 're doing something wrong . 
  you want to give these people benefits and invest on their education , fine , but do that while minimising their costs for companies that do want to get work done . 
  as for their weight compared to bpn or damns , they 're still very heavy , do n't neglect the weight that can have on an economy , the unemployment you 're facing is because of these factors . 
  though you 're right , the state bailing out bpn was a massive mistake ( it should have been better regulated to prevent what happened from ever happening ) and all the dams we built are nowadays still a great expense for all of society . 
   you say that , and yet all neo-liberals promote is getting us closer and closer to their work conditions , with no point where we should stop . 
  huge dissonance there . 
  possible mandatory overtime with little pay , lots of possible reasons for firing , barely livable paychecks , minimal and expensive healthcare ( at least 5 % of a minimum wage to have a pap smear , ffs ) , overcrowded schools with overworked teachers , expensive options to address legal issues , puny pensions , minimal public transportation ... no , it 's nothing like that , if anything these measures would turn us more into the uk or switzerland . 
  the mandatory overtime with little pay would end the moment unemployment went down ( which would happen if it was more profitable and more easy to employ here ) , the low pay checks we already have and these would only go up with a reduction in unemployment as companies would lose much of their bargaining position , the minimum wage should be reformed so that its value was n't decided by the state but rather by the worker , the employer and the labour union ( just like it happens in countries like austria , germany , denmark , sweden and finland - all countries in a much better situation than us ) , public schools do need reform , the justice system as well , pensions should be managed much better as the current system is n't sustainable for not even 10 years and public transportation should be privatised as we already spend loads of money on it and the private sector provides the same service much more efficiently , not to mention we already spent massive amount of money on the roads . 
   when are we going to stop paying rent for essential monopolistic services that are increasing quickly in price and giving away profitable ( or that would be without either political shenanigans or if they would n't have to provide for intangible services ) public companies ? 
  the moment the state leaves that business and the companies are left on their own and without taxpayer funding having to compete with the rest of us mortals by the same rules . 
   or audit and renegotiate the unpayable debt ? 
  i do n't know , though we must also not follow greece into that path of defaulting , socrates made the deals , now coelho is paying for it and he ca n't force socrates to cough up the money . 
  yes , it 's bullshit . 
   why are we still paying more to private schools ? 
  because our public schools not always can provide the same service . 
  i did my high school on a private one and it was the state that paid for it because my area of study was n't available in the eb2/3 i was in , and i should tell you , it was a school much better managed than all the public ones i was in . 
   why are we paying ridiculous amounts for a km of highway ? 
  because our state is corrupted . 
  not that we need those highways anyway , in the eu , only luxembourg has more roads per square kilometre than us . 
   what i am not willing to support , because i 'm a human being , is throwing people on the streets because they lost their job or got sick and ca n't afford to be cured , or to completely destroy the quality of the public schools and transportation . 
  guess what , 50 % of people are below average and i find they still deserve to not live in squaller fearing for their job no matter how much they work . 
  i also do n't support that . 
  though i also do n't support a nanny-state where more and more people abuse the system and less and less people are working to pay for it , that 's not sustainable at all , if you give benefits to it you must first do everything to prevent people from abusing the system , you have to control the beneficiaries and you must be able to pay for it without creating a great burden on the rest of society - if these guarantees are made , we 'll be able to preserve our welfare state , if wise-asses that continue to game the system go unchecked , it 's definitely going to fail . 
   they died in vain because their successors took it all for granted and will only fight again when they get all taken away again . 
  there will be very minor social rights 10 years from now to protect , so i do n't know which ones you think we 'll maintain . 
  more the reason for us to improve our economy so that we can live with dignity again , let 's look at the cases of success such as the uk , switzerland , finland or austria , let 's do our utmost to improve business conditions as opposed to restrict them , let 's actively work to promote employment instead of adding expenses to possible employers , let 's create an environment where businesses can succeed and not where the businesses we do have are forced to leave or move some place else , let 's not go down the same path of the cases of failure such as greece , venezuela , argentina , the former gdr or other countries in the eastern bloc as it could n't be clearer that for us to live with dignity we must first allow businesses to flourish and not the other way around . 
   the economy grew in a much more stable way when social rights appeared . 
  false , our economy grew when we joined the eu and the restrictions to competition from the estado novo were lifted , not to mention that we stopped squandering money in africa and instead got money from europe to squander on ourselves . 
   now they 're all being taken away to support a boom and bust economy where the 1 % takes the profits and everyone else pays the bill . 
  take your socialist rhetoric elsewhere , there 's no 1 % taking all the profits , in portugal what you do have is an environment that kills the competitiveness of any business and inept governments and corrupt politicians that either offer special favours to interest groups or act against the private sector to pander to the masses - what we need to do is liberalise the market and remove the barriers to competition , so that anyone can own a business and this stupid `` oh , the evil companies '' bullshit dies down , for this to happen there also needs to be an environment where there 's a reduced tax burden and reduced public spending , let people keep their money and let them spend it on their own , it 's the only way that the economy can flourish , it 's if people are free to start a business and if it 's them the ones that get to keep their wage as opposed to the government restricting the entry of new agents in the market and taxes people and is the one who decides what it should buy with our money ( like the ppps or the state-owned companies which are an immense amount of pain and waste to our country ) . 
   there 's no end to this , they are n't content , and governments are n't fining them enough or putting people in jail , so there 's no real incentive to not abuse ponzi schemes . 
  no one is pointing out where the theft of rights will stop for a reason . 
  while we do n't held our politicians accountable and while our justice system is in the gutter , this wo n't improve much . . 
  ( part 1 )  that is austerity . 
  and more will continue to leave if taxes ever lower because you 'll be fucked if something bad ever happens to you . 
  no , austerity is not that , austerity is cutting excessive public spending , look it up . 
  and no , taxes do need to come down and they 're being used by the government wastefully , let me keep my money and i 'll take great care of it , certainly much better than the guys in the ar . 
  and no , i do n't need the government to act as insurance against my will , instead of them taxing me and giving it back in case they think i need it , let me keep my money and i 'll use it myself if the need occurs . 
  unlike what you might think , there 's no free lunches , for the government to provide if first needs to take away . 
  i say we cut the middle man for a lot of shit as clearly it is n't doing its job right . 
  if people get to pay less taxes they 'll also be less dependent on the government . 
   because culture , like transportation , health , education , social security , police , army , fireman and so on have a value of their own which ca n't be measured by rois . 
  as an example in the corporate world , no one can put a real roi on their investment in social media , but every company knows it must do something . 
  health and education and safety and justice , you 're right on those , if we get careless on those , the whole economy benefits from those . 
  but culture and that shit , no way , hollywood and all of that is achieved without any public investment , let people keep their money as that 's what 's necessary , if the people then want culture , let them pursuit it on their own , let 's not subsidise a tv station like rtp2 which then nobody watches anyway even though it 's all paid for by the taxpayers . 
  [ please read bastiat on this ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#theatres_fine_arts ) . 
   i have no idea . 
  people like you believe managers , economists , bank owners and so on are enlightened demigods who are well above the common pleb and should not follow the same rules and ideals , not unlike feudalistic systems , maybe because they feel that if they work hard enough , they 'll belong there . 
  it 'll take a few more centuries for people to see each other as equals and see honest work as a very valuable thing . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i 'm just saying that the state should n't restrict the free market like it has been doing for ages , anyone could be a manager or a business owner if the state did n't have to make things so difficult with all the bureaucracy and taxes and regulation and laws and waiting periods , we 're only missing out a lot on this whereas other countries have their economy much better and their unemployment much lower just because they do n't restrict their economy like that and do n't get into massive debts while pandering to everyone with public works that everybody now wants to get rid of because of how wasteful it all was and nobody is happy now that they have to pay for it . 
   the oecd debunked that it was hard to fire in this country years ago , but oh well ... 
  they must have confused portugal for peru or something like that then , the fees you must pay to fire someone are massive and it 's no wonder our unemployment is so high now given that there 's such a restriction to employment . 
   you offer no solution either , you just say we should replace older workers who will not find another job with younger ones who have less responsibilities and no families to take care of and thus can work very long hours for little pay , completely bypassing the fact that this will massively lower wages and work conditions while also lowering the birth rate . 
  if i knew you irl i 'd bet real money that that is going to inevitably happen in the short term , because it 's basically the whole imf modus operandi ( except the birth rate , that 's just reality ) . 
  i did give you the solution , liberalise the labour market and let everybody hire and fire at will . 
  while we 're at it , slash the bureaucracy required to create companies . 
  that way , businesses will be free to hire whomever they want as even if that person ends up being a burden to the company , it can then be fired and not drag the business down and also people that do end up unemployed will also have a much easier time creating their own employment as opposed to sitting around waiting for someone to employ them . 
   there 's to ways to deal with employment without creating scores of unemployable people , either you give protection to their jobs as long as they work well , or you support them and create opportunities for when then get laid off . 
  the imf supports simply not caring about them regardless of how productive they could still be . 
  i have no idea how that 's remotely comparable to the us and the uk . 
  in the us or the uk people can fire you almost on the spot , not so much here where the whole notion is taboo and so companies sink much more slowly because they simply ca n't compete and in the end it 's everybody that has to pay for the lack of productivity of some workers , which is not fair at all . 
  btw , there 's no reason to give them protection while they have their jobs as long as they work well as if that 's the case , it 's already in the best interest of the business that that worker is well taken care off otherwise he might go work for the competition . 
  what you 're suggesting would require yet another burden on the ever decreasing number of taxpayers which on its own promotes even more unemployment . 
   how will fearing for your paycheck every day or fearing getting sick help you to be creative and open minded ? 
  if you 're productive , you have nothing to fear , you 'll only benefit from this . 
  if you 're not productive , then i 'd worry because you can get fired and that 's how it should be , it should never be everyone paying for one 's lack of productivity . 
   studies show it makes you a worse employer because you 're much less focused on what you 're doing and more stressed , and instead thinking whether you 're going to please the boss or not . 
  it works somewhat better for repetitive jobs like factory workers , i guess . 
  what about it ? 
  is trying to show to your boss how much of a great worker you are a bad thing ? 
  oh , and please stop looking at it always from the employee side , what about the employer which might have to close the plant in 6 months time because there 's 5 workers not doing their job properly and he ca n't fire them and now there 's more people slacking off as they 've started to notice that workers that do n't bother as much are n't penalised ? 
  why should you have to close your business and send tens of people into unemployment because a couple of smart-asses abused the system which was there to protect them ? 
   had to mention that i had to woke up at 0500am to get the 0600am bus that drove in the `` kainuu-korpir\u00e4meperkele '' area up north to go college . 
  i was home usually around 0600pm , did homeworks till i felt asleep . 
  last year i had to wake up at 07h00 to get to the bus at 07h45 and arrive at university by 08h30 . 
  by 13h00 i was coming home and had the afternoon free . 
  damn , that which you tell me sounds really sad . 
   telling of selective prosecution and a poorly structured society more than anything else . 
   we have a similar statistic with african americans , it 's a pathetic thing to use to excuse racism . 
  because as an american , you know more about europe than europeans . 
   what about the marriage of pre-pubescent 12 year olds with older men ? 
  whats your opinion on that ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i do n't have an opinion on that other than the law should be enforced . 
   yes , but they say `` change '' not `` improve '' - which implies a change in their favor . 
  in my mind at least . 
  they are certainly not advocating in a change against the uk . 
  nobody advocates change against their own country . 
   if you ask me , i think britain would be pretty content with a change that 's bad for the eurozone , but massively good for britain . 
  if you ask me , everyone would be pretty content with a change bad for the rest of the guy but massively good for themselves . 
  but this is n't the case at all , the uk benefits from the eu and the eu benefits from the uk , there 's a mutual interest in that we both succeed and both change for the better . 
   it 's interesting how `` the eu must change '' which means so many countries , instead of `` britain must change '' . 
    just the nerve !, 
  they do have a point in that the eu could improve . 
   and if france + mali fail to push the islamists back nobody will ask the azawad people if they want to be governed by batshit insane islamists . 
  yeah , another war in africa , it 's we and the rest of the goodies against the baddies , let 's bomb azawad and that way we 'll ensure peace and prosperity for that region instead of more misery and conflict . 
  [ why ca n't we learn anything from history ? 
  why do we persist on getting involved when it clearly is n't helping ?
