  you know , instead of the poor paying a lower percentage than the wealthier , everyone paying the same rate but the government intervening directly to help the most disadvantaged - instead of not taxing , taxing and then giving back in benefits . 
   this means lowering taxes to minimum wage rates , which would shrink the state ( not just the government ) unproductively , because a state that is too small forces people to spend too much money on healthcare , education , etc. 
  instead of spending it in the real economy . 
  i do n't understand this bit . 
  how does this affect wages or healthcare and education ? 
  oh , and it 's not the role of the government to spend money and participate in the economy , it only has to regulate it . 
  despite your ideology , you at least have to acknowledge that the state-business sector of the state is highly inefficient , here in portugal most state-owned companies are deep buried in debts while their private competitors manage to provide the same service and not be a burden to society . 
   of course , you can turn those things into ` real economy ' by privatizing them , but then people simply wo n't have access to it because they ca n't afford it . 
  quality of life goes abck to the 19th century ( or worse ) . 
  firstly , the tendency is for costs to reduce , not increase , as there 's fierce competition to lower costs and attract customers where as in the state costs can be very high , you just do n't notice it because it 's all paid through taxes - either way , the money has to come from somewhere . 
  secondly , no , nobody will go back to the xix century , there 's plenty of more developed than us which have much less social benefits than we do and they manage just fine , perhaps much better than us . 
  i do agree that essential sectors like healthcare and education need to be available to all , but even that can be done by subsidies , you do n't need to actually own the infrastructure . 
  it 's actually worse for the consumer if he pays taxes and then does n't pay anything in the public hospital or in a public school than it would be if he went to a private hospital and school which provides a better service or provides the same service but is n't as expensive but then also did n't pay anything because it 's the state that pays the bill . 
   this is why i think taxes should be established in accordance to how much a person needs to keep a lifestyle that is in accordance to their social class . 
  in other words , if people earn x more than what is established as necessary to live ( luxuries included ) , then that person has a bigger ability to contribute to the state , thus must pay more taxes , than a person who barely earns more than what is necessary to live . 
  limiting incomes ? 
  no , that 's socialism , the state does n't know best , it 's the individuals that should decide what they should with their money . 
  just because you need to pay taxes to keep the courts running , the police working and an healthcare system available to all does n't mean you should limit incomes and tell people they can only receive x. 
  specially because it 's all great in theory but in reality , people just move away if they think it 's an unfair system . 
  how about if everyone paid the bill ? 
  you know , good old flat tax rates ? 
   i honestly ca n't imagine what my life would be like if i earned 10 million euros a year . 
  i can try to imagine not having to worry about money , but i also do n't see it happening for me . .  however i ca n't believe there could be a difference between earning 3 million a year and earning 8 million a year . 
  oh , of course there is . 
  what if someone from asia who lives on , i dunno , 500 $ / year told you he ca n't imagine someone living on more than 5000 $ / year and that all incomes over 415 $ / month should be taxed at 75 % to make it fair for him , would you agree ? 
  do you understand the point i 'm trying to make ? 
  it 's all perspective , just because we 'll probably never make more than x money , it would n't be fair if someone who earns more than that amount to be taxed much more . 
   i mean how could your life possibly be better on 8 million a year than on 3 ? 
  what would you buy that you already could n't afford ? 
  if you are n't happy with 3 million a year , then more money is n't going to help . 
  that 's up for those who make that amount of money to decide . 
  the same could be said about the previous example , that if you are n't happier with bread and water you 'll never be happy and so all your work after a certain threshold should be taxed immensely . 
  that arguing could also be used against you like `` oh , you 're not happy with more than the minimum wage ? 
  uou have a computer , a web connection , a roof you can sleep under and clothes and you 're not happy ? 
  society ought to take almost that away from you as the extra money is n't going to help and there are those that need it more '' . 
  this is stealing with the justification that the person being robbed is better off than you - that does n't make it fair . 
  dude , i do understand the point you 're trying to make , i just do n't agree with it . 
  you 're trying to make only a certain group of people make all the sacrifices and you want to choose what 's better for them . 
  it 's not fair , you would n't want people to do that for you . 
  what , you 'll jail every rich person there is ? 
   i doubt that anyone who earns 10 million a year has really earned it . 
  something tells me you never earned 10 million . 
   in reality they are probably going to be heads of a companies that profit from the labour of thousands of workers who are not paid the true value of their labour yes , they 're exploiting the workers . 
  dude , before you come up with that level of socialism , present evidence of the abuse of the proletariat in france . 
   no person has ever made millions on their own , they have benefited from other peoples work and from society as a whole . 
  so bill gates and steve jobs did n't make millions , they just piggybacked on the work of others and society ? 
   taxes are not a punishment they are how we pay for the society . 
  a 75 % tax rate only for certain incomes is clearly a punishment for people who dare have certain incomes . 
   and to be honest if they do n't want to pay any taxes they can and should piss off to somalia , and see how easy it is to make # 10 million a year in a country with no government . 
  and now you 're saying the alternative to 75 % is anarchy . 
  the wealthy will probably indeed piss off but rather to switzerland where they 'll just pay 8.5 % . 
  france will lose millions , the swiss will benefit much more - just as planned , no ? 
  put yourself in their shoes , would you rather stay there and make 3 millions per year or you 'd you rather move to belgium and keep 7 or 8 millions ? 
  on the long term , france will only lose taxable income , someone capable enough of making 10 million a year is also capable of avoiding to pay 70 % taxes on it by simply going elsewhere . 
   i think this is a morally wrong decision . 
  this argument is stupid . 
  sure , you might agree with it , me as well to some degree , but most people think that it 's only fair that if you make more , you should pay more . 
  imo , a much better argument is that they now have much more incentives to move elsewhere and even from the perspective of the state which wants to increase its revenues , it might end up hurting them because while the tax rates increase , the people making the money either move away , store their money elsewhere , find some sort of loophole to avoid paying anything or simply see their competitiveness severely hit and then start losing business to foreign more business-friendly companies . 
  there 's no point in even bringing morals up if the measure itself is highly inefficient , tackle its inefficiency instead . 
   it is the hallmark of socialists to think that the economic system is not highly adaptable and that they can tweak one or two parameters without creating any unintended consequences . 
  this is nothing but a symbolic act to please the voter base of hollande , you know , that he is `` getting the rich '' , while has a far bigger downside than any potential upside . 
  think about it , risking that much in unitended consquences , for a little drop of revenue , which will vaporize as companies find other ways to pay their leaders . 
  all this is true the money wo n't disappear , many will also profit from france 's mistakes . 
  the french economy might be affected quite negatively if millions move away from it but its neighbouring countries will certainly appreciate and benefit from suddenly there being french millionaires interested in depositing their money or moving in there where the tax rates are much more attractive . 
   why are you being downvoted ? 
  because late at night , americans are everywhere and they think europe is like the us with the democrats who want to raise taxes and legalize gay marriage and the republicans who want to lower taxes and get them into wars . 
  me saying `` raising taxes this high can be very counter-productive '' gets associated with their gop and then they downvote me because i 'm associated with g w bush and his kind . 
  no wonder shit likes this got so upvoted . 
  people post this late in the night when europe is sleeping and all the americans come out of the bush and think europe is like the us with the evil republicans and the kind democrats . 
  yes , that 's what 's called a marginal tax rate . 
  it would be stupid to have progressive taxation without marginal rates . 
  it 's both agreeing with you and the truth you said about our politicians . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  i 'll now kill myself . 
   many countries , including the us , have had their highest marginal tax rate way above 75 % and did not have problems enforcing it at times when the government had way less control and monitoring than now . 
  `` hurr durr , in ww2 they paid high taxes and it was fine '' ? 
  is this your argument ? 
  yeah , i 'd love to see them trying it today , see if billions of dollars would n't leave the usa for canada . 
   and people moving ? 
  give me a break . 
  it has almost never happened . 
  even the other day there was news here of french wealthy trying to get belgium citizenship so they could move to monaco and not pay taxes . 
   and who gives a shit if a parasite moves . 
  everyone should , because it would be less taxable income and less money in the economy . 
  though i 'm sure the countries that leave their rates low will deeply enjoy this . 
   if we all have it , there is no escape good luck in ending with all tax-havens in the world . 
  who said anything about wealth trickling down and how hard of a concept is it to grasp that an excessively high tax rate will be counter-productive as the number of people who are willing to pay it drastically decreases and they move to other more attractive places ? 
  specially rich people , whom out of everyone , are definitely the ones who have it easier if they want to move abroad !, 
  taxing 75 % out of 10 is less than taxing 25 % out of 100 , you 're assuming that people will just sit there and pay massive taxes and they wo n't try to get belgium citizenship and move to monaco or try some other moves to avoid paying it . 
  so yeah , in that sense , trying to tax the rich massively is actually worse for said society than it would be otherwise . 
  though i 'm sure countries in the benelux , the uk , germany or switzerland , they wo n't bother , it 's more money that will enter their economies . 
  how about fox news or the daily mail ? 
  in other news , more than 75 % of the french rich will now move to or deposit their money in places like benelux . 
   but that 's not what 's happening right now , is it ? 
  the austerity measures are going waaaay beyond cutting unnecessary spending . 
  we had decades of overspending , you ca n't just say that from now on things will be dealt with properly and that 's it , you also need to clean up the mess you made . 
  unfortunately , on the short term , that might end up in things losing some funding as currently it 's very expensive to get funding and the last thing you need it the debt piling on even more . 
  taxes are also being increased which the worst thing you should do in this situation but i guess things got to be this bad and desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  though everyone is worried if the short term gain of this will make up for the losses on the long term . 
   the argument is that the austerity measures used right now do nothing to help but actually make the problems worse .
