  would i be justified if i told you to shut the fuck up when talking about immigration or culture because of the fucked up and hateful racist bullshit that many european sprout about muslims and gypsies ? 
  would i be justified if i told you that you have a immature , childish view of the world that is archaic and close minded in comparison to the progression of globalization ? 
  than get your head out your ass and stop being such a snobby cunt you faggot . 
  someone is upset . 
   the economy is all about confidence . 
  if you talk down your own economy then expect bad things so greece did well when they were cooking the books ... ? 
   in 2007 , then prime minister fran\u00e7ois fillon also said that france was in a `` bankrupt state '' . 
  it did n't stop us from waging 3 wars since then . 
  you said that as if it was a good thing !, 
   i 'd guess the same thing as `` do n't bite off more than you can chew '' sim . 
   i 'm sure you 're familiar with the various forms of market failures which most mainstream economists accept today . 
  i accept all of those , it 'd be impossible not to , what i reject is the hypothesis that these can be solved with more government regulation ( to mention those on the wiki - information asymmetries are bound to happen since there 's never perfect information , non-competitive markets are n't that big of a deal as long as they are n't supported artificially , principal -- agent problems are n't a problem for the state , externalities are already severely limited with caps and taxes and regulation and public goods are already provided by the state ) and specially the notion that capitalism was at fault for the great depression . 
   that does n't mean there is another economic system which is preferable . 
  that may or may not be the case , and i doubt anybody really knows for sure , but at this stage any wholesale change is an ill-advised adventure . 
  it 's also ill-advised to accept the hypothesis that capitalism has failed without hard-evidence to back it up and to propose changes to the system when our problems have been problems of government and not of the free-market . 
   my point was that the origin of the crisis was the market itself , and the government response was inept which led to the decade-long depression which we remember . 
  i guess you could say the market caused the crisis and the fed caused the depression . 
  if you have time ( at least 30min ) , please [ see this video regarding the great depression ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swvoprntbso ) made by milton friedman . 
  i find it most interesting and since you seem quite knowledgeable and moderate on the matter , perhaps it will give you a more accurate view of what exactly happened back in 1929 and why the situation nowadays is very different . 
   we 're waiting until our troops on the dark side of the moon are ready to strike and try that fascism thing again . 
  here in portugal we do n't have anything of the sort . 
   we exiled them . 
  they are germany 's problem now . 
  you do n't fool me , you german . 
  i bet you 're just waiting for the french and the russians to get distracted to reincorporate hungary and take over germany !, 
  i know my history , australia !, 
   you want the habsburgs back ? 
  we prefer our own royals , you can keep the von habsburgs to yourself . 
  that was hard to read . 
   ahahaha yes i meant .06  i have a friend and colleague that 's 2m , true story :p i 'm only 1.73 m , which according to the map is the average though i 'm quite below the average among people my age x ), 
   there are things inherent to the system ( whether we call it `` capitalism '' or whatever ) which cause these crises to begin , just like a fire might begin because of an electrical fault or a gas line leak . 
  such as ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not saying it 's a perfect system , there are economic cycles , i wo n't dispute that , but to claim that the system is flawed and needs replacing , that 's insane , what the system needs is to be let to work freely and other areas which are not of its concern ( like monetary policy or law and order ) to be properly managed by the state . 
  if the state fails to do these , we ca n't expect the free market system to operate properly , but in that case we ca n't say capitalism is the culprit . 
   i would still see the cause as the thing which originally caused the problem ( in this case market failures ) , and the poor response of the authorities significantly aggravated the problem . 
  significantly aggravated is putting it extremely lightly . 
  had the monetary policy of the time pursued an expansionist monetary policy , the great depression of 1929 would be just a footnote in the books of history . 
  but no , they instead did the exact opposite , to continue with the fire analogy , it would be like using propane to put out a small kitchen fire , the whole thing could be dealt with in 1 minute but instead people were careless and allowed the fire to spread and burn down the whole city . 
   mundane level : 95/100 - weather discussions imminent what 's the weather like up your own ass ? 
   i beat the average by .6 ... good enough do n't you mean .06 ? 
  because i really doubt you 're 2.32 m, 
   and queens-day is about the party not so much for the queen  it 's all work and no fun for her majesty the queen . 
   a good moment to end this monarchist experiment and to become a republic again . 
   do n't you think you 're misrepresenting things a bit there ? 
  i agree that the depression was largely a result of the fed refusing to expand the monetary supply , but that 's more like a lack of intervention . 
  it 's the same thing , it 's like the fireman arriving at your house and not trying to put out the fire , their lack of intervention was what caused the whole thing to burn down . 
  my point is that the great depression was ** not ** caused by capitalism like u/iamsexyniknowit said but instead it was caused by the awful performance by the us authorities at the time in handling their monetary policy . 
   both world wars caused extensive hardships due to disruption of trade rather than enemy action . 
  so let 's set up cap , just in case russia blockades and brazil embargoes . 
  what ? 
   see also the oil crisis of the '70s , where the opec used our dependency on oil imports to dictate prices . 
  you 're comparing food which everybody ( including us ) can produce with oil where there 's a monopoly , there 's no comparison . 
   our suppliers of food could decide to make the import of food more difficult . 
  no , they could not as there 's no monopoly , not even close . 
  in fact , with cap , our food is more expensive , not on the shelves but on our taxes . 
  this alongside we constantly overproducing an ungodly amount of food that then goes to waste , there 's no arguments for cap other than our farmers want to be shielded . 
   they already did it with the oil supply , so why not ? 
  because you 're comparing a monopoly on oil with food production which can be produced everywhere in the world including domestically . 
  we ca n't subsidise oil as we have none , we can subsidise food though it 's retarded as one ca n't embargo it when everybody is a potential supplier and when the demand can be met internally . 
   europe was significantly more dependent on food before the world wars , causing great hardship when that supply dwindled . 
  and that supply only dwindled when there were wars . 
  now we have much more improved production techniques and are under no threat whatsoever of war or embargo or anything of the sort that could threaten us . 
   the cap is not an economic policy ; it 's a defensive military policy . 
  if that 's were case , then it would be wise to have it . 
  however it is n't the case , as we are not under any sort of threat . 
  my problem with cap is when people claim it to be good economical policy when it 's a massive waste and inefficient allocation of resources and when people claim it is assures food safety or helps us defend against those want to harm us , which is an non-existent threat . 
   eating food is so 20th century . 
  cap paid my grandparents not to produce . 
  unfortunately they died just like people died by the thousands before cap . 
  oh right , nobody ever starved without cap in the first place !, 
   but if portugal ( or the south in general ) can recover , do n't forget about home . 
  if portugal were recovering fast enough ( as in , if i can find decent employment and am not massively taxed the second i get my degree and try to join the labour market ) , i 'd never even think of leaving the country . 
  the problem is that this is looking increasingly unlikely and i do n't want to be a sucker and stay here to pay for the mistakes of others . 
   sometimes protectionism works sometimes ? 
  protectionism always works . 
  the problem is that it works for the national producers and against the consumers !, 
   the uk let their 's go bust whilst germany supported theirs with protectionist policies - which country produces more cars today do you think ? 
  that does n't mean the germans benefited from it , after all , it was all at their expense . 
   back in the early 20th century oysters were a pretty big staple foodstuff for both the uk and france , they were being pretty heavily overfished and govt . 
  reports in both countries warned of a looming crisis . 
  france introduced regulation to cap fishing and allow the population to recover and the uk let fishing continue unhindered citing each oyster producing millions of spawn . 
  oysters are now a delicacy in the uk , but are still a staple in many french kitchens . 
  that 's different , that 's environmental protection . 
  that 's not protecting national producers , that 's ensuring sustainability . 
   to be fair , it works best in a `` weathering the storm '' sort of application when it 's protecting the market from a dip in demand , waiting for it to recover . 
  the problem is that the market does n't need protection , the ones that want protection are the producers at the expense of the consumers . 
  if there 's a dip in demand , then the suppliers have to either improve their product or move to some other business , never to engage in protectionism and continue doing business while being highly uncompetitive as their subsidised or the government does n't allow foreign goods in . 
   the cap seems to be more about keeping europe 's ability to make it 's own food . 
  we more than overproduce , it 's what , 30 % to 50 % of our food going to waste ? 
  besides , food is plentiful and anyone can supply it , there 's no monopoly on it , if we 're not competitive on agricultural , we 're competitive on other areas , we should try and benefit the most of our comparative advantages , not out of sectors that need governmental action to thrive . 
   without it , a lot of farmers would go bust , land prices would tank and we 'd either see farming the realm of large corporations/conglomerates or see massive expansion in building work as the cheap land got gobbled up to make cheap housing . 
  nothing of the sort would happen just like it did n't happen when you abolished the corn laws . 
  adam smith and david ricardo got it right , the farmers who tell you different just want you to believe otherwise as they might go out of business if they do n't hold a monopoly on supply . 
  odd that you mention it , i for one think brazil would n't be such a bad idea , i could go there and work in the northeast where it 's safe , sunny and where everybody seems to have a blast . 
  but for now , i 'm still pondering if i should look for a job in portugal or in countries like austria or switzerland . 
   ... and that 's precisely why many brits do n't want them to come . 
  same thing in sweden and finland . 
  locals discourage immigrants from trying too hard in order to prevent themselves from looking lazy . 
  so if i emigrate to a country like sweden and end up on welfare , would i be welcomed ? 
   the great depression of 1929 disagrees .
