  call me crazy , but i think that if azerbaijan can participate in eurovision , so should north korea . 
  you may can not into space , but you are correct . 
  that can be very bad for business , the strategy seems to be as long as they do n't start anything , we stay put and try not to escalate the issue . 
  social democrats , at least here , are center-right . 
  i 'm talking socialists , communists , marxists and the like . 
  yes , you do have more welfare but you also have a freer market . 
  reasonable welfare like yours is something widely supported , blind welfare like ours , not so much . 
  the same with the market , you allow for much more negotiation and freedom of choice than we do ( for example , your minimum wage is decided by the companies , the workers and the unions , ours is just an arbitrary value imposed by the government that 's the same for everyone ) . 
   my point is that they will never accept austerity , they would sooner leave the eu altogether and put landmines on their border . 
  they will default on their debt and go back to the drahma , and their economy will be pretty much destroyed . 
  you 're talking as if those 5 % were in power . 
  i can also make apocalyptic scenarios as to what would happen if the commies got into office and nationalized fucking everything , but since that 's not going to happen anytime soon , just do n't bother too much about it . 
   the only thing austerity will achieve is to make life miserable for the greeks . 
  if this is miserable , then without austerity it would be even worse . 
  it got to where it is not because they spent too few but because they spent too much . 
  you ca n't outspend your way out of a spending crisis , it does n't work like that . 
   it would be much more profitable for europe as a whole to work out a deal that does n't include crazy austerity measures in the middle of a depression . 
  the ideal situation would be saving while the economy is booming and spending while there 's a recession . 
  but no , our governments spend too much all the fucking time and now when we actually need money to deal with the situation , there is n't any , it was all spent previously , when it was n't necessary . 
  it 's a very simple concept that our governments do n't seem to grasp , and now we 're all paying for it . 
  the crazy austerity in the middle of a depression is only because of this , because we could n't save money when we had the chance and now that we need it , we do n't have any . 
   we could use some german/scandinavian government efficiency we could all . 
  along with some of their common sense , one that does n't get lefties in power so often . 
  so you first accuse the german of lebensraum and then say it might actually be ok if they owned of the islands there ? 
  what ? 
  what about it ? 
  are you suggesting that they 'll take over power and greece will start an arms race , eventually invading the eu ? 
  xd did n't they got like 20 of the 300 seats in parliament ? 
  you 're worried about that ? 
  about some 5 % ? 
  here in portugal we have 15 % in the far-left , why are n't you worried about that ? 
  because that means you either think the far-left is harmless ( which would be crazy ) or recognize that they 'll never get to power ( which would be cognitive dissonance ) . 
   so a fiscal union and ~ ~ less national independence ~ ~ more european integration . 
  it sounds much better like that . 
  :p anyway , honestly , that sounds like one of the most viable solutions , ca n't just all eu countries make a referendum in their respective countries and those who accept start themselves in furthering integrating europe ? 
  it 's basically what happened since the early days of the eec , some countries take the initiative and see if things work better with more unification and then others join along the way , progressively making the continent as a country as a whole and less like a bunch of states arguing among themselves . 
  sure , this is a simplistic view of the whole process , but it must be better than how things currently are , as this north europe vs south europe or germany vs greece or whatever is going on can only harmful for the union as a whole . 
  oh , and the referendum is a must , countries not interested or whose population is clearly against this would not only be illegitimate democratically speaking , it would also bring up cohesion problems , and we have enough of those as it is . 
  so i guess even the most euro-skeptic will agree to this . 
  austerity is what 's required , it 's not pretty but the original problem was government overspending and you ca n't spend your way out of that . 
  while the government continues to drowns itself in debt , growth is severely limited . 
  what 's up to discussion is not if we need to cut government spending but which government spending we should cut . 
  and i 'm sure everyone can agree with the fact that there 's plenty of government spending that 's not beneficial to the economy or to society in general . 
   however , the way they 're acting , protesting every budget cut and legislation that does n't work out in their favor some of the greek grievances are legitimate , but too often it looks like they 're just protesting to the sake of protesting and those achieve nothing positive , they just destabilize the country and make the recovery process more time consuming . 
  also , there are whiners everywhere , do n't just assume all greeks are like that . 
  unfortunately there are people everywhere that for whatever reason are too quick to protest and oppose all measures and just end up delaying the structural changes that need to occur if we want economical growth again . 
  greece just as it worse as they seem to hold more power there . 
   there way too many anti-business people on reddit . 
  fuck yeah you got that right . 
  some people actually think a high minimum wage does n't mess with the unemployment rate !, 
   also in real life , way too many communistic youths that do n't even know what communism is and think it 's about higher taxes on the rich & businesses . 
  yes , they always leave the collectivizations , the purges , the labor camps and the overall misery untold and play the role of the defender of the people . 
  it 's so hypocritical it 's sickening . 
   do europeans have any income left to bring home after getting taxes up their asses ? 
  no , the big government takes it all away and we 're all left almost starving , living off the land and the occasional welfare . 
   economic standpoint  a 100 % tax on food would be brilliant , technically ... what ? 
  no it would n't . 
  til some people actually believe in [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) !, 
  getting out of crises . 
  it 's a bit redundant . 
  yeah , screw the haters , i 'll just say it loud and clear : there 's nothing worrying about lesbianism !, 
  it works for zimbabwe , it must work here , right ? 
  [ imagine the possibilities !, 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/zimbabwe_%24100_trillion_2009_obverse.jpg ), 
   political backlash  however , the threat of a meltdown might push europe 's or the eurozone 's governments to agree a comprehensive solution - either dissolution of the single currency nope  or more integration , perhaps through a democratically-elected european presidency tasked with overseeing a massive round of bank rescues , government guarantees and growth-stimulating infrastructure investment . 
  this, 
   ( this is sarcasm ) i 'm guessing some were upset because of this . 
  you know who they are , the revolutionaries wearing che guevara shirts complaining about capitalism through their ipads and whatnot . 
  i wish high taxes created scandinavian life quality . 
  i guess in those conditions , nobody has any issue in being heavily taxed , too bad it usually never goes as smooth as it goes there . 
  so , are you guys going for trondelag again ? 
  i 'm portuguese and i 'm from the north of the country , traditionally the most conservative area ( look on the referendum link , we and the islands were the only ones mostly saying no ) , and even here religion just is n't a matter . 
  yes , i 'd say most people over 40 are religious , but most people under 30 are not and there is n't any conflict about it at all , it 's a private issue . 
  i have n't made any studies but i guess that  70 % of those who were with me in high school or now college do n't believe in any of it but , again , it does n't matter , if in referendum 60 % vote yes to abortion , then we ca n't be a theocracy and if people just do n't bother to talk about it , it would be the fundamentalist stance to be reddit-atheist . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_abortion_referendum,_2007   official results of the referendum showed that 59.24 % of the portuguese approved the proposal put on ballot , while 40.76 % rejected it . 
  seems like catholicism is n't that prevalent here after all . 
  i 've seen my fair share of religious people , some very serious about it , but i have never seen them being hardcore against abortion . 
  i doubt our society is against abortion , it was indeed [ legalized by referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_abortion_referendum,_2007 ) , that pretty much ends the discussion right there . 
   i 'm a christian and even i think this is silly . 
    i 'm a republican and even i think this is ridiculous . 
    i 'm from israel and even i think this is retarded . 
    i 'm american and even i know that makes no sense . 
  they all look like moronic things to say , i was just pointing it out . 
  channel islands only ? 
  how about the cayman islands , bermuda , virgin islands , turks & caicos islands or isle of mann ? 
  that 's about half of their overseas territories right there !, 
  if we 're europe and we abandon ship , chances are we 'll end up on the african coast ... oh , i 'd love to see the look on their faces , them seeing europeans in rafts asking for humanitarian help !, 
  you 're just patronizing everybody else , why would you assume most americans ( or aussies , canadians , mexicans ... ) are just completely oblivious to european politics ? 
  after all , this is r/europe , if people come here it 's because they 're interested , and even if they did n't know anything about an issue regarding europe , they 'd be learning something . 
  and saying something like `` i 'm x and even i know that '' like it 's inherently inferior to be x or that you have to prove everyone else that not all x are stupid is just wrong . 
   ~ ~ i 'm american and even i know ~ ~ that makes no sense . 
  do n't belittle yourself like that . 
  it 's gibraltar , not gibralter . 
  and you might not be a tactless git but you sure come off as an asshole , saying you 're nice for not voicing your stereotypes . 
   like they do n't have bigger issues to deal with . 
  they have to deal with public opinion , and voicing their concerns for these issues , even if they 're only relevant to a small number of people , helps with that . 
  perhaps more ridiculous than gibraltar is the falklands , do n't the argentinians ever get fed up with their government for always going on and on about it and doing awful on almost everything else ? 
  it 's portuguese , not portugese . 
  and honestly , even if spain gave back oliven\u00e7a to portugal and ceuta and melilla to morroco , what would change about gibraltar ? 
  is the uk now punishing spain because of this and keeping gibraltar only till spain renounces their sovereignty on these territories ?
