  stop being a stupid commie . 
  was that a fight ? 
  all i saw was a bunch of men groping each other , if they had took their clothes off i 'd say it was some very weird porn . 
  i would n't say i 'm proud of them though i perfectly understand them and probably would do the same in their position , only an idiot would pay more taxes if he could get away with paying less . 
   you have introduced the fallacy of the excluded middle . 
  [ sasp777 's solution is well known ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zwolb/saturday_15th_portugal_teeters_on_the_brink/c68hrbe ) , even he admits he 's a communism . 
  so yeah , i 'm not extrapolating anything , i 'm mocking his foolish beliefs . 
   enjoy your downvotes . 
  i 'm crying over all the karma i just lost . 
   you 're going to be really upset with yourself for making this comment in a few minutes . 
  i 'm not upset , it was quite funny , yougotthetouch is right :p, 
  ahaha , i get it now , it 's quite funny !, 
   it 's also fine that they 're mad about it and try to get rid of the bad pr . 
  no , i 'm not going to switch to yahoo !, 
  i suppose they 'd be sent back to their respective countries and buried there , no ? 
   it 's like the old joke ' a plane crashes on the border of france and germany . 
  where do you bury the survivors ? ' . 
  i do n't know this old joke . 
   you know ... it 's not the first time that the rest of europe has to nod to germany , this shit country with shit nazi people is once again on their way to ruin europe . 
  sick of these people i 'm sorry but got to get it off my chest 1/10, 
   you are spot on . 
  it 's the game we play that reinforces this kinds of behaviour . 
  the game has a name though . 
  google 's ceo is right , it 's called capitalism . 
  if only we abolished capitalism , we 'd be able to get google to pay its fair share of taxes . 
  we 'd also destroy google in the process and end up not taxing a dime , but i 'm with you - communism good , capitalism bad . 
  greed gets people lobbying the government for higher benefits and lower taxes as if the government could spend more than what it taxes . 
  while i do agree with you that the market should be liberalised , when you say things like this :  the single market has a value as well as a price , right now the price is increasing rapidly ... ... . you know you 're not serious , the benefit of being inside the single market far outweighs what you have to pay . 
  sure , you 're free to leave , though nobody is really bothered about that because if you did , you 'd only be shooting yourselves in the foot . 
  i do appreciate it that the british are in though , both the eu and the uk benefit from it and you still are very much in favour of non-interventionism in the economy , it helps in minimizing the french `` muh government spending '' which is extra awful when they try to impose it on an european level . 
   this coming from a clearly racist right winger . 
  you people can check his history . 
   the freedom is much less than it appear on its face , it 's mostly about shipping around worker drones to maintain high unemployment and keep down wage demands . 
  we need far more focus on the needs of workers and smes and far less on the needs of transnational corporations and investors . 
  lol communist, 
   british prime minister david cameron ruffled feathers across the channel earlier this year when he said he would `` roll out the red carpet '' for french residents trying to avoid the top tax rate . 
  see ? 
  the french fucking up their tax rates and their economy wo n't be so bad after all - the belgians , the british and the swiss certainly do n't seem so upset by these retarded french socialist policies !, 
   well , the ft is consistent at least . 
  people like you are also stubborn so it kinda evens out . 
   yeah , i think we can all agree that post wwii germany and france are fascist , because they do n't allow nazi propaganda . 
  also , almost all western european countries are fascist , because they do n't allow incitement to violence , or hate speech . 
  what about my free speech in calling for niggers to be killed ? 
  too bad this is the internet , anyone can say anything that it 's all anonymous and nobody 's opinions will have any impact in real life . 
  you trying to ban from reddit a guy in his basement from saying on the internet `` too bad breivik did n't kill you , motherfucker '' because a guy who 's not a nobody would be punished if he said * insert minority group * out loud in public is retarded . 
  if you 're offended , fucking grow up . 
   i suggest they be banned . 
  in the meantime , i suggest you be banned because only a fascist would want to censor the opinions of those he disagrees with and i personally feel offended that bobble413 , the fascist , is actively trying to impose censorship in r/europe . 
   yeah , right , so ' i would like to leave the eu , because it is overly bureaucratic ' is equivalent to ` too bad breivik did n't kill you , motherfucker ' . 
  yeah , nice job portraying the eurosceptics as all polite and trying to actually discuss the policies rather than just shitting on the eu and the guys against immigration as all assholes who 'd gun down every untermensch if they could . 
  if you disagree with them , downvote , ignore and move on , do n't fucking bitch to the mods . 
  i for one think it 's actually funny to have some trolls around , i sometimes even upvote them because of how people like you get pissed , [ deal with it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hx9r2.png ) . 
   nothing will be done like usual , it took months for the mods to do something to the likes of txampion that kept spewing racist bullshit on every thread . 
  what 's your problem with txampion ? 
  in both cases , we 're arguing for mod censorship of content we fully disagree with under the pretence that the people who post such content only talk about one issue and sometimes insults those who disagree with them . 
  be it the guy who only talks about immigration policy and how muslims are shit ( like beanfart ) , the guy who only talks about the uk 's relationship with europe and how europhiles are shit ( like al_gorithm ) or like the guy who only talks about the economy and how communists are shit ( like me ) . 
  i also disagree with al_gorithm 's stance on uk-eu 's relationship , can someone ban him so that i do n't get offended ? 
   i never said she was following the wrong policy , just that i do n't like her as a chancellor and would prefer a red/green coalition . 
  i 'm sorry for bothering you but i do n't understand why . 
  we seem to agree on everything ( i for one do n't ever recall disagreeing with any of your posts , which is insane ) and now you 're telling me cdu/csu/fdp are doing a worse job than spd/greens would . . considering that you 're german and i 'm not , i want to know why . 
  when i 'm discussing these politics , i often find myself defend the german position and the way your country handling of the situation , but if even you think the centre-left spd would handle this better than centre-right cdu and merkel , well , maybe i 'm wrong , maybe there 's more to it . 
  in what way the red/green coalition in germany would be better for europe ? 
  you 're right , but i still fail to realise how merkel is following a wrong policy whereas the spd and the greens would have performed better , at least in regards to the handling of the current eu problems . 
   really ? 
  evolution ? 
  exodus from africa ? 
  all new to you ? 
  are you this stupid ? 
  what , when someone says `` the native americans '' you also step in and say that they 're also descendent from africa ? 
  it seems i 'll have to wait till the next `` like and share a picture of this dying kid and facebook will donate 0.10 $ for his recovery '' campaign to be charitable . 
   what does ` native ' mean ? 
  you could say there are no native europeans and we 're all immigrants from africa . 
  it 's only a matter of time scale . 
  til nobody is a native , we 're all african immigrants . 
   sweden :   - no   business - handshake  brothers ( close male friends ) - hugs  kisses only to so why ? 
  is there something wrong with kissing ? 
   an unsound choice ? 
  within a defensive alliance led by the world 's only superpower , it would be suicide . 
  just like nato got argentina to not invade the falklands . 
   well fuck you to ** o ** mate  i was talking about belgains , not belgians . 
   and who are you , the holly inquisition ? 
  i 'm not the holy inquisition , i 'm portuguese . 
  what 's the matter , ca n't i ask you where you 're from ? 
  [ tfw i get wasted and spend the night with a random girl instead of praying for weeks and fuck a goat ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q8jsm.png ) . 
  sasp777 , are you greek ? 
  `` malucos do riso '', 
   greece and portugal hate on her because they think she embodies the eu . 
  they forget that other countries pay for them too , and also demand austerity as well . 
  nope , we do n't hate them . 
  this is what we think of her :  she is competent , intelligent and at least tries to act like she has integrity . 
  which is more than can be said about most politicians . 
  please do n't confuse what a loud minority here says with the overall public opinion in portugal or greece or wherever , it 's obvious that the communists and the syndicalists now are getting pissed since public spending is being cut but that does n't mean we hate on anyone , specially on people who had nothing to do with us getting into this position . 
   germany you should be ashamed for voting for this absolute wretch of a woman , she looks more sloth than human . 
  you obviously do n't know how to appreciate a mature woman . 
   the preferred coalition partner of the spd are the greens , which would be the only realistic way to get rid of her . 
  there 's still almost a year left until the elections , so there 's hope . 
  you do n't like merkel ? 
   anyways , the way children are treated under islamic norms is much more benign compared to christianity which allows parents to kill their disobedient children . 
  thank fuck my christian parents never killed me , all they ever did was hit me and punish me . 
  if only i was born in saudi arabia , perhaps then i could have had an happier childhood .
