  because that would n't solve shit . 
  greece needs to be set straight , not left to die . 
  prosecute those who let it get like that , fix what needs to be fixed and get it up and working again . 
   edit : to the downvoters - seriously ? 
  you are happy to bash greece but portugal is out of bounds ? 
  nice edit , it actually states what you 're doing very well , bashing , that 's it . 
  if you cared to look at your country before bashing others , you might realize you 're not the pinnacle of self-righteousness and good principles in a sea of countries ( that 's the rest of the eu ) that are only working to undermine yours and take your money and waste it . 
  fuck it , you think that we portuguese , spanish or italians just as bad as an entity that had some members shamelessly participating in corruption in such a way that lead to at least 8000m $ being loss ? 
  you think we citizens are also to blame for the fuck ups of another country because we also happen to be in economical difficulties ? 
  do you realize how absurd it is to claim that , that `` italy , spain and portugal are just as bad . '', 
  and present as evidence a copypaste from wikipedia that says that `` portugal had the 32nd lowest level of corruption , out of 180 countries . 
  in 2009 it had slumped to the 35th place . '', 
  and provide examples about cases of corruption from bad referees ? 
  it 's fucking insane !!!, 
  when the eu starts losing members and we are set back a couple decades , surely , government fuck ups will be to blame , no doubt about that . 
  but your fucking ignorance and `` uk 's euro-skepticism '' ( as if our countries were deliberately acting against yours ) will also play a major role in it , and then i hope you feel good about yourselves . 
  we could be walking towards federalism and a better union , kind of like the usa , but no , let us all hate each other again and claim that others are just as bad as the current black sheep that started it all . 
  instead of trying to fix greece 's problems and the eu 's ones , it 's easier just to scapegoat those who have it harder . 
  good going !, 
   unfortunately , i do n't think most muslims can hold themselves back and not express their faith . 
  that 's a generalization . 
  i 'll be the first to say that i would n't feel comfortable in the middle of them ( but then again , i would n't be comfortable with portuguese people from the 1700s ) , but to say that they all are zealots is just plain wrong . 
  hopefully the muslim world will mature and in the future keep their faith more to themselves . 
  obviously their attempts to islamize europe are doom to fail , we may be riddled with guilt but we 're also filled with nationalism and patriotism for our country and continent that will fire up again if we feel threatened . 
  and we know what happens when it does . 
  all in all , they 're still human , and it 's not difficult to understand their motivations . 
  with time , they 'll probably get past this and feel the same way about what lots of them are doing nowadays as we feel about what we did centuries ago . 
  the atheist part was a bad example , we all know that everyone has the potential to cause great harm , regardless of his background . 
  stalin and mao might have been atheists , but they did n't killed the people they did because they were believers unlike them . 
  and even if they did , it would n't be because they were commanded by it , it would be because , like you said , everyone in the right circumstances can be an asshole . 
  ps : as of hitler , it 's arguable . 
  it 's also funny because even if you take that quote of him seriously , it 's doubtful - he was n't german , he was austrian . 
  wikipedia , really ? 
  sure , there is corruption here . 
  there 's also corruption there ( news of the world comes to mind ) . 
  sometimes i wonder if we 're indeed more corrupt or if you 're just more wealthy and can support more cases of corruption . 
  it 's no excuse , but please do n't put us all in the same bag , please do n't be like the typical euro-skeptic british douche saying that portugal , spain or italy are `` just as bad '' when we 're talking about paying out 8000m $ of pensions to people who already died by greece . 
  oh , and fyi , those cases you just mentioned ( but i 'm pretty sure you just learned about now ) are mostly about corrupted mayors involved in money laundering and fiscal fraud ( oeiras and felgueiras ) and football referee frauds ( apito dourado ) . 
  i doubt how that can be comparable to greece . 
  and take those smily faces when condescending telling us that we 're not as bad as italy or greece and shove them up your bigoted uninformed ass . 
  do you have evidence to support those claims ? 
  sure , there 's corruption here , but claiming we 're as bad as paying 8000m $ worth of pensions to people already deceased without any evidence is just stupid . 
  the money we waste is there for everyone to see - like those football fields everywhere built for the 2004 euro that are nothing but expense . 
  i do n't believe in god ( even though i was raised to be a christian ) and while , at least from my experience , christianity does seem to be more peaceful than islam , it 's certainly not something to brag about . 
  less than 250 years ago , we still had the portuguese inquisition burning jews , new-christians , faithless and other `` wicked '' , and religion was still shoved down people 's throats for much more than that , even after the implantation of the 1st republic . 
  you ca n't claim that christians are morally superior to muslims , it 's just that our society is much more secularized than theirs . 
  if they did as we do , that is to keep religion a private matter , then you could n't possibly say that islam is more violent and oppressive than christianity . 
  i 'd actually love to see it , it would certainly be lulzy !, 
  haha , did they really thought we 'd deal with that religious crap being presented as scientific facts in europe ? 
  but national rivalries are damaging for european integration , are they not ? 
  this . 
  you ca n't expect me to pay more for the same or to pay the same for less just because it was made in portugal or in the eu . 
  if i was greek , i 'd get the fuck out of there and move to germany . 
  i wish we europeans were more united , and this shit really does n't help . 
  burning flags , really ? 
  as if the debt by the greek government ( and not only the greek , even mine is almost buried in debt ) was n't enough , this shit happens ? 
  what happened to the european union ? 
  do we really want not to work as a team like  60 years ago ? 
  do n't we know how that worked out and how better things were when we were united ? 
  i mean , seriously , burning flags ? 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  that 's impossible . 
  the right to privacy is protected by our law . 
  i 'm not even worried , i wonder why it seems that you 're even taking this seriously . 
  i wonder why people still care about moody 's . 
  were n't they the ones ( alongside goldman sachs ) who kept on rating aaa to investments they know were going to fail and then had to tell the us government that all they provided were mere ` opinions ' to avoid prosecution ? 
  portugal # 1 in income inequality !, 
  not like they even have to apologize ( or we to accept any , for that matter ) . 
  if i were danish , i 'd also be against the euro at the moment . 
  considering i 'm portuguese like you , the only think i want right now for the europe union is to act as one with the only objective of ending with this economic crisis . 
  and no , breaking up is not the answer - things have always been worse off when we did n't act as a union . 
  porto, 
  i thought that a couple years back there was a scare with a bomb in a train station in hamburg , iirc . 
  but the point remains and i agree with you , our most dangerous enemy is fear itself , we ca n't let this fear campaign get to us , for the sake of the civil rights our parents and grandparents fought so much to achieve . 
   `` we have a latent terrorist danger , '' merkel told broadcaster rtl in an interview after the arrests . 
  `` it has become the new great challenge and the world community has to work together much more in order to learn how to confront this threat . '', 
    merkel went on to say that the tightening of security laws , which has been criticized for restricting civil liberties , was a necessary measure to protect the german people from an attack . 
    `` i am prepared to accept stronger controls , '' merkel said . 
  `` we passed laws that brought previously unforeseen restrictions with them ... 
  in my personal view , that 's necessary in order to protect the free lives of the majority of people . '', 
    merkel 's interior minister , hans-peter friedrich , said the arrests showed that german anti-terror laws were working and needed to be extended when parliament debates them later this month . 
    `` i believe that these laws are indispensable and also have played a part in each anti-terror success - not just in this case but in previous ones as well , '' friedrich said in an interview on german public television . 
  so much talk about these laws , yet not a single measure was announced . 
  yes , i get it , tightening security laws . 
  care to give us an example ? 
  damn , why ca n't germans just have fun ? 
  why do they always have to ban everything media related ? 
  be it ` violent ' video games , youtube music videos or even this kind of nonsense like the `` like '' button , i wonder if they even try to just enjoy life . 
  leave euro ? 
  lol yes , because leaving the euro would help everyone involved and would not totally have far worse consequences than those we 're all feeling right now . 
  here in portugal , summer is best enjoyed at ~ 30\u00bac , but sometimes it gets to +40 \u00bac and can turn into a hell outside !, 
  15\u00bac is still chilly !, 
  but in ireland you ca n't buy alcohol at least till ~ 10am . 
  i learned that when i was there and it was kind of a disappointment . 
  why is that every time berlusconi appears on the news it is about a new scandal ? 
  i intended this . 
  hopefully with this both subreddits will grow in terms of numbers . 
  i for one would like to see a more influent european community on reddit , it gets boring very quickly how most main subreddits get so easily flooded with us content , and every time this is pointed out it gets buried in tons of downvotes with some replies like `` hurr durr this is an american website '' . 
  language is n't that big of a deal , euronews does just fine . 
  also , speaking from a non-english speaking country , to make things simpler , english would work just fine - this is r/europe and i 'm pretty sure most people here are n't from english speaking countries , but since everyone already seems to know english and ( afaik ) english is part of the national curriculum of most ( if not all ) eu countries , an european channel in english would be understood by most and would serve its purpose better than no channel at all .
