  no wonder they 're trying to avoid it . 
   because it is `` avoiding an exceptional effort in a time when the country faces exceptional difficulties and when everyone else contributes more '' is everybody else paying 75 % tax ? 
  because hollande makes a pretty clear case that he 's targeting only the wealthy . 
   there would have been no revolution that riot police could n't have handled . 
  [ and this is yet another reason why i love you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6fijr.gif ) . 
   greece style cuts are really an apocalyptic scenario . 
  nobody mentioned greece style cuts and even the greeks would be fine if their cuts were accompanied with tax cuts - which they 're not . 
   not to mention things like a police force that stops people from breaking into his house , roads , a military that keep invaders away most of the time , ... all of this which was already covered in the past where there was no 75 % tax rate . 
  that norwegian lady failed to present a single argument as to why the uk and norway would benefit from getting disconnected with the eu . 
  what the heck was she doing there ? 
   9 upvotes . 
  this sub is shite . 
  you should see the shit they upvote in the default subreddits . 
   also its funny to note brazil does n't even make the top 25 !, 
  haha brasil is our # 9 , should we leave and become europe 's panam\u00e1 ? 
   awww , he knows how to use google translate as well . 
  watch out guys , we are dealing with a genius over here . 
   but germany just makes it much , much worse by requiring portugal to fit into german inflation targets , regardless of the pain it causes portugal what ? 
  what would be painful would be to inflate our wealth away and fail to fix the underlining problem which is the constant excessive deficits . 
   while germany does n't help portugal . 
  you 've got to be kidding me , they have already sent millions and millions through cohesion and development eu funds . 
  what , you think it should be germany the one to pay for all of portugal 's mistakes and mismanagements ? 
   that 's why the ecb left euro interest rates unchanged at its last meeting . 
  ecb = / = germany  that just is n't fair . 
  it also would n't be fair for the rest of europe if we paid less than that which we agreed to . 
   a judicious management of demand , like indeed the  3 % german fiscal deficits earlier in the cycle has it 's part to play . 
  if we agreed to a 3 % deficit through the euro convergence agreement , we ca n't complain about it now . 
  if anything , it should have been more strictly enforced in the past - if it were , we would n't be in the mess now . 
   no one is suggesting some absurd weimar printing . 
  you 're the one who wants to print money , as if inflation should n't be kept in check at 2 % or 3 % . 
   but a reasonable sensitivity to the travails of southern europe could be expected of germany in view of how southern europe 's demand helped germany earlier in the cycle . 
  it is n't about helping in cycles , it 's about all of us working together . 
  we ca n't fuck up out fiscal budgets for years and demand the germans to pay for this . 
   i just can not abide people who think the germans are gon na do them a favour when the germans are just gon na stiff 'em . 
  the germans are n't going to fuck anyone , they 're being perfectly reasonable and fair , they also benefit if we improve our situation . 
  just stop trying to get them to pay for our mistakes . 
  i have a different yet similar question : citizens of northern and middle countries : what do you think of the people when you visit the southern countries ? 
  i certainly see a lot of you northerners clueless in the underground and constantly help you giving directions x ) it 's always funny to see often blond and somewhat foreign-looking people all lost and looking at every plate as if it were in chinese trying to understand where they should go to get to wherever . . though do n't worry , i almost always intervene and end up helping in case of need xd, 
   see that 's reasonable , i can agree with you that would be ideal , but how can you realistically implement this ? 
  just like the austrians and germans and danes and swedes and finns did , it 's presented , discussed in parliament and approved . 
  what could be so difficult about it ? 
   i realize this is the theory , but i 'm not sure it will work so well in our context . 
  i mean just look at how erse is managing the liberalization of the electricity sector . 
  again , the electricity sector is a natural monopoly . 
  unless it 's a free market where there are several competitors and they have a equal chance and are n't working as a cartel , you ca n't discuss these issues . 
   so while on theory i could agree with some reforms to the labor laws , but not just making them more precarious , because i do n't that 's the solution , i 'm mostly afraid of the implementation in portugal . 
  because most of our adaptations of other countries suck . 
  and of course the companies obviously take advantage of poor governing . 
  you 're comparing the electricity market where there 's one supplier and a lot of consumers to the labour market where there 's a lot of suppliers and a lot of consumers . 
  it would work here just as fine as it did in the countries previously mentioned , there 's no incentives for it to go work , both the employers and the employees would benefit for a less restricted market and the labour unions could actually start doing something useful for a change . 
   no , but the minimum wage should definitely be adjusted to the cost of living . 
  there 's a reason all the social partners including the companies confederation and and the confederation of commerce and industry are ok with the proposal to raise barely the minimum wage to 500 $ . 
  because they know their employees barely pay their bills right now . 
  there 's more to it . 
  the labour unions want it because it does protect those who are already employed ( the people who they 're there to protect ) , the social partners are fine with it because it shows they 're not evil and that they want us to succeed and are willing to give something up ( and it 's is n't that big of an issue , it 's only a small increase ) and the companies also are n't making much of an issue because they already have people they hired whose wages make up for the minimum wage and because if the minimum wage was lowered instead of raised then they could possibly lose if some other company hired these new workers under the current threshold while the companies which already wired the workers would either be stuck with the workers they have now or have to pay fees if they decided to fire them . 
  the ones who 'll lose the most if this goes forward are not represented , it 's the workers ( like me if i was n't studying ) whose qualifications are n't enough to make up for a 500 $ wage . 
  i agree with you , the minimum wage needs to be adjusted to the cost of living , but not like this , it should be on a case to case level like in austria , because it 's actually silly that a 21 living alone on a rented house to have the same minimum wage than a guy in his 30s with an unemployed wife and 2 kids , and our systems completely neglects the situation of the individuals it tries to protect . 
   so no you 're not giving money directly to tap from your taxes now . 
  and ryanair services ca n't be compared to tap , they are a low cost airline , so you have to pay for everything that they deem more than essential . 
  and tap is certifiable a great airline , how many awards did ryanair won ? 
  what 's the average review of a ryanair passenger ? 
  and tap is n't exactly a near bankrupt company , it has a big passive yes , but so do a lot of airlines . 
  the value of the company is certainly more than the 20 millions it 's gon na be sold . 
  one thing is certain , tap workers are public workers paid by our taxes while ryanair is completely independent . 
  these both offer the same services and ryanair is n't a burden for the state and actually flies more people . 
  if ryanair charges for a drink on board and only flies if the flight is full while tap offers everyone a meal and does n't bother flying a plane with only a dozen passengers , that 's besides the point - it 's not the role of the state to have an airline , specially one which is so inefficient and is costing us all more money than the benefit it 's giving us . 
  about its privatisation , i do n't know about it , i also do n't trust relvas but between him selling it or tap continuing to add to our debt , i much rather have tap being managed by the chinese or argentinians or whatever and not be taxed as much . 
  so if the gov want to have a serious talk about selling tap for it 's true network value it needs to be a transparent process and again not run by minister relvas . 
   again , all of the privatizations that are going on are gon na serve the tax payer better and that 's the problem . 
  i never said i agreed with the model of rtp has , i just said i do n't agree what it is happening with the privatization process . 
  yes you pay a fee now for the `` public television '' but once the angolans buy 49 % of it and apparently become majority shareholders ( who would think 49 would be the new 51 ? ), 
  you will still efectivly pay a fee for a state propaganda tv station owned by angolans . 
  so is this helpful ? 
  again if the gov would want to have a serious discussion about this they would n't made any of the bullshit that has been happening . 
  you 're right . 
  if it was me , i 'd sell 100 % of it , the state does n't need the expense and certainly needs the money it would make by selling it . 
  i do n't even watch rtp , the only portuguese tv i watch is almost only sic not\u00edcias and sic radical , so it 's not like i 'd even bother at all if the new owners decided to change the channel drastically . 
   i remember reading some scaremonger article about the eu becoming the 4th reich and thinking : `` hey , this does n't sound half bad . '', 
  hey , a 4th reich sounds awful , the thing is that things are n't panning out like that , not even close . 
  if anything , the germans are always super cautious about everybody else and end up being under-represented ( like in the european parliament ) considering their sheer economic power and influence . 
   while i do n't know how wide spread the sentiment is , most of my friends , both countrymen and foreign have a very positive view of germany and would support german leadership in the eu so no , you are not alone . 
  yeah , just like there 's the eurosceptics in the uk , there 's also a different kind of eurosceptics here , they constantly go on about how merkel wants us to be enslaved by the german banks and how they 're trying to cut back on our acquired rights and that kind of moronic rambling , it 's the communists and the like , they despise germany for standing up for economic freedom and the like , for portugal 's entry in the eec and essentially denying the communists a chance in power because everyone turned to the eec funds rather than on the communist solution which would be to emulate the eastern bloc . 
  they 're the crazy minority so who cares about them , most people support the eu and germany 's position in it . 
  close enough , then we get each other . 
  x ) yeah , our food is the best . 
  it 's both of us and the italians , damn . 
   and you can have 25 % portuguese unemployment , 50 % for your kids more like 15 % unemployment rate and 35 % for the youth . 
  close enough though . 
  which is our own fault , it 's we the ones who have high corporate tax rates , a very inflexible labour market , a justice system in the gutter and an education system which fails in properly training young people to join the workforce . 
  if we ca n't attract investment and even nationals are moving abroad , it 's because the business conditions here are poor , and it was us the ones who made portugal like this , it 's certainly not germany 's fault . 
   just to scratch the german 2 % inflation itch because inflation = employment ? 
  yeah , if only we could print money and devalue everything , we 'd all be great , suddenly our structural deficits and our unattractive business sector would be fixed . 
  lol  while the germans despise you as lazy . 
  yeah , it 's always the evil germans . 
  xd why would you try to scapegoat them ? 
   fool . 
  now that 's just rude . 
   this is racism . 
  homosexuality greatly offends muslims . 
  next thing you know the french will make it legal to mary dogs because dogs are culturally sensitive animals to muslims .
