  [ please do read some bastiat ] ( http://bastiat.org/fr/cqovecqonvp.html#restriction ) , i 'm sure you 'll learn something . 
  [ here ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#restriction ) 's the link in english so that everybody can read . 
  and to make things even simpler , here , in arguing about the employment created from trade barriers , this is what he said :  it is true , the crown-piece , thus directed by law into m. prohibant 's strong-box , is advantageous to him and to those whose labour it would encourage ; and if the act had caused the crownpiece to descend from the moon , these good effects would not have been counterbalanced by any corresponding evils . 
  unfortunately , the mysterious piece of money does not come from the moon , but from the pocket of a blacksmith , or a nail-smith , or a cartwright , or a farrier , or a labourer , or a shipwright ; in a word , from james b. , who gives it now without receiving a grain more of iron than when he was paying ten francs . 
  thus , we can see at a glance that this very much alters the state of the case ; for it is very evident that m. prohibant 's profit is compensated by james b. 
  's loss , and all that m. prohibant can do with the crown-piece , for the encouragement of national labour , james b. might have done himself . 
   well , the collapse of their stuff1 industry removes the revenues of a part of the population . 
  and yet the people will continue to have those goods and the income they would have otherwise spent on stuff1 - the industry of stuff2 , 3 or 4 would benefit as the consumers would now have more disposable income and buy more from these sectors . 
  the way you 're talking , it 's as if it 's bad to buy at low prices , that somehow the goal is n't cheaper goods and higher standards of living but full employment - if that 's the case , why do we allow machines to dump our markets with low price foods when you could artificially employ people to do the work that tractors and oxen do so much more efficiently ? 
  you 're french , why not [ block out the sun to protect the national industries of france ] ( http://bastiat.org/fr/petition.html ) ? 
   repeat this process with stuff2 , stuff3 ... stuffn until this becomes a problem on the national level . 
  even in the most extreme case , that would n't be a problem . 
  we 're talking about a fta with japan , i believe [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9stbcacdim ) is pretty much spot on and sums it up nicely on how that would n't be an issue even with the full absence of any trade barriers . 
   assuming a government that actually lets such monopolies happen . 
  are you serious ? 
  most monopolies show up precisely because of government restrictions , government subsidies , government intervention . 
   how so ? 
  local competition will drive prices down anyway . 
  local competition is n't as efficient as worldwide competition . 
  the americans have corn in their coca-cola because of a quota on sugar , the brazilians have shitty computers because of the massive tariffs , the chinese could be so wealthy but continue to live miserably because they constantly devalue their yuan . 
  the freer the market , the best people are off . 
   how so ? 
  we assumed no tariffs in the `` other stuff '' sector . 
  even so , if you impose a tariff on a then people will have to pay more for a and therefore will have less money to spend on b even if b has no tariffs whatsoever . 
   both characteristics can be helped by economics of scale ( how do we say that in english ? 
  : advantage coming from higher volumes of production ) . 
  economies of scale , yes , but there 's also the law of diminishing marginal returns , you ca n't just produce for the whole world and expect to constantly be the best producer , even without any kinds of restrictions . 
   the size of the market does matter and can lower costs ( including the cost of a higher quality ) through access to bigger markets . 
  can lower costs ? 
  so we should ban or tax very high japanese goods so that they ca n't sell here ? 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
  we 'd only be hurting ourselves , they would just as easily sell to the usa or else whereas we 'd be the ones who 'd have to pay higher prices . 
   countries subsidize specific industries , in hopes of selling at less than market value . 
  let them , it 's their loss , twice actually , first their taxpayers lose because they 're being taxed to finance such subsidies and secondly they also lose because they 're selling below market value . 
   not even the largest free trade organization , the wto , approves of dumping . 
  '' [ the more dumping , the better ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=qxkx4poxa0g#t=2304s ) '' - milton friedman, 
   those who cheat have even more to gain advantage . 
  protectionism is n't cheating , it 's hurting yourself far more than you hurt the others . 
   if b has a surplus production of stuff , it will be able to feed the local market and export to a at a lower price than companies from a , who will not be able to compete ( actually this situation happens in the agricultural sector of many poor countries that ca n't compete with usa and europe ) and a will be worse off how ? 
  they 'll have cheaper `` stuff '' and will be able to focus on producing `` other stuff '' , that 's better for them . 
   why are you assuming monopolies ? 
  there can be a competition of several companies from b , this is even the best option . 
  because lack of free trade helps in promoting domestic monopolies and oligopolies . 
   there can be a competition of several companies from b , this is even the best option . 
  the best would be worldwide competition . 
   they all would have a competitive advantadge over companies from a : access to a bigger market . 
  that 's what 's seen , what about what 's not seen ? 
  what about the consumers of b who will have to pay higher prices for `` stuff '' and will have less money for buying `` other stuff '' and the unemployment that will cause in the `` other stuff '' sector ? 
  the companies from a will not be that harmed , they 'll still be able to stay in business if they 're productive , who cares that those of b can technically sell to a larger amount of people , what matters in the end is the price and the quality of their products . 
   well , free trade between japan and the eu is hardly opening up a hugely cheap labour market now is it ? 
  heck , even within the eec or the eu nowadays you had and have larger disparities than the average between the eu and japan . 
  and it 's not like `` oh , the germans and the british lost their jobs to the cheaper labour of southern and eastern europe '' . 
   companies in b will be more competitive . 
  no they will not . 
   the loss of purchasing power that the tariff brings is quickly offset by the competitive advantage that 's ridiculous , the consumers in that country will be the most hurt and the national monopolies will often not be able to cope in foreign markets . 
  by that logic , we 'd be flooded with brazilian goods and , well , we 're not . 
   and if they do n't respect them ? 
  and if a national producer does n't respect them ? 
   then we need to not let them sell here . 
  that 's not protectionism , that 's regulation . 
  according to wiki :  protectionism is the economic policy of restraining trade between states through methods such as tariffs on imported goods , restrictive quotas , and a variety of other government regulations designed to allow ( according to proponents ) `` fair competition '' between imports and goods and services produced domestically . 
   american here . 
  nafta , north american free trade agreement led to much american manufacturing being sent to mexico for cheaper labor . 
  then smaller factories that remained in the us could not compete with imports made with cheaper labor so they closed putting even more americans out of work . 
  from what i 've seen , free trade just means the ability to move manufacturing to where labor is the cheapest . 
  then raise the tariffs and enjoy all the benefits of protectionism and mercantilism  i mean , why would you want to be like hong kong when you could become like brazil ? 
   does the usa approve of that ? 
  what does it matter ? 
   it increases tax revenue at the expense of the consumers , much like vat . 
   an industry ca n't improve incrementally if there is no industry . 
  yet that has never happened . 
  while domestic monopolies may be severely jeopardised with free trade , societies as a whole have benefited and benefit from it . 
   you need somewhat capable people that are trusthworthy enough to financiers . 
  yep , you need people that can prove their worth and that are competitive , that can succeed without the help of the government keeping competitors out . 
   every succesful industrialization has involved nurturing starting industries behind barriers until they were strong enough to compete . 
  no , no , no . 
  silicon valley succeeded without protection , hong kong and singapore never had any trade barriers and are industrial powerhouses , the founding members of the eec succeeded while not imposing trade barriers on one another . 
  and what about india which for so long was protectionist ? 
  what about brazil who still has 80 % tariffs ? 
  what about the ussr which had plenty of subsidies to national industries and high tariffs on foreign goods ? 
  did these countries ever became economic powerhouses while they were strangling the purchasing power of its people ? 
   you really have to be protectionist against countries not enforcing a minimum of rules on these subjects . 
  i disagree , what we need is one set of standards . 
  free trade does n't discriminate based on the origin of the goods , only on its qualities , whereas protectionism discriminates against foreign goods and favours domestic ones . 
  with regards to child labour , food safety and environmental standards , it 's not a question of protectionism , it 's a question of equality before the law . 
  it 's similar to vat and tariffs - one imposes a cost on all goods whereas the other only targets imports . 
   the trade balance would shift to their advantage , as their product could be sold in europe but not the reverse . 
  what about it ? 
  it would be their loss that they 'd be `` protected '' against lower prices . 
   only if their own industry could compete . 
  otherwise , they would just bankrupt some of their own companies and be dependent on foreign products . 
  and the consumers would be better off and would have more disposable income and new industries would prop up to satisfy the consumers ' needs . 
   at this point they 're no longer prohibitive . 
  while there are models such as comparative advantages , there are others such as [ hotelling 's law ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hotelling%27s_law ) . 
  do n't worry , free trade wo n't kill domestic industries , it will only improve them by forcing them to compete against more , it will bring down monopolies and make them more productive . 
   the more people are playing fair , the higher the reward for cheating/protectionism . 
  how so ? 
  imagine that switzerland raised massive tariffs but was still allowed to export freely to the eu . . how would that benefit them ? 
  most of their goods would become much more expensive , they 'd lose a lot of purchasing power . 
  brazil exports quite a lot and has a lot of restrictions to imports , and it 's only hurting them , they 'd be better off if they allowed cheaper foreign goods in .
