   i think i 'm allowed to be this way honey . 
   you 're allowed to be however you want to be , i 'm just trying to understand your situation and to give you the perspective from this side of the border . 
  though in the end you 're a spanish citizen and i 'm not so i guess you know best about your own country than i do . 
   christmas and easter bonuses have been cut , or at least for the public sector . 
  here they did that as well but these minimum wages are for everybody . 
   in czech republic many of city water utilities were privatised during the early 90 's . 
  the main result are price increases every year , over thousand of percents over the time . 
  one of two things happened , either there was a natural monopoly and the company that owned them took advantage of being the only distributor of water or these were actual increases in the price of water or its distribution . 
  on the first situation then the government needs to step in and establish a maximum price ( but one that does n't lead to the company closing down ) and in the second situation then it was unfortunate but it 's an extra expense that if it was n't supported by the increase of the price , it would be supported by the taxes , in the end you 'd be paying more regardless of who owned the water company so it 's indifferent . 
   economic progress under socialism dwarfs anything the old order came up with economic progress under socialism was negative , there was a massive loss in life quality . 
  and the old order is dead and long gone , they are n't coming back , not in the form of monarchies they 're not , no , now tyrants come disguised as man of the people , you know , like every communist government there has ever been . 
   at least under socialism the famines that may have been the result of collectivisation ( or at least made existing famines worse ) lead to a massive increase in food production . 
  with the exception of ww2 , free market systems did n't have famines . 
  oh , and starving people to overproduce food is beyond retarded . 
  also , look up the definition of `` opportunity cost '' . 
   that 's untrue . 
  living conditions rose for the general population and the extravagance of the nomenklatura is a myth . 
  except for megalomaniacs like ceausescu . 
  and the soviets . 
  and the chinese . 
  and the north koreans . 
  and the cubans . 
  face it , these people became the very thing they set out to destroy once they seized power , the only thing achieved was often a bloodbath , an even more repressive system and a decrease of the average life quality . 
   i do n't see why my defense for aspects of old socialism make me agree with a dictator who inspired his policy on north korea leaderworship the problem with old socialism is that it leads to the new socialism . 
  your ideology sure is appealing as they describe it but it always fails because we 're greedy humans and power corrupts and people only want what 's better for themselves , nobody actually cares more about the poor and the needy in a socialist system than they do in a free market one . 
  it 's like religion , just because you might believe in it with all your strength , that does n't make it true , we 're still going to be whom we are . 
  it 's precarious condition made it possible to be overthrowed . 
  no , it was precarious because it was poorly designed and dysfunctional , it was overthrown because it was socialist , not despite being socialist . 
   i do n't deny capitalist success stories . 
  i do n't deny capitalist failures either , like bangladesh , eastern europe , venezuela , etc. . . 
  i do n't know about bangladesh , eastern europe is the failure of communist , not capitalism , and venezuela has plenty of oil and is also destroyed by ch\u00e1vez socialism . 
   no , but i do realize that corporatism is pretty much inevitable in a capitalist society . 
  not if you keep a balance of powers . 
  it 's the same for everything , in a weakened democracy it can be both the corporations or the workers and the unions seizing power and the consequences being wholly negative for everyone . 
  however there are examples like switzerland where power has always been balanced , democracy preserved and the free entry of the market cherished and they 're a great example , they just live there in the mountains and have a great life quality , they have never faced that which you mention about corporatism and protectionism , exploitation and censorship . 
  examples like this of working old socialism , unfortunately one can only find in the books , a bit like heaven in the bible , yeah , sounds interesting , but it actually does n't exist . 
   * head desk *   * buys glasses *   * edit 's original post to show idiocy * chill , that can happen to anyone x ), 
   here 's the video incase any one is interested . 
  dude , i linked to the video within my own post xd, 
   polls taken in east germany show around 50 % or more see it as favorable and prefer it over the current regime . 
  that 's nonsense . 
   while the germans did much , much more effort in building off socialism in east germany than they ever did in denazifying germany . 
  oh , come on , do n't pull the `` gfr is a continuation of nazi germany '' , that 's retarded . 
   in former yugoslavia , and the ex-ussr , similar polls generally show an even more favorable view . 
  all those countries are free to try the same moronic socialist policies again . 
   secondly , the divide between the east and the west of europa was already visible in the 19th century and became less pronounced with the rise of the soviet union . 
  if you ignore all the famines and the repression and the collectivisations , yeah , things were n't that different . 
  though you 're ignoring the elephant in the room . 
   it 's a fact that at least the ussr and yugoslavia made greater economic progress than the rest of western europe . 
  it 's also a fact that mostly everybody lived in awful conditions while the nomenklatura and those friendly to the regime lived with even more extravagance than the system they set out to destroy . 
  at least the monarchs and the aristocrats of the ancient regimes were n't hypocrites . 
   states like bulgaria and rumania i do n't really know about . 
  read up on romania and ceausesco . 
  i dunno what you 'll make of it , you might even like it , though i personally find it extremely distasteful . 
   then , during the late 70s , 80s the system started to slow down , did n't manage to innovate and then the collapse yes , demonstrating the flaw of central planning . 
  i mean , it collapsed on its own , right ? 
   unbridled free market pretty much did more economic damage than two million german soldiers invading the place 50 years ago . 
  what ? 
  so the success of the west was the downfall of the east ? 
  i really do n't get you , zombie lenin . 
   this in my opinion explains the divide better than a simple free market/central planning hypothesis . 
  namely , more than 20 years of the worst of central planning combined with the worst of the free market . 
  the worst of a free market ? 
  switzerland seems amazing all around . 
   ( edit : but i 'm still going to favor the worst of socialism over the worst of capitalism ) i think the problem with you is that you confuse capitalism with corporatism and free market with protectionism of the powers that be . . 
   well in the case of spain is more of a desunifying force and constant reminder of our national identity but in the sense of fascism so not really positive . 
  dude , do n't be like that , i wish our president was as cool and able as your king , here we have a guy that says he wo n't be able to afford his expenses after retirement ( he is already receiving pension from his teaching days ) and that totally forgot he was pm for 10 years from 85 to 95 and campaigned for pr saying he 'd be against some things he did in his pm years ( like saying we should invest in the sea when he downsized our fishing fleet because of cfp ) . 
  he 's nothing when compared to king carlos that [ told hugo ch\u00e1vez to shut it up when he was attacking former spanish pm aznar ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luzxlxkbaxm ) or [ prevented a coup by telling the military to stand down during the transition to democracy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcc0_8i0cys ) . 
  in short , our democratically elected idiot is a joke when compared to your king . 
  not that this makes me a monarchist , i still clearly favour the popular vote over kings and monarchs , but in your case , the person is more important than the system . 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pedro_ii_of_brazil ) 's another example of this but from the past . 
  cgpgrey has made a very interesting [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhyygnhhkfw ) with regards to the british monarchy , i totally get it why they do n't want to abolish it now . 
   minimum wage in greece is currently 586 $ / m. 
  actually that 's because greece ( and portugal as well ) paying in 14 months as opposed to paying in 12 months . 
  the graph actualises to 12 months . 
  the only difference between it being the private sector or the state the ones providing water is that one charges you directly and the other charges you more but through taxes . 
  do n't be fooled , water being owned by the state wo n't make it free . 
   [ le me . 
   your `` arguments '' are old theories , all of which have been proved false . 
  you clearly lack any kind of real world experience . 
  you have nothing you can compare your theories to , that 's obvious . 
  `` no , what you say is wrong and you do n't know what you 're talking about '' . 
   you think if there only were more poor guys you maybe could be one of the guys fucking them up the ass . 
  yeah , that 's what i do , just the other day i had sex with a hobo . 
   you say , well , capitalism fails humans frequently , so , even more capitalism to the rescue !, 
  damn , if only we could be more like venezuela or gdr and less like switzerland or the netherlands , we 'd have more reliable systems :\\  if we all just had even more stress and fear to fail we 'd certainly all be more motivated and more productive . 
  what are you going on about ? 
  how is letting people choose for themselves stressful and bad ? 
   you know this medicine does not help but your idea is `` more of the exact same medicine '' . 
  more of the same ? 
  iirc , we 're in this crisis because of too much government spending , the countries which are in a better spot today are those that had the lowest government intervention in the economy . 
   a last thing , if you ca n't even get a job for minimum wage you 're probably not important enough for employers . 
  what ? 
  you 're meant to establish personal relationship with your employers ? 
   i for one will never employ anti-social big-mouths like you appear to be on reddit . 
  you will never employ anyone so it 's not like your opinion matters . 
   only the baltics where part of the ussr actually . 
  though the free-market/central-planning divide is clearly visible throughout europe even after all the years that have passed since the end of the cold war and the fall of the regimes of the east . 
   and support for the ussr seems preferable to the delusion encountered frequently with eastern europeans where they believe they will catch up with western europe soon thanks to capitalism you can ask the east germans if they preferred their old system if you want to . 
  it will take decades to overcome all the damage done by the central-planning , that 's for sure , it 's like a marathon where some people have always been walking towards the objective of growth and prosperity and some others have tried running backwards or in the wrong direction , it takes time to recover the lost ground .
