   btw , i am one of those who already left . 
  where to ? 
   food is n't sold abroad with people starving in the country ? 
  even when the poor had no money ? 
  if the poor have no money then the prices fall as otherwise these products wo n't be sold at all . 
   undoubtably , not being able to import food hurt the situation , but this was the invisible hand of the market 's fault . 
  if you 're restricting the market like you did there with not allowing food imports then obviously you 're disrupting the functioning of the market , how is is a free market if you 're not allowed to buy and sell wherever ? 
   are you one of those free market fundamentalists who ca n't admit it when they 're shown evidence to the contrary ? 
  a famine in ireland that started in the 1840s during the corn laws =  flaw of the free market ? 
  do you have any idea of what you 're saying ? 
   you 're as bad as the communists were . 
  i 'm as bad as those who instituted central planning , told farmers what , how , where , when and to whom to sell , raised tariffs on foreign food while people were going through difficult times and allowed millions to starve during the collectivisations even when i 'm arguing against just that ? 
  yes , i 'm awful for wanting the exact opposite of that , for defending a free market system which [ for the past 100 years has n't allowed a single famine to happen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines ) with the exception of those that happened during wartime . 
   start living in the real world please . 
  i 'll advise you just that , please stop living in that fantasy world of yours where everything will be better off if people decide for you what 's best for you . 
   do you think portugal should move towards a more liberal , free-market economy yes . 
   like they do in the us no . 
  like they do in switzerland . 
   it seems like a lot of the problems you describe are due to heavy government regulation and massive spending on welfare programs . 
  and they are . 
   i 'm not criticizing portugal , the us has its own major problems . 
  but i 'm curious as to what you think is the solution . 
  no , you 're right . 
  i just do n't think the us is an answer as you have your own problems of constant public deficits , an insane spending on the military , you constantly devalue the dollar and raise the debt ceiling as opposed to cutting spending and/or raising taxes and you 're getting quite regulatory and protectionist . 
   also , why are n't other european countries that have large welfare states like sweden or germany as badly affected as portugal ? 
  because these other countries get their money 's worth in taxation whereas we spent it on useless shit like highways that we really do n't need , airports without flights , stadiums for a single event and so on and so forth . 
  taxes are not inherently bad , they are meant to pay for public goods and services like the justice system , the police , the basic public infrastructure and so on , these are a necessity . 
  there may be some problems in efficiency when the state taxes with the objective of redistribution but still , not all of this is bad , i for one support state subsidies in sectors like education and healthcare , it helps slightly with equality ( specially equality of opportunity , as that 's my main concern ) and is n't that harmful to efficiency . 
  the real problem arises when a state taxes and outright wastes the money it levied from the taxpayers , and we 've had that for way too long , that 's why we need to reduce the scope of our state . 
  sweden and germany , these have their problems but they 're still in great shape because they never allowed their debt to spiral out of control ( whereas portugal is now over 100 % of gdp ) , these do for the most part get their money 's worth in public goods and services and these do n't over tax their businesses and do n't compromise the competitiveness of their economy to pay for their welfare state ( whereas portugal has high taxes not only on personal income and vat but also high corporate rates ) . 
   germany are going for the diplomatic victory via the eu in 37 years the game will end . 
   the landowners sent the food out of the country because the irish could n't afford it . 
  that 's why they starved . 
  nonsense , they were following orders from the english . 
  food is n't sold abroad when there are people starving in the country , besides , it was food , specially back then it was perishable , there would be no benefit whatsoever in not selling them . 
   no central planning , the landowners were private . 
  tell me how , in any way this had anything to do with government policy . 
  considering that `` laissez faire '' was literally the name of government policy at the time . 
  they still had the damned corn laws at the time , only after they were abolished there started being an improvement !, 
  that 's like drinking bleach and puking afterwards , and blaming the puke and not the bleach for the massive pain !, 
   fuck man , it sounds like all of those problems are heavily institutionalized . 
  there are rarely any quick , easy solutions to overcome issues that are so integrated into the system . 
  that sounds pretty damn bleak . 
  yeah , it will definitely be difficult but fortunately for us people are disenchanted with the political system and the troika alongside the eu are pushing through some reform as the conditions of the bailout . 
  i actually really like it here , it 's a shame the country got to this situation , though i 'm positive that things will improve and i hope i 'll be able to find good employment here in porto once i graduate . 
   no sense talking to you . 
  you 've deleted all your other posts and now this , u/fforw ? 
   why ? 
  did you have to pay for high school back then ? 
  worse , the state did what it could to keep the masses ignorant . 
  only in the end of its years it tried to reverse the trend but it was too little too late and it eventually was toppled . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estado_novo_%28portugal%29#education ), 
   it is , but there 's a world of difference between what development means in portugal and what it means in , say , france . 
  if the eu27 is 100 % , then france is 108 % and portugal 77 % , it 's not that big a difference , the major problem here is indeed the unemployment . 
  [ source ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/gdp_per_capita,_consumption_per_capita_and_price_level_indices ), 
   bullshit . . that 's your ideologically biased interpretation of it . 
  because you just put a blind eye towards the effects you do n't like . 
  nonsense , present me an example of a free market that went wrong and that government did n't play a role in that . 
   greed is of course there and far too useful to be ignored then cut the `` in the end is just greed '' bullshit . 
   i know it 's blasphemy , but growth is no goal in itself either . 
  not if it leads to the destruction of the basis of the whole economy . 
  which it does . 
  so growth of the economy leads to a destruction of the economy ? 
  have you ever even heard the term sustainable development ? 
   the whole ecology is going down the drain and the ruling economic forces keep playing pretend until it becomes just too obvious . 
  at which point the usual socialization of losses happens . 
  just like in switzerland , right ? 
   everything done bad in the name of neoliberalism and free market can not be liberalism because no true liberal would ... while of course everyone done in the name of socialism and communism is of course an inevitable result of those ( =  ideology ) . 
  that retarded and you know it . 
  if some american takes a dump in the gulf of mexico or tried to ban gay marriage in the name of free enterprise , then you 're the stupid one for believing in it . 
  as for the socialism and communism , all the measures they tried to implement according to their ideology failed . 
  i 'm not one of those that go `` oh , hitler was a national socialist , see what socialism does ? 
  '' , but when you talk about actual measures that actual socialists want to implement such as economic interventionism , a large public sector , business regulation and central planning , these have ** always ** failed to produce the results their creators intended . 
   which leads to oligarchy , corporatocracy and kleptocracy again , just like in switzerland , no ? 
  how can a state provide for those special interests if it ca n't because it 's too small or because it 's too accountable for the people ( \u00e0 la switzerland ) ? 
   the general oppression of those doing the actual work , creating the actual value and those who are not needed by the system . 
  if it 's a free market , there 's nobody to oppress anybody , only those who want to work , work . 
  if you feel you 're being oppressed , then do n't work for that company , work for somebody else or start your own business . 
  again , in switzerland they seem quite not oppressed but whatever . 
   pure ideology and wishful thinking . 
  that 's confirmed by history . 
   again , ideological phrasing -- meant to transport a certain world view which though it sounds so awesome , in the end is just greed . 
  tell me a society that does n't run on greed . 
   the reason our economies can work at all is because the state provides infrastructure -- which costs . 
  you 're right , that 's why i 'm for a reduction of taxation and not the abolishment of taxation . 
   as such , reducing taxes is not noble . 
  it is if you 're promoting state efficiency and economical growth . 
   an anarchy e.g. 
  would have no taxes . 
  but i 'm not for anarchy , i 'm for minimal state intervention in the economy . 
  you need to pay taxes to pay the police and the judges and the construction workers building new roads , you do n't need to pay taxes to pay for benefits , subsidies and tariffs . 
   you are arguing for a dream world . 
  no i 'm not . 
   full true scotsman . 
  do you even know what that means ? 
  where did i went `` well , no true scotsman '' ? 
   if it 's bad , it ca n't be free market , no matter how much people have claimed it is and phrophesized the exact opposite outcome . 
  but it is n't , i gave you a concrete example , externalities or theft are n't a free-market , sure , it 's individuals pursuing their interests but they 're doing it at the expense of others , that 's not a free market . 
  here 's [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_market ) on the subject . 
  `` a free market contrasts with a controlled market or regulated market , in which government policy intervenes in the setting of prices . '',
