   if you mean that by making his income taxes public he could be helping someone investigate this further and try to prove he is corrupt , so it is indicative that maybe he is n't . 
  then it 's a question that makes sense . 
  yes , that was my point , he ca n't be guilty of those accusations , if he was he 'd have to be pretty damn irrational to be acting the way he is now . 
  let 's see how long it will take you this time to delete the thread , u/fateswarm, 
  what about earning more as the leader of the opposition than as president ? 
  would he have made public his income taxes if he was indeed guilty of corruption ? 
   also remember that in the summer over here it can become 40-45c [ do n't go outside ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mmlbw5e.png ) . 
   you can use spanish embassies as an eu citizen , we can already use all other eu embassies . 
   this is the most relevant picture i have saved . 
  [ i have this picture of the nordics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vafzutf.jpg ) . 
   it 's like asking why portugal and spain are not one single country . 
  because we grew too strong while the spanish were still dealing with the moors ( and even after consolidating , they still had the basques and the catalans to deal with ) , because our monarchs did the best they could to keep allied with the english and the papacy , because our language started diverging from the spanish one and because we then managed to create a massive overseas empire which allowed for great wealth and power , we were no longer just a rectangle on the edge of the peninsula . 
   which is a good thing . 
  no more ad for those nuts . 
  i came to europe after listening to the final countdown . 
   well , the english were always big on the balance of power . 
  that did n't work out so well for the italians when the french came knocking . 
  same thing with us europeans and the russians . 
   the same goes for portugal how redundant is that ? 
  now that we 're both in the eu , is n't it all the same ? 
  there 's no picture of the defaced picture ? 
   there 's like a billion people there . 
  spain does n't have enough jobs as is . 
  his idea is absurd but that would n't necessarily cause unemployment as the extra people would also have extra income to spend and that would lead to the creation of new employment opportunities . 
  his idea is absurd simply because of the insane amount of people there are in latin america and how different things are there when compared with spain . 
  same thing with portugal and brazil , actually , though between our two countries it is very very simple to get citizenship , i think all i 'd need to become a brazilian citizen would be 1 year residence . 
  portugal , always the same , never change :p the worse thing about these maps is always the vomit-fest that was the holy roman empire . 
  i mean , [ this was them in 1241 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yhvpfap.png ) and [ this was them in 1542 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/z0fxzfj.png ) , what the fuck , why do the germans blob so badly ? 
   taken to it 's logical extreme , who can be relied on to provide reliable roads for everyone in the country at constant and regular prices everywhere ? 
  can a ` self-made ' magnate be trusted to do this ? 
  you 're comparing roads which are a public good ( as they 're very hard to charge - and even so , there 's highways with tolls and all that , so it 's not that far-fetched to have privately-owned roads ) with electric power which has none of those restraints and is often and without any issue held and developed privately . 
   as a dutchman ; poldering , for example , very rarely would a singular person decide `` hey , i will buy this lake , then i will get a shitload of mills , and then i 'll have a lot of land ! '', 
  - it was a matter of government and how they raised their revenues with taxes and money lenders . 
  ( though indeed the latter could well be private entrepeneurs . ), 
  if the society at large thinks they 're getting their money 's worth , fine , why should we oppose taxation for that ? 
  taxes are n't inherently evil , it 's them that support the police that keep us safe , the courts that handle defence , the military which protect us against foreign threats , the firemen that can save our lives and our assets against fire and not only , and many other things . . the issue is n't taxes , is where you spend those . 
  if you spend taxes to provide goods and services which for whatever reason ca n't be provided by the market , sure , you 'd be a fool not to . . but to subsidise every special interest group there is and use the taxpayers ' money on developing and providing solar power which the private sector already does without any kind of problem on its own , no , that 's ridiculous , that 's a waste . 
  it 's not right to take money away from people which might need it much more urgently and to use that money doing things the people themselves already do on their own and would do better if they had n't their money spent in their name on what the politicians choose . 
  frisiandude , if you have some time and do n't bother doing some reading , [ read this please ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#taxes ) , bastiat wrote those over 150 years ago but what he discusses is still very much actual :p, 
   i disagree with the idea that you 're making it seem unethical to tax for the betterment of the country/the world at large . 
  and i disagree with the idea of being kind with other people 's money . 
  you know , letting people keep their own money is also for the betterment of the country/the world at large , in both situations you improve the life of somebody , the problem with subsidies is that it 's done at the expense of somebody else . 
   some things , imo , ca n't be done without it being a province-wide ( or larger ) effort . 
  name me one major development that came through with government planning . 
  from the lightbulb to the automobile to the personal computer to [ solar power itself ] ( http://exploringgreentechnology.com/solar-energy/history-of-solar-energy/ ) , all that came from individuals pursuing their separate self-interest with the means they had at their disposal . 
  looking at the record of history , if you want to promote development , you should do the exact opposite of subsidising , you should do everything to increase the living standard of everybody by letting them choose for themselves where they should and should not spend their own money . 
  you trying to do go with the money of the people at large such sounds like a good idea if you ignore the costs but people are n't children and they know what 's best for themselves better than you do , give them the means to organise and improve their lives as they see fit , do n't take away their money and choose `` oh , now we will subsidy this and that and the taxpayers be damned , they might think they 're not getting their money 's worth but they do n't know what 's best for them '' , which is in essence what 's being gone . 
   i think i agree with your final point , though , ` by not subsidising etc ' but i 'm not entirely sure if i understand it . 
  the idea i 'm criticising is we having an enlightened bunch who know what 's best for society than society itself . 
  give people the means to improve their own lives , if they want to spend their money on solar power , they 'll do that on their own account and they 'll do that much easier if you do n't take away their money and spend it to subsidise whatever . 
   most people simply do n't think of it , even though it would probably be in the best interests . 
  you do n't get to choose that , who are you to say `` no , you 're not allowed to spend those 100 $ on whatever you want , i 'll choose for you and invest it all in solar power '' ? 
   they 'll have more money to spend personally , sure , a little bit , but nothing or only a fraction of that would go to the research , surely ? 
  what about it ? 
  are you telling me that it 's best for society if it 's politicians instead of the actual people who earn the money the ones who know best where to spend it ? 
  have n't we learned anything from history with regards to central planning ? 
   president fran\u00e7ois hollande dug in his heels against david cameron 's drive to slash the eu budget in brussels on thursday , staying away from a meeting with the prime minister and chancellor angela merkel aimed at forging a compromise . 
  and he still has the nerve to bitch about the uk 's position . 
  what a fucking moron . 
   in which case , maybe what you want is to subsidize research in solar power , not the production and installation of shitty inefficient solar panels . 
  even that would be best achieved by lowering taxes and letting people and companies invest in the research on their own account with the extra income they 'll then have . 
   if the private sector thinks it 's meaningless as well , what other incentive should they be offered ? 
  other than lowering taxes and other than what u/radaway mentioned of taxing power sources according to the pollution they emit , imo none whatsoever . 
  in a perfect world we 'd be able to have the best of both however in reality we must make choices , we either tax money away from the people and spend it on solar power or we leave the money be with the people and them will decide for themselves on how they should spend it . 
  sure , it 's good to have plenty of solar power , but it should n't be up to anyone to decide to spend other people 's money like that , it 's certainly a worse alternative than letting people keep their own money , with the extra income they 'll have then they 'll be able to buy themselves solar panels or invest in a company researching and developing new alternatives to solar power . . or they can spend their money on something entirely different such as in a better housing conditions for them , better education for their children , a better car for whatever - regardless of what they choose , it will be their choice and they 'll be the ones responsible for it . 
  by not subsidising solar power and letting people keep their money , you 'll do much more to provide an economic boost and promote employment than you ever would by subsiding it . 
  subsiding is basically everybody paying for something , every taxpayers loses a bit and the special interest benefits a lot , though on the grand scheme of things we 'd be better off if everybody had higher purchasing power . 
  thank you koleye !, 
  oh , you 're spending money on us without we asking for it , with all that philanthropy , i wonder why people elsewhere in the world do n't cheer for the us . 
  you 're just misunderstood , besides , what does the rest of the world know about themselves ? 
   so we have the barren wasteland of alentejo for it . 
  [ we 've already done it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moura_photovoltaic_power_station ) . 
  it costed over 250 million euros , so that 's about 50 $ per person working . 
  i really hope what we 're going through was worth that and everything else . 
   anyone know what the main inconveniences are ? 
  the millions of euros that would cost to pay for that and the returns which would be meaningless compared to the energy sources we already have and our current power consumption . 
  other than that , energy is good , we 'll invest in it indirectly by lowering taxes so that the private sector can fund it on its own . 
   if the eu subsidized these ( ... ) it would solve several problems if you 're willing to pay for those subsidies , fine , if not then forget it , we do n't need any of that government spending . 
  as of now , we 'd benefit much more from lower debt and lower taxes . 
   since when do you talk for most portuguese , your just a american libertarian wannabe , so please do n't think even a small percentage of your country supports you , must less the eu . 
  which is unfortunate , no wonder the eu and specially portugal are going through difficult times , we constantly get in more and more problems from our government and your solution is even more taxes and subsidies and spending and regulations , feel free to keep at it , please do continuing voting ps/d as i 'll probably move abroad , pay no taxes to fund the mess the policies you support got us into and live an happy life myself . 
   but if the british want to get rid of cap subsidies - then they will have to bring something big on the table . 
  and that would be regulation of the financial sector in the european union . 
  they do n't have much more to bargain with . 
  why should they sacrifice something good and so important to them just to do the right thing ? 
  we 'd all benefit from less government involvement in both agriculture and the financial sector , just because france has a big group lobbying for agriculture it does n't mean the uk should sacrifice the city . 
   i like you . 
  i also like you x ) i still did n't forget that one time a long time ago when we were having a very strong discussion while basically saying the same thing and someone came along and said we were furiously agreeing with each other :p, 
   but we have no need their for their excess corn ... after buying it to their loss , let 's ship it to guatemala to ease the hunger caused by us corn policies : as biofuel demand grows , so do guatemala 's hunger pangs that 's an alternative , though i do n't know who will be willing to give guatemala food , we already have massive cap surpluses which go to waste . . 
  still , all the more reason to stop with the squandering of money on special interest groups . 
   new immigrants should be screened for religious views . 
  would n't that be discrimination based on religious orientation ( as banned by our own constitution ) ? 
   europeans increasingly want stronger eu-wide cooperation to tackle the financial crisis i wonder how you get from `` more eu-wide cooperation to tackle the financial crisis '' to `` hurr durr , let 's regulate everything '' . 
   it 's shit like this ~ ~ eu ~ ~ ** france ** ... [ ftfy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5acmeb.jpg ) . 
   though many children were sexually abused . 
  eww , gross , i think we could do without any of that . 
  call me crazy but i think no massive military killing muslims just cause and no public tv station with child abuse scandals would be best - if the taxes you raise are more than enough to cover the expenses , there 's no need to spend it on any of this kind of nonsense , please do give it back to the taxpayers , please !, 
   but apparently that is not what most europeans want says who ? 
   you do n't want regulation - ok - there is the door - get out have fun . 
  portugal joined the eu in 1986 , austria in 1995 - if anything we have more right to be in than you .
