  reddit is also fairly american and fairly socially awkward . 
   reddit is fairly left wing well , i 'm not , but i still fail to see the point of this . 
   most of the british people you talk to online will be vaguely pro-europe . 
  some portuguese want to see more budget cuts and some others want to stop austerity and ask for another bailout . 
  some irish are for abortion and some others are against abortion . 
  some brits vote tory and some others vote labour . 
  what about it ? 
  just because some people from a certain place hold different views about how things should be , should we stop discussing matters like portuguese fiscal policy , the irish abortion debate or the british-european relationship ? 
   not desperate . 
  just annoyed at how the game is played over here . 
  do n't blame the game , blame the player . 
   italy : if you 're a guy , you have to fake you 're totally , desperately in love even just to ask her out , before you actually know her and even if all you want is a fuck ; even if you 're much more handsome than she is beautiful ; and even if she is the one hitting on you all the time . 
  if you 're a woman , you have to say `` no '' at least two or three times before saying yes to going out the first time , even if you drool over him and even if you 're the one hitting on him . 
  in other words , it sucks . 
  if you look desperate then it 's your fault , do n't blame it on them . 
  if `` all you want is a fuck '' then it 's the same everywhere , buy some drinks and get wasted with her . 
  oh , they 're so crazy and yet so sweet xd, 
   but you really have to invest some effort to understand what makes it unique , and you have to do that if you ever want to get integrated . 
  and it 's normal that it takes decades for people to get it , honestly . 
  austria is a very old country , after all . 
  the habsburgs are gone , stop acting all mysterious , little germany . 
  suddenly switzerland feels a lot less appealing . 
   i gave him a special troll tag so i know to wish * harm upon his anus * every time i see it . 
  looks like someone is * butthurt * . 
   sorry but i 'm not an arab ; _ ; \u00bf pero hablas espa\u00f1ol ? 
   it 's my understanding that we joined just so that our goods were n't priced out of the market and made us uncompetitive in europe . 
    we did n't join out of a sense of european unity or identity , only to ensure our economy could be maintained . 
  in exchange for this privilege we had to surrender part of our sovereignty and pay a fee . 
  we portuguese joined you on efta . 
  though we left it and joined the nowadays eu out of a sense that more could be achieved if we worked together on a wider array of issues . 
  you british did the same . 
  if you 're having second thoughts and regrets , fine , but you ca n't claim ignorance , you ca n't say the free-trade union was hijacked and that the rest of europe is pushing you down a path of ever increasing integration against your will , so far your representatives have always agreed on the british membership of the eu , never during the process were the british forced in . 
   so it is no surprise the public holds no love for europe , we joined the union under economic threat . 
  if i am wrong please explain . 
  if the benefits outweigh the costs then remain in the eu , if not then you 're free to leave the union . 
  the uk ( and everybody else ) wants what 's best for its own people , and since you 're in you do can try to steer the eu so that it works more to your benefit , however you ca n't say you 're under economic threat or that the eu ought to only give you the benefits of being in the single market and exempt you from the costs of participating in such an agreement . 
  norway , iceland , switzerland , ukraine , turkey and morocco are all examples of countries close to the eu that yet are n't a part of the union . 
  they never joined and they 're not under economic threat . 
  they lose out on ( some of ) the benefits on the single market but they also do n't have to pay for ( some of ) the costs associated with it . 
  the uk is free to choose what kind of relationship it wants with the rest of the eu provided that the rest of the member-states agree to it . 
  so please do n't act as if brussels was acting against your interests and that there 's nothing you can do about it . 
   it 's an intellectually dishonest view that we can simply leave at any time , or that we have no ties keeping us in . 
  you do can leave though . 
  if you choose to remain in then do n't act like we 're forcing you into this union or that we 're keeping you down . 
   funny how ` showing commitment ' means ` going 100 % with the group , with no dissent ' to you . 
  it does n't mean that , it means to work with the group and it means not trying to undermine the project you 're a part of . 
   no other countries gets this flak . 
  no other countries constantly threat to leave the union . 
  no other countries constantly claim that eu is illegitimate . 
  no other country alienates itself so much from the rest . 
   we are far from the only country that complains or tries to bend things towards their own benefit . 
  hell , look at france and their cap . 
  true that . 
  unfortunately . 
   you do n't see a single fucking comment in this subreddit saying how ( to continue this example ) france ` needs to commit ' or ` need to decide if they 're in or out ' whenever they push for their own thing . 
  because they do n't constantly threaten to leave the union . 
  just because they 're steering it in the wrong direction ( and they are , to continue your example , cap needs to go or be radically reformed ) that does n't mean they 're acting against the eu , they 're simply trying to get the most out of it ( which is reasonable enough , though yet again , you 're absolutely right that protectionism and government subsidies be it on farming or on whatever are inefficient , unsustainable and harmful for the union ) . 
  while france does n't need to be more committed to the eu , they do need to change its policies . 
  the uk , imo , needs to do the exact opposite , keep its policies but work to see them implemented eu-wide , to actually show some commitment instead of opting out on everything and badmouthing the eu whenever they get a chance . 
   but the moment britain does anything , hold the phone !, 
  stop the presses !, 
  the brits are out of control and are going to have a rude awakening !, 
  bah , it 's not like that , it 's your animosity that breeds animosity . 
   yeah , i guess i should tone it down a bit ... we 'll see . 
  on the one hand , you 're right , he should n't have said that , but on the other hand , if the uk is simply not interested in being part of the eu and often tries to undermine it from within . 
  why should the eu even try to cater to the uk ? 
  why do n't you just leave and get this over with ? 
  nobody 's forcing you in , either show some commitment or get out as the current situation is unsustainable , the rest of the eu is getting fed up with the uk 's attitude . 
   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nqcl0mjmjw i do admit that you 're funny but do take my comment seriously . 
  you 're not funny like joseantoniosaraiva though i 'd still hate it if you got banned . 
   i am talking about quality of conversation here , and both trolling and extremism derail conversations . 
  they do , but what can you do ? 
   anyway i asked her for a packet of cigarettes , and do you know what she said ? , she said that 'll be # 8.15 i hope you reported this to the police because you 've been robbed . 
   well , if we 'll have people from / r/niggers and / r/whiterights come here , downvoting content wo n't really work , as racist comments/content will be upvoted to the top , therefore people who 'll come here think that this subreddit is welcome to racists , when we should n't be . 
  and we have annoying r/atheists that come here as if christians were out to bring back the inquisition , we have annoying americans from r/politics that think the debate should be democrats vs republicans , dudes from r/unitedkingdom that act as if the eu was out to take a dump on them and then flush britain down the atlantic , catalans who only post about how they 're being oppressed by madrid , people from the balkans talking shit about each other and about turkey , turks who demand more respect , yada yada yada . . a lot of people have their own agenda yet the community is bigger than all of this , it 's up for us all to upvote or downvote the content . 
  to ask for the mods to decide for us what we should and should not be allowed to view is to bring censorship to this reddit . 
  i am strongly opposed to this , i do n't trust the mods , certainly not more than i trust myself , and i really do n't want anyone deleting posts because they deemed them improper . 
  people from r/niggers or r/whiterights or r/srs or / subredditdrama can go fuck themselves , this is r/europe and it wo n't be because there are assholes on the internet that we should compromise the content of this subreddit . 
  damn it tugasnake , stop daring people to ban you otherwise you might actually get banned . 
  i find the reactions of the community to your posts too funny to want to see you banned . 
  do n't end up like joseantoniosaraiva or txampion , please . 
  take it down a notch , will you ? 
   the guy whose comment you are talking about is posting brevik and hitler photos . 
  i find it difficult to have a ` talk ' with such chaps . 
  i mean , i do not respect osama bin laden 's viewpoint one bit , so why should i respect that of brevik fanboys ? 
  tugasnake does have some questionable views but he 's no breivik fanboy , he does post pics of his and hitler and so on because people like you get mad . 
  and , truth be told , it 's quite funny to watch from the outside , you 're literally getting `` surprised by bigotry '' even though it 's plain obvious that he 's just posting some shit just to watch people rage . 
   i was talking about removing racist and xenophobic comments , not banning them from / r/europe . 
  then downvote them and move on , it 's easier for us user , it 's not a burden for the mod team and there 's no censorship of content . 
  if we ca n't deal with that content ourselves and if we get offended by it then reddit clearly is n't the place for us . 
  if we 're mature enough and realise that it 's only nonsense someone posted on the internet then we wo n't bother too much and that will be it . 
  i certainly would n't welcome anyone deciding for me what i should and should not be allowed to view . 
   that would be quite ridiculous . 
  yeah , well , it 's been done before here on r/europe itself , people have been banned for making such comments and for less as well . 
  so no , i do n't support anything that implies a more active mod team , those arrows next to all the comments are all we need , we can all moderate ourselves without needing people removing posts deemed inappropriate by their standards . 
   moderation ! = banning people from / r/europe . 
  i think you 've different opinion on what moderation really is . 
  moderation we already have , banning people we already have too much . 
  oh , and this all started with [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/15ipws/indian_student_brutally_attacked_in_germany/c7mu28c ) which i replied to mockingly , going against a proposal of banning tugasnake , so do n't act like this is anything other than talking about banning people . 
   this sub is almost unmoderated .
