  that might be taking it a bit too far . 
   yes you 'd have an increase in unemployment , as cap provides a reasonable living for farmers . 
  at the expense of everybody else as the money as to come from taxes that increase overall unemployment and reduce the life quality for the taxpayers . 
   if that were to go , farmers would n't be able to make a profit , therefore leaving the farming business . 
  if they 're not efficient in the first place and need subsidies to make a profit , then they should go , they 'll be less of a burden on the rest of society . 
  they do n't need to be shielded at the expense of society . 
  see [ candlemakers ' petition ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/candlemakers%27_petition ) . 
   result would be an increase in unemployment . 
  you fail to realize that the money that funds cap comes from taxes that themselves increase unemployment , increase the cost of living and create deadweight loss . 
  there 's a massive opportunity cost which you 're outright ignoring . 
   you know , that 's not a rebuttal . 
  it is n't a rebuttal but you also failed to make an argument . 
  ending cap would not lead to an increase in unemployment nor would it increase food prices to unacceptable levels , what you have right now is a burden on the taxpayers that goes to waste . 
   without cap , food prices would soar , and there 'd be more unemployed people . 
  no and no . 
  triggered, 
   then why not just use spanish [ '' \u00bf porqu\u00e9 no te callas ? 
  '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luzxlxkbaxm ), 
  interlingua es communication sin frontieras . 
  wow , i got all of that without any problem . 
  yup , it 's indeed incredibly similar to portuguese . 
   welcome to the website of the world interlingua union ( umi ) , established in 1955 to spread the auxiliary international language interlingua . 
  umi has members and representatives in five continents . 
  interlingua is communication without borders . 
  it 's also a bit like english . 
   i doubt esperanto is as rich a language as english . 
  english is actually a quite poor language to be honest . 
  in portuguese , for example , the meaning can be very different simply because an adjective is before or after a noun , like `` um rapaz rico '' which means `` a rich kid '' or `` um rico rapaz '' which means `` a good kid '' whereas in english me saying `` a rich kid '' or `` a kid rich '' does n't confer different meanings to the same words . 
  do you even indo-european ? 
   no , you just got downvoted for being an asshole . 
  angry feminist detected . 
   can somebody explain to me in few , simple words why it 's bad that germany has a trade surplus ? 
  it 's only bad for those who ca n't compete with your products , do n't bother , it 's their fault , german companies and consumers all over the world benefit from your products . 
   looks like the nany-states are doing better than the `` free market '' huh ? 
  america is a free market now ? 
  lolololololol  that 's the society the 1 % ( job creators :d ) imposes on everyone else . 
  r/ows is that way = =   hurray for wild , unregulated capitalism and the free market ; also known as `` the solution to all problems '' by at least half of americans . 
  r/politics called , they said they wanted their circlejerk back . 
  really , r/europe ? 
  what 's next , a map by average thetan level ? 
  lol , it seems feminazis.org got knowledge of our posts xd, 
   one prominent french feminist group , `` osez le f\u00e9minisme ! '' ( which translates into `` dare to be feminist ! '' ) , urged twitter users to use the `` hashtag '' #cherecarlabruni , which means #dearcarlabruni , to respond to bruni-sarkozy 's statement . 
  `` explain to carla bruni why your generation needs feminism ! '' the group posted on the social networking site . 
   ` i need feminism ! ' some women respond [ that and to not walk around showing your fat tits on tv , attention whore ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rtj6o.jpg ) . 
   one of the most retweeted messages concerning bruni-sarkozy 's remarks came from a member of `` osez le f\u00e9minisme ! '' by the twitter account name of @claires_c . 
  `` 75,000 adult women raped in france per year is enough to convince me that my generation needs feminism , '' she wrote . 
  now they might have a point , who 'd want to fuck an annoying bitch who cries discrimination at the slightest thing ? 
   in athens there are many places where we ca n't breath outside from the heavy use of fireplaces . 
  burned wood particles are visible in the air . 
  it is sad . 
  [ is it sad ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajgjdoxonm8 ), 
  at least get your jajajajaja straight . 
   it 's also cold , temperatures in the north will reach 12\u00bac . 
  the south will have temperatures of 16\u00bac . 
  you northerns ( europeans northerns , just for clarity ) may be laughing but it is cold for us , not kidding . 
  i fucking had 2\u00bac this morning !, 
  i froze while waiting for the bus !, 
   russian elites did n't want it . 
  elites ? 
  jrohila , is this you ? 
  if it 's a social behaviour like a dinner , fine , a soda is good and a beer is fine too  but if you want to party , if you really want a nice time , if you 're with friends and want to have a blast , you 'll need something stronger =d, 
  beer is also good if you want to piss and have bad taste in your mouth :p [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vy6yf.jpg ) , you tell me this is n't more fun xd, 
   regular slaughter is still legal . 
  they may take our lives but they 'll never take our ~ ~ bacon ~ ~ leit\u00c3o !!!, 
   isnt something like half their income allready coming from the cap ? 
  they still have to work for the other half . 
   the thirsty look of the guy next to him it ca n't be a look of thirst , booze may be great for some things but it does n't quench thirst . 
  honest question - why did people ever hate so much on the jews in the first place ? 
  there were always people of minority religions and cultures , why were the jews hated so much when compared to other groups till 1945 ? 
   i live in switzerland and the school system is so much better than in portugal . 
  i have some colleagues which were born and went to school ( some all the way till the 5th grade ) in switzerland and are now here and they tell me that the portuguese system is better in that it gives everyone a chance whereas in switzerland there 's no chance for less than bright people to continue their studies as the fees get immense . 
  what 's your take in this ? 
   in portugal most students only want to go to the university and live off their parents until their late 20ies while taking a bullshit course ( mostly courses that lack mathematics , that 's why we have tons of lawyers and other graduates that end up washing dishes at a restaurant ) in order to be called `` senhor doutor '' . 
  yup , most people here are like that , but do n't be like that as not everybody can stomach math , i know from personal experience that [ it can be a real fucking pain ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4mfog.png ) . 
   i wish they would change the system in portugal , it either creates idiots with a diploma that end up jobless or unqualified workers . 
  is n't there some merit in at least trying to give everybody the same opportunities ? 
  should n't we at least give people , regardless of their backgrounds , the chance of doing something better than what their parents did ? 
  should we really abolish our system because there are always those who leech it and spend years in it without learning anything worthwhile ? 
   but in the bad times when everyone , not just the government , is indebted and you 're in a vicious circle this is exactly what you need . 
  a devaluation exactly what we need ? 
  that would be much harsher than what we currently have !, 
  what we need is either to reduce public spending and to grow the economy - a more attractive business environment and a government without chronic deficits . 
  all other alternatives either further the initial problem ( `` we should increase spending to kick-start the economy '' ) or compromise the eu integrity ( `` the wealthier countries should pay for the mistakes of others '' ) - sure , not all government spending is bad and not all eu funds compromise the stability of the union , but we ca n't expect for our problems to be solved by others , most of the work will have to come for us , it all comes back to addressing the problem of our state spending much more than what it can get through revenues . 
   it 's only counter-productive if there 's a good chance that europe will move forward any time soon ( and soon is quite important here ) . 
  we must consider that may not be the case and get ready . 
  discussing the pros and cons honestly is a good start . 
  europe will certainly not get stuck in time . 
  we 're also part of europe , and while we 're in and are the ones experiencing problems , we ca n't blame others for what 's happening to us . 
  get in their position , would you bail anyone out without the proper guarantees first ? 
  what would be the point then , if the countries could then just get into massive debt again ? 
  we first must reform , while we do n't ensure others that we wo n't just continue to delay our problems like we 've been doing so far , we ca n't honestly expect support . 
  do n't say that about our hermanos , we should only despise them when it 's portugal vs spain , if we are n't competing against each other , they 're what most resembles home . 
   i 'm just saying that they are not that good looking . 
  true that , but westyfield was a bit silly , i know people will laugh when they read this but i think names matter , an eurovision song contest should be about the music and not about the looks . 
   namely the swaths of unemployed people we have right now might disagree with you . 
  the unemployed are caused by a negative environment for the economy to grow , not because the currency here is the same it is in france or finland . 
   except that thanks to the euro we do n't produce much these days as it 's much cheaper to produce elsewhere . 
  it 's also a lot easier to import , namely goods that we could n't afford and totally ruined our balance of trade . 
  our balance of trade has been negative for decades , only now it 's showing signs of recovery .
