  and by then people will still try to smuggle them in from abroad . 
  which is to be expected , people will always try to get the items they want as cheaply as they can . 
   who gets rich off of porn being blocked ? 
  those who produce and distribute it illegally and those who try to crack down on it do benefit . 
  it 's quite the same with drug and alcohol prohibition , drug cartels and law enforcement agencies benefit at the expense of everybody else . 
   like i choose when i finnish job/school like you choose the time zone and your job/school would n't then also change their schedules :p, 
   proof that there are time travelers on reddit after all !, 
  i 'm also a time traveller and i never stop going into the future , just so you know , i 've never been this old and i 'll never be this young . 
   i would kill for late sun in the winter wake up earlier , moving the clock one hour does n't actually make the sun stay up there longer . 
   inb4 : luxemburg missing :( the vatican is also missing . 
  i mean , it would be odd considering it 's surrounded by rome , but it could be a challenge . 
   the portuguese people , and in general latin , people i 've met are crazy and unpredictable , be it sober or drunk . 
  well , we 're even crazier and more unpredictable when drunk , 
   give a dane a beer and the right side of the brain overpowers the left , and that usually results in doing stuff that you 're too restrained to do when sober . 
  like flipping fusball tables to see if the glass breaks or not . 
  i know this from experience . 
  it 's like they 're completely different people when drunk . 
  it seems to me you 've only ever seen danes drunk . 
  that 's how everybody is , you silly . 
   this is scotland we 're talking about . 
  they will use literally any excuse to beat the shit out of each other . 
  u r 1 cheeky cunt m8, 
  nightlife seems perfectly fine around here , 
   i 'd rather temporarily suspend france from the eu , than suspend trade talks . 
  trade talks ? 
  do n't you mean protectionism talks ? 
  because you do n't need treaties and documents filled with regulations to engage in free trade - if you 're really committed in opening up international trade , you 'd just unilaterally remove trade restrictions . 
  damn u/wobblewagon , you 've really put some effort into explaining this . 
  i fully agree with you . 
   sorry if is a dumb question , but what do you mean by ` pegged to the euro ' ? 
  a fixed exchange rate . 
  [ european exchange rate mechanism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_exchange_rate_mechanism ), 
   my condolences . 
  they 've been pegged to the euro for years now , it will only make trade among the union easier . 
   maybe . 
  on the other hand op is as free as he can be to find ( new ) friends . 
  you 're always free to do that :p, 
   do n't you guys have a marked economy ? 
  if by market economy you mean a `` mixed economy '' ( as stated by our constitution ) where the government spends half of the gdp and over-regulates the rest , sure , we have that . 
   i do n't actually know anything about portugal ( except drugs are legal ) . 
  drugs are n't legal , they 're decriminalised . 
   also , there was an obvious and almost consensual alternative for finance minister , paulo macedo [ he refused ] ( http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/macedo-tera-recusado-substituir-gaspar_172447.html ) . 
   why hello there !, 
  ever heard of my country ? 
   oh look , a country with no statutory minimum wage , with a liberalised economy and with flexible labour laws . 
  nice to meet you , i 'm from portugal , we 're full socialist and hence have a shitty system going down the drain . 
  wan na pay our bills for us ? 
   why are you so angry ? 
  because my generation was left with a debt that ca n't be repaid when it was the previous generation that benefited from all the public spending . 
   you need an infrastructure separate from profit economies that provides public goods and necessities we need infrastructure ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  what , we need a third highway between porto and lisbon ? 
  or another airport in alentejo where there are no flights ? 
  or perhaps we need to overcome luxembourg and become the number 1 country in the oecd in kilometres of road per square kilometre ? 
  geez , i wonder , if 50 % of public spending is n't enough , will 75 % do ? 
  or perhaps we need to go full communism and have the state spending everything , no ? 
   for people first , not profit . 
  oh great , another demagogue who thinks that the economy is disconnected from the welfare of the people . 
   meanwhile , austerity means that public spending is being cut , not in order to afford tax cuts as you claim , but to pay back loans to international banks . 
  that tends to happen when you fail to be austere and rack up a massive debt . 
   so yes , the money is being removed from the economy , and transferred to banks abroad yeah , because people like goth would vote for more public spending and not vote for higher taxes and hence the debt is passed on to the future generations which now have to pay for it . 
   but the problem is that removing money from an already struggling economy only makes it constrict further , making more people unemployed and pushing down company profits it 's money that should n't have been spent in the first place , it 's the taxpayers who work and the state which spends their money for them , it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
   keynesian policy says the state should save money ( and pay back loans etc ) - when the economy is growing . 
  and our keynesian policy makers deficit spent when the economy was growing and that did n't achieve much and now that it 's contracting they can no longer continue doing that because of the already massive debt and constant credit restrictions . 
   to do so when the economy is already stagnating or even shrinking just means digging yourself even deeper into the hole . 
  you seem to think it would be possible to delay the austerity even further . 
  we 're already spending some ~ 5 % of gdp/year in interest rates for the public sector and the economy has been stagnant this past decade till it started crumbling down with the interest rates hikes . 
   all in all , goth made a reasonable point , and hurling insults was n't really the appropriate response . 
  if by reasonable you meant demagogic , sure . 
  and yes , it 's stupid to say that spending cuts remove money from the economy . 
   government spending as a function of gdp is a potentially misleading indicator because if you cut . gov spending by a billion , you reduce gdp by a billion plus something , depending on the multiplier/s of whatever spending you cut . 
  and if you reduce government spending by a billion , you cut taxes by a billion , hence the gdp remains the same as the resources never go unspent . 
   it 's remarkably that people think you can improve the gdp/debt ratio by taking measures that wreck gdp . 
  and it 's retarded that people think you can have an healthy economy where half the output is spent by the state . 
   of course it 's too low , if you want an economy you have to produce something . 
  you 're talking about percentages , not total output . 
   no , you just ca n't do math and figure out why so many companies are going bankrupt . 
  your `` logic '' : `` we must increase public spending '' =  `` oh , look , companies are going bankrupt because of the taxes we put on them to finance the public spending '' =  `` i 'm guessing we need more public spending ! '', 
   yeah , it 's not like privatization of essential services has never worked out more expensive or anything . 
  you 've spoken like someone who has never had to fill out a tax form . 
   so i am sure it is very dramatic . 
  but it wo n't change anything meaningfully pretty much , but still . .  the portuguese are n't going to leave the euro are they ? 
  and that 's the only real thing they can do which can make a difference . 
  what ? 
  so your suggestion is `` hey , there 's no need to cut public spending or to raise taxes , just inflate ? '', 
   and who the hell gutted industry and agriculture when we joined the eu ? 
  industry gutted ? 
  [ is 24 % too low for you ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/nv.ind.totl.zs ) ? 
  agriculture ? 
  [ that shit 's not even 2 % ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/nv.agr.totl.zs/countries ) !, 
   and how exactly are you planning on jobs appearing by removing money from the economy ? 
  so cutting public spending to cut taxes is removing money from the economy ? 
  are you really this stupid ? 
   how 's that working for large swaths of britain ? 
  how 's getting in more debt than we 're ever going to be able to pay working for every country including ours before there was a need to stop spending ? 
   i like paying my taxes to have cheaper services , thank you very much . 
  ahahahaha , oh , wow , what a joke , you do work for the public sector after all xdddd, 
   in all seriousness , does it matter ? 
  yes because our debt is higher than our gdp , our interest rates higher than the growth of our economy and this makes our interest rates for the public sector in the secondary market increase substantially . 
   you may as well keep the existing guy , his/her replacement will be no different .
