  when ? 
   you 're obviously caught up in some kind of delusional anti- ` communist ' fervour , where here the word communist is used to mean anything you disagree with . 
  not really , you were the one that commented on `` the ` law of the jungle ' style of governance is going the way of the dodo '' and i mentioned that was precisely the case with communism , which is based upon public ownership and strives for a moneyless society - which is exactly what you were arguing for in supporting this proposal and even going as far as saying that it 's `` primitive and degrading ( ... ) to charge people '' . 
   you would actually need to heavily regulate to make it into a functioning market , but that would be even more expensive than just letting local governments run the show . 
  how so ? 
  i 've never heard of a situation where goods and services were actually cheaper when provided by the government , just because it might be cheaper for the consumer it does n't mean it will be cheaper for society . 
   exactly . 
  railroad privatization has turned out to be a disaster everywhere it was tried . 
  quite the opposite , railroads were first privately owned and only then nationalised , they were much better managed and competitive back then till the state intervened and restricted the business . 
   in germany , they wanted to privatize railroad for the past 20 years and have n't been able to figure out a way to do it without destroying it . 
  you might be right but for the wrong reasons . 
  railroads today are much more unprofitable , specially in germany with the autobahn . 
   water is better run publicly . 
  how ? 
   run it by local governments . 
  if they fuck up , the mayor gets kicked out in the next elections and the local managers get heat from their neighbors . 
  oh , that does sound more appealing , here it is pretty much all done from some office in lisbon . 
  still , between having a limited choice with regards to the mayor or having a limited choice about the supplier , i still believe it would be best for each and every customer to choose for themselves . 
   the local water companies should be normal companies with public books , thy should just be owned by local governments . 
  that was n't the case here . 
   but you should also asking yourself this question . 
  i already did , i see no benefit with nationalisation and i see people more accountable in the private sector . 
   guys ... http://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette it 's alright , i find karma wholly irrelevant , i do n't think i should refrain from giving my honest opinion just because it 's somewhat controversial and unorthodox :p, 
   what is it then ? 
  a mirage . 
   you pretty much just described why europe is in trouble . 
  7 % of earths population , 50 % of the welfare spending . 
  the way you 're talking , it 's as if europe was not the best continent there is . 
  there might be problems but let 's get a sense of proportion here . 
   you really like throwing that word around , do n't you ? 
  hey , i 'm not the one who wants common ownership , and that 's textbook communism . 
   law of the jungle refers to an ` every man for himself ' mentality . 
  i 'd say our society is more like `` every person for its family '' but yeah , it 's about that . 
  what , you care more about me or op or some other stranger more than you care about yourself ? 
   water is essentially a monopoly as it is . 
  you 'll generally have one , maybe two if you 're lucky , providers in one area . 
  you 're right , though i wonder , how is the solution for a private monopoly a state monopoly ? 
  seems to me you 're not fixing anything at all !, 
   the idea behind managing it publicly is simply the next logical step in a long process stretching back for decades ( in the netherlands public water management dates back to the 13th century ) . 
  hey , if it works , i 'll have no problems with it , my issue is how people think it will somehow be done better if done by the government , that `` public = good , private = bad '' . 
   are you be opposed to government regulations on water quality ? 
  why should the government need to regulate water quality ? 
  the providers and the consumers already have all the incentives to have the best water quality possible , if the providers slack on this they 'll lose all consumers and will probably be criminally prosecuted in case somebody gets sick . 
  same thing with food actually , and you do n't see people getting food poisoning every time they go to the restaurant or buy food in the supermarket . 
   you might as well be . 
  if the government does n't have the right to ensure their citizens have untethered access to the most important substance on earth then why would they have the right to say it has to be filtered and treated ? 
  why are you putting words in my mouth , going full straw-man and talking as if i was some sort of bogeyman ? 
   it 's not about what 's ` the most cost effective ' . 
  eventually we 'll look back and realise how primitive and degrading it really is to charge people for it . 
  we should n't charge people for water ? 
  tell me , who will work for free then ? 
  where will you get the pipes and the engineers and all the rest of the infrastructure and manpower required for keeping a water company working come from ? 
   the market is highly opaque and physically restricted . 
  blame the government for restricting access and holding a monopoly there in the first place . 
  canalised water is just like the railroads , the only reason those are inefficient monopolies today was because the state stepped in , regulated everything and eventually nationalised . 
   it 's basically not possible to develop a real market , so there will not be any real competition ever , only an oligopoly , and hence there will be inflated prices and a decline in quality . 
  same thing if the state manages it , the only difference is that the costs are hidden for you , they 're paid also through taxes . 
   free markets are good and i am always defending them . 
  but before jumping on a privatization train , ask yourself if there is a chance for a free market to actually develop . 
  and before jumping on a nationalisation train , ask yourself if there is a chance that society will actually benefit from this . 
  because it seems to me a lot of people here are expect a free lunch by the government , that they wo n't all pay just the same or even more . 
   same goes for health care , no free market will ever work , because there is no transparency . 
  the us has the freest of all health care markets and prices usually above 250 % of the prices elsewhere . 
  i wonder how much of their taxes go to healthcare as opposed to ours . 
  though that 's an whole other discussion , i 'm never going to support the us 's stance towards healthcare because of how their government says they act in favour of a free market and competition but actually just helps the health providers that already exist against the customers and new competition , it 's basically a corporatism system , socialism upside down , the complete opposite of a free market . 
   who are you referring to ? 
  when he said `` humans can survive for a few days without water '' , as if we should nationalise something just because it is relatively more important , as if the state could manage it better than the private sector . 
   from what i understand in the past privatized water has meant higher prices without any investments in the essential infrastructure . 
  people and society should only invest in what 's worthwhile , what , you think it would be a good idea to invest in pipes everywhere even if people were n't using those ? 
  that the government should give away millions of euros of the taxpayers money to the benefit of the few like those who lobby the government and get to build that ? 
   the private owners would just seek rent for all the pipes and what not , that were already there and let maintenance slide . 
  and the taxpayers would get what they pay for , and they 'd be paying much less as the government would no longer need to levy taxes to pay for the people for infrastructure they do n't seem to need . 
   slowly degrading the network and in the end costing the people more than was ever made by selling the water company to private owners . 
  it 's not about the benefit of selling to the private owners , it 's about how these manage the system while paying much closer attention to the costs than the state ever does . 
  if the network degrades , the private sector will have to pay for it . 
  if it was the state , it may or may not degrade but it will surely be much more expensive as it 's indifferent for bureaucrat if he manages to cut costs or not , the taxpayers will pay for all his inefficiencies . 
   humans can survive for a few days without water . 
  it may feel like you ca n't live without internet , but it 's a different situation entirely . 
  i mentioned internet because a few days ago there were people here calling for the nationalisation of the web providers . 
  regardless of what you use your water for and how important it is , the way you talk it 's as if people would die of thirst if the water was privately-owned and we 'd all have plentiful if the state managed it instead - that 's absolute nonsense . 
   countries profit when they invest in their citizens ' welfare . 
  you 're right , and nationalising water would be to invest against the welfare of the citizens as the service is the same but it 's more costly and wasteful to manage it publicly . 
   the ` law of the jungle ' style of governance is going the way of the dodo , and rightfully so . 
  law of the jungle ? 
  as in everything belongs to everybody ? 
  thankfully it is becoming extinct , that 's precisely the reason why we should n't go back to the times of common ownership the communists tried so hard to make it work ( and failed so hard they 're still recovering even after all these years ) . 
   water is a natural monopoly . 
  some of the things you mentioned are n't . 
  think about that . 
  i do n't think that 's the case , some consumers have several providers ( like buying portuguese or spanish water if one leaves near the border ) and some even have their own source of water ( like wells ) . 
  also , there 's the distinction of canalised water and bottled water , they 're both water but i really do n't know if this proposal makes the distinction and only wants to nationalise the first one or if it wants to nationalise both . 
  regardless of water being a natural monopoly or not , the solution to that would be to impose a maximum price ( to make the cost for the consumer about the same as the cost for the producer ) , not to leave the monopoly to be held by the government and not by a private entity ( as if these would ever manage it better ) . 
  i mean , what the heck , it 's much more easy to complain with and get a good service even from a privately-owned monopolist than it is to get the same from a state-owned one . 
  nationalising water would do us no good . 
   i dunno , sometimes i wonder where all the old chinese people in portugal go to ... 
  i wonder why dogs tend to avoid them . 
   and with terminating nuclear power , and now no fracking , all the coal they 're going to have to burn instead is going to make global warming all that more pronounced . 
  are n't there economically viable clean sources of energy ? 
   supports free trade and progression of further globalization which is great but is in direct conflict with this :  supports agricultural subsidies because food security is important issue , links to national security , thus allied with france and other southern european countries if it secures protection of finnish farming that 's against free trade , in fact cap ( and cfp as well ) must be the most protectionist policies the eu has . 
   god , you 're probably studying politics too .
