  mind if i ask why the need for trade agreements ? 
  when the uk turned to free trade in the 1850s they did so unilaterally . 
  and prospered immensely . 
   so you advocate unilateral , restriction-free trade ? 
  i completely agree . 
  yup , though we 're obviously drifting in the opposite directing :\\, 
   you guys and the netherlands are the only guys who 've legalised pot . 
  we did n't legalise anything . 
  we 've decriminalised all drugs . 
   all domestic issues which can be worked on in eu-wide referendum votes . 
  as a strong supporter of a more direct democracy , i 'd love that , though as of now it does n't seem likely , which is unfortunate . 
   countries can leave if they desire , though only if they can support themselves ( of course ) . 
  yeah , i 'm not seeing france easily giving up on any of those things . 
   what trade barriers are you thinking of , specifically ? 
  quotas , tariffs , `` ftas '' and other restrictions . 
  for example , when i watched [ this video ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cyvnr/protecting_eu_industry_against_the_free_market/ ) , i felt sick , it was a complete disillusion . 
   every private station here is corrupted as fuck . 
  deal with your legal system then . 
   ert had actually the only legal tv station permission seems to me your licensing laws are too restrictive . 
   on the other hand , a healthy organization could still exist , without gaining a huge surplus . 
  yeah , it would still be wrong though . 
  plenty of greeks have it very difficult and for what , for a tv station that runs on their money ether they like it or not ? 
  that 's crazy !, 
   even capitalism to function has to have some rules yeah , the state should make the rules . 
  it should n't play the game . 
   no more spying . 
  fully agreed , us companies who gather data here and then hand it over to us authorities should be subjected to heavy fines . 
   no more dead-end wars in the middle east . 
  that 's a bit more difficult , we ca n't prevent the usa from engaging in silly wars , the most we can do is stay out of those . 
   no more war on drugs . 
  same thing , we ca n't impose our will on them , though we could stop allowing them to impose theirs on us . 
  and we 've been doing that . 
   no more nato . 
  we 'll need an eu military then . 
  i 'm sure some countries would rather opt out though i guess that 's fine , it would be their choice . 
   who will join me for this political movement ? 
  i do n't know how it will take form , whether in a slow rise or a sudden revolution . 
  but if you express your feelings on the matter , it 'll certainly help me gauge how people think across the continent . 
  we can unite as one . 
  err . . that 's a bit too much idealism imo . 
  the eu still has pretty stupid shit like its trade barriers , the strasbourg parliament , cap and cfp , among other things , so while issues like these are n't dealt with , it will be quite hard to support the eu . 
   every child in the eu should be taught esperanto ( or some other constructed language like ido or lojban ) i disagree , pretty much every child is already taught english . 
   we need at least one tv station that does n't show turkish shoap operas and show programs more related to culture here 's what you can do after the government privatises it : 1 ) as a costumer , send them mails suggesting them to do n't show turkish soap operas and tell them you 'd rather watch culturally relevant programs . 
  2 ) as a citizen , encourage your friends and family to do the same . 
  you can even create facebook groups and whatnot to make sure they keep their current programming and do n't turn into bad tv . 
  i 'm absolutely sure that , if done with enough people , they 'll listen and do just that . 
  after all , you wo n't be dealing with bureaucrats , they 'll do what they think will be most profitable and if they think that they 'll get a lot of viewers from that , they 'll certainly do what you want . 
  alternatively , try to buy some of it . 
  shares , bonds , anything . 
  the managers have to listen to their creditors . 
  if you get together with like-minded people , i 'm sure you can end up detaining a considerable part of their capital and therefore have an input over what airs on it . 
  see ? 
  you 'll keep the programming and all the greeks will be wealthier with the tv station privatised !, 
   there are public announcements the state could then tell private stations to broadcast those . 
  i 'm sure they 'd voluntarily comply . 
   some cultural stuff that do n't sell those could be subsidised though i 'm opposed to that , if there 's not a market for it then taxpayers ' money should n't be spent on it , there 's still plenty of people living in quite bad situations and taking away their money to give it to `` cultural stuff '' is outright wrong . 
  besides , if the people do want cultural programmes , they 'll watch those voluntarily and there wo n't be any such need to the government to spend money on those , let the people who want those things spend their own money and not the money of the neighbour . 
  anyway , no reason to have a state-owned tv station . 
   investigative journalism that ca n't be properly addressed with private corporations how so ? 
  the investigative journalism i see from state-owned businesses is even worse , sometimes it 's stating the obvious , sometimes it 's just propaganda . 
   but it sure beats having to bear with all those indebted private tv stations in greece that show soap operas and propaganda all day long . 
  hey , if you do n't want to bear with the greek private tv stations , fine , do n't watch them , it 's that simple . 
  the problem with the state-owned ones is that they 're run by the state and therefore involve taxpayers ' money . 
  so you can watch it a lot or not watch it at all and it 's costing you . 
  this ca n't be said about the private ones . 
   not with my tax euros . 
  saying to the state that you do n't want your tax money wasted is like telling a guy robbing you not to use the money on drugs . 
   if you care so much about overtaxed greek households , maybe you should push for some debt relief so that the greek government can actually lower the taxes for real ? 
  sorry , portugal is in no position to push for debt relief as we also asked for a bailout and are also performing reforms with the ec , ecb and imf . 
  besides , we all know what the debt relief in greece did to cyprus , we would n't want that on our conscience . 
  keep at it , though , i 'm sure that if you commit yourselves like we are committing ourselves , we 'll both one day be able to lower our taxes and recover from this . 
   ert operated with a surplus state capitalism never worked , it 's not the role of the state to manage a tv station and that surplus could have been much higher if it was a private tv station ( and the state income also higher due to the taxes it would receive from it ) . 
   i was just shocked by your arguments , they seemed to imply that there is no precedent for a publicly-run broadcaster . 
  there is plenty of precedent , just none that can be justifiable without having to resort to statism . 
   look , your perspective is that all human enterprise must be profit-driven , right ? 
  no , there 's plenty of human enterprises that should n't be profit-driven , you have courts , the police , firefighters , the food bank , homeless shelters , groups against addictions , among many examples that are not and should not be done for profit . 
  my perspective is that the state should do not what 's best for x or y but what 's best for society as a whole . 
  this means not taking money from all greeks to give it to a tv station they happen to run . 
   in cases like these people need to help each other because who knows if at some point down the line the same thing is n't going to happen to them ? 
  oh , i so wish they came for rtp as well . 
  it would only do the country good , to keep the state from spending so much so that businesses could finally prosper again . 
   every country on earth has publicly-run broadcasters and a lot of countries also have trade barriers . 
  and plenty of countries also have discriminatory laws against homosexuals . 
  just because a lot of people do it , it does n't make it good . 
   i guess you ca n't accept the fact that not every human enterprise can operate based on market discipline and competition . 
  what exactly is your argument for a state-run tv station ? 
  what makes them preferable to a private one ? 
  should n't greece try to minimise its state expenditures and allow its citizens to keep more of their money ? 
   greece is n't bloody zambia , it 's another european state . 
  and zambia did n't ask europe for a bailout nor did it agree to undergo a structural reform plan to keep state expenditures under control . 
   ert is not paid by the central government budget ; there is a license fee that people pay , which is about 3 euros per month . 
  those 3 $ do n't fall from heaven , they come out of the pocket of every taxpayer . 
  so this is a good thing , it 's more money for the people of greece and less to be wasted on a tv station that paid high wages to his executives and had a bloated staff . 
   the company has been in surplus for the past 2 years too , so , if anything , it is contributing to the government budget with what 's left from those 3 euros people pay . 
  a state-company in surplus does n't justify it , the goal of the state is n't to turn a profit but to keep the country running . 
  state-capitalism has never worked , here in portugal we also have state-owned and private-owned tv stations and the state-owned keep on presenting losses while the private ones do the exact same service and yet have good results and do n't require taxpayers ' money . 
  besides , there are already plenty of tv stations in greece , and ert can remain in business if it gets privatised , you know , the know-how and the studios wo n't go up in flames . 
  even the state can keep part of its revenue as it will pay taxes . 
   if your argument is that the idea of public broadcasting is not worth 3 euros per month per household , that 's a different discussion . 
  privatise and then instead of it being mandatory , it will be optional .
