  with the current missions in afghanistan , turkey and near somalia , i do not see how the eu has enough money or troops for this operation . 
  there 's always money for bombs . 
   no we use those people to do cheap construction work or something , hey , it 's not like they 're doing much now anyway !, 
  i dunno about you , but getting [ these people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hl2ty.jpg ) into our countries does n't sound like a good idea to me . 
   our money is pretty stinky , especially fresh banknotes . 
  i ca n't really describe the smell though . 
  do you think it could be traces of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ard7.jpg ) ? 
   if we pool our resource we could easily afford a carrier group or two spain has two aircraft carriers . 
  i 'm sure the whole eu , being a larger economy than the usa , could afford more carriers than they do . 
   we 'd have to spend a larger share of our gdp to match the us , but that much is n't necessary for our goals . 
  agreed . 
  we do n't need to compete with them militarily , even though we could save a lot of money by unifying our armed forces . 
   be lucky all your banknotes are n't green , all the same size and ** smell funny ** . 
  what do you mean ? 
  * checks wallet * i have 5.95 $ in coins . 
  that 's close enough , i guess . 
   yes but only if they let us colonize them . 
  why would you want all that sand and the people living in it ? 
   if you fail to see how a safe haven for international jihadists near the mediterranean then i guess this debate is pointless . 
  yeah , let 's just bomb azawad till there 's nothing there and the international jihadists will be dealt with . 
  in fact , i wonder why we have n't done that already , if we just bomb and kill the terrorists , we 'll then live peacefully ever after , right ? 
   it wo n't cost portugal a thing either way , france will foot the vast majority of the bill and a few other eu nations will send a token contribution . 
  we 're both in the eu so it does have its repercussions here . 
  personally i 'd rather have france not spend millions in some ( yet another ) useless war in africa and rather focused on minimising the losses that the current idiot in office is making , but that 's just me , what do i know about the french economy and its unsustainable public spending ? 
   you 're happy with the fact that the european court of auditors -- the eu 's auditors -- refused to sign off on how brussels ' budget was spent for 17 years in a row ? 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   you say you do n't blindly accept but the fact remains that we all have whilst the eu budget gets higher and higher - even in times of austerity . 
  i agree with you , we should n't be increasing spending now . 
   just remember that when the uk joined it was n't the eu , just the eec , which was basically a customs union yes . 
   no one knew what direction it was going to take what ? 
  the british people joined the eec in 1973 and two years later even decided with a clear majority on referendum to remain in it . 
  the eec itself was established with the treaty of rome , the direction the eec was going to take could n't be clearer , it 's in the very first line , '' [ an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe ] ( http://www.google.pt/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0cdcqfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fec.europa.eu%2feconomy_finance%2femu_history%2fdocuments%2ftreaties%2frometreaty2.pdf&amp;ei=vs7uul_9b9sahqeypyh4bw&amp;usg=afqjcnfl3tewsesi32vjcye7u31btqt7pa&amp;bvm=bv.1357700187,d.zg4 ) '' . 
   it 's not just the uk who gets exemptions and does n't want the euro sure , you 're absolutely right . 
  it 's the same with every governing body , though , just like there are countries which do n't agree with what 's decided in brussels , there are regions in the uk that do n't agree to what 's decided in westminster . 
  i personally do n't think this is reason enough for the uk to leave the eu or for some part of the uk to leave the union as in both cases , there 's still democratic representation , but then again , it 's not up to me to decide anything , if the uk does decide to leave the eu or if some part of the uk decides to secede , that 's up to them , i guess . 
   there 's no simple list which shows what countries are exempt from the various rules and regulations that the eu passes , but suffice to say that if there was such a list there it would n't be just the uk on it . 
  again , you 're absolutely right , but the point i 'm trying to make is that the eu 's interests are the interests of all of us - the uk is also part of the eu , the uk also benefits from the eu . 
  why should we ? 
  it would be very costly and we would n't benefit from any such thing . 
  hey people , there 's none of this nonsense in portugal . 
  you can visit us whenever and you 'll always be well treated . 
  at least they 're not promoting left-wing/central-planning ideologies . 
   he shall return in the form of a spirit and haunt everyone who writes according to the recent ortographic ` make-over ' . 
   and immature people laughing not that subtly whenever a swear word pops up is always a funny sight . 
  or when the hooker pops up . 
  it 's not really a great book to teach to a class of 14 year olds is it ? 
  bah , everybody needs to grow up sometime , i figure that 9th grade ( it was in the 9th , was n't it ) is just as a good year as any other x ), 
  did you not notice the image i posted with the guy from pce ? 
   my favourite was gil vicente . 
  technicly plays , but damn that was fun !, 
  but it was so long ago i do n't even remember when it was i had to read it . 
  oh , that 's right , i remember auto da barca do inferno !, 
  yeah , that was fun !, 
  i still do n't know how that 's part of the national program though , we were reading on medieval era religious fundamentalism and anti-semitism , not that i 'm against it , it is a great reading and it 's part of our heritage , but reading that the jew commits usury and is n't even allowed to go to hell on the devil 's boat , that was definitely strange , i 'm sure it would n't be allowed in countries like germany xd, 
   well , i love e\u00e7a de queir\u00f3s and he would be the next on the list . 
  but i think the three i mentioned ( cam\u00f5es , pessoa and saramago ) are more unique as writers . 
  but definitively another great man of portuguese literature . 
  bah , stop sucking it up to the establishment . 
   that is , imho , the worst book i 've put my hand on . 
  so damn boring . 
  why did he need that many pages to describe a damn room ?!? 
  the nightmares !!!!, 
  yeah , i 'm with you , i just wanted to see if taurho would agree with me because those are the books that are part of the national curriculum xd yeah , os lus\u00edadas are fine , it 's very surprising that cam\u00f5es managed to get all and all with the same rhythm and scheme for the whole time , that must have been hell to write . 
  and to think he nearly drowned with that book , damn . 
  as for memorial do convento , i personally enjoyed it even though saramago 's `` hey everybody , the workers did this , not the bourgeois '' communist stench can be a bit nauseous , but still , i get the story and it 's great , actually . 
  ( i 'd like it more if i did n't had a 14 on my test even though i read the whole book and my colleagues that did n't read it and went with the notes from the previous year 's evaluations got grades like 18 and 19 :| ) as for os maias , fucking christ , i really tried to read that book but it was impossible , i read whole pages and had to go back because i was n't picking anything up . 
  i was very committed and i can read a lot without problems , but i gave up on chapter 6 , it was that bad :( now that i think about it , what are we missing from high school ? 
  there 's pessoa ( s ) but that 's the ramblings of a schizophrenic with multiple personality disorder ( do n't get me wrong , great reading still ) , there 's padre ant\u00f3nio vieira , that made portuguese classes almost like church , and i think that 's it , at least from what i can recall now :p, 
   i ca n't hate more this article . 
  [ \u00bf problema ? 
  no love for os maias ? 
   how so ? 
  honest question . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i 'm sorry to point out to what everybody always points out , but the whole sopa and acta thingie was a disgrace on their part . 
  we do n't tell them what they should or should not do with regards to their internal policies . 
  another example of the usa meddling with eu affairs was when they put immense pressure on spain during the invasion of iraq . 
  that was also shameful . 
   they specifically targetted gypsies . 
  and portugal specifically targeted jews during the inquisition . 
  and we went on crusades specifically against the moors . 
  and we also specifically targeted west africans to send them to brazil in slavery . 
  why is that the only ones who cause problems here today are gypsies then ? 
  our ancestors did much worse to other groups and now these other groups live here without any sort of problem . 
  so do n't say it 's our fault or our ancestors fault , it is n't . 
   well it 's not our fault but it 's definitely our ancestors fault considering killing or enslaving roma was tuesday morning for them . 
  hey , our ancestors did that to everyone and it 's all in the past . 
   `` we have a growing relationship with the eu as an institution , which has an increasing voice in the world , and we want to see a strong british voice in that eu . 
  that is in america 's interests . 
  we welcome an outward-looking eu with britain in it . '', 
  if the yankees are the ones saying this , i dunno , the usa already has excessive influence within the eu . . 
   well , both greece and portugal are seeing a brain drain of educated youth . 
  a country of old citizens where youth employment runs high is a dangerous situation imho . 
  it is . 
  and quite soon i 'll be joining the labour market myself , so that hits close to home , but the problems we do have just ca n't be blamed on the eu , in fact , there has been more help coming in from brussels than from lisbon . 
   i am not against euro . 
  i am against leaving euro in a limbo while europe refuses to move towards a common nationhood . 
  yup , i agree with you . 
  btw , fateswarm has already done his thing of deleting all the posts xd, 
   it 's better at dragging countries like greece , portugal , ireland and spain through the mud .
