  [ ahah , sometimes parents exaggerate !, 
  xd ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tt33zqib2qk ) tough yeah , things were bad , that 's not as bad as my parents , they were in africa during the colonial war and my parents were in school a couple of times when fighting broke out , there were guerrilla raids and mortar shelling nearby , so they just stopped going . 
  apparently a couple of weeks later after my mother stopped going , the guerrillas stormed her school and the director of the school and his assistant were captured , beheaded and their bodies dragged around in technicals . 
  and my father also has stories like this , once when he was a kid and was in a store with my grandmother , they were attacked and had to hide behind the counter while they patrolled the streets looking for stuff to pillage . 
  fortunately for both of them , the revolution happened here and they were evacuated by the military , though they came to portugal leaving everything but their clothes behind and both my grandfathers had to continue there serving . 
  that always chills me more than their stories of one fish for 8 kids or going through the mountains alone at 4am to get to school . 
  anyway , i 'm sure you also have portuguese nationality because of your parents , so you can always try things out here , perhaps you might enjoy it more than there , it 's up to you . 
  oh , and you have to be pretty darn lucky ( or unlucky , depends on how you look at it ) to catch snow here . 
  portugal is n't western europe ? 
  the westernmost point in all of europe is in portugal , both in [ mainland europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cabo_da_roca ) and [ including islands ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monchique_islet ) !, 
  but yeah , the map seems pretty random , ireland might a more flagrant example . 
  depends on how it 's done and by who does it . 
  here in portugal we 've had more than a million immigrants since the transition to democracy and we 're not even 11 million , and we have no serious cultural and social problems regarding immigrants . 
  it 's very odd how ulster , holstein and bavaria are on the map but ireland , denmark and austria are not . 
  i guess that 's what you call western europe nowadays . 
  salazar was n't in power in the 70s , you could have been born after salazar and in the estado novo . 
  but yeah , things have changed a lot since then . 
  even in the azores , which is one of the most undeveloped areas alongside alentejo and tr\u00e1s-os-montes , it 's just not comparable to what it was back then . 
  if you look past the azores and compare all of portugal with canada , you 'll see that they 're very much alike in terms of life quality ( weather excluded , otherwise we 'd win !, 
  how old are you know ? 
  portugal changed a lot for the better since the 70s , even though the azores never was an wealthy zone to begin with . 
  [ so are you a canadian born in the azores ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/suw1r/til_rolypolies_arent_insects_but_terrestrial/c4h8o96?context=3 ), 
   in short is a combination of labour market deregulation without the development of others safety nets in welfare . 
  i need to see the data , i just fail to see how labour market deregulation is to blame for reduced fertility rates . 
  we not only have a deregulated labour market ( if anything , it 's still too regulated , but let 's not argue about this now ) , welfare regarding fertility support and government help in raising one 's child is great , i mean , sure , kids can be a massive expense in a family 's budget but the government pays a lot for each , you ca n't say we do n't have safety nets in our welfare regarding the promotion of our birth rate . 
  anyway , i studied this briefly in high school and this was never mentioned , the increased costs or the lack of the time it takes to raise a kid were the ones to blame the most , not that we look at it that negatively , birth rates in the 50s was still on average  3 per mature woman but that was balanced with emigration , now it 's ~ 1.5 but we continue to grow because our immigration is much higher while our emigration is now very reduced when compared to what it was till 1974 . 
  regarding portugal being all red , we 're not too concerned it seems , as immigration continues to be enough to cover for the low birth rates and then some . 
  besides , our immigration is n't troublesome , not at all when compared to france , for example , so we 're doing fine even though in the map it 's the reddest country . 
  [ here 's more detailed data regarding portugal 's natural growth \\ ( birth rate - mortality rate \\ ) . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/iwc2m.png ) [ source on page 4 ] ( http://www.gave.min-edu.pt/np3content/?newsid=294&amp;filename=geografia_a719_v1_pf1_10.pdf ), 
  i do n't know about northern ireland , but in ireland , alcohol laws are the worst . 
  you ca n't go shopping before 10am if you want to buy a beer for lunch , because they wo n't sell it to you . 
   we have always been small , that did n't stop us from discovering most of the world and doing impressive things . 
  going back to the escudo we would likely lose a good chunk of our purchasing power , but on the long run nothing prevents us from having a stable currency with moderate inflation . 
  comparing the world 500 years ago with the world today is just wrong . 
  also , you ca n't just say `` well , if we work our asses off we might have a chance of not collapsing '' , that ludicrous , we are fine the way we are and things are much safer and easy with the euro , a common currency for europe which deepens the single market and gives increased assurances to those willing to invest here . 
   huh ? 
  competition between countries is what made this continent great . 
  we started the discoveries and in turn forced other countries to join in or be left behind . 
  when we fell behind other european countries took our place and this went well untill the 20th century when the us seized the oportunity and became the world power . 
  there 's probably more competition now than there ever was before , in this globalized world . 
  we 're just focused on not fighting amongst ourselves and attempting to work as a team so we can stand a chance against the other continents who were once in our control . 
   our strength is our diversity , centralization of power slowly destroys that and puts all our eggs in the same basket . 
  we dont need to adopt a federal structure like the us to be strong and face the rest of the world . 
  i fail to see how a single voice of the eu and the centralization of some legal procedures is harmful for our efforts or is `` putting all our eggs on the same basket '' . 
  as for the federal structure , it might not be necessary but it can certainly be helpful . 
   sure we would lose the benefit of having the 2nd biggest reserve currency , but we would win back the sovereignty that we lost and prevent any further reduction of it , something that will happen if we remain in the eu and sell our soul for some more crack . 
  i for one am happy that our leaders ca n't just do what for example venezuela does , which is not attempt to cut costs and just delay the problems by increasing inflation and weakening the currency . 
  the escudo is dead , long live the euro . 
   that will be our job , and it 's far from impossible . 
  or we could not be masochistic and try to work as a team to allow for a better future for all of us . 
   if we do n't take care of ourselves nobody will , remaining in the euro and going further and further into debt while we lose our independence and assets is not going to solve anything . 
  defaulting and going back to the escudo is the best option . 
  it 's either that or say hello to the eu as a nation with capital in brussels and control over the finances of all the member states , and the pigs as the ugly ducks of the family . 
  going further and further into debt is n't the eu 's fault , it 's our politician 's one , in fact , the eu is the entity which has helped us the most , both monetarily and not , in trying to make sure our budgets did n't showed negative results frequently . 
  defaulting and going back to the escudo is the worst option , it would mean just like that that we all would lose some 20 % or 30 % of our wealth , it 's like trying to treat a broken finger with arm amputation . 
  as for the pigs , we just have to work as much as the rest of europe does so that there are no ugly ducks in this big european family . 
   no , that the government increases it 's income via increasing taxation , nationalisation , etc. 
  on the long run , tax increases just are n't viable , they create deadweight losses and hurt the economy as a whole . 
  if well planed , they can work just fine , but they never work in as planned the short term and with the only intention of allowing governments to continue to spend more than what they can , they just delay the problems . 
  regarding nationalizations , it 's impossible and in direct conflict with the free market and with the rights of the investors , and quite rightly so , i 'm sure you 'd be pretty pissed as well if you built a company from the ground up and suddenly the government came and took it all away because they want to keep spending like there 's no tomorrow . 
  not to mention that if you compare private-owned companies with state-owned ones , the private ones are constantly more profitable than the state ones , just because they have a much better incentive not to waste money . 
  if they are vital to society , you can just regulate them so they do n't harm society and tax them instead of nationalize them and let the tax payers work to maintain it . 
   the wealth has n't just disappeared , the factories and fields are just as productive as before . 
  not comparatively , asian countries for instance are able to sell the same products some of us manufacture much more cheaply , that obviously hurts our industry . 
  it 's not that we 're doomed to decline , it 's just that we need to adapt and compete on other products , in those in which we have comparative advantages ( for example , instead of mass manufacture of clothing , research and development of technology in medicine ) . 
  while we continue to compete with them while being in such a serious disadvantage , we 'll obviously just struggle and fail to accomplish much , its also why some countries in the eu are much less affected than others , because of what they were focused on producing . 
  the price of their exports would decrease , certainly , but even if the drachma was n't worth the paper it was printed on , it still would n't be as competitive as the same products made in asia . 
  the price of their imports , however , would increase significantly and they just ca n't afford to pay several times more what they need to import , be it fuel , food or general goods in which they 're not auto-suficient . 
  the inflation would be awful and the protectionism has proven not to work , specially in this globalized world , we ca n't go back to the protectionist practices of the past , we all know how good those did to us . 
  saying greece has a chance of digging themselves out of the hole by going back to the drachma is like saying a headache can be solved with decapitation . 
  lowering wages in greece is actually kind of painless when compared to the alternative of a worthless currency which would do them no good anyway . 
  have you ever considered that the alternative ( the government to spend more than what it can ) would be worse than that in the long run ? 
  i mean , sure , i 'm all for wise government making wise decisions , but perhaps when they stop helping maybe it 's just because they 're running out of money and not because they like to lose votes by cutting back their spending , no ? 
   a court in hamburg ruled that youtube is responsible for the content that users post to the video sharing site . 
    it wants the video site to install filters that spot when users try to post music clips whose rights are held by royalty collection group , gema . 
    the german industry group said in court that youtube had not done enough to stop copyrighted clips being posted . 
  great , just what is needed : increased control of the internet , stricter copyright laws and harsher penalties for the sharing of knowledge and art . 
  seriously , fuck this shit !, 
  austerity means cutting back on public spending - how is government spending more than what it should good for society or good for keeping banks and big companies in check ? 
   if we ca n't get a loan then we can not live beyond our means and must channel whatever money we have to what really matters , forcing the government to cut on the fat . 
  the government already is forced to cut the fat to attract investments and loans . 
  unlike it was before the euro , were governments would just spend on popular measures to keep being reelected , print money to cover deficits and keep the inflation problem delayed . 
   this believing that no one will want to borrow us money : `` impossibility to ask for more loans as nobody wants to be paid in worthless paper '' the escudo is worthless already , we could work as hard as possible , this little strip of land and some islands would still look laughable on its own when compared to the rest of the world . 
  besides , why bother so much with loans there when we could just print and print again ? 
  trust me , the euro 's strict rules are one of its key point . 
  if we lose that obligation , we just would n't be trustworthy in the eyes of the world . 
   competition between its nations was one of the things that made this continent great , the failure of the single currency would be positive for europe . 
  failure of the single currency would mean we 'd go back to competing with each other rather than with everyone else , we do n't have that luxury again , as the rest of the world is n't owned by us . 
  competition is still very present , it just shifted its competitors . 
  saying we just stop working as a team so we could compete with each other , screw the usa , brazil , russia , india , china and japan would be economical suicide , not to mention a much more uncertain and darker future for europe . 
   yes , but our size does not prevent us from having our own currency . 
  even a town can have it 's own currency and it will work as long that town has products to back it with and the monetary base is not expanded too fast . 
  too bad we no longer live in a closed economy . 
  a small currency , even if properly managed , is just too easily overshadowed . 
   as long as they do n't expand the monetary base to a point where the trust is destroyed , the escudo is as viable today as it was when we had a empire . 
  try to convince foreigners of that . 
  good grief , are you on cannabis ? 
  that 's some serious paranoia !,
