   fdp , the smaller one of the parties forming the current government , strongly opposes minimum wage . 
  i 've read about the german fdp and it does indeed sounds like a great political party . 
  classical liberal - promoting economic liberalism , supportive of greater civil liberties and pro-eu ? 
  why ca n't we have one of those here ? 
  ; _ ; too bad it has the most [ unfortunate acronym ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fdp ) . 
   you ca n't live on that . 
  it was only part-time , they managed . 
  the cost of living is lower here so yeah , while one ca n't live on that , it helps , it 's better than nothing at all , which would be what they 'd get if they had follow the minimum wage law . 
   the state will have to subsidize . 
  what 's the point ? 
  subsidies tend to promote inefficiency but in this case , if it 's required , i 'd support them , it 's much better to promote employment at the cost of greater public expense than to promote unemployment at the cost of reduced public revenue . 
  though you need to look at these aspects more closely as these have impacts of their own , in case of the subsidy on the wage , one of them could be companies actually paying less than what they should because it would be indifferent for the worker because of the state subsidy and we ca n't allow the private sector to , in essence , pass the bill to the taxpayer . 
  it 's certainly a complicated issue , what i do can tell you is that a minimum wage where there 's an arbitrary value under which people are n't allowed to be employed is inefficient and does n't serve the purpose of increasing the wages and the welfare of the people it wants to help . 
  if you were to ask me what i 'd do , i 'd do what austria , germany , denmark and sweden already are doing , it seems to be working fine for them . 
  they have a minimum wage which is much more flexible and that is n't decided like `` x for everyone , no exceptions '' by a lawmaker , it 's something that 's agreed by the union , the employer and the worker - meaning that it does serve the purpose of the minimum wage , to prevent workers of being paid less than a certain amount , and it also avoids the inefficiencies and the negative effects that a system like the portuguese one presents , which is increasing unemployment as opposed to increasing wages . 
   because it works on the premise that people will let it happen . 
  the minimum wage law is there , because if there was n't one , employers would pay less . 
  ever heard of a saying : `` i 'd pay you less , if i could '' ? 
  it 's obvious that employers would pay less if they could because it would minimize their costs but it 's also truth that employees also would be paid more if they could because it would maximize their benefits . 
  there 's no monopoly on employers , there 's supply and demand of labour and even these can change as more people enter or leave the workforce or create or end their business , to imply that employers can pay less than what the employees agree to is false . 
  seriously , it 's nonsense to imply that the minimum wage is there keeping wages high , everyone who 's not paid minimum wage is proof of it . 
  if that was the case , that employers would pay less if the minimum wage was in place , everyone would be paid minimum wage because it would be minimum amount required , but that 's not the case as the minimum wage only affects those under the threshold . 
  what the current minimum wage does is to simply make people who 'd want and should work for an amount less than the required , to be unemployed , and i 'm absolutely sure that being unemployed is a much worse condition to be in than being in a job that pays less than x , x being the minimum wage decided by the government . 
   also , austrian economics have been debunked a long time ago , but somehow you libertarians picked it up again with ron paul craze . 
  are you trolling me ? 
  first you shit on milton friedman , then you said you used to agree with him , then you said it 's impossible , then you dodge the question and bash the austrian school ( which is hayek 's and von mises ' school , not friedman 's , but this much you know because you 're already mentioned the chicago school ) . . are you for real ? 
  regardless , austrian economics has n't been `` debunked '' like you mentioned . 
  not that i agree with the austrian school , though , while they do present several wise policies which are more focused on efficiency rather than on popularity , i honestly disagree with their monetary policy and , on some aspects , on their role of government . 
  their fiscal policy might be very well defined but i 'm a keynesian ( not a neo-keynesian , though , those are just stupid and do n't know a thing about what keynes said and in the context in which he said it ) , i believe there 's a role for the government and that , for example , one of it is to control monetary policy and not leave it to the private sector , something that an austrian would disagree with . 
  oh , and i 'll ignore the libertarian and ron paul bit , i 'm not an american so i 'll leave you americans to deal with your issues , just please do n't assume everything works like it does there and confuse me with the libertarian / republican / democratic party as these are foreign parties for me , i 'm much more worried about be , cdu , ps , psd and cds , so unless you want to discuss as well portuguese ( or european ) politics , do n't mix me with your american politics . 
   i know all of friedman 's ideas , and was following them until i realized that it 's impossible to establish them . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what 's impossible to establish ? 
  what 's wrong with friedman 's ideas ? 
  [ milton friedman on minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ) , here relevant milton friedman , please do tell me where he 's wrong . 
  i have colleagues who have been paid 1.75 $ / hour in some part-time jobs without a labour contract simply because the alternative would be to get into debt because they would n't be able to find a job at all to pay for their living expenses . 
  it 's obviously very difficult situations but they tell me they 'd much rather to have been paid the same value with a labour contract simply because it would be much more safe if they had the guarantees that come with them having a valid contract in the eyes of the law . 
  in this very thread there seems to be people trying to refute this economic fact that minimum wages do not raise the income for people below the threshold , that what they do cause is unemployment . 
  that a minimum wage is set , i also agree with that , what i do n't agree with is the system under which it was implemented in my country or in spain or greece where the government decides an arbitrary value for everyone . 
  a system like the one in austria , germany , denmark or sweden seems much more reasonable because it allows for people with lower skills or lower age to have a minimum wage lower than people with better skills and that have been employed for longer , it 's decided not by bureaucrats for everyone but by the labour union , the employer and the employee itself , it 's much more flexible , it still allows for a minimum level of welfare and it does n't create inefficiencies or promote unemployment like the system which we have now . 
  [ minimum wage laws in europe ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-qa-09-029/en/ks-qa-09-029-en.pdf ), 
   chicago boys , as they 're called , installed all of friedman 's ideas . 
  yeah , i heard you the first time and rebated you in the previous post . 
  at least bother to know friedman 's ideas before dismissing them because an idiot claimed to be following them , that would be like saying christmas is evil and should be abolished because of that guy who murdered his family dressed as santa on the 25th of december . 
  it 's rational for employers to try to minimize costs just like it 's rational for employees to maximize their pay , there 's a natural equilibrium , the government stepping in is great for creating gaps . 
  sure , i understand why there 's a tendency for setting a minimum wage but it 's not an efficient measure if one really cares about the welfare of the population , germany or austria demonstrate this whereas portugal or spain , with a fixed minimum wage set for everyone demonstrate the opposite case , that our current minimum wage system serves little purpose other than making life even harder for those who most need it . 
  i 'm fortunate enough to have a father which can still provide for me and my family while i finish my studies but if he were to lose his job it would be immensely difficult for him to get another one because of his age and it would be immensely difficult for me because nobody would be interest in hiring me , not even for 565 $ / month ( if i worked full time ) simply because i 'm not yet qualified to earn that much , there are people with much better skills who would n't bother to be paid the same for the same work meaning that me and my family would be fucked once the unemployment subsidy ended for my father , and if that were the same , any value between 0 $ and 565 $ would be better than 0 $ . 
   chile did let itself be ruled by milton friedman 's ideas in the 1973 , and in the first year the inflation reached over 300 % , unemployment soared , banks failed , companies failed , and it turned into a military dictatorship . 
  not too shabby , do n't you think ? 
  chile was ruled by a dictator called pinochet , not by friedman or his ideals . 
  friedman himself said that democracy and liberty were fundamental , that it 's essential to keep a balance of power and that you ca n't impose freedom through force . 
  there is n't a federal level minimum wage , these are decided by the union , the employer and the employee on a case to case level ( iirc ) . 
  which , imo , is a much better way than the way most minimum wages are set where there 's an arbitrary value under which nobody is allowed to do legal work . 
   i think there 's no minimum wage law , because germany was influenced by milton friedman 's nonsense . 
  portugal , spain and greece have minimum wage . 
  germany , denmark and sweden do n't . 
  if this is what milton friedman 's nonsense achieves , then bring him back to life and let him rule our country , it 's better than the nonsense we currently have . 
  it also prevents those that are desperate for work from getting a job . 
  if i was norway , i 'd politely refuse , the whole thing is just too awkward . 
   it 's a shame the uk only had a vote and an opt out , and not a veto , because europe 's fucked it up again . 
  the uk has experience in this with dealing with sinn fein ; they should have listened . 
  how is this situation similar to the one in the republic of ireland and with sinn fein ? 
   you received 3 upvotes for this comment within 16 minutes . 
  more than anyone else in this thread . 
    you cheat . 
  what the heck is this , upvote police ? 
  trying to make sense over what , how and when something gets upvoted is silly . 
   i actually agree with that . 
  greece is on the edge . 
  portugal ; i 'm not sure enough of the circumstances over there to comment . 
  but greece is ready to blow . 
  a civil war in an european democracy ? 
  what will they blow up with ? 
  right under the eu and nato noses ? 
  nah , you 've been watching too much hollywood , things might be bad , some crazies might act out , but things are blown out of proportion by the media , nobody is willing to die for economic policies specially when they can just as well be decided in a ballot . 
  european integration is the mean under which our economies will become more competitive , our shared interests will make us work with each other as opposed to working against each other and our say will be better heard around the globe . 
  the goal is n't to further european integration just because , the goal is to improve the life quality for all europeans and for that , an increased degree of european is essential . 
   if greece exited the monetary union , the greeks would purchase their own goods again , and wealthy greeks would return to invest . 
  and if portugal leaves , it will have similar positive experiences . 
  the ifo institute has studied some 70 currency devaluations and found that recovery begins after one to two years . 
  we are , of course , also suggesting just a temporary exit . 
  greece and portugal have to become 30 to 40 percent less expensive to be competitive again . 
  this is being attempted through excessive austerity measures within the euro zone , but it wo n't work . 
  it will drive these countries to the brink of civil war before it succeeds . 
  temporary exits would very quickly stabilize these countries , create new jobs and free the population from the yoke of the euro . 
  lol nope, 
   `` simply put , the man feels that the social and economic situation in the country is going in the wrong direction and virtually all government positions are being occupied by people which he described as ` foreigners ' , '' prosectutor mariusz kraso\u0144 said . 
  wonderful logic , if the social and economic situation of a country is going in the wrong direction , the best solution is to murder innocent civilians , that will surely put the country on the right direction !, 
  this guy surely banged his head too hard onto something and is n't thinking properly , that 's the only explanation i can think of . 
   2013 is less than a month and a half from now ffs . 
  nobody will start reforming cap by 01/01/2013 . 
  oh , and the french will still threaten to veto if the cap budget gets reduced . 
  ca n't we just make cap optional so that we can all opt out ? 
   he 's joking . 
  it is kind of poking fun at the sort of argument that pops up quite often in here . 
  it 's silly , nobody wants to harm the interests of the member-states , specially for something as vague as `` european integration '' ( which is n't a goal on its own but rather the means to an end ) . 
  i dunno , i agree with him on quite a lot of things but sometimes he 's too radical , i simply want to understand the point he 's trying to make better . 
   do n't even bother debating with them . 
  it 's like debating with an emotional wreck . 
  they ca n't help their rage and their jealousy .
