  italy and sweden also do n't have pms . 
  i 'm just messing with you . 
   though even if it is added cost , it 's no biggie , we will just make the customers = the average joe pay a little more from now on . 
  after all , it 's all for equality . 
  yeah , some equality here and some equality there , the costs are irrelevant if it 's for equality , right ? 
  efficiency is irrelevant , is n't it ? 
   great , so we will create 40 % more board seats we fill with quota women who will be bought to just shut up . 
  estimated cost : little . 
  you mean 56 % more seats . 
  0.4 out of 1.4 is n't 40 % , it 's only 28.5 % , 0.56 out of 1.4 is 40 % . 
  the marginal estimated cost is still an added cost . 
   does anyone see a good reason to abandon the principle of meritocracy ? 
  also , does anyone realise that forcing equality of treatment is just prolonging discrimination ? 
  he 's savannajeff , he wants to force equality on everyone at all costs and not even reason will dissuade him , he 'll just insult those who disagree with him and continue on rambling about the rampant discrimination . 
  so people choosing what 's best for their business is a worse alternative than government quotas ? 
  are you really this stupid ? 
  spain does n't have a pm . 
   yeah . 
  i remember that time when the bmw dealer threaten me with a gun . 
  yeah . 
  damn germans . 
  forcing people to buy stuff . 
  it 's like carjacking but in reverse , you 're just minding your own business when all of a sudden you 're jumped by car dealers and before you know it , bam , you 've bought a new car !, 
  this is fucked up , why does n't the government step it to prevent this ? 
   the point of a strike is to be disruptive to the point of getting attention and forcing parties to negotiate . 
  that 's no excuse , there are people who need public transportation to work , to go to the doctor , to take their children to school to and go on with their lives . 
  [ strike picketers ] ( http://i.imgur.com/paw7z.jpg ) that stop trains and buses from working and prevent the assured minimal services are violating the law and the rights of others . 
  these strikers demonstrate the uttermost disrespect for everybody else who also has to do sacrifices and is n't even allowed to work and to go on with their lives , this is specially serious when the people the strikers harm the most are those that use public transportation and therefore that pay for their wages !, 
   hurr durr elites are bad lol, 
  the dead also get older . 
  it 's already happening , 
   the escudo , what else ? 
  nothing . 
   sure it would be devalued , but if we kept tabs on inflation and prevented it from rising too much it could be viable . 
  wishful thinking . 
  representatives do n't need to offset political views , they only need to act according to the will of the population will which is expressed in the ballots . 
  she is partially right . 
  by 2035 we 'll be 23 years older than we are today . 
   somehow this version really emphasises how small we are . 
  it 's an interesting look  [ pale_blue_dot . flv ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuptoqz1e2g ), 
  ca n't irish women just go to belfast and get an abortion there ? 
  one argument against legalizing abortion here in portugal was precisely that , people could already abort legally in spain and so keeping it illegal was n't logical or fair . 
   and that 's exactly the biggest problem that modern capitalism is currently facing . 
  the biggest problem with modern capitalism ? 
  [ externalities ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/externality ) are n't news . . 
  how could you default inside the euro ? 
  how would it be viable to default in a globalised economy ? 
  what 's the alternative to the euro ? 
  yeah , do n't bother i 'll probably only have time to read it long after 18h30 . 
  damned general strike . 
   you make some interesting points . 
  i do n't have time to respond to all of them as i 've just spent more time than i wanted answering triceratopos . 
  yeah , do n't bother , it 's 01h00 and there are better places to be than in r/europe in a thread filled with portuguese . 
   our primary deficit was 0.4 % last year , i 'm pretty sure we could manage our resources and get by just fine without foreign credit . 
  on a closed economy , yes , not on a globalised world where all the economies are interdependent and you ca n't live shut off from the outside . 
  oh , and `` primary deficit '' is an extremely raw indicator - did you know that we have a raw primary deficit of fuel of 100 % because we have no fossil fuels ? 
   austerity policies ( ... ) are sometimes coupled with increases in taxes just like weddings are sometimes coupled with children or with divorces . . yet these are n't the same , they are n't mutually inclusive . 
   that 's not entirely true . 
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austerity :    in economics , austerity refers to a policy of deficit-cutting by lowering spending via a reduction in the amount of benefits and public services provided . 
  austerity policies are often used by governments to try to reduce their deficit spending and are sometimes coupled with increases in taxes to demonstrate long-term fiscal solvency to creditors . 
  your quote is proving me right . 
  it 's what i said , austerity is cutting spending , not increasing revenues . 
  you were the one that said that taxes were austerity and i just pointed out they were n't . 
  reducing benefits and public services is cutting spending , taxes like you mentioned is increasing revenues . 
  while they both contribute to the state budget and the public debt , they 're the exact opposite . 
   the alternative is austerity that makes meaningful reforms in spending regarding public contracts , instead of cutting on education , healthcare , justice , etc. 
  in fact if these reforms were truly achieved , taxing the stockmarket and other transactions would n't even be necessary . 
  yeah , the ppps are very harming to our economy but it 's not only that , they do n't explain a debt to gdp ratio over 100 % . 
  more needs to be cut and all public services need to be run more efficiently . 
  obvious we ca n't cut healthcare , education and justice , i 'm with you in this ( fuck , i almost feel bad by just agreeing with you on small things ) but you ca n't just fix the ppps and leave everything else as it is when the government still presents deficits . 
   cutting on healthcare and education and taxing the middle class will only destroy the economy further . 
  i. . . ugh ... yeah , i agree , you 're right . 
  cutting on healthcare and on education is cutting on our future and taxing is making us more uncompetitive , promoting unemployment and encouraging emigration . 
  if anything we should slash public spending on all the non-essential areas ( so everything not justice , security , education and healthcare related ) and also bring taxes as low as possible - it 's imperative if we want to promote economic growth and continue to be able to afford to have some sort of functional welfare state . 
   there 's plenty of public spending in need of deep reforms in portugal . 
  healthcare , education , justice , etc. 
  certainly are ' t a priority . 
  the only reforms i 'd do were those that maximized its efficiency while not compromising the accessibility and quality of the services . 
   i know that feel , i 'm very pessimist when it comes down to our debt problem and believe that a default is inevitable , and just like you said if we are indeed going to default it 's best to do it as quickly as possible while we still have some assets to back us and a new escudo . 
  l\u00ea [ esta ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/133tib/merkel_hails_portugals_austerity_efforts_german/c70vrp1 ) parede de texto que escrevi ao radaway , tamb\u00e9m se adequa a ti . 
  yup , reddit is acting up , i just had a 504 on a massive reply to you . 
  fortunately i managed to copy-paste it and already submitted said post . 
   my favorite was the decoy , they had a woman dressed like merkel on a car equal to merkel pass before the real merkel passed ... everything was extremely silly . 
  it was a decoy ? 
  fuck , i just wanked to the jacket of some random lady !, 
   austerity that does n't encompass taxing the middle and lower classes austerity means cutting public spending , not increasing public revenue . 
  taxes are not austerity . 
   at the portuguese level , we have to start seriously considering defaulting and exiting the euro unless the eurozone changes course . 
  what ? 
  defaulting ? 
  how would you even afford to keep the hospitals running , the schools open , policemen being paid their wages , retired people receiving their pensions , etc , with a default ? 
  you know what a default means , right ? 
  it means declaring bankruptcy , it means nobody will loan you anything unless it is at astronomical interest rates . 
  how can you defend this as an alternative to austerity when it 's much more violent and damaging ? 
  how can you expect to keep the state running when it still presents considerable deficits and you destroy the possibility of it being financed both from the outside and from the inside ? 
  furthermore , exiting the euro and then what ? 
  make the escudo worth peanuts ? 
  how would you afford to import energy , food or all those other goods in which we 're not self-sufficient ? 
  and bear in mind that most of our exports are to the eurozone , would we really benefit on foreign markets if our currency was not the same as theirs but was instead as worthless as a zimbabwean dollar ? 
   might as well do it now than when things are much worse after more 5 years of austerity .
