  the japanese have a very elderly population and as such have refrained from inflating their currency and have never engaged in anything that might resemble the expansionary monetary policy you 're arguing for . 
   you do n't necessarily need war to stop having peace . 
  you can easily just degenerate into something like what 's happening in turkey which i find quite a lot more likely . 
  yeah , i doubt it . 
  we 'd much more easily pull a greece and privatise pretty much everything . 
  all the public officials will come out in the streets but the rest of the people will hardly care for them considering how much easier life was for them . 
   i think peace has less to do with trade and more to do with the treat of nuclear warfare . 
  i doubt it , military alliances and the threat of utter destruction never stopped anyone in the past , in fact , both world wars happened despite of those . 
  as for free trade , i 'm yet to see war happen in a region so interconnected . 
  not only free trade but also free movement of people . 
  it 's bad for business for a whole fucking lot of people to go to war and break commercial relations with your neighbours and nobody would want war when they actually know the people from the other country . 
   and in reality it 's not that long time since the previous conflicts on european land , balkan wars were just less than 15 years ago . 
  and the conflict between russia and georgia ? 
  just five years ago . . yeah , we 're talking about the eu here , and no , war between germany and france is now impossible when back in a day it was never out of the picture . 
   germany only had one party against austerity when they were being forced to do it to pay wwi debts . 
  they supposedly would n't be able to afford it either . 
  oh , this is totally like the versailles treaty , we 're paying insane compensation for a war we did n't cause and totally not because we spent too much on retarded bullshit . 
  also , we 're totally being exploited by those who lent money to us , how dare they charge us rates of 3 % when under normal conditions we 'd be paying only 7 % ? 
  btw , now being serious and continuing with your comparison : while you argue for a monetisation of the debt , hitler himself used weimar 's germany hyperinflation extensively as a political weapon . 
  there 's no escaping it - the debt will have to be paid one way or the other and the solution is not to prolong the agony of the treatment or to avoid it but to push through the reforms , to liberalise the economy and to finally lift the massive tax burden so that it can flourish once and for all . 
  there 's news of it on [ the guardian ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2013/jun/11/global-peace-index-2013 ) . 
   i think they 're the wealthiest country in the world too . 
  and they 'll continue to be wealthy as long as they have oil they can export . 
   with the current policies we will be back on the horse in no time . 
  that is absolute nonsense . 
  even if people wanted war , we just would n't be able to afford it lol, 
   let 's hope it 's a bit more permanent than just a century or so this time . 
  it will be , now with free trade , the free movement of people and how easy it is for us to communicate . 
  yeah , we came a long way considering that not so long ago people were still drafted and sent to fight in useless bloody wars . 
  ok , what the fuck is that ? 
   and why are there no internet users in turkey ? 
  turkey 's data is n't on the map . 
  damn : o i live in [ this ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/oj9fc ) city xd, 
  that 's a transmitter tower you silly x ) for flat , here in portugal we have [ alentejo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zsmai7a.jpg ) :p, 
   and all the mountains of denmark !, 
  and the netherlands . 
   edit : also , economic hard times are visible in both iberia and greece . 
  nope , internet usage has increased a lot in the past decade , it 's pretty much universal now with the exception of the very old . 
  just like scandinavia and scotland , you need to compare the picture with [ population density ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d2orvha.jpg ) . 
   i am against lgbt activism and homosexual marriage if you want downvotes , there 's no need to be bigoted , just say you like internet explorer . 
   wait wait wait wait . 
  homosexuality is a bourgeois activity ? 
  what the fuck does that even mean how i do n't even as a simple rule of thumb : if the communist dictator does n't like it , it 's a bourgeois activity . 
   thankfully most of those are probably programmed to head for the us so we 'll be ok . 
  i do n't know about you guys but i 'm already stockpiling bottlecaps . 
   as a swede , i can safely say that i 've seen hatred towards muslim , homosexuals and non-whites flourish in recent years . 
  i do n't like it but the solution is not to ignore it . 
  some swedes might argue that they 've seen hatred from muslims and non-whites towards swedes flourish in recent years . 
   you could just as well ask me to fund a trip to the moon . 
  you were the one saying it 's morally right to take money from some and give it to others . 
   there is a nice wikipedia article on the subject of basic guaranteed income that you should probably read . 
  [ one critical view of basic income theorizes that it would have a negative effect on work incentive and labor supply . 
  even when the benefits are not permanent , the hours worked -- by the recipients of the benefit -- are observed to decline by 5 % , a decrease of 2 hours in a typical 40 hour work week ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income_guarantee#criticisms ), 
   my point was that the redistribution of wealth is morally right . 
  care to give me some of your money then ? 
  you 're norwegian and i 'm portuguese so chances are your income is more than two times higher than mine . 
  or are you one of those people that only want to redistribute the wealth of others ? 
  that can only be generous with other people 's money ? 
   it is only your ignorance that leads you to believe that incentives revolve solely around money . 
  well , yes , people only act if they think it will benefit them , it does n't need to be money but it 's certainly something that they think is good for them . 
   were n't you arguing the other day in favour of a negative income tax ? 
  this is n't so different from that . 
  as a replacement of the current welfare programmes till it could be phased out , not this nonsense of basic income as an human right on top of all the welfare programmes we already have . 
   taxation is not theft , it is payment for government services . 
  redistribution of wealth is n't a service , it 's theft . 
  by that logic , a robbery is n't a theft , it 's payment for a service , the service of redistribution the wealth from those who have a lot ( you ) to those who are most unfortunate ( the person robbing you ) . 
  oh , and if it was payment for a service , you 'd be free not to pay for it just like i 'm free not to go to the cinema or whatever . 
  it becomes theft when there 's the threat of violence ( just like there is with a regular thief or a tax collector ) . 
   not paying tax is theft from the government . 
  what 's next , all your property is n't really yours ? 
  everything you work for is actually owned by the state ? 
   similarly , not paying , say , your water company , is also theft . 
  you 're free to not pay the water company , you may get your water service cut but that 's fine . 
  it 's nothing like not paying the government , that will land you in jail because you did n't accept having your money taken away . 
   and saying that article 17 makes taxing illegal is a bit too much libertarian for me . 
  it 's in the public interest to fund the police and the courts and a defence system . 
  it 's not in the public interest to take away money from some people and give it to others because `` hurr durr it 's my human right to live at the expense of the rest of society '' . 
  so article 17 remains valid and in direct opposition to this socialist policy . 
   but the charter is n't really useful here . 
  you 're right , though i was trying to use the same `` human rights '' argument . 
   one could claim that having to work for shelter and food is forced labor and thus it 's against article 5 . 
  that would be nonsense , you have to work for anything , if you do it voluntarily then it is by definition not forced . 
  besides , if you do n't work for your food or shelter then somebody has to work for you , if someone says `` oh , i have to work for a living and that 's servitude '' then what that person is for is having someone else working for him against his own will and receiving no compensation - and that 's the exact definition of forced labour . 
   the economy exists to serve society . 
  wrong , the economy is a measurement of the welfare in a society . 
   if society is better served through the redistribution of wealth then that is morally right . 
  if not , then we 're just stealing from each other instead of focusing on what 's important - producing the most goods and services we can . 
   all economic gains are made possible through the existence of a safe and stable society , hence all economic gains are in the end the property of that society . 
  yup , and if you take away that money and give it away to the bureaucrats so they can redistribute it , then the incentives will not be to produce so that you can live a better live but rather to lobby the bureaucrats and the politicians so that you can live a better life at the expense of somebody else . 
   how we distribute this wealth is based on how we as a society choose to distribute it , and we can just as easily change it in any way we choose . 
  ah , if only it was that easy . 
  i 'm absolutely sure the vast majority of the people disagree with how the state spends its money and yet it 's incredibly difficult to change it because of how the system works - there 's concentrated benefits and dispersed costs , everybody has a much stronger incentive to keep his special benefit than the rest of society has to cut that expense . 
   so they ca n't ban skirts specifically only for men . 
  what about banning all skirts ? 
  [ charter of fundamental rights of the european union ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/charter/pdf/text_en.pdf ) as you can read from article 17 , there 's a right to property and no one may be deprived of his or her possessions . 
  so basic income , this new `` human right '' , violates the present human rights - you ca n't give away money without first taking it away from somebody else . 
  this kind of policies , even when done with the most noble objectives , they 're still theft and a violation of property rights . 
  and we 're already more than enough socialist as it is . 
  if you want to promote egalitarianism , promote equality of opportunity , not equality regardless the circumstances . 
   there will be a point where we are faced with massive structural unemployment .
