  considering the borders are open and one could just as easily live here or there , not much would change from a de facto union . 
  :p we have n't been at war for some 200 years and we have a very similar history - the romans , the barbaric invasions , the moors , the reconquista , the discoveries and the colonization of the new world , the fall of the empire , the instability in the early xx century with our republican revolution and your civil war over the monarchy , the dictatorial regimes with ww2 neutrality and now the eu . 
  even the language is quite similar . 
  :p we 'll never be the same and i personally do n't think an iberian union on its own will happen , if there 's a stronger union , it will be inside the eu . 
  but that 's ok that there wo n't be an iberian union , while the flag might look just great , it 's not needed and it does make thing easier when it comes to foreign relations and such . 
  even without it , things are still fine and dandy - as long as football is n't involved x ), 
  yeah , damn habsburgs took away our neutrality !, 
  i just think the flag is awesome looking , 
  i think it 's all fine and dandy till they mutilate their kids - circumcision is a big deal . 
  chopping off dick bits because of an imaginary friend is rather disgusting . 
  if you knew it and did n't press charges you 'll be prosecuted for obstruction to justice . 
  you should be ashamed of helping this scum defrauding the system . 
   serbs  genocide [ lel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixpj3x2olho ), 
   20 years of capitalism did n't manage to start a catch up movement of the east with the west . 
  the argument works both ways you see . 
  no , it does n't , because areas under the influence of state-planned economies have always performed worse than free market economies - compare france , belgium , the netherlands and west germany with east germany , poland , lithuania and belarus and then tell me if the areas under soviet influence performed better than those under us influence knowing they both started from scratch as it was all destroyed by 1945 . 
   we need to adapt from time to time and now is the time to look at other routes than neoliberalism or austerity . 
  for that you need to present alternatives , and what i 'm telling you is that your alternatives are n't viable , no , the ussr or maoist china are n't examples of progress . 
  that would mean the tax rates in the rest of the countries would have to be similar to those of switzerland - and most of the other countries ca n't seem to afford to lower their taxes that low , so that does n't seem like a viable solution . 
  a lot of the fast growth you mentioned also happened in non-authoritarian countries . 
  what you mentioned was due to industrialization - not government action . 
  and there 's no comparison between the growth in free market system and the ones in a centrally planned economy - just compare west and east germany , even +20 after the fall of the wall . 
  i do n't get it , what areas are and are not protected by nato ? 
  it 's odd that the dutch antilles and the falklands ( both in the atlantic ) apparently are n't covered by nato while iraq and afghanistan ( one in the indian ocean , the other landlocked in asia ) are covered by nato . 
  it makes me wonder if it 's indeed a military alliance between all members or only the usa 's bodyguard club , it 's why i 'm curious . 
   during an overproduction crisis that was the case in 1929 , it 's not the case now . 
  your problem now is n't regarding production , it 's regarding finance . 
  you should not be wasting even more money on increasing consumption as that 's not the issue , besides , specially because it 's a crisis in the financial sector , debt itself is more expensive . 
  more debts now to fuel an increase in demand which would n't solve the financial sector issues is not the way out of this . 
  is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wwkdj.jpg ) you ? 
  i personally disagree with bailouts of private institutions with public money , but saying banks should just go bankrupt to `` see what happens '' is like not calling the fire-fighters while your house is on fire `` just to see what happens '' . . 
  so far there has n't yet been a centrally planned successful economy . 
  the free market is cyclical and therefore leads to periods of economic boom and economic downturn , but that 's no reason to have government run economies , again , these never prove successful . 
  the government do should try to bring stability to the cycles and if it means discouraging some growth in the boom and encouraging some growth in the bust , fine , but let 's not get carried away and say it 's the government 's responsibility to create jobs - they should only rule over the market with the regulation and taxes , never directly like it 's sometimes suggested ( so no `` kick-start the economy '' policies ) . 
  if you 're actually a leninist you might disagree , though . 
  it 's nice to see you 're trying to be more than just '' [ greece pay your debts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mb1x4.jpg ) '' but it seems you obviously lack originality , all of your recent posts could be summed up as '' [ the jews did this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/na6zw.gif ) '' and that 's a bit unimaginative . 
   tax authorities exchanging information without restriction that could go against the rights of privacy and information - i for one would n't fancy the idea of all my transactions being in the databases of any country who desired such info . 
   a global taxpayer database that 's something that would require the cooperation of every country of the globe and you would n't able to enforce that on countries or overseas territories that do act as tax havens . 
  if you could just reach an agreement and end tax havens , this would n't be an issue . 
   especially the financial sector . 
  you 're going to get some grief for that . 
  :p but you do n't need to go that far , simply imposing barriers to the movement of capital would go against the free market and it would be unfair to those who have businesses in several countries of the eu . 
  it 's a very delicate issue , on the one hand you ca n't just allow tax fraud to occur but on the other hand if you 're not careful the medicine might be worse than the disease and you might harm a lot of law-abiding businesses - and that could have much more negative repercussions on the economy than tax fraud ever would . 
  people who invest in switzerland are often people with influence , easier said than done . 
  besides , cookiely is right , if not switzerland then it 's the cayman islands , gibraltar , the bahamas , turks and caicos islands , liechtenstein , monaco , andorra , the bermuda and so on and so forth , it would be impossible to stop the tax havens and even if you did manage to fix these , others would spring up . . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't try to stop tax fraud but , specially nowadays with web transactions and such , it 's quite difficult to successfully avoid this kind of tax fraud and i 'd say impossible to stop with the tax havens . 
   the us military has an ability to relatively quickly deploy en-mass anywhere in the world that the europeans do n't . 
  also , the us has various support and force multiplication assets that european countries do n't . 
  by working with the us , they gain some access to these capabilities . 
  i 'm not going to argue with this though i will ask you why the us requires the help of other nato countries in conflicts like iraq , afghanistan and libya and , for example , when argentina invaded the falklands , the usa was hardly of any help to the uk ? 
   the free market ca n't create the needed amount of jobs and increase in demand during a crisis . 
  this is true . 
  but this is also true :  governments ca n't create the needed amount of jobs and increase in demand . 
  yeah , we get it , poor greek demagogues , it 's everyone else 's fault that their economy got so fucked up . 
   does europe as a whole need the eu ? 
  yes . 
   is it really required for stability and peace to have such deep integration ? 
  some integration is required for peace and stability , though this integration is imo more regarding economic stability and growth . 
   do we need one constitution and one currency ? 
  i think we do , though if some countries disagree , they can and should always be able to opt-out . 
   are n't the differences between nations the charm of europe ? 
  there 's much more to europe to that . 
  i personally think there are more things that unify us than those that separate us . 
  others might disagree and say they 're nothing like the rest of the europeans but that 's fine . 
   does n't a trade union suffice ? 
  not if we want to remain competitive against countries like the usa , russia , china and india . 
  imo , we need the eu but it certainly can be improved . 
  what i disagree with is when people point out some flaws of the eu and say that because of those flaws , the eu should be scrapped and everyone should be on their own - forgetting how nasty the past centuries were when there was no european integration . 
  we can cross borders without much hassle , we can trade if people from all over europe , we can just as easily invest in eu countries as we would in our own , now we have the chance to protect these rights and to increase them by making europe even stronger . 
  we 're already an union , if we were to be a federation , not that much would change and we would be much more efficient . 
   is the eu in its current state a horrible fuckup ? 
  frontpage of / r/europe , nuff said . 
  so this is proof that the eu is completely fucked and we should all go home ? 
   commentary : circumcision without medical justification is wrong - spiegel online  russia denies plans for new navy bases abroad  germany feels effect of crisis as its major firms announce bad news, 
  switzerland and norway are always the examples of good european countries outside of the eu . 
  people just seem to forget switzerland is where the nazis , african dictators and other shady characters deposit and deposited their millions and that norway has plenty of oil - and that both of these countries do n't really have a lot of population to support . 
  it 's easy to be wealthy and successful if you do n't have much expenses and happen to be sitting on a lot of gold . 
  both you and alofat were born after ww2 so stop being a judgemental asshole . 
  ww2 happened , get over it already , it 's not a free pass to be a dick to every german you 'll ever meet , specially when all of them probably did n't have anything to do with it . 
  op , are you lerryn gray ? 
  i did n't watch it . 
  i also did n't watch china 's , so i guess i do n't really care . 
  ten . 
  i do , i do , chill , chill . . xd, 
   male is ` just ' the removal of ` useless ' skin dude , that 's not useless , i certainly find it very useful !, 
  if they really want to take away the useless parts , they should instead remove the appendix , no ? 
  dude , joseantoniosaraiva is one of the best , i specially love when he posts in askreddit saying how he does n't have a girlfriend and then getting all defensive . 
  tell me if this is n't comedy gold :  [ i assume you 're a female and you 're angry at me because i do n't want to have sex with you . 
  sorry if you have the same value of a potato to me . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/vw8ea/is_it_socially_accepted_to_prefer_having_a_dog/c58l0i1 ) the same value of a potato !, 
  trade embargo ?? 
  are you serious ? 
  til some people believe in reddiquette !, 
  [ le reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette )  please do n't :   plead for votes in the title of your submission . 
  so germany should n't try anything at all ? 
  you think dismemberment is the best solution ? 
  my point was that germany is doing the best they can to save the euro and to preserve the union , unlike some others who hardly try to do anything for the eu and just seem to fancy sitting around preaching the end of times for europe . 
  germany 's policies might have its flaws , sure , but at least they 're still trying to keep us together , that 's far more than what the uk seems to be doing . . 
   germany saying they will help is some kind of stockholm syndrome shit . 
  at least they 're trying to help .
