  if you use it to buy things for yourself , if you use it to loan out to other people , if you use it to build a factory and invest it , it does n't matter , it is your own choice and you bear the cost and you 'll have the benefits . 
  that 's how it should be , that 's capitalism . 
   imo we should try to achieve post scarcity society with minimal disposibal income . 
  that 's highly redundant , if there 's no scarcity , there wo n't be a need for income nor to make choices . 
   thing is , what will replace capitalism when that happens ? 
  when that day arrives , if it ever does , do n't worry , we 'll all be better off in a society where robots do all our work for us . 
   that point is usually referred to as `` singularity '' . 
  sounds like sci-fi to me . 
  i 'll believe in when it starts happening . 
   friedman explains greed , to those who think that greed is bad . 
  i was precisely choosing my words to resemble those of mr. friedman . 
   there 's one problem with capitalism , however . 
  what will we do , when robots become more efficient than humans ? 
  hundreds of millions of jobs will be lost , and what then ? 
  how will they escape poverty ? 
  that 's silly , when robots do become more efficient than humans , we 'll all live happily ever after with them working for us . 
  we could all of us just get rid of the machines and work on everything with our own hands , though that 's no longer competitive work and we should n't do that , those who want this are free to live like people used to live before the industrial revolution , working the fields everyday for sunrise to sunset just to prevent starvation ( and even that could n't prevent them from starving as there could be bad crops , adverse weather conditions , diseases and so on ) . 
  i doubt such a day will ever arrive , a day where men are replaced by machine and can no longer improve their lives better than the machines themselves do it , though if that day does arrive , it sounds to me it will be a great place to live , that sounds like post-scarcity to me so i do n't know , but still , one can dream , no ? 
   i 'm saying we can improve even further . 
  that 's very nice . 
  improve to what ? 
  i mean , seriously , what exact measures do we need to take ? 
  how can you possibly improve the system ? 
   another point is that we do n't need someone to control us . 
  we do n't , capitalism proved that and even more , that not only we do n't need control but also that the best system is this one where people are free to pursue their own interests and not the goals given to them by those in charge . 
   you replace slave masters with feudal lords . 
  then you replace feudal lords with capitalists . 
  the comparison is just ludicrous . 
  feudal lords and slave masters treated their serfs as property , they were like the oxen and the machines , not like fellow human beings . 
  this in comparison with capitalism where you only work for whom you want to work and where you can just as well be the employer as opposed to the employee , i really do n't know why you think people are being exploited like that , after all , in a capitalistic system , only if both parties agree to it that there 's a transaction . 
  our ancestors which were serfs and slaves would roll in their graves if they heard us cry about oppression when we 're in a system in which we 're all free to do what we want . 
   but you do n't replace capitalists with angels . 
  you replace capitalists with people governing themselves . 
  which they will be quite capable of , given the right tools ( the internet . ), 
  so you 'll replace capitalism with capitalism ? 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; what exactly is people governing themselves if not capitalism , if not people pursuing their own aspirations and each and every individual working for / employing / trading with whomever they want ? 
   there has n't been one . 
  yet . 
  i hope you 're not one of those `` you ca n't say communism does n't work because it has never been tried - capitalism does n't work '' kind of people . 
   i can , actually . 
  i think it 's because they are spoilt by wealth and security . 
  they take things for granted , they have lost perspective . 
  true that . 
  though people ought to look at other societies where capitalism is n't present . 
  we need to learn from history and from the experiences of others , why do these people advocate that capitalism is bad when there are so many people all over the world which do n't have our economic freedom and civil liberties and therefore live in much worse conditions ? 
   there are lessons to learn and changes to make as a result of recent turmoil , but blaming capitalism is akin to throwing out the baby with the bathwater . 
  yes , the lessons we learned is that the state needs to keep a balanced budget , that it ca n't run these constant deficits , to get these massive levels of debt and to constantly delay its obligations . 
  [ this is hardly a lesson at all ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ycjytw3.jpg ) why do some people think this is a failure of capitalism when , on the contrary , it 's yet again another failure of government . 
  seriously , why do these people persist on `` capitalism is the problem , we need more government into the mix , they 'll solve our problems for us ! '', 
  when it was clearly never the case ? 
  blaming capitalism is akin to blaming the doctor for your bad lungs after years of smoking . 
   before capitalism came feudalism . 
  and colonialism , and slavery , and other systems . 
  yet so far none have triumphed over free enterprise and free trade . 
   and after capitalism will come something even better . 
  if people deciding for themselves what they want , tell me , who are these angels that will run things for us ? 
   opposing capitalism is like opposing an old car . 
  opposing capitalism is moronic , give me one single example of an alternative to capitalism which succeeded . 
  till you do that , you have no business in criticising the system which has so drastically improved the life quality of so many . 
   and these structural causes are what exactly ? 
  government interventionism , protectionism of the powers that be , regulation designed to make entry to the market more difficult , specials benefits and so on and so forth . 
  you know , the usual deal with interest groups trying to lobby the legislators to tilt things their favour . 
   countres with austerity like spain , portugal , greece , italy ? 
    welfare countries like germany , sweden , netherlands ? 
  you 're absolutely right but we 're massively oversimplifying things here , the first four countries you 've mentioned also have welfare states and the last three countries you 've mentioned also have an obligation of having a balanced budget , let 's not act as if the same rules did n't apply to all of us . 
   every single non-capitalist country in modern history has dwindled into terrible poverty and usually oppression . 
  other than this , makes sense . 
  but what about greed ? 
  where 's the virtue in capitalism ? 
  sorry , i ca n't do this , i ca n't understand why people still oppose capitalism : x, 
   developing our internet infrastructure and getting high speeds to everyone decreases poverty and inequality . 
  what exactly is the benefit of that and what exactly is the cost of that ? 
   also i find it very strange that rodrigo is the most given name in portugal . 
  i ca n't remember of a single person that i personally know called rodrigo . 
  i was expecting for jo\u00e3o to be the 1st name , since it 's so common . 
  i do live in the north , maybe in the south and on the islands rodrigo is a very common name . 
  same thing here , i also live in the north and rodrigo is n't that common here . 
  names like jo\u00e3o , jos\u00e9 , pedro , andr\u00e9 or bruno are far more usual . 
  though i do n't know if the difference is geographic , this data might regard only the newborns and not those among our generation which was born some ~ 20 years ago , this seems like a more likely explanation . 
   if it just was n't managed by such a bunch of complete and corrupt self-serving idiots whose grasp of even the most fundamental tenets of democracy is at best tenuous . 
  it 's nice to elect the right people , but that is n't the way you solve things . 
  the way you solve things is by making it politically profitable for the wrong people to do the right things . 
   obviously , since there 's still a deficit , they 're not getting enough money in with the 75 % tax rate , so they need to set it higher . 
  perhaps 95 % . 
  that 's sure to solve the problems . 
  you 're absolutely right , everybody needs to pay their fair share , i 'd say 99 % tax on all income , vat and corporate rates would be best , how else do you expect the state to pay for its bills ? 
  by spending less in the first place ? 
  how heretical !, 
  if you 're against this then you 're a greedy anarchistic traitor and france does n't need you . 
  just like it apparently did n't need the taxes that the  1m $ earners have been paying for years and are now no longer going to be around !, 
  vive la france !, 
   who is taxed at 75 % now ? 
  are n't you trying to tax incomes over 1m $ at 75 % ? 
   to be fair , investment and tourism in greece was very high while the lie was well maintained . 
  the same thing could be said about madoff 's ponzi scheme . 
  that 's not how you run a country , you ca n't think only in the short term !, 
  i do n't believe ana to be so low ( 5th ) on the portuguese list . 
  one in every two women must be ana , if not ana ( and in every list , there are pages filled with women called ana ) then it 's always names like adriana , susana , joana , mariana , anabela , diana , liliana , cristiana , fabiana , juliana , tatiana , and so on and so forth in that fashion . 
  i 'm guessing they 'll remember to tax some more people at 75 % to see if they 're enough suckers to actually remain in the country and when most do end up leaving then the government will be able to act like they actually tried to solve the budget . 
   oh , are you more enlightened and intelligent because of your birthplace ?
