   in addition , perfect free trade would , through comparative advantage , cause all production of a given good to be concentrated in one spot . 
  what about transportation costs and the like ? 
   so free world trade wo n't happen without political world union . 
  free world trade would be fine if everybody was willing to remove trade restrictions . 
  however , the second best thing is free trade for us , let others hurt themselves all they want , we should n't hurt ourselves just because others are doing the same . 
  while this is a good thing , it would be even better if we unilaterally removed trade restrictions . 
  why should we wait for the others to stop being protectionist to allow for free trade ? 
  if the others want to keep hurting themselves and are opposed to letting foreign goods in , it will be their loss , there 's no reason for us to do the same and hurt the consumers here as well . 
   i was referring to myself , as i can not speak for 82 million people . 
  and the few morons that went out and burned flags ( be it in cyprus or else ) also ca n't speak and do n't speak for the rest of their countrymen . 
   the russians wo n't take this lightly ... fortunately for us , we do n't have to pander to them . 
   rest assured , that the images of our burning flags will not be forgotten so easily . 
  that kind of generalisation makes just as much sense as the cypriots that burned flags as if all germans were at fault for their problems . 
   devalue the cypriot pound and rebuild your economy on tourism and exports . 
  surely it 's the least painful way . 
  i 'm sure they can live without massive oil prices and much higher costs on other imports . 
   you owe me a pair of ears . 
  i 'm sorry but here , listen to [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjvmu6yttiw ) !, 
   in capitalist systems the rich and powerful end up controlling the watchdogs why do we need watchdogs when we have the market system ? 
  of course that with a strong state that is in a position to give special benefits , people will try to get those and you 'll end up distorting things and those who 'll be better off will not be those who are the most productive but rather those who more easily cheat the system and can lobby the authorities . 
  but that 's not a flaw of capitalism , that 's a flaw of government . 
   around 70 % of the content on r/europe is shitposts . 
  10.1 % of statistics are made up on the spot . 
   all attempts to do a pure version of capitalism revert to crony capitalism . 
  hong kong , new zealand and switzerland seem pretty fine to me . 
   it 's like with all the versions of authoritarian communism are there other variants of communism ? 
  as in instead of enforcing redistribution of wealth under the threat of coercion , you 'd merely suggest it ? 
   who mentioned communism ? 
  what do you suggest then ? 
   you know very well this is n't the case - the majority probably earns little more than the minimum wage , believe me . 
  i was n't guiding myself from the statistics but rather from personal experience . 
  i mean , really , how many people you know earn only 485 $ / month ? 
   you are mostly powerless . 
  you 're even more powerless when the government restricts the labour market with this kind of regulation and when unemployment rises as a consequence . 
   the justice system is inefficient and prone to hand greasing . 
  and it takes years to get something through the courts , and you 're still highly unlikely to see any justice made . 
  still , i see no arguments for the minimum wage . 
   you 're just a little man being abused by the big corrupt man , unless you start being corrupt too , which many do . 
  unfortunately that too often is the case but again , the minimum wage does nothing in this regard . 
   do you think the people who worked in a fab which conveniently was `` burnt down '' right before the company declared bankruptcy will ever see their 3 months delay in salaries ? 
  as of now i 'm much more worried with the only person in my house that has a job having his salary 1 month delayed and going now to the 2nd month . .  `` oh , but they should have gone to the correct authorities to help them get their money back ! '', 
  that 's a problem of the justice system . 
   `` oh , but they should have left their job as soon as the shit started hitting the industrial fans ! '', 
    and go where ? 
  what job ? 
  you do n't get unemployment fund if you quit yourself . 
  a lower or no minimum wage ( and lower taxes , fewer restrictions , less bureaucracy , yada yada ) would help in reducing unemployment and solve these problems . 
   it all works perfectly in the correct cultures , but not in our culture . 
  that `` culture '' thing is a mistake , people act in accordance to the environment they 're in - if we had laws and a society based of work , opportunity and self-reliance , we 'd all be better off , there 's nothing intrinsically better about the germans or the people of hong kong or the yankees and there 's nothing wrong with us portuguese or the greeks or the venezuelans , it 's simply that on the first case it 's much harder to live at the expense of others and much easier to keep the product of your labour whereas here and in other countries now going through difficult times you have a state constantly helping people at the expense of some other people and the whole economy starts failing with people pointing fingers and it becoming increasingly difficult for the people to improve their own lives through honest work . 
   knucle-headed bosses would take advantage of the absence of minimum wage ( shit , they already do with recibos verdes ) . 
  then remove all the restrictions as well , make it so that everybody can become a boss and so that if people have a hard time finding employment for themselves , they can create their own . 
  i know this is much more difficult to do than how i 'm saying it but the principle is there - remove the restrictions , allow the free market to operate and see the unemployment tumble down while actual incomes raise . 
  estonia did it , poland did it , chile did it , south korea did it , germany did it , hong kong did it , australia did it , hungary did it , new zealand did it , india did it . . 
  i 'm guessing we wo n't be the exception . 
   no , this would n't benefit portugal the slightest . 
  it could create more jobs but what 's the point of working if you ca n't even feed yourself ? 
  oh , i do n't know , perhaps so that you can get some actual income without having to rely on the state ? 
  perhaps so that you can get something on your cv ? 
  perhaps so that you can learn new skills and meet people in the field ? 
  perhaps so that the rest of society can also benefit from what you 're producing rather than being a burden on the rest of society that requires the help of the state ? 
  what would help portugal then ? 
  more youth unemployment ? 
  more difficulties for people proving their worth on the job market ? 
  more expenses for the state through unemployment subsidies ? 
  more social unrest ? 
  more restrictions for people to find a job ? 
   i mean , portugal 's minimum wage is already a joke because you ca n't possibly live by it if you happen to live in a biggish city . 
  so you 'd raise it to what ? 
  500 $ / month ? 
  600 $ / month ? 
  800 $ / month ? 
  according to your logic that we need protection from ourselves or else we might work for too little pay , this would be a good policy !, 
  i mean , why would you bother if the minimum wage here was raised to 800 $ / month ? 
  while you do admit that it could cause some unemployment , i 'm sure you 'll keep playing that tune of `` the bosses will take advantage , we need to force them to pay out more through increasing the minimum wage '' , right ? 
  really , why do n't we raise it to 800 $ / month ? 
  it would only amplify its currents effects and if you support it for 485 $ you should also support it for 800 $ , if you think it 's a joke as it is , why do n't we raise it ? 
   sorry but no . 
  portugal 's problems are much deeper than simply having a minimum wage . 
  unfortunately you 're right . 
  if only it were that simple . 
   we should start by cleansing the political and banking filth elite and then start opening people 's minds to another type of culture . 
  that wo n't happen , sadly . 
  though what also should n't happen is raising the minimum wage . 
  heck , look at germany , they 're doing fine and so far they 've done it all without it . 
   so you think that one should only look at his monetary costs and benefits in life and leave friends and family behind because he gets 200 $ more per month 2000km away ? 
  no , i only want those who support the minimum wage to experience first hand its actual results . 
   apart from that - you have to learn a new language and possibly a new cultur to live in which is kind of hard . 
  you 're right but there 's no need to go that far . 
  heck , even to move within germany or portugal presents some serious challenges , you lose contact with people from your own town , you need to find a place to stay in the new city , yada yada yada . 
  anyway , the point i was making is that the minimum wage is a very short-sighted policy and that timey16 is free to come here and see its effects on the living standards of those who are worse off . 
   that depends entirely on your view of what is in the public interest . 
  it 's is my view that what 's in the public interest is to further the free market and individual liberties and not to restrict people 's freedoms to do whatever they please whenever they are n't causing harm to third parties . 
  the minimum wage is an obvious example of price controls and of restricting both workers and employers of doing what they think is best for themselves - society would be better off if it were abolished . 
  to add insult to injury , it 's a policy that makes the poor poorer and restricts the ability of those who are worse off of having any chance at a decent employment , condemning younger less fortunate people and unskilled immigrants to unemployment . 
   even the german government is now moving towards a minimum wage . 
  because it 's politically profitable . 
  because so many people think you can make a law and then suddenly everybody will earn more . 
  they 'll only be hurting themselves like we 're already doing . 
   if germany eliminates this competitive advantage it will be better for the eurozone and to germany 's detriment . 
  the eurozone will not benefit from it .
