  united states of europe sounds awful , let 's not copy the usa in this regard . 
  european union , european federation , federal republic of europe , europa , united kingdom of europe , union of european socialist republics ... these all sound much better than just use !, 
  ... they said they wanted european supremacy again !, 
  what 's r/europe 's take on this ? 
  should it try it sooner rather than later or should we not try it at all ? 
  i 'm assuming it 's because the whole thing is targeted for young people , but you 're right , 
  greece love your pets ... ? 
  i 'm guessing he 's one of those animal rights dude :p, 
  i even called the link the onion , you realize they make satire , right ? 
   portuguese - about 776,000,000 results ( 0.40 seconds )   portugese - about 270,000,000 results ( 0.30 seconds ) yeah , it 's all too common . 
  do n't worry too much about it though :p, 
  i do n't know , i 'm guessing they 'll be posted [ here ] ( http://eyp.org/page.12.783.poll-archive.html ) some time in the future . 
   furthermore , any chance you 'd want to be in the '' person who invited you '' field ? 
  nah , i just found this on my facebook feed an though it was interesting to share here . 
  txampion , you know what to say . . 
  in the english language , it 's * portuguese * and not * portugese * . 
  what do you mean ? 
  it would be best for our image if they could just lecture us on how to run europe ? 
  seriously , fuck their patronizing attitude , barroso may have its flaws but he 's right !, 
  they should look in the mirror before trying to teach us a lesson !, 
  say what you want about him , he 's damn right !, 
  edit : [ the video on his youtube channel ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tgevoosirg&amp;feature=g-u-u ), 
   russia is seen as more benevolent than germany even they found it funny : http://i.imgur.com/ujnep.jpg http://i.imgur.com/e7jg3.jpg, 
  swedes we are no longer , russians we do not want to come , let us be finnish . 
  - adolf ivar arvidsson is google right ? 
  could you make a video like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjungbklofe ) here ? 
  or [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxvdu2evysg ), 
   do you really drink beer at school and the whole day ? 
  the drinking age here certainly is n't 21 , it might be that . 
  here 's it 's 16 and it 's never enforced , but yeah , it 's not like it 's a common occurrence to go wasted to school . 
  who would ever confuse you with germany ? 
  [ i mean , you do n't even have the same language !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr7zhnctf4c ), 
  that sounds cheesy . . 
  what about finland ? 
  will it be incorporated in scandinavia or you 'll leave them to the ruskies ? 
  falklands is not argentina, 
   and they do n't eat the poo-poo . 
  they are the poo-poo . 
  yet their public debt was higher than ours . 
  portugal 1 - usa 0, 
  remember that one time when they gave aid to andorra thinking it was an african country ? 
  xd [ the onion ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q_iqrvnc_4 ), 
  their education system is a joke and other countries ' news are never on tv . 
  everything about [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cwiv8.jpg ) picture is just so wrong . . 
   any thoughts on whether that 's accurate ? 
  there 's plenty of counter-examples for that , like latvia having low eu trust or finland or the netherlands having plenty of confidence in the union . 
   as soon as you 're a member of one or another , you 're either more or less worthy . . not necessarily , you 're different , that 's for sure , everybody is , but claiming x or y is superior or inferior is silly , who can even be the judge of that ? 
  rather than pretending we 're all equal ( which we clearly are n't ) we choose to focus on the similarities and to learn from different experiences , there 's nothing wrong with that , at least imo , it looks like it can be a very positive experience . 
  sure , some people focus on the differences with bad intentions , being them hatred , fear or simply for personal gain , for example , but that 's no reason to pretend that differences at all do n't exist . 
  just call them on their bs , educate them or demonstrate to them why it 's harmful or wrong to focus on those issues . 
  by refusing to address the issue you really are n't helping much in preventing further conflicts based on difference . 
  just tell the greek empire was nothing , it should be the macedonian empire because of alexander the great , they 'll be real mad xd, 
   it might be better to kick out a few countries let 's ignore the economical and political consequences of this for a second and just focus on the premise . 
  would the leaders of the eu ever even suggest it is better to break up what they 're trying to achieve ? 
  that 's insane , it would be like , for example , cameron saying that if the falklands gets into debt or proves to be more trouble than it 's worth it , the uk would no longer support it and would kick it out , not allowing it to be an overseas territory of the uk . 
   perhaps saving the euro is , but in it 's current form ? 
  their current goal is very easy to perceive - to preserve the eu as it is now , to keep everything we already have in place and to ensure the long term stability of all of the eu . 
  as for their methods or what they should to , that can be up for debate , but the options you 're mentioning of kicking out countries , destroying the single currency or any other alternatives that involve going back on the european integration are , as of now , simply off the table for them . 
  lol , where do you think i got the text for my post ? 
  by copypasting it , i ca n't type greek characters . 
  yeah , that might be it . 
  though , to be fair , it 's not only because we 're worse , i mean , some policies , cap being the worst example , were really harmful for us ( cap essentially nuked our agriculture , iirc now less than 3 % of our gdp comes from the primary sector - they were trying to reduce agricultural output when we needed to increase it ) but considering the money that for so long poured in from the eu , it surely was enough to make up for that and a whole lot more . 
  the eu basically has always been there for us , even with its flaws ( which never were that serious , not when compared to the national ones ) , it certainly helped us a lot , we ca n't criticize it much , it would be like biting the hand that for so long fed us . 
  too bad the video is n't on 120p, 
   why drag the rest of the eu in it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's to avoid an europe running on two speeds . 
  yeah , i also agree it 's kinda inevitable at this point but i guess they still want to at least try it , i mean , nothing wrong in attempting to reach compromise , even though some countries are less than enthusiastic with this idea , right ? 
  as for the euro , that is the official currency of the union and the other currencies are not their business , they obviously have to focus more on that one . 
  i 'm sure rompuy is just being cautious and trying to reach a commitment with the whole of the eu , they 'll surely be willing to compromise with even the most skeptical of countries . 
  we 'll have to wait and see . 
  dude , they 're not interested . 
  no need to lecture them , they can make decisions on their own and are responsible enough to live with their choices . 
  drop it . 
  not really , i mean , if we trust the eu it 's certainly not for barroso having left mid-term , now is it ? 
  not to mention that , because of that , santana lopes got the power , did one lousy job and we were ruled by the socialist socrates till last year . 
  and look at where that got us . 
  no , that 's certainly not why we trust the eu . 
  yeah , the gap 's too large . 
  what about portugal , netherlands , estonia and slovakia , what are their percentages ? 
  i do n't know about that , but they should have had a referendum , perhaps they would n't be such whiners . 
  turkey is in the negotiation process to get in , norway and switzerland are not . 
  sure , norway and switzerland are far more likely than turkey to join the eu in the next 50 years or so , but i guess they 're just following protocol . 
  the french and germans ca n't possibly trust the eu the same way the british do . 
  they certainly do n't support as much euroskeptic parties . 
  on the other hand , damn , i though more people were like us , who trust in europe . 
  i mean , sometimes we even trust in the eu more than in ourselves , but damn , no wonder all the euroskepticism sometimes strikes me as odd . 
  wtf is wrong with that link ? 
  i recently discovered how sensitive and easy to troll some greeks are , you only need to mention macedonia for some of them to burst in nationalistic rage . 
  guys , op is a troll . 
  a quite obvious one . 
  it would be highly illegal and the people who gave that order in clear violation of the treaties and laws in place would certainly have to face the judicial system . 
  [ we are happy with the choice of greek people - van rompuy 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrqpyrg3be4 ), 
  my point was , how is the server location at all relevant ? 
  portugal , only 13 % said we should emphasise on free trade and market economy ? 
  the lowest of the union ? 
  wtf ? 
  bulgaria 46 % , latvia 55 % , lithuania 53 % and romania 41 % , damn , it 's sad that only those that for so long did n't have it , actually value it !, 
  enjoy your cold xd, 
  requesting map sauce,
