  it seems you 're not being austere enough , how difficult is it to sharply cut public spending and also public revenue ? 
  it 's not a free lunch you get from the government , you know , for them to spend money on you they must first tax money from you , at the end of the day you 're just giving away money for those who lobby the best and for those who work within the system . 
   i say this as a citizen of a country that has fired teachers , but it 's seeking the olympic games . 
  it seems to me your democratically elected politicians have their priorities completely screwed up . 
  i just do n't understand how one can blame germany or a market free from government intervention in any of this . 
   and they want to make deregulate the jobs market more . 
  [ labour freedom ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pxpkhoe.png ) in portugal and in switzerland - ( [ source ] ( http://www.heritage.org/index/ ) ) [ unemployment rate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m3afau7.png ) in portugal and in switzerland - ( [ source ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ ) ) see any correlation ? 
   the solution for every problem is more profits . 
  the cause for the spanish unemployment rate over 25 % is indeed an highly restrictive labour market and the solution is liberalisation . 
  sure , you can reduce unemployment by digging ditches and filling them back up but that would n't create any value to society , if you want actual wealth , you must not restrict the market . 
  one does n't even need to look at switzerland to understand that . 
   we mostly respect germany for not failing as we have done , but also hate it for asking the government to cut so many social benefits . 
  that 's no reason to hate anybody , you 're free to keep as many social benefits as you want . 
  they 'll probably just stop lending you their money , that will be about it . 
   we hate them for being our bosses again , spain and every other country can at any time leave the eu and refuse any loans by germany or any other country . 
  to blame them for the shit spanish politicians accomplish is outright dishonest . 
   frankly i think this is totally justified , she has been one of the most ardent supporters of a policy that has quite proven not to work already . 
  it 's either austerity or bankruptcy . 
   why germans continue to vote for her is confusing to me . 
  because they rather not vote for populist scoundrels like we did and rather not go the way of portugal , spain and greece . 
   syria is a giant mess . 
  pretty much all of the middle east is a massive cluster-fuck . 
  since you also find these issues interesting , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2yanhk4pce ) 's a great three-part vice documentary about egypt after morsi . 
  you do raise valid points though i 'm not sure if actual intervention will achieve anything meaningful . 
  and even from france 's perspective , war is quite unpopular and expensive , i do n't know if they 're willing to go on ahead despite countries like the uk backing down from actual military action . 
   they were n't eager to go back . 
  what makes you think they 're eager to go back into syria ? 
  popular opinion is clearly against it and they already got entangled in libya and mali . 
   france has a very long history of getting involved in the affairs of its former colonies . 
  this is just something that they do . 
  what about the vietnam war ? 
   if we did there would be riots nationwide . 
  considering the riots you did n't have with regards to the wars in iraq , afghanistan and libya and also concerning the transgressions the us government has been committing recently , i really doubt that statement . 
  that anthony bourdain video was probably the most depressing video ever , what a bunch of nonsense , so they hate some crappy crab in some shacks and some socialists whined and moaned about the country , how shitty . 
  you should see anthony bourdain in brazil or in other countries where they have it much worse and yet they all have a good time there . 
  ca n't say i 'm too surprised . 
   ich bin ein berliner no , for fuck sake , please do n't post that nonsense populist bullshit . 
  [ thread to that video right here on r/europe ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/130m3k/portugal_vs_germany_taxes_and_more/?limit=500 )  ended up being banned from public exhibition in germany . 
  not true , it was simply not allowed to be shown in an outdoor somewhere . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
   chemical weapons are far more serious than conventional weapons it 's seems to me you 're belittling the pain and suffering that conventional weapons can cause . 
  with a google search you 'll find plenty of videos from syria with people with their limbs blown off , women bleeding to death and maimed children . . if we ignore this and only react when chemical weapons are used i 'd say we have a pretty fucked up moral compass . 
   if assad decided to use his chemical weapons more liberally tens of thousands would die in a matter of days . 
  and if he continues to use conventional weapons , tens of thousands will continue to suffer and die in a matter of months . 
  and the same can be said about the rebels or a potential un-lead invasion . 
   so that means we should n't even attempt anything ? 
  attempt what ? 
  you 're the one advocating action , what kind of action exactly ? 
   but when civilians are being killed with poison gas a matter of miles away from our borders we 're supposed to sit on our hands ? 
  what does it matter that it 's with poison gas ? 
  is killing with conventional weapons ok now ? 
  and what about the rebels who are also executing and beheading people not even affiliated with al-asad 's regime ? 
  and how exactly will you improve the life of the syrian people , will it be with bombings or with troops on the ground ? 
  the way you 're talking it 's as if this was a white and black issue when it 's all just different shades of grey . 
    ft.com articles are only available to registered users   great . 
  here , to avoid the pay-wall :  us , france and britain gear up for cruise missile strike on syria   the us , britain and france are pressing ahead with plans for a 48-hour cruise missile attack on selected syrian military assets at the end of this week , amid signs that financial markets are becoming nervous over the heightened tension in the region . 
    as syria vowed on tuesday to use `` all means available '' to counter a us-led assault on president bashar al-assad 's regime , western officials said their defence chiefs would deploy sea-launched cruise missiles to attack syria . 
  officials said they would not be targeting suspected chemical weapons locations but a limited range of air force and army sites . 
    david cameron , the uk prime minister , and french president fran\u00e7ois hollande will convene their governments ' national security councils to help finalise plans for the attack . 
  mr cameron recalled parliament for a debate on the matter on thursday . 
    the us said it would soon publish new intelligence information on last week 's chemical weapons attack in eastern damascus that would point to the assad regime 's guilt . 
  the attack prompted the drive for military action . 
    oil prices rose sharply higher and share prices tumbled globally in volatile trading on tuesday as momentum built for military action . 
  the price of benchmark brent oil jumped 3.3 per cent to a six-month high of $ 114.35 a barrel -- the sharpest daily rise this year . 
  the ftse all-world share index dropped 1.4 per cent to close at its lowest since early july . 
  the s&p 500 was down 1.42 per cent . 
    wall street 's `` fear gauge '' , the cboe vix index , which measures expectations of stock market volatility , hit a two-month high . 
    western states advocating intervention were given important support from the arab league , which blamed mr assad for the damascus assault that killed more than 300 people . 
    a statement issued after a meeting of the league 's permanent representatives gave no evidence to support its conclusion and made no mention of military action . 
  but the league held syria `` fully responsible for the ugly crime and demands that all the perpetrators of this heinous crime be presented for international trials '' . 
    walid muallem , syria 's foreign minister , denied damascus was responsible for last week 's attack and on tuesday challenged the west to prove its allegations . 
    `` if they have any evidence of our use [ of such weapons ] , i challenge them to show this evidence to [ global ] public opinion , '' he said at a press conference in damascus . 
  `` it 's the right of public opinion to know the truth of these allegations . ''   chuck hagel , us defence secretary , said in a bbc interview on tuesday that the us military was `` ready to go '' if president barack obama gave the order to attack . 
  `` we have moved assets in place to be able to fulfil and comply with whatever option the president wishes to take , '' mr hagel said . 
    the obama administration has continued to build support at home and abroad for an attack , emphasising that such action would be short , lasting perhaps two to three days , and designed solely as a response to the use of chemical weapons , not an intervention in the civil war . 
    mr obama has spoken to the leaders of the uk , france , canada and australia . 
  white house officials have also briefed congressional chiefs , with no substantive pushback so far from either republican or democratic leaders on capitol hill . 
  congressional leaders have demanded the white house consult them fully , a form of words which underlines they are not insisting congress vote on and approve any strike . 
    mr hollande said france was `` ready to punish those who took the appalling decision to gas innocents '' , echoing us and uk opinion when he said that such a violation of international law provided sufficient legal justification for intervention . 
    stephen harper , canada 's prime minister , agreed that the use of chemical weapons in syria merited a firm international response , a spokesman for mr harper said . 
    italy , however , said it would only support military action authorised by the un security council . 
  emma bonino , foreign minister , told parliament : `` italy will not take active part in any military action . 
  beyond the context of the security council , which for us is and remains the only point of legal reference that can not be ignored . ''   russia and china have repeatedly used their security council vetoes to block un action against damascus . 
  on tuesday they warned strongly against a western-led strike on syria in response to the alleged use of chemical weapons , arguing it would be dangerous , irresponsible and could have `` catastrophic consequences '' . 
    mixed signals came out of iran , a longtime syria ally . 
  hassan rohani , the new president , tweeted on tuesday : `` we completely and strongly condemn [ the ] use of chemical weapons in syria '' , adding that the international community should `` use all its might to prevent use of chemical weapons anywhere in the world , especially in syria '' . 
    mohammad-javad zarif , the foreign minister , urged western countries to avoid `` hasty decision-making '' about syria , warning military action could worsen the situation . 
  however , in a phone conversation with his german counterpart , guido westerwelle , on tuesday , mr zarif condemned the use of chemical weapons in syria and called for the `` finalisation of [ the ] un investigation in this regard '' . 
    but abbas araghchi , a foreign ministry spokesman , warned against any attack , saying it would have `` dangerous ramifications and serious consequences for the region '' . 
    un weapons inspectors in syria on tuesday postponed a visit to a site of last week 's alleged chemical weapons attack because of security fears . 
  `` considering the complexities of the site , confirmation of access has not been obtained , '' a statement said , adding that approval was expected later in the day . 
    the un team 's convoy was shot at on monday as it sought to enter the town of mouadamiyah in the ghouta region ringing the capital , to which inspectors later returned . 
    one of the factors holding the us back from military intervention has been divisions within the syrian opposition . 
  according to reuters , opposition officials have been meeting us and western envoys in istanbul and been told to prepare for negotiations on transition . 
    `` the americans want to know that we are ready to deal with the consequences of such a strike , '' said najib ghadbian , a member of the main opposition umbrella group the syrian national coalition . 
    another official from the group said emails were being circulated within the coalition asking if there was a plan in the event of a strike triggering regime collapse , suggesting the opposition still has some way to go in its preparations . 
   on one hand , portugal needed some of this infrastructure back then ( tr\u00e1s-os-montes had terrible roads ) . 
  yes , and now it has plenty of unused roads . 
  sure , it 's fine and dandy when i go to my village and i can drive for some 30min without finding any single car on the highway ( either on the side i 'm going or on the other side ) but the massive expense that went for this wo n't in 100 years have any positive returns . 
  oh , and when i was a kid i still could go to tr\u00e1s-os-montes , sure , the roads were shittier and i 'd often get sick from driving around the mountains and it was always turning , but so what , at least then we were n't all some thousands of euros poorer because there were n't highways everywhere .
