  the only solution i see is closure . 
  antena 1 and the like would survive . 
  as for antena 2 , i do listen to it and actually enjoy it but i much rather have lower taxes , a better chance at employment and better purchasing power than a state-owned classical music radio . 
   tl ; dr - we 're fucked . 
  i highly doubt we will make any profit in privatizations . 
  i 'm more concerned about the losses we 'll continue to incur if we do n't sell our state-owned companies . 
   no one wants to buy shit . 
  everything has its price , i 'm sure we could sell those . 
   trade with china is ridiculously unbalanced . 
  and ? 
  luxembourgian trade with germany is ridiculously unbalanced , maltese trade with italy is ridiculously unbalanced , estonian trade with the uk is ridiculously unbalanced - yet all these countries have no trade restrictions whatsoever among themselves . 
   there is no reason to believe that any fta would change that . 
  the goal of an fta is n't ( or should n't be ) to try and balance trade . 
  it is ( or should be ) to open up markets and allow for citizens of different countries to engage in trade free from government intervention and to allow for greater economic prosperity as everyone suddenly has access to broader markets with greater variety of products and at lower costs . 
   they can raise taxes or lower expenses , both will result in more unemployment . 
  you can lower expenses and not end up with unemployment . 
  sure , public sector workers might earn less and sure , some of the functions of the state might shift to the private sector , but no , not all public spending generates employment . 
   we 're too deep in the death spiral to fix this . 
  the way you 're talking , it 's as if portugal is a war-torn country . 
   on the other hand , you do n't have a job . 
  on the other hand , if you buy more from abroad , they 'll have more euros to spend and you 'll have a job because they 'll eventually spend those euros . 
   i 'm not talking about free trade , i 'm talking about free trade with china . 
  what about china ? 
  why is it any different from the fta agreements we are trying to pursue with countries such as the usa , japan or india ? 
   not necessarily a good thing . 
  yep , a revolution would certainly be better . 
   a lot of people do n't seem to be a fan of these governments like in portugal . 
  whatever happened to revolution ? 
  revolutions were replaced with something called democratic elections . 
  a lot of people still do n't fancy these governments but at least now we know they 're backed by the majority of the voters . 
   why does everyone forget ireland ? 
  :( that 's a good thing , bro :p, 
   well surely you need a public broadcaster , no ? 
  no , we do n't , they do the exact same thing that the privately-owned stations we have already do . 
  the only thing the public broadcasters do that the others do n't is being an expense for the taxpayers . 
   my prediction after 2 months : `` sorry , our math does n't check out ( again ) , new tax hikes for everyone ! '', 
  i seriously hope not . 
  if anything , they should lower taxes and balance the budget with even more spending cuts - our unemployment problem is getting too serious and as of now that 's far more critical than the consequences of some across-the-board cuts in government spending . 
   just because policy is successful somewhere does n't mean it could be adopted everywhere . 
  then present a valid argument against free trade . 
   just because some animals , like eagles , benefit from having wings does n't mean others , like humans or elephants would . 
  speak for yourself , i 'd like to have the choice of having wings . 
  anyway , that 's a stupid as fuck analogy . 
   free trade with every other countries , no question asked is also what eu treaties negotiator have gotten us , and that is something a mahority of people probably oppose for good reason . 
  the majority of the people oppose lower prices ? 
   what would be the benefit ? 
  closing even more factories here ? 
  [ oh , i do n't know ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=benefits+of+free+trade ) . . 
   10 minutes until the pm addresses the nation , possible increase in taxes for everyone to be announced . 
  yay !, 
  [ no new tax hikes ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/governo-nao-aceita-aumentar-mais-os-impostos_166431.html&amp;act=url ) !, 
   i agree , but if the government did next to nothing on those fronts in almost two years , how will they do it in six months ? 
  do n't ask me as i do n't have a clue , i just want them to not increase taxes and make the economy and employment decrease even further . 
   free trade with iceland will not upset the chinese economy because there are only 12 people in iceland . 
  ahah , true that . 
  regardless , i think it 's a good measure by the chinese . 
   the eu is the largest economic bloc on the planet , and has significant potential to affect the chinese economy if they lack the insulation of their current protectionist policies . 
  they could abolish all trade barriers and still be highly protectionist just from the fact that they 're constantly devaluing their currency . 
  which is utterly silly , they 're almost working for free for the rest of the world and they 'd be much much better off if they allowed their currency to appreciate , their purchasing power would increase dramatically . 
  we 'd have to pay considerably higher prices for their products but we 'd most definitely still buy plenty of them just like we still import quite a lot from countries such as the usa or australia . 
  oh well , it 's like they want to be the sun in the parable of the candlestick makers . 
  as long as we do n't engage in the protectionism they 're engaged in , i guess we 'll be great . 
   yeah but also back then sun never set in great britain . 
  its a bit different now . 
  a lot of the colonies were kept at a loss . 
  anyway , some other good nowadays examples that were never big and that benefit from free trade are for example new zealand , hong kong , singapore and chile . 
   there 's no way they cut a billion euro on health and education mid year . 
  even raising taxes gain sounds impossible to me . 
  i say it 's about time we privatise the public tv and radio stations , the public airline , the public transportation systems , yada yada - i do n't know if that 's constitutional but it 's worth a try , those companies keep on piling debt and we 'd be better off if they were n't adding to the tax hikes . 
   those basic constitutional principles to which everyone here adheres to , are now seen as incompatible with the way society is restructuring itself . 
  the europeans constitutions vary greatly among them . 
  [ here ] ( http://app.parlamento.pt/site_antigo/ingles/cons_leg/constitution_vii_revisao_definitive.pdf ) 's the portuguese one . 
  if you ask me , yes , a lot could be changed there . 
  the bits that say that the state must actively intervene in the economy must go . 
  it 's definitely not as bad as [ our original constitution of 1976 ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http://www.parlamento.pt/parlamento/documents/crp1976.pdf&amp;act=url ) but still it 's quite bad and it 's getting in the way of the reforms meant to reduce the scope of the government and to liberalise the economy . 
   maybe the social model being put forth by the eu is not really going to be better than it was and is a free fall from here . 
  oh , come on , why are you always this pessimist ? 
  we are where we are because of the mess our governments have done , and now that we 're trying to reform things , `` bwaa we 're in free fall '' . 
   benefitting only the wealthy elites . 
  yeah , fuck the rich !, 
  how dare them be rich ? 
  everything was fine and dandy till they came along and lobbied our government to go on a spending spree !, 
  the least they could have done was ask them to also levy the taxes required for the things they were doing !, 
  but no , fucking rich people who wanted something for nothing from the state , it was them that made our government spend what it did n't have and now we 're all paying for it !, 
   why then continue such project ? 
  it 's obvious the people will reject it and will push to leave this false union . 
  odd that you say that considering all the major political parties are pro-eu . 
  anyway , the eu is n't that bad , not as bad as portugal at least , and this portuguese project has been kicking for a couple of centuries . 
   i 'm not saying that free trade is bad , i 'm saying that free trade restricts the control a country has over its economy , and so china will not be able to currently enter into an fta with the eu as they would lose too much control of their economy . 
  if iceland is signing one , i 'm sure the eu can also pull something off . 
   if not , well , too bad , i guess . . though we 'll still can and should act to remove all trade restrictions . 
   free trade with china probably would n't work , since china likes having strong control over their economy when the uk turned to free trade in the 1840s the rest of the world was strongly protectionist and still the uk prospered immensely . 
   to actually abide by free trade rules with the largest economic bloc in the world would remove a lot of that control . 
  if they want to harm themselves like they currently do , let them - as for us , we should n't try to restrict free trade here , we the consumers should n't have to pay for the mistakes they 're making over there . 
  ftas are good , sure , but unilaterally removing trade restrictions is also great and that 's the only way to go if others are n't willing to open up their markets - not we following the same retarded protectionist they sometimes pursue . 
   it relates to the topic in that it answer the claim of / u/uat2d that greece has an excessive government . 
  [ yeah , what a ridiculous claim ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-debt-to-gdp ) !, 
   so as i understand it , the problem of greece is that she had too little government . 
  yep , greece should have spent just a bit more , i 've heard that if greece had public debt of 250 % its gdp , it would have already surpassed [ finland ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/finland/government-debt-to-gdp ) in terms of economic growth and prosperity !, 
  how stupid the greeks are to stopping now and engaging in austerity , why do n't they listen to you and spend some more so that they can become rich like everybody else who got so indebted ?
