  if you know of a better alternative , present it . 
  dude , i 'm not arguing against socialized healthcare , i 'm arguing against the argument that seems to be that the state is more efficient than the private sector . 
  no , a state-owned healthcare is n't cheaper ( because where 's the incentive to minimize costs if the taxpayers will just pay for it ? ), 
  nor more efficient ( why would a bureaucrat try to provide the best for its patients if he 's paid the same and does n't benefit from more people choosing his hospital ? ), 
  than a privately-owned state-paid healthcare system . 
  dude , did you even read my post ? 
  i said that the police is n't a business , it ca n't be treated as such . 
  even if you tried to treat it as such , it would be impossible , it simply ca n't present profit . 
  what , you 'd charge people because there were no crimes like a protection racket ? 
  damn you people , you 're either anarchists or full-blown socialists . 
  yes , there is a need and a role for a state . 
  no , it should n't be to run the economy . 
  it 's not just because we ca n't devalue our way into paying our debts , it 's also because the countries you mentioned are presenting economic growth . 
  unlike the usa/japan/singapore / jamaica , portugal 's economy is n't growing and that can be a real issue . 
  we have a debt to gdp ratio over 100 % , if you add to that the interest rate of ~ 6 % / year , yeah , i also do n't know how we can grow more than 6 % / year , the minimum required only to cover the interest rates - which is precisely the reason why we need to severely cut back on the spending . 
  so your alternative is leaving the euro and leaving portugal isolated and without a strong currency ? 
  that would probably be even worse than defaulting !, 
  no , it 's not the german banks ' fault that we had governments getting into massive debts without having the means to pay them back , sorry , that 's mere populism and scapegoating . 
   - patients have no bargaining power on account of the fact that they are dying  - patients can not shop around for the best deal while suffering a bust appendix . 
  the closest hospital is the one that will be used . 
   - preventative care just does n't happen as often when there are upfront costs . 
  people want to ignore things as long as possible leading to problems spreading and becoming harder to treat . 
  it seems you did n't read my post when i said :  though i 'm of the opinion that most ( if not all ) of it should be government subsidized , as everyone should have access to it regardless of their financial situation in a time of need . 
  my system is indeed a privatized healthcare , though it 's irrelevant for the user if it 's privately or state owned , as in both cases , it 's paid by the taxpayers and at minimal or with no expense to the patients individually . 
   education has its own problems , namely that in a free market rich people spend more money on education for their children and poor people less . 
  this reduces social mobility , stops poor children from being able to work their way out of poverty due to lack of good education and causes many other problems . 
  what the heck , are you guys not reading my posts ? 
  i also said i was in favour of a state-funded education . 
  in fact , was n't it for state-funds , i would n't be able to afford university , and just like me , my parents as well . 
  what i 'm arguing for it for the private sector to own it and make it more much more efficiently and without being such a burden for the taxpayers , as the only expense for the state in this system would be to pay the tuition fees , the costs for the students individually would remain minimal . 
  again , in these examples of healthcare and education , i 'm all for making it available to everybody through the taxpayers , it 's just that it still can be a great burden to society and if you had private entities managing them and leave only the state to pay the bill , the whole process would be cheaper and/or of higher quality . 
   that 's a belief , not a fact . 
  at least try to refute my position like i tried to justify it . 
   even so , nothing prevents private healthcare providers to exist while you still have solidarity in a national health insurance . 
  no because it 's not a free market if the government has a monopoly on free healthcare . 
  you want solidarity , let the privates provide the service and let the state pay for it . 
  the state both owning it and paying for it leads to inefficiency ( and it shows ) while giving no extra benefits . 
   other things like railways simply do n't offer as much possibilities to privatize . 
  you ca n't let people build railways whereever they want and let them compete . 
  that 's just not possible . 
  the first railways in the uk and in the us were privately-owned . 
  though the times have changed and you 're right , they are n't as profitable as they were in the past . 
  though my point remains , the privates have more incentives to make it work more efficiently than the state . 
  if the privates ca n't provide it because it 's unsustainable and because demand is too low to make up for the costs , then it 's not the role of the state to continue to support it . 
  why should the taxpayer and companies all pay for a defunct railway system which ca n't even pay for its own costs ? 
  why would you increase taxes and therefore increase unemployment , reduce income and make the economy less competitive because of railways , because it 's nice to have a train every once in a while even though for the most part they travel around empty ? 
   but this government is in power for a year and a half , and the budget for next year is the direct consequence of the ~ ~ failed ~ ~ policies they followed since then . 
  unfortunately you ca n't cure a debt accumulated for well more than a decade in 1.5 years , even 4 years is putting it slightly optimistic , in the mean time there 's plenty of things of which we have no control and that can go wrong and delay us considerably . 
  this is n't only s\u00f3crates ' fault , it 's an heritage that dates back to cavaco and m\u00e1rio soares as pm . 
  the thing about s\u00f3crates is that he managed to do like they did and much worse . 
  even worse , by then we could no longer do like the former did and simply continue to devalue the escudo to pay for all of this . 
  and what do you mean by ` failed ' policies ? 
  that 's like saying betadine is a failure because it burns and does n't instantly patch up a leg that 's all scratched and roughed up . 
  nobody ever said the austerity measures would be easy and it would be done in no time - just keep in mind that the alternative is a default on our debt , which would be much worse than austerity will ever be . 
   they had every chance of implementing their plan , there was extremely little protest , there was no real opposition on the parliament , and what is the result ? 
  the country is worse then when they come to power . 
  all their policies failed , the debt is higher and the deficit , that was their only goal and the goal they kept saying was the reason for all the austerity is not the 4,5 % it should be , is not the 5 % of the troika revised target , is not even 6 or 6,5 is more than 7 % , why ? 
  was the ghost of socrates tormenting the dreams of the pm and not letting him work ? 
  again , it 's not something that can be fixed in two years and obviously there needs to be a restructuring of the workforce . 
  you ca n't afford supporting the massive state we had . 
  this will inevitably lead to a short term increase of unemployment and less income for the state . 
  the signs of recovery are starting to show up and exports are increasing - this might not be of any help to someone who lost his job but unfortunately the situation we had was unsustainable and did this is the fallout we 're experiencing . 
  it 's in everyone 's best interest to keep unemployment as low as possible , but we 're so under pressure because of the over 100 % of gdp debt and the economy not being able to grow that no help can be spared . 
  you 're absolutely right , a lot of mistakes are also being made , heck , the government increasing taxes now might hurt us much more in the long run than it might help them in the short term , but unfortunately it had to come to this difficult situation , a situation not fault of our current pm . 
   in 6 months when the country is in even deeper shit because of this budget that is by all accounts a insanity you will be saying is socrates fault ? 
  when does it stop being socrates fault and starts being thsi government retarded policies fault ? 
  the government is also making a lot of mistakes , trying to cut back on spending wo n't be one of them . 
  they have a four year term and we 're not even halfway in . 
  if by the end , things still are n't at least starting to be looking up , then they certainly fucked up badly along the way . 
  one thing i do know , we got in this debt because of government spending , it wo n't be government spending that will get us out of it . 
   with things like the police police is n't a business . 
  even if people could own and operate a police station , who would , if it 's profit is zero ? 
  other examples include courts , fire fighters , civil defence and the military . 
  arguing against this is arguing for anarchy and against the state . 
  that 's retarded , there needs to be a party that represents us all and that legislates and protects us , that ca n't be provided by a private entity . 
   or healthcare healthcare can perfectly be privatised , if it was , it would be much more efficient and less of a burden to society . 
  though i 'm of the opinion that most ( if not all ) of it should be government subsidized , as everyone should have access to it regardless of their financial situation in a time of need . 
  that way we 'd combine both the efficiency of a free market and make sure everybody has the access of it . 
  this certainly seems like a better alternative of a state-owned healthcare system which has much less incentives to keep the costs down and working properly . 
  another great example of this is education . 
  it should be available to all but there 's no need for it to be owned by the state as a bureaucrat can get away with doing a lousy job while asking for massive funding while a private entity has in his best interest to spend the least amount of money possible and to keep things efficient as the better the service he provides , the more he 'd profit from it and the more society would also profit as the service would be of better quality and a lesser burden to the taxpayer . 
  do n't you agree that a private entity is much better than the state in running a business ? 
   why is eu corruption meaningless ? 
  i meant to say meaningless like in the uk or in france as in , it 's not even mildly corrupt . 
  sure , there are a few cases here and there but that 's with everything , you ca n't prevent all corruption just like you ca n't all other crimes . 
  you mentioned something about an health commissioner , yeah , these things are bound to happen everywhere every once in a while - as long as everything is handled properly , thoroughly and justly , it should be fine , no ? 
   we collectively pay for the eu and i strongly object to the meps and others pissing money against the wall . 
  that 's true for everything and it should always be avoided . 
  this might not be the case there , but here the government tends to be much more inefficient than the eu one , we ca n't criticize the eu when our own government does much worse . 
  : s  cap is bad enough but to simply say `` suck it up it is irrelevant '' makes a mockery of it all . 
  cap is n't irrelevant and it is bad enough . 
  again , i agree with you , though this can be fixed with reform , not with leaving the union . 
  that would cost us much more than several , highly inefficient caps . 
   a friend gave me this link relating to the behaviour of the portuguese opposition party - to say the least i hope this behaviour never reaches the uk . 
  for your own sake , i agree . 
  damn socialists , not only did they fucked us up this bad , they still proudly hold their position that the government that rules best should rule over more and spend more , also , since they 're now in the opposition , they started acting as spoiled brats and constantly try to destabilize the government and make the people revolt against the spending cuts that the government has to make , cuts which we would n't have the need to do if it was n't for the socialist in the first place !, 
   as for fptp i know it is not a popular thing on reddit but it is still a democratically valid approach to conducting elections . 
  av and pr allow for broader democratic representation and minority parties but they do lead to problems of their own . 
  fptp is incredibly bad , it inevitably leads to a two party system and is very harmful to democracy . 
  av or pr are much much better .
