  in the second case , we 'd achieve nothing , though what i 'm for is democracy for the executive branch . 
   read up on `` separation of powers '' and why it 's a good idea . 
  and you should read up on democracy and why it 's not a good idea to have a vote once and then the people we voted for appointing whomever they want to positions of very high power . 
   government and prime minister should respond to the president and parliament , not to any particular party or coalition . 
  yeah , i 'm quite familiar to our constitution , i do n't see how it 's any relevant here . 
  and you have to be quite deluded to think our pms answer to all parties equally . 
   it 's worth noting that in some european countries , for instance in the netherlands , mps are not allowed to be in government . 
  to become pm or simple minister , a dutch mp has to resign his seat . 
  my point : members of government must be part of a campaign and voted upon . 
   unfortunately , the eu is still a union of sovereign nations , and there is one which will always veto moving the parliament to brussels . 
  i live in france , and although spansih myself , if i was to ask `` around me '' the overwhelming majority of people would be against such a removal . 
  that 's why we should have a vote , because it 's impossible to do anything with unanimity . 
  would you be opposed to a eu-wide vote on whether or not having the eu stopping its sessions in the strasbourg parliament ? 
   the alternative to a common agricultural policy would n't be no agricultural policy : it would be 27 different national agricultural policies , which would be neither more simple , nor less expensive . 
  [ citation needed ] . 
  though yeah , i 'm for an agricultural policy similar to that of new zealand . 
   moreover , the richest , least agricultural countries would be able to support their farmers more , to the detriment of the poorest , more agricultural nations . 
  like portugal . 
  and ? 
  i have relatives who were supported by cap first to change crops , which they did , and then to stop producing , which they did . 
  so wonderful that were having such troubles slashing public spending at home and continue seeing wasted on an eu level . 
   but reform it how ? 
  the cap has been reformed already quite a few times !, 
  `` a policy that we 've changed plenty of times in the past remains shitty , i guess we should n't change it any further '' . 
  nah , you may be right , it 's only some 45 % of the eu budget that 's being wasted and would serve us whole much better if it was n't taxed in the first place , but oh well , what can you do ? 
   what happens is that your average voter could n't care less what they do over there . 
  and also that even if everyone cared about it extensively , it would be impossible to control them , you only get a say every four years and you vote on people and not on any actual proposals . 
  so yeah , it 's no surprise that things like these become frequent , why bothering when you do n't have any say in it , you just pick a political party once every four years and kinda hope that they keep their promises even though they never do . 
   the commission was approved in a plenary vote of the european parliament , which we as eu citizens voted . 
  that is correct though you 're adding needless layers of bureaucracy . 
  do you see anything wrong with the commission being chosen by the people of europe themselves in suffrage or , alternatively , no commission so that the ep handles everything directly ? 
  one problem is , for example , i 'm quite sure plenty of portuguese would never vote for barroso though many choose indirectly because of the parties in the ep . 
   you do n't have a direct vote for the portuguese pm either . 
  we do n't need to , he 's simply a representative of the party/coalition that won the elections , if he had not won , he 'd be a mp . 
  the same ca n't be said about barroso , the current leader of the eu commission was n't a mep , the eu parties did n't campaign for him when the eu elections were going on . 
  as of now , the eu commission is an undemocratic gamble . 
   i do n't quite get your second question . 
  i mean the double seat issue . 
  that was n't democratic at all , heck , ask anyone in the eu if they support it and the overwhelming majority will say they 'd rather have a single seat and all that needless expense . 
   the cap is a hugely complex arrangement , going over thousands and thousands of pages of directives , regulations , etc. , etc. , etc. 
  very much the sort of thing which , quite simply , should never be put to a simple `` yes '' or `` no '' vote , even less in a referendum . 
  well , precisely because it is thousands of pages of directives and regulations and so complex and so expensive , the people of europe should have a say in it and not be held hostage to the whims of the agricultural lobby . 
  reform the cap then held it to vote , that way france would n't be able to veto it and say it was the uk doing them whatever , that way we 'd get what we want of slashing the eu budget and ending the protectionism in the agricultural sector - or not , depending on how the people choose . 
  the main issue is indeed the lack of democratic accountability , arguing against the people having a voice is arguing against democracy . 
   it 's not undemocratic did anyone here vote for the eu commission ? 
  did the citizens have a vote on the strasbourg parliament ? 
  did the people of europe held a referendum on controversial issues such as cap ? 
   you thoughtless amoeba . 
  why are you needlessly rude ? 
   even if the majority is scum it does n't mean there 's no good people in there . 
  an half-good half-rotten apple is still a rotten apple . 
  the eu as it stands is highly undemocratic and not accountable to the citizens it 's meant to represent . 
  it 's not enough to simply change the people , you must reform the whole system or else the eu will continue to go the way of the us federal government . 
  tyrion might not make it to berlusconi 's age , got characters are dying like flies . 
  they 're not as cool as srbija . 
   frankly most of this stuff is thinly veiled anti-islam sentiment . 
  who said anything about islam ? 
   you are n't allowed to steal cultural artifacts in a war . 
  it 's prohibited by the hague conventions . 
  at the time , the ussr did n't even sign the geneva convention , why would they care about any of that ? 
   30k subscribers and this sub is probably at its lowest level of quality posts and discussions on submissions . 
  i 'm guessing that 's because the moderation is n't banning enough people . 
   upvoting and downvoting evidently does n't work for quality control , one needs only look at / r/worldnews or / r/adviceanimals . 
  yet the community was much better than it was with the moderation regulating what 's allowed and not allowed to be post . 
  that argument is nonsense , you 've not had an increase in the number of memes and that kind of crap , what you 've got now is plenty of threads and the very few that can gather some comments are void of any actual discussion . 
   should we leave the trolls ruin this subreddit ? 
  what a joke , this subreddit was fine for the first two years i was here and only recently got ruined when the mods started the censorship because `` hurr durr we must ban people who say bad things '' . 
  i 'd rather have [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rwywxcu.png ) than a fucking lot of [ deleted ] on the comments . 
  before these mods came into the picture , those were the days , a self-regulating community , heck , the reason i had that pic was because i pm 'd txampion telling him that was n't funny and was actually kinda spammy and surely enough he stopped it and posted more creative content . 
   whatever about the rest , bezbojnicul is doing an excellent job activity wise as far as i can tell . 
  yeah , there 's three mods that are tolerable and all the others either inactive or too happy to ban users . 
   hahaha the last question :d it was the same the last time . 
   this video ? 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnjswpxjxns ) . 
   if you 're over 25 and you still go to nightclubs , you 're a dick . 
  you 're a dick and you look like a loser . 
  [ and if you do n't drink , you 're a boring cunt and all your stories suck ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17c5gwcoece ) . 
   the time is near . 
   abrupt abolishment of all trade barriers will hurt local workers eve if in the long run they benefit . 
  it may harm some but it will benefit others . 
  some may need to work in another field as imports will undercut them but others will have higher wages as imports for a certain industry become cheaper and therefore higher wages can be paid . 
   `` we do n't have a stronger friend and stronger ally than nicolas sarkozy , and the french people . '' - barack obama , jan 2011 . 
  [ lol ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5hmqduucrk ), 
   we ca n't have that since redistribution is only good when it helps the european 99 % , not the global 90 % . 
  the thing is , protectionism is n't good for europe , it 's harmful to everyone specially us . 
  the rest of the world may have one less customer , but europe gets much higher prices and lower purchasing power . 
  you can ask brazil if they 're benefit from their trade barriers with their 20 $ tomatoes . 
   trade is completely different since then . 
  ( ... ) faster travel and communication calls for faster trade . 
  ( ... ) gone should be the days of protectionism among friends . 
  ( ... ) acknowledging others as equals and that the future should be around trade . 
  i still fail to understand why you thinks it 's bad to abolish trade barriers unilaterally . 
   the argument has also been made that the uk leaving the eu would open a flood gate . 
  i 'm not opposed to an uk exit of the eu , if you want to leave , you should be free to do so . 
   germany and the uk ca n't solve all the eus ills and bail everyone out . 
  nor should they , imo . 
   do n't use us companies anymore . 
  there , problem solved . 
  even if one does n't use them , they 're still breaking the law . 
   he wants to make more of trade with the anglosphere , but he wants a trade agreement with europe too .
