  life expectancy increased tremendously in china , just like it plumetted in russia in the 90s . 
  before socialism , the future soviet states , china and cuba were ruled by either absolute monarchs , fascist leaders or foreign sponsored dictators . 
  but yes , democratically speaking few progress was made . 
  but as long as you ca n't prove that totalitarian governments necessarily follow socialist economies this really does n't prove anything . 
  so you moved from a turd sandwich to a giant douche and you 're happy with change ? 
  how about asking for a stable democracy , fundamental civil rights and freedom of trade ? 
  is this asking for too much ? 
   i 'm not the kind of socialist that denies human nature . 
  but , apparently , a society is possible that seek to ban poverty by force of law , versus societies that accept it . 
  maybe you prefer the latter , i do n't . 
  i 'm also interested in minimising poverty . 
  i just do n't go the easy and inefficient way of outlawing it , of going robin hood or of being charitable with other people 's money - i know that for you to actually have a chance of minimising poverty , you have to do the utmost to helping the poor getting out of their situation on their own and into one where they can sustain themselves without help . 
  it 's very easy ( and inefficient ) to take away from those who have a lot and give it to those with little , it actually takes work and commitment to give qualifications to the poor and allow them rise in life for themselves - and this is also the most sustainable way . 
  it 's like the old saying , give a man fish and you feed him for a day , teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime . 
   and what about racism and apartheid ? 
  is that part of human nature , because it certainly looked like it 50 years ago . 
  but then there were states , with the ussr as the avant garde , that proved it was n't . 
  switzerland and a lot of other countries also did n't have apartheid . 
  and they also had n't massive poverty and lack of civil rights , so it 's not like all were shit and the ussr did n't smell as bad , no , the ussr was a massive turd and all the good things you can point out about it also existed in much better places . 
   the west used anything except nuclear force in it 's fight against communism . 
  and the east used anything except nuclear force in its fight against capitalism . 
   that does n't mean inherent aspects of socialism did n't made it weak in the 80s , but then you ca n't also deny that inherent aspects of it made the ussr strong after the revolution till during and after the second world war . 
  the ussr could n't fail harder its main goal of building a stable prosperous society . 
   you 're understanding rest on a simple dychotomy `` socialism bad , free market good '' . 
  and while this might be supported by some theorists , while there are also a dozen others , it wont help you understand history . 
  i know history well enough to understand that never the communist dream came to fruition whereas the free market has constantly and always helped in providing for a better life quality for all parties involved . 
   it does , but they 're printing too much money that does n't exist , and everyone else has to pay for it . 
  it 's gone too far beyond the useful for stability and liquidity . 
  the city printing money ? 
   since you 're for massively lowering taxes , where does the money come from ? 
  from the money we 'll no longer spend in state companies and in subsidies . 
   if they have to pay taxes , they 're going to pay for it one way or the other . 
  but i mostly agree that the state should be the ones to educate them and so on , the problem is that then people from your side are still going to call them bums and cut the programs . 
  you 'll never hear me saying to cut in the quality of our education system . 
  heck , the only reason why i 'm in university is because of the state spending in this sector . 
   happened nowhere , ever . 
  that would be a prime reason for unemployment not to go down , btw . 
  what ? 
  the less people there are unemployed and the easier it is to find employment , the easier it is to get an higher wage . 
  there 's the bargaining power behind it , if unemployment is high you sometimes either accept the conditions or they wo n't take you in , if unemployment is low you 'll have more choice for employers and they 'll have less choice for employees , so yeah , wages/benefits would go up if unemployment went down . 
   which has n't happened anywhere either without social protection or on a market with very few qualified people . 
  wrong , it 's just supply and demand of labour . 
   i hope you 're not talking about private funds , otherwise i 'll point to you how it works in practice in the us : their money gets taken out because businesses need the money elsewhere . 
  no , i 'm talking about the laws being different to teachers and policemen and pilot and mayors and sometimes only applying to the last years on the job as opposed to the whole career . 
   but i think the issue is solved here with the increase in retirement age , huge decreases in health care quality and much higher costs . 
  while the retirement age does need to be increased to make it more sustainable , healthcare can remain similar to what it is today . 
  perhaps the costs less covered by society and more for the user but it wo n't change much . 
  i do n't know exactly how it will go down to be honest , this can be quite controversial as we have an ageing population and they have a very strong vote . 
   sure they can . 
  just cut whatever offers there are to the profitable ones . 
  you 'll get intercity trains from porto to lisbon , most of the metropolitan routes in porto and lisbon , but with much less availability , and there you go . 
  so much for mobility and only two cities will grow , but it 's profitable . 
  yeah , there needs to be a balance between the money we spend there and the benefit we take from it . 
   i 'm extremely unconvinced that transportation should be profitable by itself , there 's too much people left out . 
  and privatization usually ends very badly , like the train privatization in the uk . 
  that 's an awful example of privatisation , to be honest , that 's a natural monopoly and it 's hardly regulated . 
  look at tap and ryanair or easyjet and stcp and valpi or gondomarense for a better comparison . 
   yeah , we built some stupid highways that barely look like highways , but that 's how big business works . 
  some of those only have a handful of cars per hour . 
  though i would n't blame big business for that , they 'd only built it because it was profitable for them and the reason it was profitable for them was because socrates paid them with our money for them to do just that . 
  if people did n't vote for socrates and his highways , that massive waste would n't be a burden in all of us now . 
   we may not be talking about the same measures , i do n't know . 
  but in the uk and the us , they also say they 're too privileged , so i maintain the the end goal for them , not you , is to turn us into china . 
  gosh , why ca n't we be more like switzerland ? 
  they 're just fine and dandy , they do n't have to cut any spending because they never had much spending to begin with . 
   no politician ever wanted that , so never ? 
  it does n't work , anyway . 
  pharmaceuticals need huge investments from the state . 
  there 's no market incentive to stop global warming . 
  in fact , there 's not even a market incentive for people not to go hungry , so monsanto happens . 
  we 're not talking about the same thing , i was talking about companies like rtp and tap . 
  as for the pharmaceuticals , i do n't now about that . 
  as for pollution and other externalities , you just need to regulate them to prevent that from happening ( now there 's something that can be taxed without a considerable deadweight loss ! ) . 
  as for the hunger bit , there is an huge incentive , europe for example overproduces every year from 30 % to 50 % and that goes to waste ( fault of cap and our protectionism , not because of the demand and supply of food not being in an equilibrium ) . 
   he 's gone far beyond the deal and plans to go much further . 
  this is a default by another name , the contract is impossible to fulfill . 
  no country has ever tried to pay it like this without a war , and there 's a reason for that . 
  this whole thing is just sad . 
  i really do n't want to emigrate but if i ca n't find a job or create my own i wo n't have much choice . 
  :\\  i can believe that . 
  but go watch the tvi report on the gps group about how it 's working these days . 
  public schools are empty because the students are being sent to the private school next door that rejects the students they do n't want . 
  honestly , the fact that they do n't do much better then public schools is pretty damning . 
  in mine , they could n't refuse students , probably because it was the state paying for the education of the students in high school , but still , it was the best school i 've ever been to and i owe them a lot . 
   sadly , i ca n't comment . 
  are n't they in recession too ? 
  recessions are part of the economic cycle just like expansions are as well . 
  but their recession is a joke when compared to ours . 
   they leave because they do n't pay taxes elsewhere . 
  paychecks are so minimal that i seriously doubt how a couple of unfirable bad workers , by your view , would even hit the bottom line of major companies . 
  it 's not just that , it 's everything , the labour laws , the mandatory benefits , the tax burden , the bureaucracy , the regulation , the education , the justice system . . all of this needs to change if we are to be committed in reducing unemployment and generating growth . 
   simplifying much ? 
  afaik , they 're growing pretty well after throwing off foreign intervention , even if venezuela 's inflation is mental . 
  still another bad case for socialism . 
   yeah , we 're an anomaly , i meant after the industrial revolution , the soviet revolution and during the cold war . 
  unsurprisingly , they happened due to fear , because power never cares about the lower classes otherwise . 
  you 're right , that 's why we need a stronger and more transparent democracy , to prevent the unbalance of power and to preserve any chance for prosperity for all . 
   right , the banks , brisa , martins dos santos and so on have all bled profusely since 2008 and have n't improved in profits every year . 
  here i am talking about the benefits of removing barriers to competition to the market and you argue with monopolies . 
  that 's not a free market , not even close , that 's also the product of government policies preventing competition .
