   jesus , how can austerity possibly help you recover from that ? 
  austerity is n't meant to help with unemployment , austerity is meant to balance the state budget . 
   minimum wages are higher that 's not at all attractive to unskilled immigrants . 
   that fat worthless maoist should keep that coookie intake shut . 
  barroso is n't a maoist , barroso is an opportunist . 
   right but it does n't need to last very long just enough to destroy your competitors . 
  you 'll much faster destroy yourself . 
  and the competition has plenty of ways to stay in business even with someone selling cheaper than them . 
  and even if we assumed that dumping was efficient and effective , as long as there are no barriers to entrance in the marketplace , the second the dumping were to stop , more businesses would step in . 
   also if your business is state owned you can just keep getting no interest loans every year . 
  at the expense of everybody else in that society that would have to pay for it through inflation . 
  it 's quite the same with currency devaluation and import substitution industrialisation - both strategies that have been attempted several times and always failed miserably on any longer period of time . 
   do you understand what `` price dumping '' means ? 
  it means selling below cost and it never happens on any longer period of time because those who do that are operating on a loss . 
  it 's however a great argument for the special interests , they 'd really fancy to impose trade barriers on all the consumers and increase their own profits . 
  members of the epp and alde voting for this bullshit ? 
  `` unfair competition '' because chinese products are cheaper than domestically produced ones ? 
  we need to protect ourselves against low prices from abroad ? 
  yeah , fuck this , sorry guys , i 'm all for open markets and a free economy and even those in the eu that are meant to be for this clearly demonstrated they rather bend over to the special interests than to stick to their principles . 
  it seems i 'll either vote for the anti-eu folk ( like ecr or efd ) or simply not vote at all in european elections as there 's no point in voting when nobody sticks to what they promise and it 's indifferent for me to vote for a or b when they all pursue the same protectionist policies . 
   in fact it was rather a lie . 
  cherry picking numbers to fit the desired result . 
  yeah , the baddies want austerity because it gives them a boner . 
  they lie and cheat to try and push through so unpopular policies just because . 
  really , u/ajaume , you 're so blinded by your ideology that you fail to acknowledge reality . 
   of course we 're not experiencing deflation . 
  you 're not making any sense , first you say there 's a lack of means of exchange but then you acknowledge that we 're experiencing very mild inflation . 
  so what will it be ? 
  do we or do we not have a too little amount of money in circulation ? 
   germany is working its ass off . 
  all the countries are working the best they can . 
  still , what 's the relevance of that to inflation ? 
  you do know that inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon , right ? 
   if we did n't share a currency and everything remained equal , you would see the mark worth twice as much and the other currencies worth half as much . 
  changes in the exchange rate are , like changes in inflation , only caused by both the money supply and the potential output . 
  so unless germany became twice as productive , the mark would n't become twice as valuable . 
  and even then , if you were to break up the euro and allow some countries to devalue themselves and try to compete with the germans like that , the germans would also be free to do just that as well and continue to out-compete the rest of us . 
  anyway , the solution is n't protectionism , it is n't to accept to work for less ( like devaluation always means , it 's basically `` ok , instead of selling you 10 shirts for 10usd each , i 'll sell you 100 shirts for 1usd each '' ) , it 's to become the most productive as we possibly can , it 's to do what germany did and allow the market to work freely with as few restrictions as possible . 
   and a lower unemployment in the periphery . 
  if you were to turn on the printing presses , sure , by next year unemployment would be lower . 
  purchasing power would be lower just as well though some might ignore that , some think that the value is n't what we get from working but the work itself . 
  however , if you were to do that on any longer period of time , well , you 'd end up with both high inflation and high unemployment in the periphery . 
  the high unemployment is too bad as it is , we do n't want also high inflation . 
   so you tell me , what 's at the root of unemployment problem ? 
  lack of competitiveness ? 
  compared to whom ? 
  china ? 
  or germany ? 
  lack of competitiveness compared to the rest of the world . 
  lack of competitiveness caused by very high tax rates , a very slow justice system , an immense amount of bureaucracy , restrictions to the entrance in the marketplace , inadequate labour laws , yada yada yada - if you were to fix those , unemployment would slowly but surely come tumbling down , perhaps to levels even lower than those of germany . 
   i 'm not sure how stagflation comes into play here . 
  it demonstrates how the phillips curve is n't reliable and how you can end up with both unemployment and inflation . 
   we 're not dealing with supply shocks stagflation was n't about shocks , it was about constant expansion of the monetary supply and constant increases to tackle unemployment with inflation and the long term results of ending up with both unemployment and inflation and you never actually tackled the root behind the unemployment problem and just tried to hide it with inflation . 
  yes , the oils shocks came into the picture but even friedman himself compared the usa with germany and japan , and the usa which produced half the oil it consumed experienced much higher inflation than germany and japan which both import all the oil they consume and in that time , lowered their inflation rates . 
   we 're dealing with lack of the means of exchange you 're talking as if we 're experiencing deflation , which we 're not , we 're experiencing quite low and steady inflation . 
   inflation does not magically happen when there is more money in the system than there was the day before . 
  inflation happens on the long run when the expansion of the money supply is greater than that of the growth of the economy . 
   the only relevant measure of value of the euro is the real economy of ez member states . 
  specifically - their production possibilities frontier . 
  you must be confusing microeconomics with macroeconomics but whatever . 
   if there is not enough currency in circulation to facilitate an economy 's approach to its ppf , the currency will appreciate ( deflation ) yet the [ eurozone 's inflation rate has been steadily in the 2 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/inflation-cpi ) . 
   when unemployment is at 10 ( or more ) percent that means an economy is nowhere near its ppf and you can straight up print money and drop it via helicopters and you will still not see any inflation !!!, 
  unless the economy grows 10 or more percent , that 's just false . 
  money is neutral and there 's a natural rate of unemployment , if you took more time to actually learn what you 're talking about and not typing out in caps lock , you 'd know this . 
   was n't that whole austerity thing not just an excel error ? 
   [ no ] ( http://blog.hjeconomics.dk/2013/04/19/reinhart-and-rogoffs-coding-mistake-much-ado-about-nothing/ ) . 
   inflation is the lesser of two evils compared to deflation , which is happening in most economies right now . 
  which economies do you know are experiencing continued deflation ? 
   you know what 's eating my savings ? 
  unemployment and why would you want to reduce trade unemployment for inflation ? 
  why not trade for a more liberalised labour market , lower tax rates and less restrictions to entry on the marketplace ? 
   you know what 's also eating my savings ? 
  my clients having no money lower taxes will fix that . 
   you know what 's also eating my savings ? 
  huge tax increases . 
  yup , they should be reduced . 
  though you must be willing for more spending cuts . 
   you know what 's also eating my savings ? 
  banks stealing my deposits . 
  we 're still not there yet and hopefully we wo n't ever . 
   i have a very long list of things that i 'm getting instead of inflation . 
  the goal is n't to have one bad thing or the other , the goal is to have neither . 
  and the trade-off between unemployment and inflation is only short-term , on the long-term if you do n't fix the structural unemployment and you do n't push through with the reforms , you 'll end up with both unemployment and inflation . 
   when unemployment is at 10 ( or more ) percent that means an economy is nowhere near its ppf and you can straight up print money and drop it via helicopters and you will still not see any inflation !!!, 
  printing money and dropping it via helicopter ? 
  quoting friedman , are we ? 
  if so , what 's stagflation ? 
   yeah , i know . 
  just a throwaway joke . 
   i do my bit . 
  i try not to do mine :p, 
   \\  losing constantinople to kebab   \\  the year of our lord 1453 is this / int / ? 
  barroso says whatever suits him best so you really ca n't take him seriously . 
  you know what also benefited the german economy ? 
  the deutsche mark . 
  iirc back in the day , some european countries even voluntarily pegged their currency to it . 
   and the ministates . 
  they 're smaller than the actual parks . 
   belgium is park free !, 
  no green commies up in this bitch !,
