   i was going towards the metro station , and there 's this woman , she gives me some paper and i take it ( i 'm naive like that ) why would you even do that ? 
  they sometimes hang around the metro station i take daily , and you must always ignore them , if they ask for money , you do n't have any , if they need to talk to you , you do n't understand them or do n't have the time and if they need help or they want to help you , too bad , you ca n't because you have places to be or you 're just not interested . 
  anything else is asking for trouble . 
   this worked in my single experience at least - being totally broke and not too clean on a large bus station  i refuse to become like a bum to avoid problems with bums . 
   if you know some of their culture what culture is there ? 
  being smelly , rude and good pickpockets ? 
   ** everybody calm the fuck down ** you need an aspirin , bro . 
  that 's replacing barbarism with barbarism . 
  go back to r/defaultreddits . 
   * bosnia-herzegovina  * serbia  * macedonia  * albania  * kosovo   ( these countries are all situated on the western balkans and are all interested in eventually joining the eu ) you forgot montenegro . 
   yes , especially in the last 2 years the poor policemen always get beaten up by the leftists i 'm talking about my personal experience here in portugal . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x4kay.jpg ) is how policemen are being treated here . 
  [ google translate ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;layout=2&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.publico.pt%2fsociedade%2fcentenas-pedem-a-demissao-do-governo-em-frente-a-assembleia-da-republica--1567486&amp;act=url ) [ this ] ( http://www.publico.pt/sociedade/centenas-pedem-a-demissao-do-governo-em-frente-a-assembleia-da-republica--1567486 ) if you want , it talks about how from the 11 people injured , 10 were policemen . 
  of course you do n't see that , that 's the role of the far right . 
  the far left is those that attack the police , start fires next to parliament and show their tits against austerity . 
  [ link 1 ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/noticias/index.php?article=595487&amp;tm=9&amp;layout=122&amp;visual=61 ) & [ link 2 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-19957747 ), 
   i was referring to the economic policies defend by them , namely , their anti-socialism stance . 
  with that i agree - socialism is awesome in theory but in really it always goes sour , we 're fooling ourselves if we think a government can do business better than a private enterprise . 
  though i do n't agree fully though , i still think the state should subsidize education and healthcare so that while these should be provided by a free market in equilibrium , everyone still would have access to these benefits regardless of their financial situation in their time of need . 
  some tell me this is promoting inefficiency ( and heck , are n't some of our public schools inefficient !? ), 
  but i disagree with the overall scheme of things - as a society , the costs would be much higher because we really ca n't put a price on those things like healthcare and education . 
   here : `` it was a socialist that 's now living in paris '' and here : `` if with this he means to go back to reckless spending like a good socialist ''  you implied that the problem was socialism and not corruption . 
  sorry , i meant that socialism was also the problem . 
  corruption also played a role in it , you 're absolutely right . 
   like every political ideology , socialism has virtues and flaws , but it 's unfair to blame the socialism ideology for our problems when they were clearly caused by nothing more than corrupt persons that belong to parties that call themselves socialists or social democratic . 
  if there 's something i disagree even more with socialism , it 's what our politicians in these past decades have been doing . 
  : x  socialism is not to blame , every pm that we had since the carnation revolution ( maybe excluding s\u00e1 carneiro ) is . 
  socialism and government intervention in the economy is still a major part of the problem , this absurd debt and the deficits we had for years , you ca n't say `` oh , that was all corruption '' because it was n't , some of it was actually simple populism , the typical `` spend more than you should to buy votes and let the guy who comes next clean up the fallout '' . 
  though , again , you 're right , we also have the urgent need to make our justice system work - even we never spent more than we could afford and we had great incentives for investment in our country , it would be really hard to attract this investment if our justice system is at a standstill and disputes take years to solve . 
  that and because if we had a workable justice system , perhaps some of these corrupt assholes would finally face justice . 
   the doors of hell will open and fiends will come forth to sodomise the dead bodies of humanity . 
  wow , it 's like i 'm reading muslims threats to the western world . 
  what a silly investment . 
  never working again and getting drunk and laid every day without worries is what i 'd do if i ever got more money than i 'd ever be able to spend . 
  check your about : config , if you have network.http.sendrefererheader set to 0 , it might make all those videos unavailable . 
  nor is kosovo . 
  nor did the eu exist back in ww1/ww2 . 
  though you must give colbert some slack , because he 's one of those `` pretend to be idiot '' pundits , he might have been mocking the others ' lack of knowledge in geography . 
  it 's another example of poe 's law . 
  though [ not too long ago ] ( http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-august-7-2012/that-s-a-mormon ) when romney was travelling through europe , jon stewart said even the italians criticized him and he said that it was the italians which had berlusconi as pm , even though this was this august and monti has been in power since last november , so you might be right and this might just be another case of american ignorance . 
  still , do n't take it too seriously , their education system must be like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0xtk7.jpg ) . 
   here comes the portuguese tea party representative . 
  you 're accusing me of being one of those amerifats that try to argue against science ? 
  you must be trolling , right ? 
   do n't mistake political ideology with corrupt people . 
  please tell me where i said corruption was n't or is n't a problem . 
   your dear right wing party is equally corrupt or have you been using some kind of mind bleach for the past year and a half ? 
  my dear right wing party ( if by ` my dear right wing party ' you mean one of the parties now in power ( psd/cds ) that i did not vote for nor am affiliated with ) is going full retard mode with tax increases which will only drive away investment , increase unemployment and encourage emigration . 
  with regards to corruption , yeah , they 're not as corrupt as the last ones , there 's obvious exceptions like the asshole that 's still in madeira , but so far we have n't had half the bailouts , half the ppps or half the public contests strangely won by companies some way or another affiliated with the party in power than we 've had in the last 4 years . 
  though you 're right one on thing , as much as the ruling party keeps on fucking up , imo , the opposition is doing an even worse job by only whining and not presenting reasonable alternatives . 
  so i guess i 'm currently biased to the right , considering how the left got us into this mess and now refuse to take responsibility for it . 
   sneaky as always . 
  `` i do n't like nazis , but hey i 'm glad there are more of them now ! '', 
  how the fuck do you go from '' * i ca n't stand extremists from both sides * '' to '' * i 'm glad there are more of them now * '' ? 
   and you go on pretending you 're not a fascist ... [ according to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism ) :  fascism is a radical authoritarian nationalist political ideology . 
  fascists seek to unify their nation based on commitment to an organic national community where its individuals are united together as one people through national identity . 
  the unity of the nation is to be based upon suprapersonal connections of ancestry and culture through a totalitarian state that seeks the mass mobilization of the national community through discipline , indoctrination , physical training , and eugenics . 
  fascism utilizes a vanguard party to initiate a revolution to organize the nation upon fascist principles . 
  the fascist party and state is led by a supreme leader who exercises a dictatorship over the party , the government and other state institutions . 
  fascism views direct action including political violence and war , as a means to achieve national rejuvenation , spirit and vitality . 
  yes , this fits me like a glove , in fact , i must be the perfect example of a radical authoritarian nationalist - i 'm so fascist that i keep on arguing for more direct democracy , you have accused me in the past of dissing my fellow countrymen and i 'm such a believer of violence that my political enemies cower in fear whenever i make mocking comments of them on reddit . 
  lol , turnusb , you 'll have to try harder . 
  why do n't you say again that economic freedom is bad or that limited resources are a problem of the political right ? 
  hollande is asking for both economic growth and increased government redistribution , even though he clearly knows these two are incompatible . 
  yes , it 's very popular to say we should have everything , yet this in unachievable . 
  where 's his plan ? 
  how can he pull it off ? 
  how exactly does he inject more money in the economy and does n't massively increase public spending ? 
  in short , he ca n't , it 's not possible , he 's nothing but a demagogue . 
   poland has no power at all in europe . 
  exactly , it 's why i said that `` i ca n't stand extremists from both sides '' . 
  they 're always the loud minority that spews shit and makes vague threats against anyone who even slightly disagrees with them . 
   well it 's like those countries under russia , can you tell me their names ? 
  australia ? 
  cyprus is in asia and yet it 's an eu member-state . 
  though it 's certainly not comparable to panama , that 's obvious . 
   but hollande said he also felt for the spanish and portuguese people `` who had paid dear for others ' excesses '' . 
  what an idiot , we 're paying for our own excesses !, 
  in fact , it was a socialist that 's now living in paris , our former pm s\u00f3crates , the one that fucked us up this bad !, 
  and now we have a french socialist faking pity for us , what the fuck , damn hollande , you 're really stupid . 
   `` the time has come to offer a perspective beyond austerity '' . 
  if with this he means to go back to reckless spending like a good socialist , fuck his ` medicine ' , we 'd rather not default , thank you very much . 
  i ca n't stand extremists from both sides , but in this case , if anything , it will ` even the playing field ' , considering that the far left is already so prevalent . 
   furthermore , the system that you 're proposing would in fact be a dictatorship of the majority that 's democracy for you , those with the most votes win . 
  firstly , i doubt the majority of the population would vote for it . 
  secondly , a lot of us politicians as well are also pushing for it , so it 's not like the representatives are more enlightened than the people that elected them . 
  thirdly , if they did , too bad for them , we ca n't save them from themselves . 
  yeah , if they brought it on themselves , it would be their loss , i would n't agree but i 'd have to respect it . 
   if panama goes into deep debt problems one day , could it affect the eurozone as a whole like it did with greece ? 
  unless the european banks got deep into panama 's financial system and public accounts , there would be no problem . 
  in fact , you already have several countries ( most from africa ) that pegged their currency to the euro . 
  [ link to wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_status_and_usage_of_the_euro ) . 
  it 's not about what i feel should be the standards , it 's about how the public wants the standards to be . 
  just like there have been campaigns in the past with regards to what you mentioned ( about the water quality , the atmospheric pollution , etc ) and the politicians acted accordingly by increasing the regulation , it should be the same here , if people do n't feel nuclear is safe enough then either they must be proven wrong and vote again or nothing else should be done - either way , you ca n't say the public is ignorant in these areas and ignore what they voted upon . 
  dude , you 're comparing a medical procedure that if done wrong might kill a guy with the power source that if done wrong might poison thousands and leave areas irradiated and inhabitable for decades . 
  they 're not even comparable , by that logic , you 'd also have to have referendums or debates in the ar to choose who should or should n't be able to drive . 
   even if all our population was university educated , most of them would not be sufficiently informed to vote on most highly technical issues like this one , even if a campaign by both sides was done . 
  you have way too much faith in your representatives or not enough in yourself and in your fellow voters . 
   do you think there should be a referendum on what treatment to give to a person presenting the symptoms of chest pain , nausea and dizziness , or do you think medical experts should decide ? 
  how is this politically relevant ?
