  yes , more people will work , but each people will work less , it 's not generating more wealth , the wealth is the same , it 's just distributed among more people . 
  which one could argue is a good thing but let 's not forget these people would n't be sitting on their thumbs if it was n't for this , there 's the opportunity cost , if these new people are now needed for the job as cashiers then it 's some other job which will lose out on workers and will stop being done . 
   in germany the historic development was the introduction of the six day work week at ten hours per day in 1900 ( down from 72h/week and 82h before that ) , the eight hour day in 1918/19 , the five day work week in 1955/56 and finally the 40-hour week in 1965 . 
  nowadays it 's up to 42h . 
  right , and there 's a reason for that , and it 's not because of the good will of politicians or at the expense of companies , it 's because employers themselves know that it 's more productive to do n't overstretch the time its workers spend on the job . 
  you think a worker is as productive on its 2nd hour or 4th at work as he is on its 8th or 10th or 12th hour ? 
  not even close !, 
  people are n't machines , people get tired and distracted and they 're less of a benefit for their employer like that . 
  also , they also have lives of their own and demand increased compensation for overtime . 
  just like in everything else , the marginal utility diminishes over time and the marginal cost increases . 
  the free market itself establishes an equilibrium which is best for both parties involved , the government stepping in and limiting these can only lead to inefficiency . 
  i still fail to see the net benefit for society when the government steps in and says there should be a minimum of x and y for the workers , if the workers want that , they 're free to reach an agreement on their own terms with their employer like they always , there 's no point at all on imposing this on everybody and having everybody paying for the added expense of extra vacation days or less work hours for some workers when these workers themselves value the extra compensation more than they value the extra time in vacation or at home ( because if they did n't , they 'd have reached an agreement with their employers and would be working less for a reduced wage as well ) . 
   it 's teen kasia , and she 's arguably the most well known polish person after john paul the second hey , a porn star !, 
  xd this was one of those occasions we 're i 'm glad i did n't know her beforehand xd, 
   aggressors filmed their abuse [ why ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m7ycq.jpg ) ? 
   [ hating an entire country and culture because someone hurt your feeling on website ] ( http://ylilauta.org/files/int/orig/1357579899213879.jpg/face%20of%20poland.jpg ) hey , that chick is hot , why is it called face_of_poland . jpg ? 
   perhaps the eu 's net contributors could have a referendum on membership for countries that are a permanent drain on their resources ? 
  portugal springs to mind . 
  yeah , sorry about that , i do realise that the debt the portuguese government accumulated is on its own more harmful to the eu project than all the talk of veto of the uk and its constant attitude of alienating itself within the eu . 
  if it 's of any comfort , now we 're paying for the debt we 've accumulated . 
  i made that post on a mockingly but now in a more serious tone , what saddens me is that the british only want what 's best for them as opposed to what 's best for the eu - was david cameron talking about abolishing wtd to all the eu as opposed to threatening to veto if there 's not an opt-out for the uk , i 'd be wholly supportive of the uk 's position . 
  but no , you 're going the easy way out of not trying to discuss things through and it 's bad for you because you alienate yourselves and it 's bad for the eu because it 's allowing this type of bad legislation to come through . 
   we have historic examples in europe , before work time regulations were enacted , of what it would look like . 
  what do you mean ? 
   that 's why they got introduced in the first place , practically everywhere long before the eu directive was introduced . 
  they 're still inefficient and it 's still no reason to implement them on a eu level . 
  the uk is fully right in that this is n't wise regulation and that it should be abolished . 
   for highly skilled professionals , vacation days are a part of the compensation package just like their salaries as they should be . 
   but for others it 's very different . 
  in many companies vacation days are a perk you get after staying with the company for a couple of years , if at all . 
  what about it , if both parties agree to it ? 
  the moment someone is n't pleased about his labour contract , he can try to renegotiate it to get more vacation time or he can just terminate the contract and work somewhere else to get better terms . 
  again , this type of regulation fails to achieve its goals , it does not prevent anything that comes close to a `` race to the bottom '' ( a demonstration of this is that there are companies that are still competitive and whose workers get more than the minimum amount of vacation required - if the minimum was preventing any such thing , you 'd expect everyone to give the just bare minimum required by law ) , it 's added expenses for companies who do n't work under this system ( companies whose wages might be higher but give less benefits such as these ) and it distorts the free market , making it more inflexible . 
  for example , there 's a company that pays one worker 6000 $ / month and gives him 15 days of paid vacation and pays another worker 5000 $ / month and gives him 25 days of paid vacation , and everybody is ok with this , why should this company have to renegotiate the labour contract of the first worker to give him more time of vacation in order to comply with the law ? 
  the company will either have to lower the wage of the first worker or it will have to cut costs elsewhere or it will simply have to raise the price of the final product , you know that this extra time of vacation wo n't come into existence simply because there 's regulation in that sense , that someone has to pay for it . 
  as you must know by now , there ai n't no such thing as a free lunch . 
  trust me , i 'd love to know exactly where 's the net benefit for society . 
  if you know where it is , please tell me . 
  that and why should we make this into law when the parties involved ( the worker and the employer ) both agree that the best solution would be for them to do something else ? 
   http://www.reddit.com/r/borderporn i was hoping for borderline porn , was disappointed . 
   it just blows my mind that i was born in a time when getting out of the country was a special priviledge , and many died trying to flee , and now i can go to lisbon and the only border is the romanian-hungarian one , 10 km from where i live . 
  it now takes less than a minute to cross , and i do n't need no passport , just my everyday id . 
  no stamps , not nothing . 
  some months ago by the train station they were loading gypsies on two big buses with romanian plates as they had already been there for months and were becoming a major nuisance . 
  i personally was glad that something was being done about it but i wondered how effective it would be , considering schengen and all that . 
  well , so far , they have n't returned , so yay for europe and no gypsies !, 
   come back from your dream world for a minute and look at what actually happens , here in the real world , with sensible regulations . 
  sensible regulations such as a tax on pollution or stricter safety controls , sure , of course . 
  but limiting work hours or having a minimum of paid holidays is n't sensible , not even close . 
   here in the real world when regulations mandated working hours , the average working hours went down and so wages also went down . 
   holidays went up and so wages went down once more , profits were reduced and the cost to the final consumer went up - essentially making the whole economy more uncompetitive . 
   and overall compensation did n't decrease . 
  except that it did . 
   quality of life increased for the average worker . 
  and quality of life reduced for the worker who 's no longer employed . 
  really , why do you need to impose these caps ? 
  if before regulation someone had 10 days of paid vacation and a wage of 5000 $ and someone else had 40 days of paid vacation and a wage of 4000 $ and everybody is happy , why should the eu ( or anyone , for that regard ) step in and say the guy who only gets 10 days of paid vacation should have instead 30 and why should wages go down across the board to pay for this added expense ? 
  we 've had decades without this regulation and we 've been fine all along , do n't come now saying we need this regulation and that it will benefit us all because it will increase holidays and limit work hours because while it might be true , it has its drawbacks as well and in a free market we should let the parties involved decide what 's best for them instead of saying everybody should have x and y and z and the uncompetitiveness generated by that be damned . 
   higher quality of life . 
  you think you can increase life quality by simply regulating ? 
  how naive is that ? 
  if that was the case , why not making a law saying `` every worker must be paid at least 10.000 $ / month '' or that `` companies must hire people who are unemployed '' or `` it 's forbidden to fire people '' ? 
  heck , we could even go further and just outlaw poverty and unemployment and misery !, 
  it does n't work like that , you think for a second that a law from brussels saying people must have , say , one month of paid vacation will benefit society ? 
  that companies will just pay out of their pocket for this and that the costs of these measures wo n't reflect on the wages of its workers or on the final product for the consumer ? 
  society does n't work like that , there 's no free lunch ever , everything has to be paid for and this kind of regulation is just making the eu market more inflexible and uncompetitive !, 
   i do n't understand . 
  are you defending that we should be in a common market with a country like china which has no decent environmental standards ? 
  are you seriously comparing the uk with china or comparing maximum work hours and vacation days with environmental regulation ? 
  nice straw man , by the way . 
   regulations prevent a race to the bottom they do n't . 
  even with wtd there will be people who will have more holidays than the minimum required or who will work less hours than the maximum allowed . 
  if regulation was preventing a race to the bottom , then you 'd at least expect that everybody would go with minimum/maximum allowed by law , which is never the case . 
  it 's the same argument with the minimum wage , actually - you 're just outlawing people from doing certain things , you 're not actually going to the root of the problem and solving it . 
  we 're talking about supply and demand of labour here , just like companies want to minimise costs , workers want to maximise benefits , since there 's no monopoly and no single worker or company has a dominant position , nobody can act as a monopoly and act on the detriment of others . 
  this type of regulation which institutes minimums and maximums only makes sense and is efficient in a monopoly situation , and that is n't the case , wtd is then inefficient in achieving its goals . 
   regulations prevent a race to the bottom not only within the common market but with those outside it . 
  also false . 
  this regulation is only good at increasing the size of the informal economy within the eu and making us less competitive than our neighbours because they do n't have to abide by our rules . 
  if you want to end with some behaviour , you should n't make it illegal to engage in it but rather make in unprofitable . 
  on the long run , it 's the whole economy and sustainability of the eu that 's at stake . 
   the uk seems to want to be in the common market but playing with china rules . 
  this is such an insane comparison , i do n't know how you buy into it . 
  they just do n't want to be uncompetitive and are n't deceived by the noble goals of these directives , which again , the label is great , better labour conditions , who 'd be against that ? , but the actual effects of those measures are wholly harmful for us all . 
   that is not fair at all . 
  unless you impose these laws on the whole eu , massively crack down on the black market and ban all external goods that are n't produced according to these laws , what will be unfair will be the competition eu companies will have to face against the swiss , the turks and the russians who will not have to comply with this short-sighted regulation . 
  it also will not be sustainable for the eu economy to make its labour laws so inflexible and will set a bad precedent for the future - that which regulatory arbitrary values are good in fighting these issues and that the state as opposed to the workers , the unions and the employers is actually the one that knows what is best for the parties involved . 
   where do you live and what kind of bread what you like me to bring ? 
  i live in portugal and you 're toast !, 
  in other news , tourism in the netherlands still good for business . 
   just bought a north facing house in a < 1200 zone , i envy everyone !, 
  hello . 
   all serial killers eat bread !, 
  how do you know ? 
  are you a bread-eating serial-killer ? 
  hi there quentin!p3mpbqbwoey, 
   they will always do that , which is why we need laws which prevent them minimising costs in a way that is excessively harmful to society . 
  wtd ( or any other such regulation ) prevents excessive harm to society ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  it does nothing of the sort !,
