  the great depression of 1929 was caused by the federal reserve which failed to expand the money supply and did not lend money to banks when there was a run on these , causing a domino effect . 
  the first bank that collapsed was able to return .92 cents on the dollar , so yeah , that was the fault of the monetary authorities of the time and not of the free market enterprise . 
  had the fed there loaned money and expanded the money supply instead of cutting it ( by 1933 they amount of dollars had been reduced by 1/3 !, 
  ) , the whole thing could have been avoided . 
  so no , the great depression is yet another problem caused by government intervention . 
   look at spain 's economy right now . 
  what private sector company will want to set up shop there when the economy is already in the toilet ? 
  the economy is in the toilet precisely because of that , because of the government restricting it . 
  remove those restrictions and people will benefit from investing in it again . 
   i think economist paul krugman says it best just like [ when he said 9/11 was a good thing for the economy ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2001/09/14/opinion/reckonings-after-the-horror.html?pagewanted=all&amp;src=pm ) ? 
  oh well , i 'll read the nonsense he came up with this time . 
   when the bubble burst , the spanish economy was left high and dry ; spain 's fiscal problems are a consequence of its depression , not its cause . 
  he 's completely ignoring the restrictions and the regulation which proved catastrophic back in 2008 . 
  were n't these in place , spain would now be in a situation similar to that of many other countries and not with a  25 % unemployment rate . 
   nonetheless , the prescription coming from berlin and frankfurt is , you guessed it , even more fiscal austerity . 
  he 's right in that this is a bad time to implement austerity yet what alternative does he have ? 
  that the government should spend the money it does n't have and that the future generations should be the ones paying the bills ? 
  the main problem with spain is the unemployment , to improve on that and on a long term basis , it 's not with increased government spending and debt , it 's with removing restrictions in the economy . 
   this is , not to mince words , just insane . 
  europe has had several years of experience with harsh austerity programs , and the results are exactly what students of history told you would happen : such programs push depressed economies even deeper into depression . 
  europe has also had several years of experience with unbalanced public budgets and the results are exactly what students of history and economics told you would happen ( look at what 's happening here in portugal right now ) : such programs push healthy economies into depression and without capacity of funding themselves . 
   and because investors look at the state of a nation 's economy when assessing its ability to repay debt , austerity programs have n't even worked as a way to reduce borrowing costs . 
  except that interest rates went down so no . 
   what is the alternative ? 
  well , in the 1930s -- an era that modern europe is starting to replicate in ever more faithful detail -- the essential condition for recovery was exit from the gold standard . 
  he 's comparing the great depression which was caused by a contraction in the money supply with the current european sovereign-debt crisis which was caused by , well , public debt ? 
  really ? 
  they say generals always fight the last war , and this exactly the same thing , he 's trying to use the cure for completely different problems . 
   the equivalent move now would be exit from the euro , and restoration of national currencies . 
  so the eu would break up and we 'd all devalue massively to pay for this shit ? 
  not really , no , what we need to do is solve the problem causing it and not the symptoms . 
  he 's very considerate when he tries to undermine the eu and make it weaker when compared to the usa but we do n't need his snake oil . 
   you may say that this is inconceivable , and it would indeed be a hugely disruptive event both economically and politically . 
  we do say this . 
   but continuing on the present course , imposing ever-harsher austerity on countries that are already suffering depression-era unemployment , is what 's truly inconceivable . 
  the thing is that austerity is n't an end in itself but the path to a balanced public budget and a reduced government intervention in the economy , which was the root of all these problems . 
  what 's inconceivable is how krugman would not see past this and would argue as if it was and as if the problem now was the problem of the great depression . 
   question is , how the hell can we make our agriculture competitive ? 
  question is , how can we benefit the most from agriculture and other sectors ? 
  by lowering tariffs and allowing the free market to operate freely , that 's how . 
  if our agriculture requires subsidies and other government intervention to succeed , then it 's obviously not worthwhile to protect it any more than it would be worthwhile to protect the candle-makers from the sun . 
   then where will the jobs come from ? 
  from those with the entrepreneurship required . 
  certainly not from the government which may employ now but will have to tax even more in the future . 
   the private sector in spain obviously is n't picking up the slack . 
  it does n't need to be a spanish company . 
  though it 's no wonder , with the conditions in spain , it 's very difficult to open a successful business there . 
  liberalise the market and both spanish nationals and foreigners will have a much greater incentive to open a business there , reducing unemployment . 
   if you do n't have the govt . 
  create the jobs , who will create them instead ? 
  what ? 
  are you even remotely implying that if the government does n't provide employment , that nobody will ? 
   christ , the only immigrants who come regardless will be those who are satisfied leading ** a life of quiet desperation ** . 
  so , at least we know they 'll be culturally british . 
  you 're like that as well ? 
  damn , why is that everybody that seems to be better off in europe are those that the act the most sad and depressed ? 
  i 'm sorry if i sound like a stereotypical person but if one hears what some of you guys from the north say , one might think you actually have a very tough life . . 
   slashing spending is always the wrong way to go when a large amount of the populace is already unemployed . 
  you 're right , but in a situation where you ca n't get yourself in even more debt , there is n't really a good solution other than reducing spending and also reducing taxes . 
   any more unnecessary cuts could easily lead to riots . 
  not if you also reduce the taxation . 
   i would argue that spain 's govt . 
  should create more jobs in order to receive more taxes . 
  governments do n't create jobs , governments reallocate jobs . 
  and what taxation would be that where the state is also the employer ? 
  no , what spain must do is liberalise the labour market , drastically reduce regulation and bureaucracy to employers and cut taxes on businesses - all of these measures with the objective of making the spanish economy much more competitive , to reverse the trend of emigration and to promote employment . 
   c.a.p is ~ ~ probably ~ ~ the most inefficient aspect of the e.u and the most costly ftfy . 
   you can see why it is there , to stop our farms falling to disrepair simply because they are ( more ) expensive to run compared with the rest of the world . 
  basically , protectionism . 
   which in the long term would threaten food security of entire eu . 
  hey , read up on your country 's corn laws before spewing this kind of protectionist bullshit . 
  [ lel ] ( http://www.lereddit.com/ ), 
   oh look , another german fails at being funny . 
  who would have thought  shut up poland or he 'll invade . 
   false dichotomy is false . 
  there are alternatives to laissez-faire capitalism and stalinesque communism . 
  why not democratic socialism ? 
  coincidentally , the spanish economy is still paying heavily for the psoe 's policies . 
  the portuguese ps did much worse during the years it was in charge . 
  as for the best policy to follow , sure , it might be appealing to tax other people 's money and spend it on ourselves but others will try to do just that so the solution is simple , what 's best for society is to slash both taxes and spending . 
  the most flamboyant thing in that picture is the license plate , damn , i nearly went blind with the brightness . 
   oh , i know that . 
  i was just surprised by how quickly opinions of the portuguese changed in only a few years . 
  all the european countries that now have gay marriage are back-to-back on the top of this list ( luxembourg is in the middle of it , but you get the point ) , while portugal is way below average . 
  i 'm portuguese and i do n't know anything of the sort . 
  must be bad data . 
   no , they do n't . 
  it 's 2006 and neither portugal nor norway has gay marriage . 
  i still do n't believe the map , it 's not like there was a surge in support for gay marriage after it was allowed , the law was simply changed to be in conformity with what the population already supported . 
   it 's very interesting that the basques have such lower unemployment than everyone else in spain . 
  can anyone explain why ? 
  it 's where a lot of the industry is at . 
  catalonia as well , to some degree . 
  starbucks ? 
   ya happy now ? 
   italians nice generalisation , bro . 
   in canada , where i live no wonder she has such an idealistic view of europe . 
  ~ 52 % of the french also voted for hollande . 
  i think not !, 
  so . . do you regret the change ?
