  i do n't know about the netherlands but here the law says you ca n't as it 's legal tender and they 're legally obliged to take it . 
  i do n't see how you can enforce it as the hassle for both sides would be too much but still it 's in the law you ca n't refuse legal tender as means of payment . 
   it 's not deception if they put a sticker on the counter '' we round to the nearest 5 cent . '', 
  on the counter , like here . 
  now that 's just false advertisement , if the price tag says 9.99 $ and they charge you 10 $ then that 's fraud , the tag should either say 9.95 $ of 10 $ , they should never be allowed to say the price is something and then insisting on charging higher than that . 
  it 's just a cent , i know , but it 's a matter of principle . 
   first , you are probably to young to remember the euro introduction and the `` nothing will increase '' speech , and we all saw the results . 
  wrong on both accounts . 
   second , 230 $ is the minimum state pension , that a great many thousands of old people receive , for me having 1 or 2 cent coins is irrelevant for many people it is n't . 
  nobody is paid that low and even for them it will be easier because it 's less money they 'll be cheated out of due to easier math . 
  anyway , you already went from `` again the poorer countries get the short straw '' to `` ok , some very elderly people with other sources of income may end up with a few cents less '' ( as if shopkeepers would ever refuse food or other goods to these people because they 're 0.02 $ short ) . 
   because there are abuses , everyone is a criminal ? 
  there are no poor people in need ? 
  what kind of retarded argument is that ? 
  it 's the same retarded argument as yours , if you ca n't change because some people will lose a few cents then we also ca n't stay because there are also abuses under the current system . 
   finally , nowhere you saw me defending our current taxation , one thing has nothing to do with the other . 
  of course not , you 're only making a greater fuzz out of this than you 'd ever make about a national increase in taxation . 
  at least cut the charade - you do n't give two shits about the welfare of these people , what you want is to criticise the eu . 
   ah yes , because these economists make their calculations based on correct data , is n't it ? 
   i remember how in spain a 100 pesetas coin was so similar to a 1 euro coin . 
  but 1 euro was actually 166 pesetas . 
  so prices in many things went up ... yes , a 66 % because of ... financial memory ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  do you know how exchange rates work ? 
  if it was establish that 1 euro = 166.386 pesetas and the parity was kept then that 's the real value of the peso in euros , it 's not `` hurr durr , the 100 coin was similar to a 1 euro coin so their value must be the same '' . 
   you 're used to pay your coffe with a single coin , and then ... you just give out that other coin . 
  that 's like saying `` oh , i rather pay my coffee with an 1 $ coin because i 'd feel cheated if i bought it with two 0.50 $ coins '' . 
  absolutely retarded . 
   again the poorer countries get the short straw and there will be a general increase in prices o everything if this goes forward . 
  no , we do not and no , prices wo n't increase . 
   it might not sound like much but 1-4 cents in each product you buy on a supermarket adds up after a while and when you have people earning 230 $ / month , everything counts . 
  where are all these people earning less than half our minimum wage ? 
  you 're talking as if half the country is starving and the other half is waiting for the first ones to die so they can eat their flesh and not as if you still had plenty of waste . 
  why do n't you tell the rest of the folks here on r/europe about the people here that come on tv saying their silicone tits were paid by the state , the minorities complaining about the social funds when they have lcds and bmws or when retired people complain about their pensions because nowadays they can hardly afford smokes and liquor ? 
  oh , and if you really cared about purchasing power , you 'd be arguing against the corporate rate of 25 % , the vat ( for pretty much everything ) of 23 % and the personal income tax which on the lowest rate ( under 7000 $ / year ) is of 18 % as these are the ones that do kick up the cost of living - not an hypothetical end of the 0.01 $ and the 0.02 $ coins and the eventual rounding of prices for things that now cost 4.98 $ and would then cost 5 $ as that is an absolute joke . 
   greece is upgraded and the uk is downgraded . 
  times are changing . 
  they say greece is b - and the uk is aa + . 
  anyway , it 's the rating agencies , even they have already said their ratings are just `` an opinion '' . 
   it 's pretty simple really , we expand the eu and the eurozone to include the rest of the world . 
  we give brussels full power over the police ( there would n't need to be an army once there is only one nation on earth ) . 
  then we get the geniuses in brussels to calculate the supply and demand of all goods on earth . 
  nothing could possibly go wrong . 
  this is what ukip geniuses are arguing against . 
   and zen we subjugate ze aliens by forcing austerity on them . 
  way better than uploading a virus onto ze mothership . 
  will never know what hit him !, 
  is this meant to be funny ? 
  that 's a quite odd sense of humour . 
  he has a boat and he 's still lonely ? 
  ouch !, 
   yes , and lower saxony could have a monarch once more , and join the commonwealth . 
  william iv - never forget . 
   before argentina invaded there were negotiations taking place to give the islands to them . 
  we also offered a 50/50 split on any oil discovered around the islands ; argentina refused in favour of having 100 % of the oil . 
  once they invaded , public opinion polarised for obvious reasons however . 
  damn , is that true ? 
  they could have achieved so much more through diplomacy !, 
   inheritance tax does n't work . 
  it 's trivial to put the money in trust or move it abroad . 
  and it would promote frivolous spending as opposed to long term investments . 
   normandy seems to make less money than crusader kings ii would have me believe . 
  it did , back in the day . 
  since then pretty much everything shifted to paris . 
   and sudetenland to germany and austria . 
  that sounds treasonous . 
   as a eu3 player this gives me the chills . 
  as an eu3 player , [ austria can give me the chills ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5bfevmk.jpg ) . 
   turkey is not europe . 
  only the tip . 
   well , i for one would blame the drug dealer more than the addict . 
  that 's nonsense , that 's like blaming the car company because you ran over someone while speeding . 
  brasil [ hue ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jdjxjsenig ), 
   are you being sarcastic ? 
  no , i 'm not , they do n't look arabic at all , heck , the small ones have a cross on them and all :p, 
   what do you mean `` storm of the mediterranean countries coming '' ? 
  i think he meant the odd exchange rates like the 1936.27 italian lire for 1 euro . 
  we kinda had it easy with 200.482 escudos for 1 euro , basically it was 1 conto for 5 euros . 
   they look like they have arabic symbols or design . 
  [ they do n't look like that at all ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6uwjgzz.jpg ) . 
   i never argued for this . 
  you either support cutting public spending or you do n't . 
  there 's no middle ground , there 's no `` i 'm against austerity but i 'm also against continuing public spending '' . 
   the empirical data mostly agrees with him on this by the way . 
  that taxes do n't cause unemployment ? 
  nope , they do . 
   depending on the level of taxes and how they are spent of course . 
  sure , you could levy taxes and use them to create full employment , you could pay all the unemployed to open up ditches and fill them back up or to paint all the walls yellow or draft them into the military or whatever - though society would be much worse off than it would without the taxes that went to pay for this nonsense . 
   yeah , the empirical data for austerity all over europe sure shows it 's working . 
  naurgul made the claim that taxes do n't cause unemployment , there was nothing with regards to austerity . 
  austerity is about cutting down public spending , not cutting down unemployment . 
  if austerity is n't working because we 're not getting any better , then the alternative is to not cut public spending and do what got us in this situation in the first place - you know this , so please stop rationalising against austerity and stop assuming we could ever continue on the path we were . 
    the young person , having no experience , rejects empiricism . 
  stopped reading here . 
  you are the ones rejecting empirical data . 
   money taxed can go into employing people . 
  to do redundant jobs such as those in the public sector . 
   on the other hand , money that is left untaxed does not need to go into employing people at all ; it can go into bonds , bank accounts or investments in nonsensical financial instruments . 
  what are bonds if not investments on real life productive activities ? 
  what about bank accounts , do n't people store value on it and eventually use it to either invest or consume and create employment like that ?
