  i just do n't understand why so many people here support systems that are not like the ones you just described . 
  i 'd be more ashamed of the 31 % traitor capitalist bit if i were you !, 
  73 % communist ? 
  you 're 27 % a traitor . 
  you know who technically also is a social democrat ? 
  marxist detected . 
  from everyone who so far replied , you and i were the only ones who were more capitalistic than communistic . 
  does that make you feel dirty ? 
  my result : http://i.imgur.com/oq8l4.png oh , and it 's true what they say , looking at others ' results , this whole place is filled with communists . 
  says the guy that never tasted uht milk . 
  they taste the same to me . 
   the world is already so americanized the world is n't americanized , it was us who americanized america . 
   the average portugese dang it , it 's portuguese !, 
   not in values freedom , democracy , responsibility , justice , rule of law ... are n't these values shared ? 
   not in wealth it 's the same currency , is n't it ? 
  a cornetto at the beach costs about 1.20 $  not in culture i like your sausages . 
  btw , does any german here also enjoy playing civilization iv , listening to cosmo klein or watching breaking bad ? 
   language we do n't have the same language but we do are still able to communicate , right ? 
   we do not hear the same music rihanna , linking park , pitbull , david guetta ... if these are n't broadcast in german radio , then fair point , if not , sorry . 
  oh , and if that 's the case , i 'm much closer culturally to a dutch nightclub than to my grandmother . 
   eat the same food i have n't eaten mcdonalds in ages as that is the classic example but i 've recently drank coca-cola and my lunch today was cooked potatoes with pig and my dinner was a soup with rice and a fried egg . 
  is it that different from the food there ? 
   or even have similar political opinions all of us who were in favour of acta say ` aye ' , all against say ` nay ' . 
  * everyone here goes ` nay ' * . 
  ok , all of this to make the point that we are n't from another planet . 
  and , regardless , our countries working together and integrating a bit more to help solve this crisis will in no way lead to an apocalypse . 
  we 're all democracies here , why do you think some increased european integration will lead to conflicts when so far , so good and the continent as never been this peaceful ? 
  i am unemployed , i looked several times for a job during the summer and all i 've got were a couple of lousy jobs paying only ~ 2 $ / hour . 
  fortunately i still have my parents so i do n't need to resort to soup kitchens . 
  but back to the point - the economy is in the gutter and unemployment is as high as it is because of the excessive government spending and the left-wing laws in place . 
  had n't the government got into so much debt and now having the need to tax so much , our businesses would atm be much more competitive and would therefore be able to employ much more people . 
  and were n't it for all the restrictions in the labour market , perhaps our companies would be more competitive and would be able to hire me instead of being stuck with possibly more unproductive employees , which they currently favour because of how hard it is to actually fire someone . 
  in short , yes , in trying to provide everything to everyone and in restricting the free market with arbitrary legislation , portugal followed the communist example and is now paying for it . 
  it 's like he is n't even trying to hide his bias !, 
  you wan na know why portugal fucked up so bad ? 
  because they tried to follow the communist example . 
  you know , left wing revolution , socialist parties in power , massive spending without economic growth to show for it and the debt piling on ... thank fuck the spending is now being sorted out . 
  the socialist s\u00f3crates got to power in 2005 : http://i.imgur.com/vzmpm.png, 
   since 2007 emigration has jumped above 100,000 , a massive increase compared to the 35,000 who left the country in 2000 . 
  with austerity ravaging the portuguese economy , and the government tearing down our social rights , these numbers are bound to increase dramatically . 
  cry me a fucking river . 
  besides , our immigration is still higher than our emigration , so not only is this left propaganda , it 's also incorrect . 
  let 's see who 'd write such bullshit ...  miguel costa matos is currently completing his term as national student coordinator ( secondary schools ) in the portuguese socialist youth a fucking socialist !, 
  a guy from the party that dragged us down to the mess we 're in today . 
  oh fucking brilliant , fuck up the country and then cry that the country is fucked up when the others are trying to clean up their mess !, 
   but you argued that your taxes were way above the european average . 
  they are , i already demonstrated . 
  the link i provided showed the average maximum tax rate for individuals , businesses and the vat and portugal was always above the average , of both the eu and the eurozone . 
  even in the link i posted it said the maximum rates were applied in sweden , that 's not what i 'm arguing , what i 'm arguing against is  southern european governments wanted everyone to win in the short term :   * the rich - by having low taxes which was what anarchisto said . 
  in the link i posted it said that portugal has the 8th highest tax on individuals , 4th on business and 5th on vat . 
  this is by no means low taxes . 
   i do n't think they are this is n't a matter of what you think , it 's a matter of facts . 
   but if i am wrong , please provide he with a link to eurostat . 
  i just proved it , if you really want to confirm the data published by a mainstream portuguese newspaper , feel free to check yourself for data over at eurostat . 
  i 'm sure it will just corroborate the data i already presented . 
  i 'm not going to do your work for you . 
   also , as you pointed out , there is more corruption in portugal than in sweden , so i imagine that less people actually pay their taxes , which means more tax evaders . 
  that 's hard to determine , i 'm sure it 's true but still , it 's not an argument for increasing taxes even more here . 
   also , i do n't see where he said that higher taxes were the solution . 
  he said the nordic model was the solution . 
  he said high taxes are part of the nordic model and it was n't what was being done here . 
  i proved him wrong when he said we had low taxes and i argued against his solution that high taxes and increased public spending were the solution . 
  i 'm not the one here saying i have the solution , i 'm just pointing out with the `` nordic model '' is n't the solution . 
  falcom ? 
  do n't you mean falcon ? 
   the us is constitutionally ( ... ) more religious . 
  i was going to ask you what you mean by that but i suddenly realized this reddit is n't about the us . 
  no-colour master race !, 
  i am not arguing that sweden 's taxes are not higher than the portuguese ones because you 're right , sweden does have a higher tax rate than portugal , however that does n't mean that portugal has a low tax rate ( something which he did say and i was pointing out ) and , the worst part , unlike what happens in sweden , our tax money is n't properly spent . 
  i was just opposing the somewhat popular misconception that all the problems can be solved by raising taxes and increasing public spending . 
  we 've done that for years and it just kept us dragging down . 
  and while out public spending is being cut , we still have an higher than average tax rate which is very harmful for the competitiveness of our industry . 
   that 's cherry picking some taxes ok , proven for not knowing what you 're talking about . 
  irs is the tax on people , irc is the tax on business and iva is vat . 
  the 3 main sources of income for the government , `` cherry picking '' . 
   compare to the pigs i 'm sorry , so are you arguing that we should raise taxes oink oink oink ? 
   the rich - by having low taxes you have no idea of what you 're talking about . 
  you 're right , though i 'm guessing that if their intent was just to show an euro , they 'd go with heads , not with tails . 
  it says portugal right there . 
  twice even . 
  once going around and another in the middle shield . 
  a free market where everyone has the right to choose and its the consumer and not the government what decides what 's best for society made you prosperous . 
  not a bureaucrat choosing for you , not taxing those who are successful to pay for those who are not , not protectionism , not the government kick-starting the economy every times it goes down , no , it was the free market aka capitalism . 
   the nordic model is best for the common folk . 
  let me tell you what would happen if you tried that here - people would abuse the system to no end and the economy would crash . 
  you know , what happened just recently . 
  the nordic model is best for those who want to live on welfare and the politicians that want to keep in power while driving the country down . 
   how is constant famine , war , overpopulation , genocide and the continued destruction of their otherwise unique and beautiful ecosystems in any an improvement over them living as hunter-gatherers ? 
  hunter-gatherers is an euphemism for constant famine , war , overpopulation and genocide . 
  you think it was the europeans that introduced these things in africa ? 
   the capitalist fairy tale that markets are able to maintain themselves . 
  i 'd ask our cuban brothers here on reddit to tell you why socialism is n't the answer but unfortunately there 's no cubans here . 
  not in canada ? 
  are you sure ? 
   you are worst canadien . 
  you are the west idiot you are the cow smell . 
  return to alberta . 
  to our alberta cousins you may come our province . 
  you may live in the zoo ... ahahahaha , ontario we will never forgeve you . 
  english fuck but fuck asshole albertan cow stink toronto paki fuck . . english genocide best day of my life .
