  greece unfortunately looks like a very special case . 
  one where government incompetence plunged the country into massive debt and now they 're victimizing themselves . 
  not that they 're fully to blame , stricter regulation to greek public finance would have discover these issues prematurely but unfortunately now there 's that and the greeks do n't seem to be too pleased about the union 's response . . 
  i honestly do n't think germany is to blame , they 're in fact doing a lot to keep us together , though i 'm also fully aware greece is having a hard time and we ca n't just demand them paying up everything , though it must be clear that careless spending of other people 's money just is n't something allowed . 
   it was only 60 years ago there was war here , and the wall only fell 30 years ago . 
  that 's not very long really . 
  now with the internet , with companies working all over europe and with the easiness one crosses a border , we 're pretty much on the same page regarding everything . 
  and 60 years a long time ago . 
  i ca n't say we 're growing too fast , perhaps what we are is not being cautious enough . 
   i was born almost 19 years ago , portugal has been in the eu for 26 years , it 's not a long time ago , sure , but still , i consider myself a portuguese and an european at the same time . 
  i mean , there 's the language barrier where we both had to learn english to communicate with each other , but once you past that , are we really that different ? 
  i mean , i 'm pretty sure my lack of blond hair , my lack of light skin tone or my difficulties in coping with very cold temperatures would make it difficult for me to pass for a scandinavian , but if you consider only ideological and political issues , are we really that different ? 
  even here in this subreddit , despite everything , we agree so much on pretty much everything !, 
  we 're not / r/canada or / r/unitedkingdom but we 're certainly close , i think even / r/portugal disagrees amongst itself much more than / r/europe !, 
  yugoslavia or the ussr ca n't really be used as an argument against the eu , or can they ? 
  if anything , they demonstrate how peaceful things are within the eu , even when there 's still plenty of conflict and violence in other parts of the world . 
   and if there has to be a union of some sort , i would prefer and think it would work better for scandinavia to have it 's own union . 
  myself , i 'd rather have an european-wide union , possibly divided in smaller unions ( like scandinavia , iberia , low countries ) for balancing things among the union for balancing and administrative purposes . 
  i mean , you 're closer to sweden and we 're closer to spain , but overall we 're still very similar , and in the global scheme of things , we 'd be better off if we acted as one , even if internally we remained fairly separated . 
  it 's perfectly possible to care for both the uk ( or any other member-state ) and the eu . 
   would it even be feasible ? 
  as of now , there are massive problems just having a common currency , and the cracks are starting show due to it . 
  how about the usa , brazil or russia ? 
   personally , i dream of a purely scandinavian union . 
  but , it 's probably too late for that now . 
  the swedish might disagree . 
  it would be a sad day if we were all ruled by a retard , literally . 
  history also showed we ca n't go 50 years without fighting amongst ourselves . 
  we are writing history . 
  port wine is here it 's at , or so i 'm told . 
  x ) not that i know too much about it , other than some champagne or beer here and there , i hardly drink . 
  oh , ok , the way you mentioned , it seems like most of the uk was clearly against such an idea . 
  and it might be , but still , i guess it 's better than nothing , right ? 
   i 've pondered about a union of regions , where instead of having a more integrated eu , we focus on regional integration ( such as scandinavia , iberia and other regions starting political integration ) . 
  i fully agree , i also think about this quite often , how to balance europe from within without hurting the interests of some groups by bundling too different countries . 
  countries like malta should n't have such influence in the whole scheme of things but they also should n't be just tied to the italians , do you understand what i 'm trying to say ? 
   my mum is dutch and my father swedish , although i was living in madrid until a few weeks ago . 
  my secondary school was an international british school , and as such i ca n't fully identify with any one nationality . 
  this in turns i 'm quite comfortable with pan-european ideas . 
  you do n't need any of that to be a strong european supporter . 
  :p i 'm born and raised in portugal and only started learning english when i was 10 , in the 5th grade . 
  also , my parents were both born in africa , my mother in angola and my father in congo . 
  nevertheless , i also am a supporter of a stronger europe as we 're clearly better when united rather than separated and this union at half-steam is n't clearly working as intended . 
  gosh , british politicians do seem to have a good time . 
  thanks for the link though , it 's interesting to see the reaction of the british conservative euroskeptics to a british-led eu government by a former labour pm . 
  is that sort-of-famous speech something widely agreed there ? 
   i fear many of our continental amigos are too distrustful and nationalist to accept such a thing . 
  me too , but if they put their own country above us all , too bad for them , we ca n't and should n't try to force them into a democratic union . 
  look at it from another way , if someone leaves , then they clearly were n't committed enough and would probably be more of a burden and less of a benefit . 
  besides , it might take some time to get used to , the original eec only had 6 member-states , i guess the door should be open for those who only later decide to take full responsibility for this european project . 
   i think that if we are to initiate such an ambitious endeavour , it really will be a make or break moment . 
  me too , and hopefully when it happens everything will go smoothly . 
  i just wish we got this over quickly and did n't drag things too much . 
   what i think would be an efficient platform for such an initiative is to urge closer ties among the pan-european/ep parties , so that they may have a more formal structure from whence such a candidate could come . 
  certainly , i 'd also enjoy if european parties were more important and widely discussed , because they 're hardly even on the news . 
  it 's hard to take them seriously if nobody ever knows or talks about them . 
  btw , do you mind me asking from which country are you from ? 
  it 's because of the `` continental amigos '' part :p, 
  i do n't think it 's right to advertise products like that , the `` buy from what 's ours - buy portuguese '' that are everywhere . 
  we are in a free market , portuguese products deserve no unfair advantage to those of other european countries , it 's stupid protectionism , if some national companies ca n't survive on their own , too bad , it should n't be the consumer the one having to pay for their unsustainability . 
  they should be `` buy european because we can guarantee this and this and that '' , not `` buy portuguese/spanish/whatever because we all benefit from it '' , which is just plain wrong . 
   although i would vote in favour of a new charismatic face , one that is not as ` tainted ' ( for lack of a better word ) with national politics . 
  certainly , though taint of national politics that might not be so bad , as that would demonstrate that person 's past experience and one could evaluate their previous work before putting them in such an important role ; whereas new faces , no matter how charismatic , can always lead to great disappointments . 
  probably because the flights were canceled ? 
  it happens all the time . 
  to be honest , i really do n't care if it 's the chicken or the egg that comes first , in this case we need both a strong figurehead and a central european authority put in office by all europeans , a state that represents us as a whole to the outside world and that effectively sets the guidelines for european governance . 
  would n't someone like blair or merkel be more suited as an european leader than barroso or rompuy which never were that influential and that do n't really hold that much power ? 
  i live outside of britain and i do n't really dislike him . 
  sure , he 's a bit too euroskeptical but i guess that 's what he has to do to be in office there . 
  despite his flaws , if i were british , i 'd vote for him . 
  he 's not perfect but he 's not an idiot like ed miliband . 
  i would n't take it too seriously , it says france approval rating of sarkozy is 56 % and he lost his elections . 
  we could however get someone influential as the president and giving more power to the european parliament to govern over major issues , while local level government remained mostly as it is now . 
  i remember my 11th grade economics teacher talking about the eu and saying it was quite stupid for them to get van rompuy so high up in there when there were other people much more suited ( he gave the example of tony blair ) . 
  he also mentioned that one of the things that still divide us considerably is the lack of a good figurehead , someone who can represent all of us , and it 's indeed true that the eu still talks like 27 independent entities and not like one to the outside world . 
   public spending is the engine of the economy in every country . 
  no , it 's not , in fact you have places with reduced public spending and healthy economies ( for example , hong kong , india or south korea ) and lots of countries with a lot of public spending who are having very difficult times in paying their debts ( for example , greece ) . 
  and even while it 's true that public spending can be used to boost the economy in the short term , that needs to be well-spent money , continuing to sustain to the fullest an welfare system without first having the income to pay for it is unsustainable and would not achieve the goal of economic growth . 
   the extent to which cuts would be made in greece would severely harm their internal market , and they do n't have a lot of exports . 
  in a globalized world , it 's a mistake to only rely on the internal market . 
  greece also has to adjust its economy to be more competitive , it has to face competition not only within the eu but also from the rest of the world , otherwise there ca n't be too bright prospects about the future . 
  you mean reducing public spending in a crisis caused by too much public spending is gutting the greek economy ? 
  how does that work ? 
  get out . 
   the possibility that spain wanted to halt our independence using the army . 
  that does n't really seem viable to them , not within the eu it does n't . 
  anyway , i understand your grievances and you do seem have a point . 
  however , as a third party , i think it would still be better for all of us europeans if you managed to get want you want from spain without having to declare independence and break away from it , as both catalonia and spain would be stronger if they were unified as they have been for so long and i guess that can only be beneficial for the eu as a whole . 
   for every euro in taxes that is collected in catalonia , forty three cents are spent in other regions of spain that can also be said about the money collected in taxes in germany and then spent in aiding greece . 
  is it really fiscal theft or is it just some wealth redistribution from the wealthiest to the most in need through taxes ? 
  not that i 'm arguing for taxes , but you 're not really being robbed , are you ? 
  you also benefit from it , correct ? 
   plus the spanish media is always attacking the catalan for using their language . 
  that 's not an issue with the spanish government or state figures , or is it ? 
  at least , as an outsider , it seems to be that 's an issue regarding the spanish media , you ca n't blame the king for that or being independent from spain would make the spanish media less interested in attacking catalan ( though i do n't know how can they attack an officially recognized language ) . 
  i understand what you 're trying to say , however i still get a bit concerned because i wonder how can we achieve further european integration if even within some countries there 's seems to more of a divide and not an union , and we 're talking about spain and you mentioned scotland , these countries have been unified since the xv century and 1707 . . 
  it 's just that you 're so similar and have been part of the same country for so long , if you have some difficulties in remaining unified , then the eu hardly stands a chance , which is sad , we clearly are better off united than we are separated and arguing with each other . . 
   no , because they would all be part of the eu anyway that 's not true even within the eu . 
  for example , luxembourg does n't have the same influence as france and malta does n't have the same influence as italy . 
  you could say that while the island of corsica or sardinia are not independent from france and italy , respectively , they both benefit from having a more influential voice within the union than those in luxembourg or malta .
