  it merely interferes with the proper functioning of the free market and prevents those who 'd be willing to work or employ under those certain circumstances unable to do such , therefore promoting uncompetitiveness and unemployment . 
  the last time countvontroll mentioned a race to the bottom , [ i present my counter-argument ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/15pc4h/about_free_market/c7oqg1a?context=3 ) , to which i got no reply . 
  i do n't want to go repeat myself so feel free to read my other post because it 's quite similar to this one . 
  in short , yeah , the objective of the regulation is noble and fair , however what it achieves is not , it 's only good for promoting inefficiency and allowing for ever increasing state interventionism in the economy . 
  if we are to tackle this problem , we ought to be letting employers and workers choose what 's best for them and , at best , having the state promote a certain behaviour as to make it more beneficial for agents to do something in a certain fashion - not by setting minimum prices , limiting hours and making it unlawful to work in a certain way , that way we 're just ignoring the issue and shoving it under the carpet , we 're not actually dealing with it . 
   the point is simply that in a common market without harmonised regulation , any regulation at all becomes very expensive and difficult to enforce . 
  you 're right , but there 's absolutely no need for this kind of regulation at all . 
  all the directives and regulations in the world wo n't stop companies from trying to minimise costs ( aka `` race to the bottom '' ) . 
   the reason why we have directives like this for all of the single market is to prevent exactly that -- to prevent individual countries from attracting companies by having lower standards for working conditions , ** which would lead to a race to the bottom ** . 
  countvontroll , you disappoint me . 
   you 're a genius . 
  thanks . 
  if the brits wo n't have their eu referendum any time soon , i suggest we europeans to have our own uk referendum . 
   it would be a different story if madeira island was in the map ( or so they want the continentals to think that ) . 
   not my fault sheep have less hair and more personality than your iberian `` chicas '' hey everybody , this guy actually has a relationship with sheep, 
   what 's a corno ? 
  google tells me it means a horn [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cuckold#cultural_usage_of_horn_metaphor ) . 
   go fuck some sheep . 
  hey , hey , no need to get mad because some welsh is impotent and ca n't satisfy your average spanish lady xd, 
   but spanish women look no different from pakistani and indian women and have the same overly religious and backwards attitude but let you guy 's always complain about them lol corno, 
  that as well . 
  feels nice to be in an unitary state . 
   50 degrees ? 
  i 'd be worrying about dehydration and finding shadow !, 
  i 'd worry about not dying of heat exhaustion !, 
   the name ` patriot missiles ' makes me cringe . 
  i think they named them after the patriot freedom fighters that are expensive to raise and blow up so fast . 
  i did n't feel like stopping the music so i watched that with no audio . 
  hey jackblack2323 , why is that love is blind and love blinds ? 
   bunch of god damn communists , i tell you hwat . 
  hawt ? 
   i just think it is fascinating , that 90 % of what fateswarm posts he deletes within the hour . 
  i mean , if you are going to be a troll , why not be a good one . 
  you 're right . 
   but i am a bit weird too . 
  half the times i personally agree with you , some other times i think you 're just a tool :p such is life in society , i guess xd, 
   that 's subjective . 
  i 'm irish . 
  i do n't particularly like warm weather . 
  it 's not that harm here . 
  it 's however sunnier . 
  why are you sometimes so weird when you can be so clever ? 
   gee thanks ... thanks for enlightening me with your knowledge   edit : you 're talking about this tax reform ? 
  [ no ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20875752 ) . 
   do you have a citation for that ? 
  taxes are getting ever more regressive , even in europe . 
  google `` portuguese tax increases '' and stop trying to teach me about my country . 
   but which spending is being cut ? 
  all spending . 
   but that 's not what 's happening ... you have no idea of what you 're talking about . 
   actually , the less important . 
  it lacked some rights other ` soviet republics ' had . 
  not to mention the unequal government spending . 
  actually , the most important , just because the ussr spent more on the other states in percentage , it does n't mean that russia was , by far , the most important part . 
  hey , i remember this from 2003 !, 
   yes !, 
  never been with a woman with pubs ... well , i 've been with women with pubs xd though nowadays it 's not like it used to be , i still remember when i was in school that a few girls grew some facial hair ( the bu\u00e7o ) or when i still go to the village in tr\u00e1s-os-montes and all the elderly are still packing what can be called a light moustache - just from seeing that , it has always made me sick to my stomach , let me tell you : x, 
   galecian women i tell you !, 
  down here , our moor women have no single hair in their private parts !, 
  down there ? 
  are you talking about a brazilian wax ? 
    portugal - hairy women   really ? 
  yeah , some [ old women even have a moustache ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yhvj4.jpg ) , do n't act all surprised . 
   i 'm starting to fear that you 've joined some kind of party youth by how obstinate ( may be a wrong impression ) you seem to be in your positions . 
  nope . 
   is n't it argentina at the moment that is even more protectionist ? 
  yes , but brazil is the larger market over there . 
   was n't sure if he only said ireland because my flair indicates i 'm irish , do n't get me wrong i love ireland . 
  i 'm serious , why would i answer because op is irish ? 
  i 've been to ireland and it was great , what else can i say ? 
  transatlantic free trade ? 
  brazil first needs to stop being so damn protectionist . 
  when will this debate end ? 
  it 's getting tiresome . 
  ireland, 
   i saw that post before getting off the computer and the next day i did n't even remember to answer xd aka chicken out  isflasf ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rz35s.jpg )  faggit [ if this ai n't love ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tioavs0nbfc ) btw , i should be a negro like the chick in the video , your reaction would have been even funnier xd, 
   that was n't meant to be taken literally [ & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232  ( http://i.imgur.com/03uqd.png ), 
  i like it when you make passionate love to me . 
  i know nobody gives a flying fuck about nobody 's tags , but damn , why is it that you always have to do exactly what my tag says about you , `` hates the germans '' huonym ? 
  while i do enjoy reading your posts and seeing you argue with others , i also really like arguing with you . 
  however , unlike most people , i know you well enough and we 're alike enough for me to dodge all the shit you throw my way and then teasing you a bit like you mock others . 
  [ brofist ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cc7ra.jpg ) even the other day , damn , you ranting about abortion and liberty and the free market and my final post felt like landing a perfect kick and scoring goal , you did n't even reply , i remember that i say isflasf without saying what it was and even googling to see if it would be any help and it was n't and you did n't even ask what it meant xd i love you , you weird fuck < 3, 
   i 'm not against your brand of austerity . 
  austerity is n't a brand nor does with different flavours . 
  `` in economics , austerity refers to a policy of deficit-cutting by lowering spending via a reduction in the amount of benefits and public services provided . '', 
  if someone labels austerity as tax increases or as something else , then they 're either mistaken or trying to fool you , that 's not what austerity is . 
   the austerity we are doing is effectively ruining our gdp in both the short and the long term . 
  because we 're simply cutting spending and not doing anything else ( not liberalising the market , not slashing bureaucracy , still not privatising several state-owned companies , not cutting taxes ) ? 
  you 're right , we 're not doing that and we should . 
  though , this is n't related to austerity , it 's related to the promotion of growth . 
   so stop defending an imaginary austerity . 
  you 're the one which has the labels mixed up . 
  for example , when the in the news they mention `` new austerity measures '' and then talk about tax increases , that 's not austerity nor do i support that . 
   i am obviously speaking about the austerity effectively being practiced in europe , i 'm not arguing semantics about what austerity means . 
  well , semantics matter , if i say the a-word and you say the a-word and this word is being used with different meanings , then it gets confusing . 
  i say we go by the books and define things properly , so when you say austerity is this and it is wrong , i 'll tell you austerity is n't that and it 's actually beneficial . 
  though you 're right , we 're doing a lot of things labelled as austerity which are very stupid and will harm us on the long run . 
   you seem to think i want europe to pay for more stuff here . 
  i thought it was clear that what i want is for the well off european countries to follow more expansionary policies , perhaps helped by an european wide lending mechanism , coupled with the kind of `` austerity '' you defend here .
