   also , the lack of government institutions in somali is something i abhor . 
  what they 're doing there in that regard is n't letwing , it 's i-don ` t-give-a-fuck-wing . 
  are n't you supporting a left government but with small authority ? 
  i do n't know how that works but it might be just that , no government at all . 
   i 'm saying that all the financial troubles and the social problems derived from them that the west is facing can be ansered by leftwing policies . 
  what problems and what solutions ? 
  most of the leftwing solutions are something like `` there 's fluctuations in the market , we need to kill the market '' . 
  it 's insane , you always try to regulate everything and run things yourselves and end up killing all the business in the process . 
  just establish a justice system and leave some basic guidelines with regards to business practises like safety and environmental controls , do n't go full commietard by saying shit like `` nationalise everything '' , `` abolish private property '' , `` greed is evil , kill the bankers '' and `` regulate all the things '' , that has never ever worked nor will it ever work !, 
   i say get a room you two there 's no need to be that jealous , 
   i do n't actually mind them . 
  they 'll be genuinely astonished by everything and are frequently ignorant of us whilst we 're knowledgable of them which makes me feel intelligent . 
  they 'll also dote on my accent endlessly forever , which is nice . 
  even if they 're idiots , it 's still a complement and i 'll take them where i can :p it might be relative , i for one seem to be much more found of brazilians than most people on the internet , it might be one of those things :p, 
   because i do n't actually want you to stop :p if you can prove that portugal 's a good place to live and holiday then you 're just making people 's lives better whilst inadvertently making your country richer . 
  this is what i 'm trying to do . 
   ( without scamming people ) & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;  i do the same thing with all of my american friends in the hopes that one day the us will become poor due to americans spending all their money on expensive british exports . 
  ugh , americans are annoying , i 'd only tell americans to come here if they are indeed very wealthy . 
  if they 're just your common american , it 's often not worth the hassle , they 'll just go `` oh my gawd the buildings here are older than merica , right ? '', 
  or `` are people from portugal also free ? '' . 
  not that i 'm biased against them or anything , it 's them that are ( for the most part ) ignorant of the rest of the world and it 's much more tiresome to deal with them than with everybody else . 
   honestly who cares what he has to say . 
  yeah , who cares about what a british tycoon has to say , it 's not like he 's one of the wealthiest people in the uk and it 's not like he 's at the head of a multimillionaire corporation employing several tens of thousands of people , he 's certainly not a redditor with the username whitemensrights , unlike you , he 's just a fool nobody cares about . 
   stop trying to steal our educated work force !, 
  / s i do n't know why you placed the / s in the end there , that 's precisely what i 'm trying to do . 
  :p we benefit from everyone that comes here to work or spend money and the people that come here benefit because they get paid for their work or they get to have a great time and enjoy our country . 
   ah , yes . 
  the original conversation with your dear friendo tugasnake that originated the conversation you linked to was about how he hates black people and africa and how white people are genetically superior to black people ( you know , all those clever things only a superior being would barf down their brain ) . 
  it was a thread about the rich people paying for the crisis , it was nothing about tugasnake and the shit he posts on r/niggers and the like . 
  or ` limited resources are a problem of rightwing politics and not libertarian left politics . ', 
  which is outright retarded . 
  say that to anyone , they 'll tell you it 's retarded . 
  limited resources are a problem of there being limited resources on this universe , heck , even if there was unlimited food and unlimited water and unlimited oil and unlimited animals , you still need time to extract and process those goods and time itself is a resource , so we 'd still be limited in that regard . 
  unless `` libertarian left '' is some jesus multiplying the fishes and the bread and wine which never runs out , do n't say such stupid bullshit , that right wing limits us with regards to resources but left wing leads to post-scarcity . 
   rightwing politics do little to promote stable growth and an ecological management of resources . 
  they 're all about plundering for profit . 
  libertarian politics , which have been and are applied in small scale , do the contrary . 
  you 're already changing the meaning of your words . 
  regardless , how does that rightwing and leftwing work , actually ? 
  nazi germany was the antithesis stable growth and ecological management and soviet russia the proof that we can promote stable and sustainable growth ? 
  or maybe lests drop the authoritarian states and replace them with more democratic ones - how do you explain switzerland which is , by all standards , very rightwing , and yet presents stable growth and prosperity and , on the libertarian end , somalia , where there is n't even a state to keep the order and yet they have shortages of everything and would n't really say their country has stable growth as they do n't present any growth at all !, 
  i honestly do n't know which crack pipe you 've been smoking to defend anarcho-sindicalism or whatever you 're trying to present as an alternative to the current systems that predominate in the western world . 
   i 've been inclined to do this for sometime , my skills are n't as needed as some others but i 'd probably feel much more at home in portugal than here in the uk just for how hostile some britons can be to me . 
  the portuguese will either be indifferent or will actually try to help you . 
  while portugal might not be the country with the best economic situation , people will surely be as helpful as they can and will do their utmost to help you , specially because you 're a foreigner who came here from the outside . 
  in algarve , which is where most britons go , there even are radios and newspapers fully in english !, 
  not that you 'd ever be able to miss the language as we subtitle everything that 's not meant for kids under 5 and so when you turn on the tv you 'll be able to understand everything . 
  if you do take this more into consideration , you can stop by r/portugal and present all the questions , everyone will be glad if they can be of any help , 
   if only these countrymen of mine could realise the truth in this statement , instead of defending their castles from non-existent threats . . 
  if the uk does end up leaving the eu , please come live to portugal . 
  that way you 'll remain in the eu and you 'll still feel close to home . 
  people here will probably treat you better than they treat you there , so there 's nothing to be afraid of . 
  also , our weather is better . 
   destroying the economy and the productive tissue of a country is not good for europe , there is the need of a european policy to tackle the huge unemployment you know how you tackle unemployment ? 
  by reducing taxes . 
  you know what low taxes imply ? 
  cutting public spending and austerity . 
  if you really want to promote employment and economic growth , you 'd be for and not against austerity . 
   the never ending austerity for austerity sake what the fuck ? 
  austerity is n't for austerity sake , it 's to bring [ this massive debt ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/government-debt-to-gdp ) down !, 
  if we had , say , a debt to gdp ratio of 60 and we were doing these cuts , i 'd be with you , i 'd say it was n't necessary . 
  but on the contrary , our public debt is larger than our own gdp !, 
  arguing against the spending cuts when our debt is this massive is arguing against the country itself , it 's just not sustainable , not even close !, 
  if we want to keep things working properly on any long term scale , we need to be spending less and bringing this debt back to acceptable levels !, 
   the recessive spiral the countries are in while the economy does n't grow , that will be difficult . 
  if you want to make the economy grow , again , you do n't need public spending for that ( public spending only redistributes wealth by taxing and spending , it does n't actually create wealth ) , it only needs to assure the conditions for generating growth ( such as lowering taxation , increasing the flexibility of the labour market , making our justice system working again and reducing bureaucratic requirements , for example ) . 
  again , this is irrelevant to austerity , austerity simply means to cut public spending , it does n't mean `` salt the fields and burn the villages '' like you must think it does . 
   blindy doing what the troika wants without any concern of how it will affect the country is plainly stupid . 
  hey , it was us who invited them in because we were one month away from not having money to pay public workers !, 
  and if we want their money , we must follow their rules . 
  it 's not like we have any alternative . 
   did you catch that ? 
  now seriously , that 's the type of things trolling comments make me spew . 
  i remember you accusing me of saying ` scarcity and limited resources were the fault of right wing policies ' but i know i was saying something else , i do n't remember what though . 
  i have it printscreened you know :p  i think we were talking about africa and the fact that right wing policies ( be it from western inevstors or african katana-leaders ) have taken away anything useful from those lands and the people . 
  i stand by that point . 
   i have n't changed . 
  maybe i have n't got my point across all that often because i waste my time answering back at all the trolling . 
  nah , it 's not just that , you 're indeed a bit different , i still remember when you said scarcity and limited resources were the fault of right wing policies on r/portugal or even here on r/europe when you said that my ideas made your insides boil , those things are memorable , now it 's as if we can have a conversation and agree on a couple of things , it 's odd . 
   when i said ` get rid of that , no more debt ' i was commenting more on the ongoing reckless spending of the last decades until nowadays ( it still goes on , though the current government pretends to be an even-cutter of all things ) and not so much on something that can be done now that we 're in the shitter . 
  it should have been the main economic policy since 1976 . 
  damn turnusb , you 've changed . 
   the only thing special about the current reckless governemnt spending is hat it 's made worse by that same government 's senseless cuts . 
  cuts are always good in reducing spending . 
  where we reduce spending , that 's an whole other issue , but still . 
   respectfully , david cameron did not say that . 
  what he said is the part i indicated agreement with . 
  oh , my bad , sorry . 
   i 'm curious to know what you think insulting all british people when you hear one dissenting british voice is supposed to achieve . 
  a spirit of european unity , maybe ? 
  just quoting [ david cameron on ukip ] ( http://audioboo.fm/boos/1079562-david-cameron-ukip-a-bunch-of-fruitcakes-loonies-and-closet-racists ) , mate . 
   the deficit is not going down , the debt is going up so we 're not cutting enough , we need more austerity to stop with the deficits . 
   what you di n't yet grasped is that this path is not solving anything , is only making the problems worse , is not about not wanting to pay , you wo n't be able to pay shit by the end of this year . 
  so the deficit is not going down and you still want to renegotiate ? 
  will you ask for more time when what we actually need is tougher measures ? 
  how crazy is that ? 
   but hey , let 's continue to nationalize banks like banif wtf ? 
  if anything , we should stop spending money on those !, 
   let 's keep putting money into banks at the expense of the tax payer or let 's stop the state from being such a burden to the tax payer and stop it from putting money be it on banks or on labour unions or on whatever that should receive no public funds . 
   because banks is all that matter what ?
