  europe 's sleeping , americans are everywhere . 
  they think you 're a republican because you 're talking about economic policy and not supporting full blown socialism - no wonder you 're getting so downvoted :\\ try again when it 's not 2am gmt, 
   i 'll take the upvotes for my replies anyway :-) karma whore detected . 
  yes , they really have it going great for them , i 'd hate it if they screw it up and started milking it - but so far they still have a lot of things to tell and things might just be awesome and interesting from start to finish . 
  season 3 has already been announced and they are 50 minute episodes . 
  still , i fully agree with countvontroll - aschebescher , do watch it , it 's amazing , one of the best series i 've ever seen . 
  besides , it 's summer , when you get your holidays , you 'll have some free time and , well , game of thrones is just great and it would be a very nice way of spending it . 
  that map is certainly wrong . 
  argentina , namibia and northern africa should be blacker and australia should be whiter . 
  at least it 's no longer just `` sweden . 
  yes . '', 
  he 's trolling you . 
  and the hand that feeds us is mostly our own , we also pay taxes and they 're also used to pay for the fuckups here and elsewhere as well . . 
  he 's right , the article was filled with rampant generalizations . 
  i still do n't get how you state some things that went wrong in sicily and go with `` corruption and nepotism haunt southern europe '' as the title . 
  it 's pure sensationalism . 
  that 's ... genius !, 
  \u2665 erds \u2665 ? 
  it would be much more appealing if it was \u2665 nerds \u2665 !, 
  yeah , with union i could have meant the uk or the eu . 
  sorry for the ambiguity . 
  i was talking about the eu and how scots do n't want to be left out of it . 
   just assume that in my drawing scotland voted for independence from the uk and , unlike the english , decided they wanted to be within the eu . 
  dude , dude , chill , chill , it 's just a map i drew for shits and giggles , not an official document found in brussels !, 
  no need to get that serious !, 
  with countvontroll as president , they paid their debts . 
  russia , turkey , kazakhstan , azerbaijan , iran , syria , iraq , tunisia , algiers and morocco within the eu but southern england excluding cornwall outside of it ? 
  0/10 , would not bang . 
  [ here 's how to paint like a pro . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raxanyjtf18 ), 
  unified ireland because the northern irish wanted to be in the eu . 
  norway because fossil fuels do n't last forever and they wanted to join while they had the upper hand and do n't pull an iceland and only apply when things start going wrong . 
  but perhaps you 're right , 2020 is a bit too early for so many considerable changes . 
  this is a map and england and wales decided they did n't want to join the rest of europe when they federalised , 
  [ sweden . 
  bah , that was a drawing i made in less than 5 minutes on ms paint :p i 'm sure if europe consolidates some more , the uk wo n't be left behind . 
  it 's not exactly easy but there can be a consensus on an european level . 
  none taken , you brave troll . 
  :p what 's so wrong about it ? 
  i just went with the flow and did what a lot of britons seem to want , to be out of the union . 
  since scots do n't seem to be so eager to leave the union , i guess they went the independence way and northern ireland did the same afterwards . 
  i even drew kosovo and belarus inside the union but everybody just seems to notice how i drew the british isles . . :\\, 
  no , i like the english . 
  i just do n't think they 'd want to be in the eu by 2020 so i made them a favour by not painting them blue as well . 
   they are in the business of making money . 
  nobody is in the business of losing money . 
  sorry , i suck at ms paint : http://i.imgur.com/f8we9.png, 
   we already owe more than what we make in a year , if we where truly dedicated we could pay , alas we are not , so i 'm afraid txampion wo n't get all his money back . 
  i guess we 'll have to work harder and to stick to our commitments . 
  besides , it 's not something we 're meant to pay in a year . 
  even if the economy stagnated for 20 years , 5 % a year for 20 years would be enough to pay for 100 % of our gdp in debt . 
  and nobody ever pays its debts fully , we 're only required 60 % of gdp . 
  we are n't exactly rich but it would be swell if we managed to pull a lannister and pays our debts . 
  we need to if we want to remain competitive and prosperous on the long run . 
   us federalism also started with the idea of keeping most power to the states and look where that ended . 
  thankfully we 're not the us and i do n't really foresee a civil war over slavery . 
  oh , and that argument is also for a stronger central state . 
  you basically said if it were the states who hold the power and not the capital in dc , they would n't have that issue . 
  even ron paul supports more power to the states , do n't you idolize ron paul ? 
  x )  you want to go from 8 to 80 . 
  do we really need european federalism ? 
  is n't free trade and joint defense enough ? 
  considering our performance in this financial crisis , apparently not . 
  besides , we 're striving to be better than everyone else , and you ca n't go against china , india , russia or the usa fragmented as we are now and expect to come out on top . 
   like we 're going to pay them in full anyway ... 
  i think we actually will . 
  we would n't with that mentality , that 's for sure !, 
   this is the time for more anarchy , not further centralization of power . 
  i believe the term you 're looking for is federalism , not anarchy . 
  if so , i agree , local matters need to be solved at local level . 
  european matter , on the other hand , would be best solved if everyone acted the same way , not in 27 or 28 different ways . 
   compare 16th century china with europe , how did thinking big work out for them ? 
  compare europe till 1945 and europe post 1958 ( treaty of rome ) and tell me how european integration was n't and is n't a success . 
  sorry , tumblr is n't my thing :p, 
  wow , tumblr is leaking xd, 
   right now a weaker currency would help us get to a point where we could compete on the same level with the germans . 
  a weaker currency would also make it much more difficult to pay your debts and to import what you need , while the growth on exports would n't be that significant as you 're in the european market - leaving the euro would make it harder for your largest market to buy portuguese and you 'd also lose the advantage you have against non-euro countries ( no matter how much you devalue your currency , you do n't want to get into a race to the bottom with countries like china , india or indonesia ) . 
   i just want my country to be monetarily sovereign still thinking in only this little corner of europe ? 
  think big , think europe !, 
   because i do n't like it t_t jotinha cobarde . 
  xdd  an opinion that most people in the euro zone seem to share . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdf5n-zi14 )  and yes germany has a easier time exporting to other euro zone countries , but then that comes at the cost of having to support them since we can not compete against germany . 
  either you change or you die , it 's called competition and in a globalized world you ca n't afford to be disconnected from the rest of the economies . 
  besides , it 's the consumer who benefits the most . 
  for a libertarian , you 're quite protectionist . 
  firstly , i do n't know how much stronger the deutsche mark would be when compared to the euro and secondly their industry would have a much harder time exporting to the eu , their biggest market . 
  with the euro they can more easily import essential products that are n't found in europe ( like oil and other fossil fuels ) and they can export freely to the rest of the free market , specially in the eurozone , as the currency is the same . 
  and why are you so eager to criticize the euro ? 
   i think along the centuries we develop a deep distrust of anything spaniard , and i do n't think it will go very soon . 
  nah , we have n't been at war for some 200 years , it 's mostly all talk because of football and the like , there 's no hatred , nobody calls the spanish evil and nobody avoids going to spain on vacations or looking for work because they 're spanish . 
  in fact , i must be of the few portuguese that never went to benidorm or ibiza not even once !, 
  everyone seems to go there at least once in their life and everyone seems to love it . 
  the rivalry is n't serious , people say they do n't really like them because football and because they pretend they do n't understand portuguese but when it comes down to actually dealing with spanish , everyone is always very friendly and welcoming . 
   you saw them as allies while they treated portugal like a mere interest they did save our butts a lot of times . 
  germany does n't really import much oil from other eu countries . 
  [ carlos ii de espa\u00f1a ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/juan_de_miranda_carreno_002.jpg ) the last spanish habsburg ... 
  i mean , he was a retard , but there 's no need to be that mean to them !, 
  their industry might disagree , considering their biggest market is in the eurozone and if they were n't in the euro they 'd be at a disadvantage . 
   if someday we join portugal , i think we will learn from them and they from us , and in the long run would worth it .
