   despite it is a nonviolent demonstration , the violence will erupt as a cause with 100 % certainty . 
  how do you know that ? 
  you 're confusing the public-debt interest rates with the competitiveness of the market . 
  troika 's main goal is to cut back on the public spending and to improve their interest rates so their state can more easily finance itself - meddling on their private market to make it more competitive is secondary . 
  troika 's measures are n't that relevant , specially when we 're talking about a f1 track - it 's not like greece 's high wages in the public sector will drive a f1 track away from there and into shanghai . 
  but you 're absolutely right , as of now , attracting foreign investment onto greece will prove a challenge , it will certainly not be an easy task to reform to their economy and to make them more competitive ( be it in this sector or in others ) . 
  however , this is n't an argument for in favour of the state ( aka the taxpayers ) to take the risk on their own and to invest on a f1 track ( or in wherever ) which , in the end , might never even prove a good investment . 
  here in portugal we have plenty of examples of that - we built stadiums like crazy for euro 2004 and now they 're just sitting there draining money for maintenance while giving no real benefits back to society . 
  they might be pretty and all but they 're still wasteful spending of public money and they 're still driving down the economy and making life much harder for us now . 
  the greeks are certainly better off without a f1 track than they would be if the state built one and it proved useless . 
  if they want competitiveness and to attract foreign investment , they 'd be much better off with measures like simplifying their tax-code , reducing the tax rates for companies ( be them f1 companies or of anything else ) , liberalising their labour market and reforming their justice system so that extra assurances are given to investors and greece proves a much more desirable place to start a business in . 
  not by having their state continuing to waste more money in the hopes that it might pay off in the future . 
   so , keep doing the pro-cyclical thing that 's working so well ? 
  what do you mean by pro-cyclical ? 
  that an unregulated economy leads to cycles and therefore we should maximize government intervention to smooth them ? 
  no , cycles are part of the system , they come and they go and you can very well regulate the market - without interfering with its proper functioning or without going out of the state boundaries - so that the downturns do n't go this low . 
  for starters , do n't allow banks and insurance companies to gamble with their customers money and well-define their boundaries . 
  i 'm not even going to comment on what started this back in '08 with us corporations like goldman and aig together with the rating agencies working together in betting against their own clients . 
  in essence , never deepen the crisis with bailout however , this is in no way an argument for these deformed keynesian economics where governments use the crisis as an excuse to spend all they can and try to make things look not as bad as they actually are so they can keep in power at the expense of future generations which will pay dearly for the debt that is now being contracted . 
   what greek private sector would have the money or be able to get lent the money to do this ? 
  it does n't have to be the greeks to invest in greece . 
  if a portuguese went there and built a f1 track and it proved successful , the greeks themselves would also benefit a lot from it ( more money in the economy , increased tourism revenues , higher employment , yada yada yada ) . 
  you just need to create the proper conditions and the private sector ( regardless of their country of origin ) will surely get things going , provided that it 's an worthwhile investment . 
   additionally , as far as i know , they have n't , specifically in this project , outspent anything yet . 
  good , because they should n't . 
  even here in portugal you see plenty of state-owned companies with chronic debt and privates who offer the same services in the green . 
  why should we as a society support this waste of resources ( be it here or there - in this eu community , we all pay for the mistakes of one ) when the private sector can provide the same services without requiring taxpayer funding ? 
  if this was a thing , africa would be rich and we 'd all be blacks by 2100 . 
  higher taxes ( + inefficient justice system ) = more incentives to commit tax evasion . 
  those that can afford it , move abroad . 
  those who ca n't , try their luck in fooling the system to keep their rates as low as possible . 
  as for the greek government , they could reform their justice system to better fight fraud and/or lower taxes to make it more unworthwhile to try and not pay them . 
   could n't this be good ? 
  as in , attracting tourism and eventually giving the greek economy some growth it desperately needs ? 
  it 's not the government role to gamble on such investments with public money . 
  everything they can do , the private sector has more incentives to do better . 
  they more than outspent any reasonable amount of money and they 're in massive debt , more loans and more spending now is suicide . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad investment , i 'm just saying that it 's certainly not something that it 's of the responsibility of the government . 
  they ought to cut back on all this wasteful spending and instead focus on removing the barriers on the market so that the private sector can work more efficiently and it being private entities instead worrying about such investments . 
  you gave them bmws ? 
  so the eu is out fucking everybody but fucking slightly less the northern countries ? 
  all of this for shits and giggles ? 
  lol, 
   your kind of argument is commonly called `` populism '' and a major reason for developing countries staying poor . 
  so i 'm part of the problem . 
  odd , considering i 've never been to greece , but whatever you say . 
   and also in greece there is now an increasing amount of that kind of argument that does all but help in the current situation . 
  i state that it 's difficult to create a successful business in greece , you ask for proof , i say that it 's self-evident , you say i 'm part of the problem and i 'm not helping . 
  dude , what the heck is wrong you ? 
  nice argument , bro, 
   any source or just made up because it fit your argument ? 
  yes , you got me there , i made it up , it 's actually extremely easy to start a business in greece , their low unemployment is proof of that . 
  if that was the case , the unemployment rate in all of the eu would be similar to that of greece . 
  i found it funny / s, 
   well done eu , great vision !!, 
  yes , it was the eu that fucked up greece . 
  it 's their fault and their fault alone that things got to be this bad . 
  that 's quite difficult with their interest rates , the bureaucracy required and their tax rates . 
  they can surely try , but it 's a lot more difficult for greeks to start their business there than it would be to start them elsewhere . 
  it 's still freer than most `` free markets '' around . 
  they 're on schengen , so no . 
   honestly i popped out for an hour and downvotes all round for anyone who is not on the more federalisation train . 
  [ all aboard the circlejerk train to karmaville !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqo2hc1qyuc ), 
  if you really like the uk , you should let them choose their own future . 
  do n't worry , even if they leave the eu , they 'll still be around . 
  a couple of years ago , we had some snow here . 
  because otherwise the trees would get cold and that ca n't be healthy , duh !, 
  wait , do n't you guys learn in school about everyfuckingbody that was ever where you are now ? 
  quick , ask for france 's and the uk 's help , they want gda\u0144sk back !, 
   sieg means victory and heil is hail , but grammatically it 's just as awkward as `` victory hail '' would be in english . 
  it 's not something anybody would have ever said normally , if the nazis had n't introduced it . 
  so i guess it 's just as awkward to call someone who bothers too much about grammar of a `` grammar nazi '' . 
  [ disgraceful . 
  not really , that [ czech candidate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5lkmw.jpg ) had a much prettier one . 
  no wonder , they 're both turks . 
  he 's an untermensch trying to be part of a purer race . 
  quite sad to see , actually . 
  even [ hitler had more swag ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oifuk.jpg ) than he does . 
  [ is this western pigdog serious ? 
  just because the island of taiwan is under the occupation of armed rebels supported by the us military , it does n't mean that the island is not part of the people 's republic of china . 
   i live in the uk now and it 's unheard of . 
  so because you do n't hear about it , it does n't exist . 
  good to know . 
  yeah , tax the rich massively and everything will be just dandy . 
  as an european , i 'm more concerned about france than i am about the millionaires . 
  if france drives them away and continues to get into debt , the whole stability of the union can be severely compromised . 
  that 's what worries me , hollande 's government recklessness and the future of the eu . 
  [ al al al al ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arabic_influence_on_the_spanish_language ), 
  nah , all he 'd need to do pull it off there would be to hide in a grassy knoll . 
   if portugese may i suggest you first learn how to write before starting an argument on the internet ? 
   you do realize that uk and france still maintain certain territory acquired in the age of imperialism , right ? 
  and portugal as well . 
  your post would be funnier if you did n't post it in a saturday morning . 
  til india is in europe . 
  being smacked around and occupied by every neighbour is progress now ? 
  [ they did n't lost to algeria , they imported them intro france proper . 
  no internet in french catalonia . 
  anne frankly , i 'm offended !!!!! 11 !,
