   i have a very ~ ~ love - ~ ~ hate relationship with electronic music traitor . 
  how could i forget ? 
  in fact , it 's also saved on my images , i 'll never forget such awesomeness x ) how , and to make up for the uk teasing one , here , a [ pic taken on the falklands ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u2im8.jpg )  yeah , go uk !, 
  your flag , miffins123 !, 
  xd my contributions : [ image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zploi.jpg ) , europe as seen from africa . 
  [ bonus image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pw7db.png ) , not about europe but about the uk and their former empire . 
  ( yes , i know i can be an asshole sometimes xp ), 
  if that 's so , then why do cops always put me down when i try to free myself from the oppressive shackles of clothing in public ? 
   hurr , why u hating us for defending our freedums ? 
  typical american . 
  dude , you 're just being lazy , you could mock them but no , you just put a pic saying `` faggot '' . 
  :\\ something like would be much more adequate : http://i.imgur.com/mqvct.jpg step up your game , playa !, 
  a different point of view , a more cautious way of dealing with problems , that 's certainly not a problem , it 's actually welcomed . 
  however we both know that that is not what often comes from the uk , most of the times it 's outright refusal in making new commitments and constant non-constructive criticism to everything the eu does , as if europe was out to harm the uk 's interests . 
  that 's what i find most puzzling . 
  oh , come on , really ? 
  it does n't even look like hitler 's moustache , it 's too wide . 
   whats wrong with sitting back to see if the eu can surivive its first major crisis ? 
  everything , you do n't solve a crisis by sitting back . 
  yes . 
  or they can not accept europe and leave , that would work as well , possible with a worse outcome for us both but it would be fine as well , i guess . 
  it 's up for them to decide if they want to commit to europe or not , to end their debate regarding the eu once and for all . 
  they either fully commit themselves to this project or they abandon it , it 's not viable for them to remain in while also criticizing so heavily the union they chose to be a part of and trying to halt all efforts the eu makes for further union . 
  in portuguese , juxtaposition is when words are joined together perfectly with an hyphen ( ex : guarda-chuva = guarda + chuva ) and agglutination is when words are altered and mixed up ( ex : aguardente = \u00e1gua + ardente ) . 
  [ translation . 
  ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/?hl=en&amp;tab=wt#pt | en | % c3 % a1gua % 0aardente % 0aaguardente % 0a % 0aguarda % 0achuva % 0aguarda-chuva ) sorry for the mix up . 
  lol , i got ta admit that was funny, 
  yes , you 're right , i totally forgot that : $, 
  all the agglutinations make german an interesting language , i see . 
  what can be done , then ? 
   there are extremists in every country . 
  so i guess it 's ok for them to play world police . 
  brb , gon na spy on some british , we have to protect you from your extremists . 
   do you even know what you have a problem with or do you just generally hate the us ? 
  i just mentioned two examples and you want more ? 
  i do n't hate the us , i just think they could be a lot less shitty in how they handle foreign affairs . 
   ( according to press.tv that is , who are a propaganda network ) if you google it , i 'm sure you 'll find more sources . 
  i chose not to link to the daily mail , but there was info on it as well . 
   i 'm not entirely sure why you think the fact that they 're doing their jobs means they have excess funding , although i 'm sure you have some entertaining reason for believing it . 
  lol , not really , i mean , it just strikes me as odd that they 'd be spying here . 
  after all , [ denmark has a great alliance and partnership with the us ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erypxze9pxs ) . 
   have they done stupid shit ? 
  sure , they have . 
  does that mean they commit random acts of wanton violence without motive ? 
  sure , you 're absolutely right . 
  though , yet again , i ca n't really trust a country that lies to his own people about wmds in a country so it can invade it , i certainly ca n't say for a fact that in their military there are n't people who are outright insane . 
  so yeah , while i 'm sure they had nothing to do with it , if they did , it would n't be that surprising , considering their record . 
  you can always put them on a raft and send them to africa . 
  if they try to come back and invade us again , we have a navy and can sink them the moment they enter eu territorial waters . 
  ok , now seriously , their country ca n't refuse to accept them back , it 's ridiculous . 
  ca n't we get them to accept them back with diplomacy or by not trading with them if they do n't accept their citizens back ? 
  i think the tunnel was made by the french . 
  i do n't know , ask them . 
  i 'm just saying , once they 're found [ spying in denmark ] ( http://edition.presstv.ir/detail/149757.html ) , i guess they just have excess funding and therefore might do stupid shit like this once in a while . 
  no , i do n't think the cia would smash graves in a ww1 cemetery in france , all i 'm saying is that they 've done stupider shit , so you can never really be sure . 
  well , since the american secret services apparently have money to waste on spying on danish citizens , i guess they could as well go around vandalizing graves . 
  i 'm not going to argue strongly against you as it 's 1am here and , yeah , anything i might say that goes against the american pov will get downvoted while europe sleeps . 
  but no , i do n't think you 're following a good foreign policy at all and no , i do n't think you 're even defending our country . 
  my country also has diplomatic relations and a foreign policy and it achieves those goals without requiring bloodshed and we can also defend ourselves without your help . 
   the uk in particular is n't very happy with the eu right now that 's in the uk and the uk alone , it seems , elsewhere people just do n't get all that angry about the eu . 
  sure , ukip and other crazies are getting recognition , but again , it seems to be an only english phenomenon , not and european one . 
  heck , even scottish independence seems to be fuelled by anti-eu sentiment in westminster , so i do n't know . 
  as for the democratic basis , nobody is arguing against it , the eu itself is a democratic organization , it would be unthinkable any other way . 
  i 'm not sure i follow . . 
  that problem often seems to be blown out of proportion . 
  no , i do n't think that 's a serious issue , that also happens on the national level and people do n't show concerns about this , why would it be different on an european scale ? 
  at least whenever i visit the countryside , people there do n't hate the city even though it 's them who run the show , 
   as long as the citizens will feel that the eu is a foreign entity we do n't know that , maybe most citizens do support the eu . 
  we can only tell if the people have a vote on the matter , and that will surely happen before any actual federalisation attempt . 
  well , some of our abstention is not because people suddenly do n't care but rather because the voting lists are n't updated that often . 
  you ca n't scream out that abstention is record high and democracy is n't working when you have a lot of dead voters , because like this you ca n't really tell , can you ? 
  downvoters obviously lack the swag 8 ), 
  [ no , this is patrick . 
  [ hugo boss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hugo_boss ) made the ss uniforms . 
  the first stanza in the german anthem still mentions the memel river in nowadays kaliningrad , lithuania and belarus . 
  by that logic , you 're still stuck in ww2 as well . 
  damn , it brings back memories . . now i wan na play it again !, 
  i posted that image because his face looks weird and in disbelief , not because i support labour , fuck no , i do n't x ), 
  it was , now instead of `` against the britons '' it 's `` against the cannons '' , so i guess it 's generic enough . 
   the portuguese economy is in crisis , the spanish economy is in crisis , the greece economy is in crisis . 
    these countries and others are ruled by right-wing governments . 
  maybe not as right-wing s you 'd wish , i reckon . 
  yet these governments got to power not too long ago , the portuguese psd was the one that as been in power for the most and even them have just completed only one year in power . 
  before that , all left wing governments . 
  it was them and their excessive spending that made us so vulnerable . 
  you ca n't just ignore their years and years in power and say were the way we are because in the last months , it 's right wing parties that are in power . 
  saying the right-wing is doing a bad job and that because of that it should be the left-wing to solve this is like blaming the firemen for your house burning down and suggesting it should be the arsonist the one handling the flames . 
   psd is centre-right by name only . 
   you were the one who started by defending the tea party and are now saying it 's useless to talk about them . 
  it makes all sense !, 
  regarding the usage of the portuguese language , it 's an european language and google translator is to be used . 
  dude , according to google translator , that would instead read as :  you did you start to protect the tea party and now you 're saying that it is useless to talk about them . 
  it makes sense !, 
  regarding the use protuguesa d language , is a european language and google translator is to be used . 
  do n't give everyone else a hard time , it 's just polite to write in english so everyone can understand it . 
  also , i did n't defend them tea party , i said `` bashing gop or the teaparty in r/europe is quite pointless '' . 
  so no , i did n't defend them , i started out by saying it 's pointless to discuss it , at least here . 
  if you really want to , i can tell you right now , no , i do n't support those idiots . 
  does this make you happier ? 
   what the fuck is wrong with us humans ?
