  if you want cheaper train fares , you can always try to invest in the business and make it run better . . and if you achieve that , you 'll make a lot of money . 
  alternatively you can be one of those socialist geniuses that think the government should pay for it and with that you can even have completely free train fares . . `` free '' as in you 'll pay twice as much through taxes , that is . 
   why are trains so expensive ? 
  because they 're highly inefficient , a remnant of the industrial revolution . 
   are you sure you 're not a gold bug ? 
  you keep saying you 're not , but you argue like one . 
  nope , i 'm not a supporter of the gold standard , tbh i think it 's silly to peg your currency to a commodity such as gold which can fluctuate randomly ( which may lead to random spikes of deflation or inflation ) and where the seigniorage gains are all concentrated on the hands of those who happen to be sitting on the new reserves of the metal . 
  either way , how is this relevant to the argument ? 
   well qe pretty much does that , it gives quite a lot of confidence that the economy will improve and that the collateral you accept from your debtors will be sound . 
  then why is that the velocity of circulation is at an all time low in the usa ? 
  their fed has kept interest rates at 0 % for the longest time and they 've had plenty of qe and yet there 's just not confidence that things will improve in the near future ? 
   no , it 's not just a problem of taxation , there is a bunch of other factors involved , including wages which this would help with , doing so with quite a lot less pain than internal devaluation is doing since so basically you 're saying that the portuguese workers should keep their nominal wages as is and expand the money supply so their real wages were cut ? 
   the currency is the same , and if we are doing austerity our inflation would be lower than germany . 
  inflation is a monetary phenomenon , if the ecb were to engage in qe then both countries would experience inflation . 
  as for austerity , it would n't be an issue if the cuts in public spending were at the same time cuts in taxation , though there 's more to it than this , there 's the public deficits and there 's the interest rates on the public debt . 
   in fact , that 's how germany got to be so competitive in the first place , by doing austerity while the others were n't doing it . 
  a more accurate description would be that germany is now more competitive in comparison to say portugal because they never were fiscally reckless in the first place . 
   doing so , they steadily made their wages lower relative to the other eurozone countries . 
  wages may be somewhat sticky but they 're still very flexible ( if labour legislation forbids this then the market adjusts not through the price of labour but by the quantity of labour , aka the explanation for the unemployment in countries with more restrictive labour laws ) , so that 's not an explanation , the german worker is paid that which he 's owed , proof of this is that their unemployment rate is n't very high nor is it very low . 
   have we ? 
  not so much for the europeans who no longer have a job , not so much for the europeans who went bankrupt , they have lost quite a bit of purchasing power . 
  in the same time , the brits and the yankees have gone through the same , in some situations worse than those in the euro area . 
  portugal , spain and greece and definitely the worst cases within the eurozone but do n't think for a second it has been all fine and dandy in the uk or in the us . 
   so what ? 
  that 's totally off topic . 
  you just look like a moron replying like that . 
  you 'll have to forgive me but so do you straw-manning me , dodging the issue and talking about qe as if it was a solution . 
   sure , the main problem in the euro area , in my opinion , is too much debt , the fall in value of the collateral used , too much leverage , and imbalances in terms of competitiveness . 
  i was under the impression that your problem was with the debt in the first places , the austerity cuts it requires and the unemployment from the higher taxes and the fall in demand due to the uncertainty . 
  because if you were to say qe was a solution to this , i 'd tell you that the debt would remain high if there was n't a cut in public spending , that unemployment would remain high because there would still be uncertainty and the velocity of circulation would continue to decrease and that on top of this you 'd have an higher level of inflation eating away at the purchasing power of those who are worse off ( while the financial system would be just dandy as they can hedge against inflation without any issue and they 'd be the ones getting the seigniorage gains ) . . fortunately you 're just saying qe is good for the financial sector , right ? 
   it would help states not having to save their banks which ruin their public finances at the end of the day , if your choice is between saving a bank with taxpayers ' money or with money fresh from the printing presses , it 's quite the same for everybody else , everybody will lose purchasing power , if not for taxation it will be for inflation . 
   it would help banks to start loaning again at a lower interest rate you must first also deal with the uncertainty and for that you need actual measures that the economy will improve , simple `` good-feeling animal spirits '' wo n't cut it , you need actual reforms , not mere speculation , otherwise the velocity of circulation will simply continue to fall as people will continue to save and be reluctant to invest . 
  not to mention that inflation in and of itself increases nominal interest rates . 
   it would help bridge the competitiveness gap in the periphery which would have lower inflation than germany due to the austerity measures that 's a problem of taxation , the effectiveness of public spending and of the liberalisation of the market , not a monetary phenomenon as the currency is the same . 
   the effects can be seen in the us and in the uk which are quite a lot better than they could have been had they not done this . 
  [ on average ] ( http://fxtop.com/en/historical-exchange-rates.php?ma=1 ) , in 2003 with 1 eur you could purchase 0.692 gbp or 1.131 usd , in 2013 you can with 1 eur purchase 0.853 gbp or 1.315 usd . . the euro has been the stronger currency , compared to the brits or the yankees , we have improved our purchasing power . 
  so unless you want a weaker euro and less purchasing power for the eurozone , you have to be supportive of the ecb for not keeping the issue of new currency under control . 
   that 's not hard to prove . 
  you look at employee wages and you look at profitability , same country , same period of time . 
  want me to fetch the data ? 
  sure , get all the data and get some correlation coefficients up in there as well . 
   it 's unfortunately not necessarily the case . 
  banks may elect to park the money at the ecb or do other things with it that more resembles `` putting it under their mattress '' than investment in the real economy . 
  sure , banks keep their money idle , that 's like super profitable , is n't it ? 
   i could , i guess , if i have the time , as a separate submission . 
  i do n't see how not doing so invalidates my criticism though . 
  your criticism is invalidated the second you made the assumption that it 's profitable for anyone to hoard money under inflation . 
   am i not allowed to criticise one 's cooking without cooking a better meal myself to offer them ? 
  a proper metaphor would be `` no , you 're not allowed to criticise one 's cooking if you do n't even know what food you 're talking about '' . 
   who the fuck was speaking about portugal , the portuguese banks were nowhere close to the levels of leverage seen in the uk and other places . 
  the fuck who was speaking about portugal was you in your first post :  i love this kind of logic , that conveniently forgets that without qe they would have to have done quite a lot of austerity and bailout quite a lot more banks , which would , of course , result in quite a lot more unemployment . 
  i wonder what that would do to the earnings of the poorest . 
  besides , qe also helps people that are n't `` rich '' at all and are paying down their mortgage and other debts . 
  are you or are you not a portuguese who constantly complains about austerity in portugal , unemployment in portugal and the price of mortgages and other debts the portuguese have ? 
  now , if you do n't mind , tell me exactly how qe aka printing money and handing it to the financial sector will help the euro area . 
   well , are you going to provide some evidence for that claim i was just spouting a random nonsense justification like you love to do . 
  how would you like to provide evidence for the claims of `` all the increase in productivity goes to the bank accounts of the owners of capital '' ?? 
   that 's what a recession/depression is essentially . 
  if all the money these people were making kept being invested in the economy , no one would be in recession . 
  so while you acknowledge that they deposit their money in the bank , you 're saying that the money is not being invested ?? 
  how the heck do you suppose banks make money ?? 
  do you think they make a profit and are able to pay interest rates to depositors by keeping it in their vaults ?? 
  sure , they can sell insurance and other services but the core of their activity is lending money of their depositors to people who need capital to make investments - so if you say rich people put their money in the bank then you must also acknowledge that their money is being invested and circulating back into the economy . 
   income distribution vs cost of living would be pretty nice and materialist . 
  then you can measure how easy it 's for people in the bottom x % of the income distribution to buy the basics . 
  then get the data and post it here and we 'll all be able to see how the living standards have been evolving in germany . 
   is that supposed to be an argument ? 
  was your first post supposed to sound clever ? 
  qe aka printing money and giving it to the banks is supposed to help the average joe ? 
   i will try and guess where you 're aiming at based on your goldbug worldview ... goldbug worldview ? 
  do you take me for a supporter of the gold standard ? 
   please tell me how they would recapitalize their banks without qe and what would be the result of that . 
  [ portugal 's central bank say banks have enough capital ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424127887324136204578644043170791384.html ) also , check out the [ anual report of banco de portugal ] ( http://www.bportugal.pt/pt-pt/publicacoeseintervencoes/bce/relatorioanual/publicacoes/rabce12pt.pdf ) , specially with regards to their capital ratios , they 're much higher now than they 've been ever since 2008 . 
   gdp represents purchasing power for the total of the economy , not for everyone . 
  look at germany for example . 
  their economy has been doing great when measured in gdp but standards of living have been stagnant or falling for way too long . 
  germans of r/europe , can you confirm or deny that your living standards have been stagnant or falling for way too long ? 
   it 's because all the increase in productivity goes to the bank accounts of the owners of capital . 
  or maybe the increase in gdp was n't larger than the increase in population ? 
  anyway , you sure have a twisted view of the world , `` the owners of the capital just leave their money sitting in their bank accounts , they do n't do anything at all with it and that money is never loaned to other people , it 's like they put it under their mattress . '', 
   when people say `` we must not think of the numbers but of the people '' they do n't literally mean it . 
  they mean that some celebrated metrics are not good indicators of standards of living so we must not uncritically be happy when they are going up . 
  so gdp is not a perfect way of evaluating the living standard of a society . . do you have any other alternatives ? 
  a `` good-feeling '' statistic , perhaps ? 
   i love this kind of logic , that conveniently forgets that without qe they would have to have done quite a lot of austerity and bailout quite a lot more banks , which would , of course , result in quite a lot more unemployment . 
  i wonder what that would do to the earnings of the poorest . 
  besides , qe also helps people that are n't `` rich '' at all and are paying down their mortgage and other debts . 
  you have no idea whatsoever of what quantitative easing actually is . 
   so , a good number will make people initially feel hopeful until they realise it has no impact in their lives ? 
  that `` good number '' represents purchasing power , the higher it is the better the living standards of the people in a society . 
  it 's retarded when people go `` we must not think of numbers but of the people '' when such numbers have such a direct impact on the life quality of individuals . 
   so what was the correlation you were suggesting with not the growth trend but the actual values , that a more liberalised labour market means a faster adjustment . 
   germany has a heavily regulated labor market and by law workers participate in the management of the company ( normally through trade union representatives ) . 
  its unemployment rate is 5.3 % . 
  germany among other things has no minimum wage and it 's much easier there than say in portugal or greece to fire an employee . 
   by contrast , the extremely unregulated ( by comparison ) us has an unemployment rate of 7.6 % . 
  by contrast , the usa has wage controls and its government is getting into massive debts with their deficit spending and their funding of wars , unlike germany . 
  not to mention that both countries are similar with regards to economic freedom . 
   by your quick and unscrupulous logic , we should conclude that heavy german-style labor market regulation , with mandatory workers ' representation in the board of directors , is better for employment . 
  you ca n't look only at that , cuba also has no unemployment and yet it 's a shithole , you could even end unemployment by paying people to dig ditches and fill them back up however the problem is n't employment but productive employment and for that you need a liberalised economy .
