  a lot , actually . 
  perhaps it would be best to ask what is right : s though we europeans also have our fair share of hypocrisy and blood in our hands , so we are also to be blamed in this . . 
   i know this is a bad answer , but it 's how i genuinely feel . 
  i found you trying to excuse yourself funny :p i also like the portuguese anthem one but surely wo n't say it 's the best , that would be too biased and corny . 
  x ) besides , if it 's a foreigner who says that , it will be much more credible and sound much better xd, 
  [ the usa 's foreign policy in a nutshell . 
  the [ russian one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ownjmwkczgk ) is great . 
  though the [ previous version ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ydrtner_5m ) was just amazing !, 
  ( and this is when euroskeptics get chills down their spine !, 
   uat2d , do n't tell me you 're a tea party sympathizer . 
  do you want a cookie as well ? 
  firstly , this is an european reddit . 
  if you want to pick on me , at least do it in english so everybody can understand it . 
  secondly , no , i 'm not - not as they 're now . 
  the initially stood for tax enough already ( which is fine , i guess ) , not for their current reactionary bs ( they can take their bigotry and go fuck themselves ) . 
  though it 's irrelevant because they 're not european and do n't affect my life at all . 
  anything else ? 
   while the right is divided between the capitalists and the racists , the left is now more about sustainable progress . 
  even he 's laughing at your stupidity : http://i.imgur.com/dynlx.jpg, 
   the scientific community in the us is n't that different from the worldwide scientific community ( many are foreign , actually ) . 
  they are very different from the us population . 
  yes , american scientists , clearly the most informed and unbiased people to talk about european politics . 
   i find it very revealing , you find that it goes against your world view so you disregard it . 
  quite incredible , coming from a right winger . 
  i find it revealing that you start by saying `` right wingers are either stupid , deceiving hypocrites , or both '' and still want to be taken seriously . 
   from your arguments , i can see that i 'm wasting my time writing this stuff , so i think i 'll let you take the cup . 
  so you start by saying `` all x are stupid '' and are trying to teach me about fallacies ? 
  are you really this dumb ? 
   i can see that i 'm wasting my time writing this stuff i can see you 're so full of yourself , it 's pathetic . 
   do i really need to give you all the things that the left promotes ? 
  social justice , public healthcare , education , infrastructure , sustainability , and so on . 
  if you 're going to talk in broad terms , do n't forget [ collectivizations ] ( http://www.loc.gov/exhibits/archives/ukra.html ) , [ political persecution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nkvd ) , [ class warfare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultural_revolution ) , [ forced labour ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulags ) and [ genocide ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khmer_rouge_period_%281975%e2%80%931979%29 ) . 
   you must be a jotinha . 
  you must be retarded . 
   opinion invalidated ? 
  yes . 
  in case you 're that thick , i can post link saying that in some dumbfuckistan scientists believe in x and therefore that 's the truth . 
   do you know scientists personally ? 
  i work with scientists on a daily basis . 
  i know what our general mind frame is like . 
  you 're clearly a scholar and the lord of knowledge . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't know that , i 'm obviously wrong then . 
  allow me to turn the tables on you and ask you your initial question but reversed . 
  can you give me an example of how a left winger could be a rational person instead of someone either misguided or greedy ? 
  please do n't deviate with more questions , answer me this and then we 'll talk . 
   and that 's in the us opinion invalidated . 
   i 'm sorry if the truth hurts you . 
  are you even serious ? 
  you 'll better check that if you ever decide to go into politics . 
   goodbye !, 
  according to google translator . 
  mr norwegian w00ster , bashing gop or the teaparty in r/europe is quite pointless , is n't it ? 
  i have a problem with that . 
  i hate talking porn and not having sauce . 
   there is a reason why most scientists have left-wing views . 
  dude , go back to fucking r/politics . 
  the original comment was  right wingers are either stupid , deceiving hypocrites , or both , so i do n't see what the surprise is . 
  that is like saying  left wingers are either stupid , deceiving hypocrites , or both , so i do n't see what the surprise is . 
  because of pol pot , mao zedong or joseph stalin . 
  no , you do n't get to make generalizations to an entire group because of the extremist assholes . 
  edit : this post was meant for hrodrik , sorry nimonic . 
  agreed . 
  if being right-wing automatically makes you a supporter of discrimination , then being left-wing makes you a supporter of forced collectivizations . 
  gocarsno , do n't pay much attention to it , upvotes and downvotes are worthless and mostly random , reddit just as easily upvotes people preaching against racism as it upvotes racist content , so do n't take it too seriously . 
  i 'm certainly not left-wing . 
  a policy the right-wing stands for that imo is positive is fiscal responsibility . 
  does this make me misguided or greedy ? 
  :| saying right-wingers are arrogant assholes is like saying the left-wingers are deluded communists . 
  idiots go both ways . 
  because nowadays that 's asking too much . 
  oink oink oink oink also , is n't that advertising oink oink ? 
  switzerland gon na swiss . 
  all because of switzerland !, 
  damn !, 
  well , old people might still frown upon it , but yeah , they do n't go around lobbying against it nor do they threat violence if their demands are n't met . 
  `` if you try to suck my dick , you 're going to get fucked ! '', 
  yep , sounds weird to me too , but whatever . 
   even so , imposing sharia law in uk is like catholics wanting to impose the inquisition in britain i do n't know , i mean , nobody expects the spanish inquisition !, 
  the uk and ethiopia are n't the same type of pot . 
  :p come on , mr. buzzkill , it 's a circlejerk , why bring serious discussion into it ? 
  i still see a lot of war . 
  damn american tv . 
  actually i just googled * sad candy * and that image was one of the first results x ), 
  dude , it was a typo , what he wanted to say is that this is a sad treat . 
  bacon < 3, 
  shut up whitey . 
  if you do n't like it here , go back to fucking usa . 
  dude , it 's their birthday and you 'll ruin it . 
  let the colonials have their little party , you know how they act when they are n't the centre of attention . 
  they 're still young , you know how it is . 
  nice try , capitan america, 
   why is n't he naming and shaming big countries that today have taken every opportunity to reject creation of a common banking regulator for the eurozone ? 
  because it 's counter-productive to put the blame on others and that 's more divisive than it is helpful . 
  it 's exactly what he was talking about , we 're in this together , not one against the other . 
   sorry , barroso is a failure , he is n't leading the eu to closer integration , he is leading his own political career , making sure big countries in the eu are satisfied while having no regard on how the markets will react and how the economy will work tomorrow . 
  today we are just adding new failures that somebody has to clean up tomorrow . 
  that is ridicules . 
  barroso is far from perfect but that 's your opinion , man . 
  [ three hurrahs for europe !, 
   if barroso would have calmly stated that we need more unity and we need to pull this together , i would believe this , but he was shouting and making a number .
