  i do n't understand , are you talking about efficiency wages ? 
   it can be argued that no minimum wage leads to even greater disparity between workers the greater disparities appear when you restrict some people free movement within the labour market . 
  [ here 's a video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ds0xxfdyfi ) explaining the impacts of such a policy on blacks in the usa . 
   thus minimum wages increase the quality of life for workers at the bottom ( bad for business , but a good objective for any government ) . 
  bad for business ? 
  bad for the unemployed worker , you mean !, 
  the minimum wage does n't increase the wages of the people at the bottom , it just gets those who happen to be below the threshold fired . 
  [ here 's a video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct1moeaa-w8 ) explaining the situation that actually takes place . 
   things like paying workers more means more consumption , so it helps the overall economy , and that it discourages people from entering into ` other ' sources of income ( theft , drugs , etc. ) . 
  the main problem is that a minimum wage does n't actually increase the wages of those who are worse off , it in fact hurts them much more than it actually helps them . 
   because humans are not slaves meant for nothing but work and should be able to actually live off from the money they earn . 
  fine , i agree with you . 
  but for that the minimum wage achieves nothing - people who already are able to live off the money they earn benefit nothing and people who ca n't live off the money they earn will become unemployable . 
   if an employer can hire somebody for 400 $ / month with no social security or other benefits and can fire a fully employed person that 's an improvement to the economist . 
  somehow . 
  and if the employee does n't want that , he can not become employed for that person . 
  as long as we 're talking about voluntary agreements , it 's a win-win to let everybody decide for themselves . 
   everybody should take a step outside , take a deep breath , and get real high . 
  [ let 's get high ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuowgmhdapy ) , 
   i do n't support this argument . 
  i 'd rather there was a minimum wage . 
  why ? 
  everything 's amazing and nobody 's happy . 
   whoever made this , you suck . 
  [ it was international business times ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/cyprus-bailout-eu-imf-small-change-compared-what-other-euro-zone-countries-including-spain-greece ) . 
  anyway , it does give the values so it 's not like one ca n't compare the actual size of the bailouts . 
   uat2d is a euro shill who 's main role in life is to dis-inform . 
  you got me , this is all part of a conspiracy , i was paid by european officials to post this graphic on r/europe , it 's part of a plot to in a near future ease the process of partitioning greece between brussels , germany , macedonia , turkey and the imf . 
  * [ muahahahahahah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7edeoeuxdmu ) *, 
   d\u00e1lia    bonus : people telling me `` did you know your name is a flower '' . 
  greetings , i 'm jos\u00e9 :p, 
   i must say i am very much disinclined to sign up to this ` protestant work ethic ' idea , as being a central part of what is happening now . 
  i ca n't see the difference in work culture between ireland , england , and northern ireland , at least . 
  and lest we not forget bavaria is strongly catholic . 
  agreed . 
  also , most people nowadays do n't give a crap about religion , so it 's not like that matters . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/cyprus-bailout-eu-imf-small-change-compared-what-other-euro-zone-countries-including-spain-greece ) damn , i never thought our gdp per capita was the lowest of the lot . 
   is n't it the fifth european language in the world ? 
  no , it 's the third most spoken european language in the world . 
  it 's the sixth most spoken language in the world . 
   also because of my name , i would always be asked `` are you from israel/are you arab '' . 
  then they would tell me how my name comes from either hebrew or arabic depending on where they were from haha . 
  now i 'm curious :p, 
  i do n't get it , did n't they vote against levying bank deposits just this past week ? 
   but living in a bubble you have no fucking clue of how difficult things are in here . 
   showing no empathy what good is empathy when people like you want to drag us even lower than where we currently are ? 
   refusing to even acknowledge the situation is complex and guilt is shared oh , do n't get me wrong , there 's plenty of things the germans and the rest of the eu has been doing , i for one still ca n't believe how they managed to fuck up everything so badly just last week with cyprus , but to even act that the fault is entirely theirs or even 50/50 theirs and ours , that 's not acknowledging the reality which is that we brought this on ourselves over the years specially when we elected s\u00f3crates and allowed him for so long to spend so much fucking money on worthless crap which we now have to pay for . 
   to you foreigners do no wrong ? 
   anything portuguese is certainly bad and vicious wtf ? 
   i almost see prime-minister qualities in you . 
  i do n't - i 'm controversial , direct and have no patience for dealing with idiots - i 'll never get into our political parties , much less to pm . 
   you just need to loathe portugal a bit more . 
  i do n't hate portugal , i 'm just pissed at how we managed to ruin this fine country and destroyed the economy and employment which could bring us prosperity and stability . 
   i basically need subtitles to fully understand my own language in movies . 
  you must be from azores . 
   with a touch of arabic ( which i 'm particulary fond of ) it 's just a couple of words that start with `` al '' and nothing more , the way you 're saying that it 's as if we have some level of mutual intelligibility with moroccan :p  half of the country was , a long time ago , ruled by north african arab countries . 
  half the country ? 
  [ more like all of it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_conquests ) . 
  so not being a demagogue and not scapegoating all our problems on the eu makes me a traitor ? 
   in spain and portugal , millions marched in the streets demanding their politicians to step down and chanting `` thieves '' at them . 
  millions ? 
  not really . 
  anyway , once football starts , suddenly everybody vanishes . 
   i do n't really understand how they 're specifically angry about angela merkel - there are so many other people to blame ... 
  it 's easier to scapegoat someone from some other country than to actually get informed and handle with the issues properly . 
   the greeks will leave the eu within the next 2-4 years and will be better off without this bullshit . 
  farewell and good luck . 
   yes , eastern countries have it worse but it 's all about prospects of change . 
  they are growing and there is economic health . 
  they are not in decline . 
  besides , you ca n't even compare them . 
  why would you even bring that up ? 
  you have a two patients . 
  one is quickly and positively recovering from grave illness and the other is worsening and on soon to be on a lifeline . 
  who would worry you most ? 
  the difference is clear , we keep on playing the socialist game whereas they 're focused on allowing the market to operate freely . 
   we gave up farming . 
  we gave up fishing . 
  we gave up textiles and some manufacturing . 
  we still have plenty of those and some of it heavily subsidies by the eu . 
   we gave access to our natural resources and exclusive economic zones . 
  what , you think we should restrict that just like they never restricted theirs to us ? 
   oil is more expensive . 
  would be much more expensive with the escudo . 
   our dependency of foreign imports hurts the deficit . 
  so you 'd restrict imports and go full protectionist and mercantilist ? 
   the interest rates paid to banks are high but that suits them . 
  the bailouts also go back into those same banks and corporations that feed our small country . 
  15 or even 30 % interest rates are a very appealing prizes . 
  we agreed to those . 
   there is no interest in our recovery . 
  only in now reforming our country . 
  privatizing essential areas like water , energy , even health and social security . 
  these are the troika demands . 
  those part of the recovery , they should have been privatised a long time ago , we 'd have never got into the mess we 're in with the public debt if we had kept our state small but no , `` hurr durr everything should be free '' that people such as you keep on spouting brought us this debt and now of course we completely fucked up the economy . 
   and other eu and non eu companies are buying these up at garage sale prices . 
  then sell them higher . 
   our economy is depressed . 
  and i 'm depressed of hearing the same old bullshit policies which the socialists would implement for relieving the current pain - never mind that it was them and those policies that buried us this deep . 
   this is the death of a country .
