  it 's basically what you said in your example , another example would be taxes at 20 % of gdp ( * t * = 0.2 * y * ) and taxes equal to public spending ( * t * = * g * ) . 
  if * y * grows from 100 to 200 , * g * will also increase from 20 to 40 but it will be fine because * t * will also grow in that proportion . 
   i think it is not an unrealistic assumption that less public spending will have a contractionary impact on growth . 
  assumption ? 
  that 's a fact , public spending counts directly into the gdp . 
  if you just cut public spending ( * g * ) and keep everything else the same , the gdp ( * y * ) will fall . 
  anyway , the idea of austerity is n't to reduce the economy , it 's to balance the budget ( * t * = * g * ) and to later cut taxes and allow the other component of the gdp to grow ( such as private consumption and investment ) and make up the difference of what was lost with the reduced public spending . 
   people getting wages out of taxpayer money are still getting ( and spending ) money . 
  if they are not payed anymore , they do n't participate in economic activities anymore , if they can not find another job . 
  you 're right , and so we must remove all restrictions and help them the best we can so that they can find productive employment . 
   so at times like these , government should spend more money , if necessary by letting people build roads in the desert , new deal style . 
  yeah , that was what got us into this debt in the first place and it 's that debt that 's the root of all our problems . 
  keynesianism like that does n't work , it only gets you into debt and delays the problems into the future . 
  you 're right , the problem is employment , but promoting employment is very easy , the problem is promoting productive employment , and for that , governments and centrally planned economies are highly inefficient , it needs to be done through the marketplace - what should be done is instead allow the market to operate freely and to not try to restrain it or distort it . 
   conclusion : as long as the budget deficit is healthy in relation towards gdp , you can deficit spend a little . 
  coversely , if you engage in austerity and the economy shrinks , the debt-to-gdp ratio will not change favorably . 
  so barring outside intervention , the correct time to balance the budget is when the economy grows ( as clinton did ) , and when it does not , you deficit spend . 
  the problem of such measures is that there 's always the political will to promote growth when things are bad but never to restrain it when things are good , and it 's just impossible to continuously promote growth while piling on more and more debt , it all eventually comes crashing down like it did in greece and how it is also affecting portugal . 
  the real long term solution is to not try and steer the market and not to promote booms that will eventually lead to a bust , what must be done is a balancing of the budget and leaving governments out of the business of trying to run the economy , removing the restrictions and not putting weight down on the marketplace like the taxes and bureaucracy that are causing such harm in countries such as mine . 
    a government can not spend more than it takes it in taxes over an extended period of time   not true . 
  as long as the annual budget deficit is in a healthy relation to the annual growth rate , debt as a percentage of gdp stays stable . 
  you silly , if the gdp grows , the tax revenues will increase as well and the increased public spending will still be roughly equal to the public expenditures . 
   your position was `` greece cooked the books , therefore it has trouble now '' . 
  this is what i set out to disprove . 
  go back and read what i said . 
  i said `` it 's not germany 's fault that greece cooked the books , ran unsustainable deficits and got into massive debts '' , so please try to disprove this . 
   if anything , it 's germans who think it is everyone else 's fault but their own because they have not felt the effects of the crisis yet . 
  was it germany 's fault ? 
  i do n't recall them getting in the insane amount of debt that greece got into . 
   if everyone keeps a balanced budget , then you end up with deflation . 
  wrong , deflation is only caused by a growth of the gdp greater than that of the money supply . 
   do n't believe me ? 
  you 'll see it happening pretty soon . 
  just last post you said germany collapsed because of the gold standard so considering you ca n't even predict the past , i really doubt you 'll be able to predict the future . 
   let 's say you have several countries , one of which ( let 's call it germany ) is better at producing things . 
  now , for germany to keep producing at maximum capacity , it needs demand from the other countries . 
  so , it allows these countries to buy german stuff on credit . 
  what an assumption , that one can only buy german if he gets into debt . . lol !, 
   if it required them to pay for this stuff for real , then they would not be able to . 
  then they should n't buy it in the first place . 
  you should only buy that which you can afford ( either now or later , it does n't matter when ) . 
   and germany would be forced to lower its production and suffer . 
  or export somewhere else and demand better guarantees for the loans they do offer . 
   see what the problem is ? 
  requiring others to pay you in real terms means you end up with deflation . 
  wrong . 
  you should at least learn about inflation and deflation and what are the causes of it . 
   now , if each country has its own currency , this problem is largely mitigated because of currency devaluation ( you can think of it like not paying for imports in real terms ) but in the end the system remains broken , more or less . 
  you want to leave the euro , fine , we should n't impose it on you . 
  i 'd advise you to learn about what happened to germany and austria after ww1 though i would n't want to interfere with your right to be masters of your own destiny and if you want to just inflate your debts away , you should be able to go at it . 
   so , you see , it was bad economic conditions that allowed the nazi party to rise , regardless of their cause . 
  yup , just like it was the outcome of ww1 that allowed the bolsheviks to seize power in russia . 
   it was the austerity-driven gold-standard crash of 1929 austerity ? 
  wrong again , during the crash , it was contractionary monetary policy as countries such as the usa and france started hoarding gold while not expanding their money supply and in effect removing currency from circulation . 
  it was awful but it was nothing like what 's going on today , nowadays we 're experiencing mild and steady inflation , so you ca n't blame the ecb for causing the sovereign debt crisis , the culprits of that crisis are the countries which racked up debts they could n't afford . 
   i claimed that a number of regions sharing a common currency is impossible unless they have fiscal transfers between them . 
  yet many countries have little to no transfers inside them and they share the same currency . 
   take spain for instance or ireland . 
  badly managed housing bubble . 
  ireland is pretty much fine now and spain has quite severe structural problems with regards to their laws and regulation of the marketplace . 
   you need to realise that public spending is not the same thing as household finances . 
  i do know that and i also know that in both cases it is impossible to get a free lunch . 
   states also need to do things like investment and negotiate how to deal with their imbalances among themselves . 
  otherwise you 'll get the problems i outlined above . 
  and if they do that unwisely and without bothering about if they 'll be able to afford the expenses , they 'll get the problems nowadays afflicting both our countries . 
   which is precisely what the piigs are trying to do there 's no need for that , oink . 
   but germany , france , italy etc also cooked their books . 
  i do n't see you complaining about them . 
  not to the extend that greece did it , not to mention that these other countries have not asked for bailouts , have not tried to shift away the blame for the situation they 're in away and scapegoat it on some other country and are n't having constant protests with people on the streets burning flags and whatnot . 
   running unsustainable deficits and getting into debt was also the fault of greece but at the same time it was also impossible to avoid because of the eurozone construction errors . 
  impossible to keep a balanced budget ? 
  because of the errors or the euro ? 
  what errors ? 
  the fact that the ecb is n't monetising the debt like greece did in the past when it could n't keep a balanced budget ? 
   the exact same thing happened to germany in the 30s : they entered the gold standard , foreign capital turned their economy into a giant bubble and when the bubble burst they ended up with nazis in their parliament , literally . 
  wrong !, 
  germany got into the gold standard in 1873 after the franco-prussian war and was fine with it till 1914 when it went off the gold standard to pay for the war expenses of ww1 . 
  they continued off the gold standard and with the treaty of versailles they printed off their massive war reparations experiencing hyperinflation which decimated their economy and that was a fundamental factor in getting the nazis into power . 
  so what you just said is completely false . 
   it 's a failure because you ca n't have a currency union without fiscal transfers . 
  if one keeps on running deficits , sure , as you ca n't borrow forever . 
  if however you run a balanced budget , you can perfectly have an healthy economy with a stable currency and without having to constantly get more loans to pay for the state expenses . 
   it 's a failure because you ca n't have a currency union without fiscal transfers . 
  the surplus regions have an incentive to increase their production and profits with imported demand while the deficit regions have an incentive to buy exports with foreign capital . 
  the concept has been tried again and again ( the gold standard , latin monetary union etc ) and it almost always fails . 
  nonsense , you have plenty of examples of currencies not depreciating constantly whose states are n't getting into massive debts and whose economies experience steady and sustainable growth . 
   i have already outlined what i think are the major sources of all the problems . 
  well , you 're wrong , the blame is on greece and the other countries ( such as portugal ) that kept spending as if the money would last forever . 
  nobody likes austerity but it would n't be necessary in the first place if the public debt had never reached such absurd values . 
   still , it 's valid point that germans in this subreddit play the `` stop living in the past and calling me a nazi '' card almost every time their country is criticised . 
  it 's an even more valid point that some constantly play the `` germany is out to destroy europe '' card every time economic policy is discussed . 
   also , it 's pretty sad that something that is rather close to my opinions is now considered poe law material . 
  well , you do are taking u/mongol _ winter seriously . . 
   why is this downvoted ? 
  it 's inflammatory in style but it does not lack substance . 
  because it 's txampion and he 's just trolling . 
  poe 's law in effect . 
   what makes you so sure ? 
  just blind faith that your government is for the greater good ? 
  it 's not germany 's fault that greece cooked the books , ran unsustainable deficits and got into massive debts .
