   can someone explain what the problem is ? 
  `` muh big business !! '', 
   fuck off british cunts . 
  get off the eu . 
  nobody likes you anyway . 
  please do n't type in caps lock , thank you . 
   if the quantity of care is an issue , increase the quantity of personnel . 
  we 're talking about doctors here , they take years to train not everybody is up for the job . 
   by increasing working hours the quality of care will decrease . 
  sure , we ca n't overextend them , and the hospitals and the governments know this . 
  the issue is why should the eu decide over these matters when it 's just not their competence ? 
  if people get worse due to lack of care , who will be accountable ? 
  the doctors ? 
  but they would just be following eu law !, 
   mind you , i am not saying the quality will decrease for every single doctor , some people are vastly better at dealing with sleep deprivation than others ... and some are vastly worse at it . 
  i have one in the family , he does these huge shifts were he works for example from 16h on a monday till 8h on wednesday and yes , he sleeps before going and sleeps when he arrives , but has to be there at all times because there must be someone on the premises 24/7 capable of dealing with everything , they 're trained just for that , he does have shifts which are more light and were he gets to sleep for hours but there are others where there 's just no room for a break as there are people who need to be taken care of immediately . 
  my point is that this ought to be regulated by those who 're in charge of the thing , in this case , the people who work at the hospital in according to the national law . 
  not the eu , if someone suffers from lack of care nobody in brussels will take the blame , it will always be the doctor or the hospital the ones who take the fall . 
  let the practitioners and the institutions run things , they 've been doing it for years and so far there have been no problems , adding useless eu regulation on top of this is incredibly short-sighted , it 's basically asking for trouble as there 's nothing to be fix and a lot that can go wrong . 
   and i do n't see why the eu should not have laws for it , if your country already has those laws - great . 
  nothing needs to be done . 
  that is , assuming those laws are adequate ( and assuming the eu regulations are reasonable ) . 
  [ principle of subsidiarity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiarity#general_principle_of_european_union_law ) - a matter ought to be handled by the smallest , lowest , or least centralized authority capable of addressing that matter effectively - not the role of the eu to regulate . 
   beyond that , i feel that it 's definitely eu 's business to ensure the quality of medical care . 
  with that said , i can definitely imagine people having differing opinions on what the eu should and should not regulate - and i do n't think either opinion is more `` correct '' than the other . 
  again , principle of subsidiarity . 
  it 's not that it 's more correct this or that fashion , it 's simply that we should n't be complicated what should be simple . 
  if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
   the uk has never had any of the problems you described in terms of barriers to trade , financing and purchasing products . 
  i 'll grant you the last two , well , to be honest , we also did n't have problems with the last two , though with the first one , we adopted the euro so that we could better trade within the eurozone , you having the pound leaves you at a disadvantage as there 's the exchange rate . 
  though it 's your choice and if you rather continue having the pound , that 's absolutely fine as well . 
   we 've always been a fairly open economy , we 've always been in favour of reducing trade barriers and increasing trade . 
  so for the uk the question is , do we swap one , internationally accepted good currency , which we control for another one which we wo n't ? 
    the answer was no before the euro crisis and it 's definitely no now . 
  yup , i can get that . 
  you 're right . 
  perhaps one day in the future , if the euro proves beneficial for you , you 'll then join it . 
   did uat2d ask why the british are opposed to the echr ? 
  yes no , i asked about the [ ecthr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecthr ) , not the [ echr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echr ) :p, 
   the effects of sleep deprivation are well known and doctors are not immune to them . 
  the fact that doctors often deal with such delicate matters only makes things worse . 
  i happen to have a doctor in the family and he does make those huge shifts . 
  he sleeps on the job frequently even though he has those huge shifts , he has to , they have turns , though he has to be in the hospital in case there 's an emergency . 
   even if you want to make the argument that through some magic , the quality of the service they provide is not negatively effected -- then it 's still unethical to have people work 24 to 36 hour shifts . 
  yes , and you 're absolutely right , though you 're all ignoring two important issues : * limiting the hours means limiting the healthcare provided - patients will have to wait it out . 
  * there are already laws preventing this from happening on the national level - according to the principle of subsidiarity , it 's not the eu 's role to regulate this . 
  so yes , doctors spend a lot of time on the job , but no , the eu has no business limiting this . 
   they stay out the euro in order to have better currency controls for when in times of need . 
  such as when needing to artificially devalue . 
  we relinquished that in order to remove a trade barrier within the single market and it 's not like we lost that power , it 's just harder to implement as it has to be done on an european level at the ecb rather than on a national level . 
  however it ca n't be just that , i mean , we all lost control over the currency and yet we 're in and , to be honest , it was a good choice , at least here it was , it boosted our eu trade significantly , it allows us to import more easily products from abroad such as oil , we are more easily financed and it 's preventing our politicians to simply devalue away our economy alongside our problems and is forcing them to actually balance the budget . 
   it 's hard for a nation that have been the worlds largest empire and superpower for a long period of time to give up their currency . 
  i 'm portuguese , once upon a time we were the world 's largest empire and the leading superpower , yet we 're in the euro . 
  heck , before the * euro * we had the * [ escudo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_escudo ) * and before that the * [ real ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_real ) * , so no , i really do n't think it 's that that 's keeping the uk from joining the euro . 
  i agree with pretty much everything he suggested though i do n't understand why the british are so opposed to the ecthr or to the euro . 
   ( we call it `` curent '' ) `` corrente de ar '' ( air current ) ? 
  it 's not like that , afaik it 's only when you get yourself in a position where several windows or doors are open and it gets windy and it can give you stuff like a cold or pneumonia . 
  though i would n't say that 's the most dangerous thing , `` paragem de digest\u00e3o '' ( digestion stop ) is also a thing here and it also sounds like a myth . 
  it 's when you shower or get yourself in water after eating , they say the difference in temperature can get your stomach to stop working properly and that can give your problems . 
  not that i can confirm any of this , when it 's windy indoors i close the doors or windows so that the cold does n't bother me and i 've already showered or went to the sea several times after eating and i 'm still kicking . 
   remember what 's at stake here . 
  junior doctors ( not senior ) are expected to work 24 or 36 hour shifts . 
  that 's 1 1/2 day shifts . 
  they might be able to catch some shuteye for a few hours . 
  ( junior doctors go along with it because they get some money and they know they only have to do it for a few years then they 're on easy street ) . 
    how good do you think the medical care will be like if you 're talking to a doctor who has been awake for the last 48 hours ?!, 
  they already work like that here and the healthcare quality is n't compromised . 
  are you suggesting that to improve our healthcare , we need to cut back on the time doctors work ? 
  that patients will just wait it out ? 
  the eu is n't needed to make sure there 's good healthcare and to negotiate the doctor 's time on the job . 
   perhaps a vote for proportional representation , you know that thing that we were originally wanting ... yeah , that would be fine , we have one that here , the difference is that the politicians become more unaccountable as they have to be elected on a national level and it 's not by constituencies . 
  it 's a trade-off between accountability and proportional representation , which is fine , i guess . 
   a choice between the status quo , and a severely diluted voting system that we never said we wanted so what do you suggest ? 
   because of the retarded election system [ it 's the election system they chose ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/results_of_the_united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) . 
  [ link to video on bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21157822 ) [ full speech on the telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newsvideo/uk-politics-video/9820375/david-camerons-europe-speech-in-full.html ), 
   i was n't kidding i really am misanthropic . 
  yeah , i think i 'm a bit as well though i try not to be or at least to not demonstrate it . 
  it might cost a bit but it prevents me from alienating people because if not then my sarcasm can get annoying . 
  do n't support me because we 're friends , support me because if you do n't then the outcome will be worse for the both of us . 
   the uk is not even fully within the eu : it 's not a schengen signatory hey u/neoliberal , about that , do you think the uk should sign it or not ? 
   i only just identify with humanity so getting down to more detailed sub-divisions of types is tricky . 
  listen , i hate those `` hurr durr government should tax and regulate and subsidise and protect and support '' idiots just as much as you do , the only difference seems to be that while i 'm trying to sway people away from supporting this nonsense , people like you in the uk are simply trying to leave the eu altogether . 
  and we 'd more easily counter all the special interests and the brainless fools who think government is their nanny if we were working together to achieve our goals . 
  the way things are , you 're bound to leave the eu and we 're bound to go through some more bullshit interventionism whereas we could all remain in the eu and use it to enforce a liberalisation of the markets and to promote free trade , as it was intended in the first place . 
   tell that to your lovable european friends . 
  i am doing that just now . 
  or are you not european ? 
   i would definatly go to church if he was the minister . 
  i 'm pretty sure [ he believes in vectron ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ictrzuuwlhi ) . 
   that 's not how you use `` so brave '' . 
  it 's supposed to be used when ~ ~ someone is saying something that is obviously in line with what the rest of reddit is thinking , while pretending it 's very controversial . 
  so it 'd be brave if he had said something like `` i will probably get downvoted for this , but i feel that corrupt politicians should be punished harshly '' ~ ~ ** you do n't know what to say but want to say something regardless ** . 
  there , ftfy . 
   heh , at home we have the same sort of thing . 
  there are an increaseing number of atheist vicars , who do it for the enjoyment of talking to people , knitting together society and teaching good morals are they [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bdm5uez.jpg ) ? 
   you know how it is in reality . 
  people vote for politicians only because of few things if they 're not voting for them because they always have just like their parents . 
  if the people ca n't choose then it 's their own fault . 
   people really ca n't know everything what their politicians do and politicians do n't do what he people want then we need to change the system . 
  i suggest something more direct like what the swiss have going on .
