  unfortunately it seems she is n't on the ballot ; _ ;, 
   so we have an open zionist , a serial liar/bandwagon jockey , closet-racists-r-us , and the anti- ( poor ) - human-league to choose from . 
  i 'd vote for the white guy . 
  who 'd pay for such paternity leave ? 
  the employer , the employee or the state ? 
   i do n't understand , if someone is unemployed , and then the government tells them to dig ditches , then surely that is creating a job ? 
  how does the government pay the people to open up ditches and then fill them right up ? 
  by taxing them . 
  what happens when you tax people ? 
  they have less income to spend . 
  how does lower income hurt employment ? 
  people with lower income ca n't consume as much and therefore there 's less jobs created to satisfy the needs of the population . 
   it 's a waste of resources , and the job is n't sustainable with the government , but it 's a job , it 's the input of effort for money no ? 
  it 's a job that was reallocated , it requires both people to perform the job and money to pay for the people and the resources required to do the job . 
  if nobody was opening up and filling up ditches ( or any other kind of redundant job ) , the people would have more money to spend ( because of lower taxation ) , employers would have more money to hire people ( also because of lower taxation ) and there would be more people to perform the extra jobs now available in the economy ( because they would n't be working for the government ) . 
   farmers in third world countries want the most money , so rather than growing things to feed their population , they grow stuff we want to buy such as these cash crops , and the local populations starve . 
  and if their farmers did sell us `` cash crops '' , they 'd have more money and would be able to expand their production , employ more people and the people there use that income to buy the food they do n't produce from abroad . 
  hong kong does n't even have arable land and yet with full free trade they do n't starve , not even close . 
   the best thing we could do for the third world , is to severely reduce how much we import from them we already do that and yet malnourishment and starvation in africa is a very serious issue . 
   when they are growing their own food , stop giving them lots of aid which destroys the local economies because it makes no sense to farm or set up a shop or bank if someone is giving stuff to people for free so things for free are bad ? 
  them spending less money on agricultural goods is harmful because there will be less farmers ? 
  what about all the other activities which will benefit from the population having more income ? 
  wo n't the people that now have food for cheaper or for free use their money in consuming other things which will then allow for more jobs to develop ? 
  btw , would you also restrict using tractors , ploughers and harvesters because then less people will be employed and that will destroy local economies ? 
  and what about the sun which gives us free light , should we also restrict that to allow for the growth of the economy that will develop if we were to artificially create a need for lighting ? 
   government can create jobs , they are n't necessarily a net gain for the economy though . 
  that was n't job creation , that was job reallocation . 
  you could pay people to open up ditches and then close them right up but you 'd achieve nothing , you 'd be employing people but making more people unemployed at the same time because the money you pay these people is money that had to be levied in taxes and that therefore the people do n't have to spend and promote employment on their own . 
  so no , government ca n't create jobs , it can only reallocate jobs . 
   from my understanding of this , it 's not so much about protectionism as about allowing the economies in these countries to grow . 
  their economies would grow with fewer restrictions on international trade . 
  restricting trade to benefit the producer would harm the consumer and would be a net loss for the nation . 
  look at hong kong , [ they have full free trade and they do n't even have arable land ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_hong_kong ) !, 
   at the moment most african countries ca n't even really get a basic economy down for all sorts of reasons . 
  of course not , we and so many others restrict trade from them !, 
   the argument sort of goes along the lines of protectionism for a short time , only so long as the economy can really get going . 
  yeah , i 've heard that argument . 
  it 's flawed in that it ignores the cost imposed on consumer , it assumes that once everything is in place it will survive the liberalisation of trade and it pretends that new profitable industries ca n't prop up without governmental protection . 
  that 's a load of nonsense . 
   anyway , it 's not even full blown protectionism . 
  it 's only half as shitty but it 's still shitty . 
   the reasons for the protectionism are to stop overwhelming price volatility . 
  if oil one week is going to be 10 pence and the next it 's going to be # 100 , it 's going to make investing very difficult . 
  in a lot of instances countries do still put up these protectionism tarrifs to avoid such effects of the free market . 
  the same thing can be said about the domestic market . 
  you could ban all imports and prices could still be volatile . 
  regardless , price controls do n't work and the freest economies are also the wealthiest so i reject that notion that some restrictions might be good , they 're not , they 're only a myth arising from the special interest groups that want to lobby for ever increasing government support at the expense of everybody else . 
   anyway , i 'm not really advocating this policy . 
  i try and avoid getting strong opinions on economics as i think i and most people really do n't understand it at all . 
  i think you 're doing great , i for one love debating these issues :p  i know i 've made this argument poorly , please , forgive me . 
   additionally the aid we send them may be severely adding to this problem in that we flood their markets with wheat at the first hint of a hunger scare for free . 
  no kenyan farmers could possibly compete with this and thus , they go out of business . 
  this might happen when the food does reach them . 
  a lot of the times , the aid we do send is kept by their corrupt leaders who then sell it back to whomever pays the most . 
   this is a more controversial view and i 'm not fully sure i believe in it as i 'm not an economist and this seems to be an issue for them . 
  if we were to flood their markets with cheap agricultural goods , it would only benefit them ( just like we 'd also benefit if we allowed them to flood ours ) . 
  yes , the kenyan farmer that could n't compete would lose its job but their population would have more income to spend and would be able to spend more of it on other goods other than agricultural products . 
  that logic of `` we must not allow the goods of foreign competitors into our countries otherwise we might lose our job '' is dead and long gone , that has a name and it 's protectionism - a source of poverty ( as it increases prices for the consumer ) and conflict ( as disconnected economies make warring much less expensive , the costs of conflict in that case do n't involve going against the business interests of many national citizens ) . 
  if you really want to protect the employment of the farmer or whomever and ignore the costs that will have on the final consumer , you might just as well argue against the usage or tractors or oxen in agriculture as technological progress and mechanisation ( much like international trade ) also reduced employment in the sectors affected by it . 
  heck , you can even go full protectionist and argue for [ banning the usage of sunlight in order to protect the job of the candlestick maker ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/petition.html ) !, 
  the only benefit i can think of is that it helps in reducing pollution and other negative externalities caused by some agricultural producers . 
  all the rest - the subsidies and the taxes required to pay for it , the price controls , the constant overproduction that then goes to waste , the protectionism and the tariffs on foreign goods , the centralised planning - all that is a loss for the eu as a whole imposed on us because of the special interests such as the big agricultural corporations that lobby for it as their benefit is concentrated and the cost on all of us is diffused . 
   also this would create 15000 new jobs government does n't create jobs , government reallocates jobs . 
   if we buy tomatos from poor countries , say tanzania , instead of producing our own tomatoes , the price of tanzanian tomatoes will rise . 
  and the income of tanzanian farmers will also rise meaning they will have much more resources to both expand their farms and employ more people . 
   they starve they starve even more with us being protectionist , not importing from them and , to add insult to injury , when we let our massive stocks of food to go to waste as opposed to selling or donating it to them . 
  we lose because we have higher food prices and they lose because they 're denied the opportunity to grow their economies . 
   for us as customers it 's okay , i guess . 
  for us consumers it 's a net loss as we pay twice , first on taxes and later on the grocery store . 
   for the rest of the world ( especially african states ) it 's an atrocity . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , if we being protectionist against third world countries and restricting imports from them or if , on top of that , we overproducing and then letting all the excess food go to waste as opposed to relieving famine . 
   there 's a certain wisdom in not being reliant on the stability of third world countries for something as basic as food supply . 
  third world countries would be stabler if they had the chance to get their economies running but we deny them that opportunity when we restrict imports from them . 
   and the correct translation is what ? 
  something less demeaning and objectifying to women ? 
  `` son of a bitch '' ( filho da puta ) is highly offensive but commonly used here , saramago just inverted it and said `` the bitch of your mother '' ( a puta da tua m\u00e3e ) . 
  nah , it 's not demeaning or anything just like when someone says `` go to shit '' ( vai \u00e0 merda ) or `` go to the cock '' ( vai para o caralho ) is n't actually telling someone to go to poop or dick . 
   i do n't think there is a rule . 
  the privatized public services such as water , sewer , garbage collection , natural gas , electricity work quite well where i live in the usa . 
  at the same time the fully state owned services in romania sucked big time . 
  so ... are you a romanian living in the usa or are you a yankee ? 
   i think i should have you tagged as `` angry portuguese '' because i still remember that you went off on me for about two paragraphs cursing everything and anything just because i said that it was good to question everything ( specifically the eu ) implying that 's how things become stronger . 
  i regret not taking a screenshot because it was ... quite the sight . 
  i 've never seen anyone get upset over a sentence like you did . 
  nah , if you want to upset me , you should say that you support things like protectionism , wage controls and subsidies :p anyway , it seems we 're even then , i now have you tagged as `` serb europe mod '' :p  i guess the reason i gave you the benefit of the doubt was because you 're so active in the community . 
  all is forgiven , though . 
  if you do ban me , i do will protest , though i do n't think it would be necessarily bad , as i do spend so much time here :p  if you want to talk , i idle on #europe too now . 
  nah , see you when i see you x ), 
   the rationale behind tinkering with the interest rate is to allow for the opportunity cost of investing to become less prohibitive . 
  that is n't necessarily good , the money we do earn is going to be spent , people do n't work to hoard it under their mattresses , if not now , later . 
  to keep the interest rates too low , people miscalculate the risk and start investing in other things which may prove not worthwhile , you do can end up with crisis like the housing bubble which was caused by the very low interest rates . 
   while you claim that this would lead to an artificially low interest rate , the fact that a traditional central bank exists in the first place guarantees that this will be the case regardless . 
  you 're right , and it 's not like it 's easy to calculate an interest rate , i mean , even without a central bank ( like the austrians advocate ) , it 's not like the interest rates would fluctuate much across the world , not with all the other central banks that exist in other countries and with the few restrictions on the movement of capital we and so many other countries have . 
  but still , to claim that `` low interest rates = good '' , no , that 's silly , interest rates are the cost of money over time , to think we 'd all get a free lunch if we tried to control this price and keep it artificially low , that 's wrong , it does n't work like that . 
   so , the issue is n't whether the rate is `` artificially low '' , but rather if it makes sense when comparing gdp with potential gdp . 
  i still fail to see the reasoning behind that . 
  the short term gdp would go up with lower interest rates but that would be less money we 'd have to invest in the long run , it 's not like we 'd all benefit from interest rates reaching 0 % . 
   in the case of europe , it 's clear that gdp has fallen bellow potential gdp for quite a while and the economy is not even close to overheating such that some sort of stimuli would make sense . 
  i personal find that whole `` potential '' vs `` real '' gdp to be quite dubious , that 's basically picking up a graph between the different points of gdp and drawing a line in between and saying `` this was an expansion and this was a recession '' , that hardly says anything . 
  anyway , yes , the gdp has fallen , that happens when you have a sovereign debt crisis .
