   i wish the international community could see how much the spanish despise us : there are insults in the media daily , threats on social media , etc. . 
  they hate us and should just let us go are n't you exaggerating ? 
  i mean , if that was true and they hated you , why is it never on the international news and why do they give you full recognition and full rights to express your views ? 
  that would be the difference between irish and northern irish . 
  if we were in the roman times , i 'd either be gallaeci or roman . 
  freedom and liberty shall not perish from this earth !, 
   yeah , right . 
  once again you avoid the issue . 
  i 'll ask you again : did you or did you not wish for my death , uat2d ? 
  i did n't wish it , i 'm not stupid , i know you ca n't just wish thing and then they 'll magically occur . 
  no , i actually prayed jesus , only he can kill you , satan worshipper . 
   i never claimed i did . 
  the fact that you imagined i did just shows that you 're insecure about how well you know yourself . 
  you 're twisting my words , vade retro satana !, 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm pretty sure you are spanish , you 're just not castilian . 
  just like the scottish are british but not english , no ? 
   would spain really let catalonia secede ? 
  that 's not the question , they question is ` would spain and the rest of the eu really let things to turn into a civil war ? ', 
  and obviously , no , it would n't . 
  this is spain you 're talking about , not some country in africa or the middle east - people live comfortably , they have full rights , they 're not that militant , they 're all connected through the internet and they 're not armed . 
  suggesting civil war is insanity . 
  http://imgs.isidewith.com/results-image/106951586.jpg http://www.isidewith.com/results/106951586  tfw when no ron paul http://i.imgur.com/jhaaa.jpg, 
   i would not be surprised by another civil war if that happens . 
  a civil war within the eu and a nato country ? 
  indeed , what the fuck is wrong with bbc lately ? 
  dude , look at the pic , the actual percentages are right there on the left . 
  uk 48 % and turkey 30 % . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb71/eb713_future_europe.pdf ( page 35 ), 
  fuck , sorry , you 're right , it slipped in , yeah , i meant centre-right , i just write it wrong because i was distracted , it 's fixed now . 
   i 'm making this copypasta of your comment just so that everyone sees it after you edit it in shame . 
  unlike you , i do n't edit or delete them . 
  oh , and you should really try for a career in psychology , damn , it 's that you 're so good - it 's like you 're reading straight into my mind !, 
  that and in other occasions , like when you said i was religious or when i was a salazarist , dude , how do you do it ? 
  how do you know others better than they know themselves ? 
  my problem with our spending cuts is that our taxes keep on rising . 
  no wonder the economy is drowning if you reduce public spending and do n't free up the taxation but rather increase it . 
  this is a special occasion and special occasions call for special measures , i know , but do n't fuck around , a centre-right party who goes on and on about cutting the excesses that continuously increases taxes rather than freezing the rates or reducing them is mind-boggling , even if you cut the public spending , the economy wo n't be able to grow with all this taxation !, 
  i support it absolutely because we do n't need a public broadcasting company and the private ones are doing fine so i see no reason why the taxpayers should have to support them while they contract their massive debts . 
  if you killed yourself and died , you 'd be helping this country . 
  [ what do you say ? 
   0:33 - mobile phone use is among the highest in the world false . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/graph/med_tel_mob_cel_percap-telephones-mobile-cellular-per-capita ) data , they 're at 26th , with 1148 mobile phones per 1000 people . 
  for comparison , portugal ( # 13 ) has 1260 and united arab emirates ( # 1 ) has 1709 . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqvjeznyizo ) ? 
  dude , i 'm not criticizing the british choices , i 'm just trying to understand them and explain why they came about and why are they so different from the ones made by the rest of the eu member states . 
  i 've posted [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqvjeznyizo ) video a few times here in reply to some comments and it 's essentially some examples of what was described in op 's link . 
   the british are against the eu because once you get too far into it you lose all control over your own affairs , that is incontrovertible fact as proved by greece , ireland , portugal and soon to be spain and italy . 
  [ percentage of people who feel european ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q4tom.png ) so no , the uk is way off the charts , something in the uk is different from the rest of the eu and it 's what makes the uk so euro-skeptic and against the eu . 
  and it 's their media controlled by the murdoch empire . 
  one powerful germany with one strong government is weaker overall in the eu . 
  the system is built to `` protect '' the least influential ones . 
  luxembourg has ~ 77.000 inhabitants per mep and malta has ~ 81.000 while italy has ~ 816.000 and germany has ~ 833.000 . 
  do you see now how breaking a country up actually makes it more influential ? 
  also , i doubt that they would purse such different politics . 
  i for one just do n't see germany and austria arguing within the eu level because they 're pursuing different politics , in fact , their policies look incredibly similar . 
  i know it 's nothing like the un but if there we portuguese can get all out former colonies to vote for us and support our measures , and now we 're so different , within the eu and with such similar countries , yeah , breaking up germany would only serve to increase its influence . 
  the amount seems to me irrelevant , it 's a percentage that would rightfully belong to me and my family . 
  and , in this case , it 's not only the numbers , there 's also a matter of justice , and frankly i do n't think it 's far that some people who do n't work pay no taxes and get all the support and other people who worked very hard to build a company which provides employment and generates wealth is also expected to provide support for the rest of society through these measures targeted only at the most successful . 
  so yes , while most of reddit might disagree and it might be somewhat controversial , i support his decision . 
  i ca n't speak for him because i just do n't picture myself in that situation , but i guess i would have no problems whatsoever moving to spain or simply depositing my money elsewhere if my government decided to tax me at such a rate just because i was more successful than most in order to pay for its own fuck-ups . 
  bulgarian minimum wage is less than 1500 $ a year . 
  this . 
  though sometimes people forget this and mention how low the salaries are in portugal or in spain and do n't account for the two extra months . 
  perhaps greece is n't the only country ` riddled with corruption ' . 
  could he handle it ? 
  of course . 
  would it be stupid if he let the government just take away his money ? 
  from a purely economical perspective , definitely . 
  in his situation , i 'm sure all of us would do the same . 
  even if it 's a small amount of money compared to his total wealth , it 's added expenses that can be avoided , he 's just being rational . 
  because [ i know that feel , bro ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xbucw.png ), 
   considering that germany is the country with the biggest population in the eu cutting it apart may be a good idea to limit a too strong influence . 
  so germany , bavaria and austria as full european members ? 
  and you say that 's meant to reduce german influence in the eu ? 
  it would be much funnier if saarland decided to go independent . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saar_status_referendum,_1935 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saar_statute_referendum,_1955 the french were stubborn , but saarland ist deutsch . 
  fucking north koreans , go back to the labour camps . 
  how do you say cunt then ? 
   the idea that we should rather cut expenditures is rooted in ideology as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of politicians would love to tax everybody at 100 % . 
  he made his money , he earned it - i 'd also say `` fuck you '' to the french government if they tried to take away my money , regardless of how rich i was . 
  and you 're all hypocrites if you said you would be glad to pay if you had their money . 
  ` con ' not ` cunt ' ? 
  in portuguese , ` cona ' is literally ` cunt ' , from the latin ` cunnus ' . 
  i 've played some battlefield bad company 2 , i think i can manage . 
   fear me !, 
  behold , the opposite of austerity that took place after 2005 : http://i.imgur.com/vzmpm.png, 
   you do n't seem to know much about recent german history , but a very large civilian peace movement has tried to get rid of american nukes on our soil for decades , and we have downsized our military so much that today we have about 10 % as much tanks as we had 20 years ago . 
  we did n't intervene in libya , did n't send troops to iraq etc. 
  wow , is your military that weak ? 
  i suddenly have an idea to solve all of our debt problems . 
  all i need is a tank , some gas and a gps . 
  berlin , here i come !, 
  they worked so well , even in colourless photos you can see their red white and blue part . 
  die heretic scum . 
   they are just preaching austerity i 'd do the same if others were gambling and wasting their money and then required to be bailed out . 
  the massive debts some eu countries accumulated were n't anyone 's fault except their own and it 's this debt which is dragging the european economy down . 
  it 's more than fair if those who are loaning the money to help the rest out of these problems demand some assurances like the countries being bailed out not being able of wasting it all in public spending again . 
   grzegorz brz\u0119czyszczykiewicz i might not understand a word of cyrillic , but it still looks and sounds more understandable than this .
