  that 's never going to happen as it 's human nature for people to pursue their self-interest , power corrupts and any system like the state which is run not on voluntary exchange but on taxation is doomed to fail as politicians will eventually only care for themselves and use their tools not to further society but to further themselves . 
   once again , your solution is giving a free pass card to corporations and wealthy individuals . 
  it 's working great in the us btw . 
  yeah , the us , a country with so many arbitrary restrictions in their economy and where big government sides with big business to keep competition out , truly a free market . 
  lol , you want to know what i 'm advocating , look at hong kong , singapore , australia , new zealand and singapore and stop with the straw man . 
   governments are n't going anywhere , someone is needed to manage a country , write the laws and apply them . 
  fully agreed . 
  which is why they should focus on that and not on running the tv station . 
   we just need to elect non corrupt officials . 
  back to earth . 
  you could pick the most virtuous person on the planet , put him in power here and he 'd be filling his pockets and his friends pockets 4 years in . 
   i know it 's an almost impossible task in portugal , but it 's what we should do and in case of failure , initiate a portuguese spring . 
  others can do it , why ca n't we ? 
  and achieve what , exactly ? 
  the exact same thing where the faces change and the system remains the same , corrupt as the incentives are the same and people are still naive enough to trust that one day they 'll pick the right person even though it has been decades of this ? 
  if you want to change the system , this is what you have to do : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac9j15eig_w, 
   what got us in this crisis is the crazy way of investment and deregulation of the private profit-driven markets . 
  `` if only the government had stepped in , regulated and told us in what we can and can not invest , this would all have been avoided '' = absolute nonsense , you 'd only have had either less growth in the first place or the exact same thing but with more corruption as the regulators would have been in the pockets of those already in the marketplace . 
  btw , i 'm yet to see a market that 's not profit-driven . 
   communist thought is not for having a centralised state running everything and everyone else blindly obeying . 
  what is it then ? 
  if it 's not outright central planning then it 's about regulating and limiting the choices of individuals leaving them no alternatives other than doing what some politician tells them ; though i 'm sure you know better and can enlighten me as to how communism can be a better alternative . 
   nope , it 's lansing . 
  yep , i googled it after . 
  lol , lansing is nothing when compared to bratislava , and i did n't go `` hurr , i thought michigan was a country '' xd  but seriously though , you ca n't just show one or two examples of people being stupid and say `` everyone is just like these people '' . 
  i know , though i was just mocking that one case . 
   i could easily find stupid people in other countries and mock them for it but i do n't because there 's obviously both smart , and dumb people in every country . 
  chill out bro , there 's also plenty of dumb people here , everyone is aware of that :p, 
   because we all know how fair , unbiased and accountable are the private run media corporations . 
  they 're just as fair , unbiased and accountable as the state-owned ones with one major advantage : they 're not an expense for the taxpayers . 
  or you think that rtp is great and totally worth all its expense whereas sic or tvi which are privately-owned are awful and should be nationalised ? 
   corrupt and unaccountable governments and laws are not a signal to privatize , it 's a signal that the people need to intervene and change the system . 
  except corrupt and unaccountability is part of the system , you ca n't someone all the power like you do with politicians , say `` use it wisely '' and then complain when they use it for their own purpose . 
  that 's precisely why privatisation is necessary - if you want to stay in business , you must provide a good service and you must have costumers . 
  you just ca n't justify all the spending in rtp when sic and tvi offer the exact same service at no expense to the taxpayer . 
   most corruption exists because a politician is willing to take dirty money and a private company is willing to pay him . 
  and because that politician is allowed to exercise his influence in the marketplace . 
  get the government out of the business of running the economy and there will be no incentives for people to bribe politicians for this or that as the rules will be the same for everybody . 
  it 's no accident that the more the government regulates and tries to run the economy , the more room there is for corruption . 
   corruption is fought through justice and laws , not creating more potential corruptors . 
  and if we all hold our hands and sing kumbaya we 'll live peacefully ever after . 
  knock it off with the wishful thinking , corruption exists because we allow it to exist , if you deal with the root of the problem that is government being allowed to give special benefits to certain groups then you 'll remove the incentives to such corruption . 
   what 's the state capital of michigan without looking it up ? 
  detroit ? 
   meidei , there are certain segments of the population ( and reddit ) that would support any move that left the state smaller and more money in hands of private interest groups ( `` free market '' ) . 
  communist thought process : `` the corrupt politicians got us in this mess and the taxpayers and now paying for it - i 'm guessing the taxpayers had too many liberties and from now on it should be the state the one running everything '' . 
  yeah , reddit , bury me in downvotes because our state-owned station is corrupt and highly wasteful . 
   ert had a 75yr history of serving society news , entertainment and culture the same could be said about religion , that does n't make it a good idea . 
   the same politicians that used ert to promote their agendas/attack the opposition/hire their voters now come and say : `` this is a mess . 
  we will shut it down and create everything from scratch to stop the corrutpion . '' . 
  and they want us to believe that they wo n't corrupt again the new station i have a crazy idea : how about privatising the station ? 
   the 1 % says demagogue detected . 
  all the more reasons for us to also privatise our state-owned broadcasting stations . 
   i 've been told it are meme arrows . 
  let me preface this by saying that i 've been a memer since they first appeared on 4chan circa 2006 ( ages ago in internet time ) . 
  i remember refreshing / b / all afternoon with the hope that someone would make a new meme . 
  i was a memer back when advice dog was the only one and i still upvote every advice dog meme i see becasue of the fond rush of nostalgia it brings me . 
  nowadays , there are many thousand on quickmeme and other meme websites . 
  i was a memer back before memegenerator was created ( the first meme website ) and i had to make them with ms powerpoint or paint . 
  speaking of meme websites , i was one of the first submitters to memebase.com and still have one of the top accounts there despite having migrated to reddit nearly 2 years ago . 
  it was on 4chan and memebase where i cut my teeth creating memes , way before i had a reddit account and way before / r/adviceanimals was created in late 2010 . 
  back before i could get any sort of points or even username recognition , i was creating memes as a clever and easily digestible way to reflect on society , relate some story to my audience , or just be funny . 
  do you remember rich raven ? 
  i do . 
  you probably do n't remember depression dog , crazy girlfriend praying mantis , introspective pug , or friendzone johnny either . 
  i remember all of them . 
  in fact , you have only submitted two posts to adviceanimals garnering a total of just 4 points and have not commented there any time recently . 
  so please , respect my judgement regarding the direction of the subreddit and the integrity of posts i have held dear to my heart for nearly 7 years but you have no strong feelings for . 
  meh , it kinda is n't . 
   lol americans are stupid [ usa usa usa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cey35bbwxls ), 
  why are you trying to greentext on reddit ? 
   however , they have recently reversed course and are printing trillions of yens ( see abenomics ) . 
  still nothing when compared to what the us is doing , proof of that is the [ jpy/usd exchange rate ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zk4to74.png ) , it 's now at 94.09 yen to the dollar , it 's still much stronger than it was in the past . 
  oh , and from what i hear from us news , they do are experiencing quite some inflation , it 's just not being picked up by their cpi because , as i mentioned , food and gas are n't included and that 's where plenty of people spend most of their money , and these prices are rising some 8 % to 10 % / year . 
   we would be printing euros not escudos good luck in convincing the rest of europe to do that . 
  i think that 's a lost cause , a lot of the population is elderly and wants no part in losing a substantial amount of their savings because we were out building roads . 
   we 're not on the gold standard . 
  nor could we be if we ever wanted to inflate the currency , that 's the whole point of the gold standard , you ca n't print money unless the central bank as the gold for it in its vaults . 
   i do n't really expect much inflation since most of the euros will be used to pay down debt and we have a huge amount of unused productive capacity . 
  inflation happens regardless of where you spend the money on . 
  if the amount of money in circulation increases more than the gdp , then you 'll experience inflation . 
  even if you paid the debt only till 60 % of gdp in the eurozone ( now at 91 % ) , you 'd have to pump 2792 billion euros into the economy as the current m2 for the euro is of 9008 billion euros !, 
  going even further , if the debt were to be zeroed through monetary means , you 'd have to print 8197 billion euros !, 
  this if the government bonds were n't adjusted for inflation and if the ecb was n't explicitly forbidden of monetising debt and did n't have the main goal of keeping price stability and if governments were allowed to to ask the ecb to monetise their debts and the central bank was n't also forbidden to buy and sell directly to governments . 
  anyway , this to say that it 's simply not an option and that it would be crazy to think it 's an alternative . 
   research also seems to indicate that printing alone is not enough to trigger hyperinflation you also need an institutional collapse no , it does not . 
  it 's actually quite the reverse , hyperinflation is what triggers the institutional collapse . 
   the level of which is pretty much impossible in europe . 
  just then you were saying we were going to collapse and the riots would start a bit like turkey atm . 
   we do n't have much left to privatize . 
  all that 's left to privatize are things that mostly should n't be private . 
  we still have plenty to privatise . 
  considering the news in greece , yeah , rtp should go as well . 
   even with that , it will not be enough to pay our debt . 
  of course it wo n't , that 's why i 'm for simply keeping the debt under control once it goes under the 100 % to gdp threshold and then focus on growth as opposed to budget cuts - that is to say , we 'll need to continue cutting a lot though taxes should be slashed as well , if we keep the budget balanced even at that level of debt , a liberalised economy with tax reductions would allow us to outgrow the debt . 
   there would be no hyperinflation what the heck , do you actually believe in this ? 
  that anyone could possibly more than double the amount of currency in circulation and not experience massive hyperinflation . 
  weimar 's german hyperinflation happened because they tried to print a 83 % debt to gdp , ours is of 124 % , so what you 're saying is absolute nonsense !, 
   just like there is n't any in the us or japan right now . 
  the us cpi does n't account for food and gas , it 's highly flawed .
