  no , portuguese/spanish/italian / many others are derived from latin , they are latin languages . 
  in fact , the term `` romance languages '' i never heard in spoken portuguese , what my portuguese teachers always told me was that portuguese was a latin language . 
  not the latin language ( latim ) but a latin language ( l\u00edngua latina ) . 
   i do n't understand shit of portug ** u ** ese . 
  well , when i was a kid i watched some shows translated into spanish and then subtitles into portuguese . 
  everything here is subtitled while there everything is translated , so i guess we have an easier time learning another language like english or perfecting spanish . 
   i do n't know why , but it really only goes one way . 
  oh , they 're just so similar , you obviously never tried it seriously . 
    i bet you understand what i 'm saying . 
    it 's that portuguese and spanish are really very similar !, 
  [ do n't mention the war !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3yyzr6el3m ), 
  [ comparison of spanish and portuguese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_spanish_and_portuguese ) they 're very similar , specially spoken one , i can listen to spanish news without any difficulty whatsoever and i never had a single spanish class . 
   english serves me much better than spanish in portugal . 
  while young people like me who have been taught english at school are fluent in english and can perfectly understand spanish pose you no problems , if you try to talk with the elderly or people with lower qualifications , trust me , they wo n't know a word of english but they 'll easily get what you mean in spanish . 
  afrojack and tiesto and not only ... also laidback luke , deniz koyu , david guetta , junior caldera , sebastien drums , martin solveig , superbus , axwell , steve angello , sebastian ingrosso , lykke li , september , avicii , eric prydz , cosmo klein , tim royko , sono , fragma , jean elan , rammstein , jamie lewis , splity milk , sweet fromage , tinie tempah , calvin harris , outwork , inna , swanky tunes , sak noel , pete tha zouk , richie campbell and rui da silva . 
  all these are european and i love them all !, 
  :d also , france , germany and sweden are master race when it comes to great music !, 
   priberam gives dous as ancient but i prefer that form i 've never heard anyone say `` dous '' , though if someone said it , everybody would get it :p  jeito is quite common here too here as well , but that sentence sounds odd , at least to me . 
  you know , it 's one of those things . 
  for example , `` next to me '' , everyone else and i here in porto seem to say it like '' \u00e0 minha beira '' whereas my cousins from alentejo say it like `` ao p\u00e9 de mim '' , so in only 400km they use different expressions . 
  :p  i 'm galician , so ... it 's complicated to explain all the linguistic issues we have here . 
  oh , galician . 
  i 'm sure you 'll understand everything , if portuguese and spanish are look-alike , portuguese and galician and pretty much the same . 
  even in the name , it 's portugal , from porto and galicia , it 's only a matter of time till we liberate you from the spaniards !, 
  xd now a more serious question , do you there have substantial contact with portuguese ? 
  i know a lot of people , specially here from the north , that actually really enjoy going up north and some even say you 're better than those `` moors '' in lisbon !, 
   also , the one that is easy to understand is brasilian portuguese . 
  they 're not that different , if you understand british english you 'll understand them all . 
  same thing with portuguese , the differences are minimal . 
   portuguese people have a very rough accent in my opinion . 
  i ca n't really make a statement as it comes naturally for me but i have no doubts about that . 
  after all , brazil is much more diverse . 
  translated into english :  it 's a relationship completely asymmetrical between two countries that speak probably the closest two romance languages , but that for social ( and economical ) circumstances are treated quite differently . 
  are you from spain ? 
  is this attempt at portuguese your own or google 's ? 
  it 's pretty much spot on !, 
  oh , and regarding portuguese 's better understanding of spanish , we subtitle everything while you translate everything , so that might play an important role on that . 
  i mean , when i was a kid i watched a lot of doraemon and it was translated to spanish but with portuguese subtitles , and what i learned back then i still remember today ( like for example `` ventana '' which is spanish for `` janela '' in portuguese or `` window '' in english ) , and this is just one of many examples . 
  spanish is certainly higher in portugal , the languages are mutually intelligible . 
  corruption is n't affected by austerity nor is it the imf 's responsibility but rather our own judicial system 's . 
   it would have a big impact but it 's not a loss for everyone . 
  well , it certainly would n't be a victory for anyone , and everyone who had money here would face risks , so it could amount to very substantial losses for everyone . 
  i mean , just read up on the international impacts of your 1929 crisis , i 'm sure you 'll learn a thing or two and realize how such an event can be disastrous for the whole world , specially now where everything is much more connected . 
   personally i 'd rather see a wealthy leadership role in europe rather than india or asia , but i do t think the world can support two at the same time . 
  regarding leadership , i do n't think it 's a choice like that . 
  sure , you have the eu , the usa , russia , china , india and brazil and there can be serious competition , but there 's no need for anything to turn ugly , deep down we just want to live in peace and prosperity , if x or y happen to take the lead , fine , i guess . 
   if the intervention was positive on the economy , the unemployment rate would n't be rising so sharply nor the youngsters would be leaving the country , would they ? 
  that 's not news , in fact , it would be worse in the long run if there had n't been such an effort to cut back on careless public spending . 
  fortunately now we are n't building football stadiums , highways and train tracks when we have plenty of those already , though we were very recently and if that had n't stopped , things would have been even worse now . 
   so , are you saying that our vat did n't increase 3 % , that 50 % of the christmas subsidy was n't cut , that 2 month wage of the civil servants for the next years was n't cut , that savings did n't see a tax increase and that the personal income tax was n't revised to increase the collection and that globally the tax collection decreased ? 
  all true , part of the unfortunate cuts that have to be made so we can pay some of our debts and start living again within our own means . 
  it 's not pretty , sure , it 's an hard choice , but the money has to come of somewhere . 
  i 'd rather have that than the default of the state alongside the much worse hardships we would have to face if that happened . 
  as of now , life goes on , it 's not easy but it 's manageable , it would be much worse if suddenly there was no money at all to pay for everything . 
   if the companies were closing just like everywhere , than again , the unemployment rate would be leveled with everywhere , witch it is n't , right ? 
  this unemployment is related to our uncompetitiveness and is made worse because of the unfavorable investment conditions . 
  there 's no easy answer but again , the government over-spending was n't proving helpful in fighting unemployment and once our financial situation is stabilized again , investment here will be more attractive and employment can improve again . 
   even if our gdp was increasing that would n't mean that our poverty level was decreasing . 
  sure , our gini index is n't close to that of germany or denmark but it 's not over 0.5 or anything , we 're steadily in the 0.38 whereas these countries are around the 0.25 iirc . 
  i mean , it 's quite an overstatement to say that the `` middle class has essentially vanished '' , it clearly has not . 
   you see , incompetence and corruption is what got us here , left and right incompetence and corruption . 
  here i fully agree with you . 
   convince them we should stay rich and exploit the poorer countries . 
  what ? 
  you do n't convince people to being exploited , you either take advantage or you do n't . 
  the usa did but let 's not discuss that here , as that 's not related to the impact its economy has on the rest of the world . 
  specially in this globalized world , it 's actually kind of foolish to think that if the us or the eu had a meltdown or just defaulted that it would n't have a massive impact on the rest of the world . 
  i mean if a sneeze in greece is all it takes to affect portugal 's interest rates , obviously an hypothetical meltdown would have severe global repercussions . 
  it 's an all or nothing because it seems pretty clear the eu member-states are committed in furthering integration and the uk just keeps threatening to veto everything in this regard and criticizing the eu for everything . 
  and it 's not an all or nothing to an eu super-state , but to transfer more sovereignty in regards to fiscal consolidation and to deepening the free market , not to put every `` other country in one '' . 
  the eu wants to be more unified so it can more easily solve its problems , if the uk is the only one who disagrees , would n't it be undemocratic that everyone else had to abide by the wishes of one ? 
  besides , it 's not like we wo n't talk to you if you leave , you 'd be like switzerland or norway you so much admire , so things might even end up being positive for us both . 
   no disrespect ( ... ) fuck off . 
  ows is that way =  http://www.reddit.com/r/occupywallstreet, 
   raised our unemployment level to around 15 % it was already in the 13 % before the imf . 
   increased our taxes to the point of diminishing returns we have n't had low taxes for ages . 
   enterprise and personal bankruptcies skyrocketed no , there are companies closing just like everywhere , there 's no skyrocket increase . 
   middle class has essentially vanished no , it did not . 
   poverty levels are hitting new records everyday . 
  link for our gdp growth in the last [ 3 years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/chart.png?s=ptgdpqoq&amp;d1=20090601&amp;d2=20120630 ) , [ 10 years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/chart.png?s=ptgdpqoq&amp;d1=20020101&amp;d2=20120630 ) and [ 20 years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/chart.png?s=ptgdpqoq&amp;d1=19920601&amp;d2=20120630 ) . 
  so no , no record levels of poverty . 
  my grandparents would laugh at you and nag you with their childhood stories , when they were either almost starving or being drafted to fight in the war while nowadays we stay at home with all these luxuries complaining how bad things are . 
   education and health are the most affected sectors with the biggest cuts it was being cut before the imf , ask mr. s\u00f3crates why he decided to spend way more than the country had for years . 
   social security is on the brink of bankruptcy due to the wave of unemployed and poor people in need for food and help ponzi schemes are hardly sustainable . 
  and social security spends most of its money not on poor people or on the unemployed but on pensions , just because we 're an old country . 
  sure , unemployment is also taking its toll , but it 's not like suddenly unemployment skyrocketed because it has n't , it 's just growing steadily for so long , now we 're worrying about it . 
   one of the biggest waves in emigration in our history `` between 1886 and 1966 , portugal lost an estimated 2.6 million people to emigration , more than any west european country except ireland . '', 
  [ link ] ( http://countrystudies.us/portugal/48.htm ) , so no , saying we 're experiencing one of the biggest waves of emigration is laughable by our standards . 
  also , [ net migration rate ] ( http://www.migrationinformation.org/resources/portugal.cfm ) of 3.23 migrants per 1000 population , so there are more people entering in portugal than there are leaving . 
   mostly composed by our young and most educated , people that cost so much to educate and now are going to put their knowledge in use somewhere else . 
  indeed , we need to promote employment otherwise our unemployment rate and young emigration might turn into a serious problem , more than it already is . 
   corruption began the killing of our country corruption is still killing the country  austerity made the finishing move austerity is saving us from government overspending - it was the socialist careless spending that got us to where we are now , mind you . 
   it will be long decades before we can recover . 
  hopefully not . 
   so yes , thank you for the applause . 
  we do n't need no fucking applause , we need to learn from the past and get our shit together , and it starts by not acting irresponsibility and blame others when we have to face the consequences of our recklessness . 
  [ largest economies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28nominal%29 ) look who 's # 1 . 
  if we fall , the whole thing comes crashing down . 
  starting by the # 2 , the usa .
