  [ link ] ( http://nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ ) to that webpage . 
  they do n't have saudi arabia 's ( which has usa 's ) support and it 's fairly impossible now with such negative response from the international community to their crackdown , but that does n't make it any less wrong or insane , it 's still very very unsettling , in this very moment people continue to be blown off by the minute and they 're completely defenseless , and we also seem just as helpless in trying to make it stop ... 
   if things start to get too troublesome . 
  are n't they already ? 
  how could al-asad ever rule over his country again like he did before the arab spring uprising ? 
  with some sugar and some arsenic on it i would do just fine , if we 're all going to die either way and i ca n't live on another planet away from all this pathetic nonsense , at least i 'd let you going on about your business of shallow ideals and nauseating hypocrisy and i 'd be dead so i would n't care , so your cup of i do n't care tea is indeed an offer . 
  you must think i `` berate the brits for their governments foreign policy '' , i hardly even care anymore , i see genocide in syria with women and children being blown off with heavy shelling and people not giving a shit , they 'd rather see obama sing or a celebrity doing something funny , so yeah , it 's not like i hate you for the lack of interest you and your government have in making the eu project work , i just hate everybody 's lack of interest in everything and specially the fucking hypocrisy of associating an economic policy or a political union to a fucking genocidal regime and then completely ignoring real genocide when it 's happen in this very moment , so yeah , fuck you , fuck me and fuck everything about this , we sure talk the talk but we 're too weak to do anything to even try to change it . 
  do n't take my word for it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us9bg42fnu0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhy9nmakxqo, 
  * ceteris paribus * , turkey will never join the eu because if * ceteris paribus * that will mean the middle east region will never stabilize and it would be a great liability for the eu to allow turkey in in those conditions . 
  also , all these * ceteris paribus * remind me of my lectures in microeconomics . 
  now i ca n't speak straight without saying that a thousand times and it 's driving me crazy . 
  shut up . 
  it was the voices again telling me to kill you . 
  do n't make such generalizations with the google link to those serbian anti gay riots , there 's stupid people everywhere . 
  what ? 
  if we 're going to be the baddies again , at least let 's be honest about it !, 
  i 'll stock up on seasickness pills , if we 're going to rule the world again we 'll first need to sail to africa , enslave a bunch of tribals , then sail to the americas , kill everyone there through conventional and biological warfare and keep those colonies under strict control so they do n't break away and do n't flood the interwebs with their stupidity ... who 's with me ? 
  fuck off with your nationalism . 
  your started out all defensive and nobody had said a thing and now you 're just naming things people from romania did as if that makes it more of a country . 
  you do n't need to teach us what romania did to the world or be concerned that a lot of people just do n't seem to care . 
  i could also tell you about the first and longest lived global portuguese empire but it would n't mean shit , people would still misspell portuguese as portugese or go like `` oh , you mean like in south america ? 
  '' , so yeah , fuck them for being ignorant and fuck you for taking them seriously . 
  besides , just like i did n't do a thing to discover the naval way to the indies or circumnavigate the globe , or everything else that a portuguese did , you also did n't do shit that contributed to what could be called romanians contributions to mankind , which on its own is stupid because those contributions do n't matter when they came from . 
  if einstein was n't german but was polish , for example , you think that would make all his contributions to mankind as a whole less relevant ? 
  you think that him being german makes germany a more big of a deal ? 
  and also less hate speech . 
  you know , like for example some comparisons of the eu with the third reich or with the soviet union made by british politicians who turn out to be quite more popular than expected in the uk . 
  yes . 
  really ? 
  lisbon is the european capital with the second lowest homicide rate just after valletta ? 
  good to know !, 
  why ? 
  why would countries with such problems risk so much in a single investment , even if we 're talking about greece ? 
  from what i 've seen in your house of commons not only do they not have any solid policy other than not-conservative , they fail spectacularly in standing up for what they believe in , it 's always bad criticism of the current government and failure to present their viable alternatives or reaching any compromise . 
  as you might imagine i 'm really not into uk politics as i have my own to worry about , but i 'd say from what i 've seen that not only is their policy not the wisest , they are really bad as politicians , not being able to gather the support of the uk 's voters , not agreeing among themselves and mostly not even trying to do more of an opposition than just talking down about everything the tories are doing and not trying to reach any agreement or any common ground . 
  yes , but the tories want to halt and fall back on european integration , so that would n't be a good choice for me . 
  as for the ld , i confess i do n't know much about , but i tell you i 'd never vote in your labour party , they are currently really bad , it 's one of the worst oppositions i 've seen , they 're really in an awful situation at the moment . 
  portugal abolished it before ww1 , in 1911 iirc ... damn , i honestly thought you were more liberal . 
  wait , how come you only abolished the death penalty that late when you were part of the european project since its birth and the eu does n't allow the death penalty within its borders ? 
  are you telling me it was ok to be part of the european community and still have the death penalty as late as 1981 ? 
  yes , i 'm not questioning that , i 'm just pointing out the elephant in the room that is the integration ( or lack of ) of most of your immigrant communities . 
  bah , this sucks . 
  here we also lack a political party that is n't backwards in terms of civil rights and who wo n't overspend . 
  i mean , i 'm pretty happy with my liberties but why is it either a choice between parties that promote the economic growth and employment or parties that promote gay marriage , drug liberalization , gay adoption or abortion ? 
  why the fuck do they have to be mutually exclusive ? 
   in us the word socialism has a wider meaning . 
  that 's a kind way of saying it 's a baseless insult . 
  not because of the french , it 's not . 
  it 's because of immigrants , you have french having one or no kids at all and then people from their former colonies with four or five of them . 
  and then they grow up in the ghetto not trying to fit in , have more kids like them and set paris on fire because discrimination . 
  no wonder people like sarkozy have it easy for them in being reelected . 
   he will not legalize gay marriage fuck !, 
  i always thought you were one of the first to legalize it ... 
  i mean , you 're so liberal , i never knew you still had n't legalized it . 
  even we already allow , and we 're quite backwards in that sense , i mean , we 're giving our religious holidays the same importance as the national ones and even we allow gay marriage !, 
  is this facebook ? 
   not all spanish people understand portuguese . 
  they understand it , alright . 
  sometimes they like to pretend they do n't but if we talk calmly they 'll understand us perfectly just like we understand them clearly when they do n't rush out those words . 
  as an experience , the next time a spanish guys says he does n't understand you , reply him with a swear word like `` n\u00e3o digas merda , espanhol '' and their understanding of portuguese will improve just like that !, 
   europe 's leaders had assumed that greece would quickly return to economic growth . 
  no , they did not . 
  they were and still are just trying to stop the debt from spiraling out of control . 
  economic recovery will only be possible when the situation is stabilized and their massive debt is brought back to acceptable levels . 
  i 'm not yet an economist ( first year in a faculty of economics ) but it 's pretty clear for anyone who pays attention to these news that greece will still shrink considerably and only in five to ten years will resume economic growth if things go as planned . 
  you do have to consider that some part of their wealth was `` artificial '' as they were hiding their spending - just like printing money does n't make you wealthier , hiding your debts does n't make you richer , it just delays the expenses . 
  and people are giving all the shit to the germans ... 
  the problem seems to be that any other issue not related to the current eu crisis is as easily discussed in other reddits . 
  how can you answer your views on topics like drugs or on gay marriage in a quick census ? 
  these discussions are incredibly interesting but ca n't really be answered with two or three words . 
  besides , it 's not like we ca n't just open a self-post about these issues , we do n't need a census to get r/europe 's views on these issues . 
  hard to achieve that on reddit . 
  i 'll take depressing and thought-provoking over circlejerking any day of the week . 
  you forgot [ past\u00e9is de nata ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasteis_de_nata ), 
  fuck , you were being sarcastic ... 
  i suggest we all write everyone in politics that we do n't want the web regulated and make them pass something similar to a fucking iiliwacbfr act - short for `` internet is like international waters and can not be fucking regulated act '' . 
   the elite oh , not this again . 
  they 're called copyright agencies and they do n't want to keep a brotha down , they just want all them moneys !, 
  was this caught on the spam filter ? 
  and a devalued currency would shut them down for good , one think is having the euro and having problems paying off loans , another much more serious in having the drachma and having problems buying fuel or food - which certainly would happen with an extremely devalued currency . 
  on the other hand , germany is the country that 's risking the most in the eu and would probably fall the hardest in percentage if the eu project failed . 
  first we should focus on paying our debt and only then worrying about interest . 
  i feel sick when people whine about the interest rates when so much money has already been given us for free from the eu and also because even if there was no interest rate , we still would n't have paid our loans off , not by a long shot . 
  it 's only fair we have to sweat a bit to pay for all the bad investment and overspending we did . 
  why should the germans have to pay for our soccer stadiums or for our public employees that are on facebook on work hours and go on strike every time they think they 'll benefits will be reduced to those of the private sector ? 
  we do n't care about your dumbass friend . 
  why is northern ireland not divided ? 
  it would be interesting to compare the area of belfast with the rest of it . 
  [ meanwhile in portugal ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/noticias/index.php?article=523982&amp;tm=8&amp;layout=122&amp;visual=61 ), 
  they should come to portugal in the summer , i 'd like to see them handle  40\u00bac in the shadow . 
   looks like the desert that is the margem sul . 
  ftfy, 
  do n't be sad , that makes you a better person . 
  yeah ? 
  well , what the fuck does the usa knows ? 
  specially the people throwing the accusations , what do they know about the world they live in ? 
  seriously , do they even know africa is a continent ? 
  a war ? 
  are you talking about mafia wars or modern warfare ? 
  so , did you nail her in an effort to raise their average iq ?
