  worse than 5 years of austerity ? 
  the alternative you just presented was probably worse than 50 years of austerity , defaulting and getting a new currency would be essentially disconnecting us from europe and disallowing us from ever coming back !, 
   the economy is stagnant because of the austerity policies being followed not just by us , but by many of our main trading partners in europe . 
  if it were just us , we might actually be doing ok . [ the economy has been stagnant for over a decade now . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/gdp-growth ) austerity is a new thing , before that , we 've had spending spending spending , and since 2001 that the economy is always having minimal growth . 
  you talk as if the economy was booming but suddenly austerity came and we 're now stranded in this situation when the reality is nothing like it , we 've been stranded and without any substantial growth for over 10 years now . 
  [ the same ca n't be said about our spending ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/government-debt-to-gdp ) which is the main culprit , it more than doubled in only 10 years . 
  even with a stagnant economy , we 'd be fine with some ~ 50 % debt to gdp ratio ( like we had some 12 years ago ) , it would be well below the 60 % of the euro convergence criteria . 
  economic growth is n't caused by government spending , it 's government spending that must be depended on economic growth . 
  in fact , i just demonstrated to you that despite the government spending , the economy stayed the same . 
  while we do n't tackle the problem of the lack of economic growth , we must deal with the problem of the public debt as to prevent the economic growth problem from being even more serious , and there 's only one solution to the public debt , austerity . 
   the united states after wwii had a much higher debt to ratio than that , yet they not only came out of the war with the great depression problem solved but they also paid that debt . 
  yeah , but after ww2 the usa were also the only superpower . 
  what were they main competitors ? 
  [ everyone else was devastated ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aftermath_of_world_war_ii#immediate_effects ) !, 
   and yes , i 'm all for inflation , europeans apparently think inflation is a moral or ethical problem , i do n't see it . 
  where 's the incentive to save and invest in the future if tomorrow everything is worth less ? 
  it promotes frugal spending and disincentives a sustainable growth in the economy . 
  i do n't know how about you , but if i was working all my life to save up for retirement , i 'd hate to get old and see my life savings only worth half or a fourth of what i worked for . 
  and this is simply an example , inflation eats all these long-term saving up . 
   how is it acceptable for states to bailout banks , but inflation who also helps the people that are having problems , is n't ? 
  bailing out banks ? 
  that 's unacceptable if you ask me . 
  but even more unacceptable are banks failing in the first place because bankers were reckless and gambled with their clients ' money . 
  but this is besides the point , this should n't be economic policy and the role of government , it should be the judicial system and the courts . 
   how is it acceptable to have 25 % unemployment but inflation is n't ? 
  25 % unemployment rate ? 
  that 's also unacceptable if you ask me . 
  but then again , government ca n't create long term employment like that , even in portugal you already have a clear excess in public workers . 
  i 'd personally fix this by zeroing corporate taxes - anything you 'd lose in revenues you 'd increase in employment , available income , social stability , increased investment and associated economies , but this is my personal opinion and it might be too bold , i just assume that nobody ever did this because they 've done the math and figured out it was n't worth it , but i personally do n't know . 
  or maybe because you ca n't just slash taxes massively , you also need to cut bureaucracy , liberalise the labour market , make the justice system more efficient , among other things , and this is an heck of a reform which would certainly take years to gather public support , be discussed and implemented . 
   we would n't have much inflation anyway , the eurozone could easily print at least as much as the us did since we are a bigger economy . 
  the eurozone will never inflate like that and i 've already demonstrated how serious the impacts of us leaving the euro and inflating our currency can have in our economy . 
   i do n't see that effect , as long as there is growth and the interest rates are low , that just does n't happen . 
  as long as there is growth , yes . 
  unfortunately , this is n't the case . 
   you know how you can get growth and low interest rates ? 
  you get eurobonds and let the central banks do their fucking jobs instead of being in a euro standard straight jacket . 
  all the eurobonds in the world would n't be enough if we continued with our structural problems , we 'd just drag the rest of the eu down like we 're doing now . 
   the eurobonds/federation will take time while i do agree on the eurobonds , we need to fix the public debt and the growth first for this to be reliable . 
  and this will still take time . 
   there 's really no solution at the portuguese level since we do n't control our currency or much of anything . 
  hypothetically speaking , if we had our own currency , you think we 'd easily devalue it and this would solve our current problems ? 
   at the portuguese level we must either default or continue doing whatever austerity is asked of us . 
  so , at the portuguese level , you do agree that we must continue with austerity , right ? 
  or do you think that we should default and end this once and for all ? 
   public debt should ideally not be tackled at all during a depression in which a huge private sector deleveraging is underway . 
  portugal has a debt to gdp growth over 100 % and the economy is stagnant . . how can we ignore this ? 
  how could this not be our # 1 priority ?? 
   there should be huge stimulus programs , monetize the costs for them if needed . 
  so even more public spending and even more long-term debt but this time on an european scale ? 
  and what do you mean with `` monetise the costs '' , to pay them through inflation ? 
   we can tackle the public debt once the eurozone economy is growing again and the private sector has deleveraged . 
  these two are interconnected , you know that ? 
  investing in a 150 % public debt to gdp ratio is much less appealing than it would if it was a 50 % or 5 % ratio , you ca n't ignore public debt and only deal with it once the economy is growing again when these are correlated . 
  tell me , if austerity is n't a solution to tackle with public debt , what is ? 
   the problem now is that this course will have no results , it was sold to the portuguese has a difficult path but with hope that in the last half of 2013 the country would be more or less decent , that 2012 would be shit but then it would get a bit better , instead 2012 was shit , 2013 will be much more worse , there are already talks of what is needed to be cut in 2014 , and merkel had said austerity is at least another 5 years . 
  when will this stop ? 
  whomever said this massive debt could be solved in a couple of years was not speaking the truth . 
  s\u00f3crates himself took 6 whole years to raise the public debt to gdp ratio from 50 % to 110 % , how the heck could we ever drive this back down to acceptable levels in such a short period of time ? 
  it will stop , eventually , when the debt is n't no longer an issue , till then , unfortunately , we do n't have much choice , do we ? 
   suddently the alternative how much radical they can seem start to become have more appeal then this never ending path of destruction . 
  what alternative ? 
  you need to deal with the public debt - you either increase the tax rates ( we 've already done some of that and our taxes are already immense , this has serious long-term impacts in our competitiveness ) or you increase the taxable matter aka the economy ( which is proving immensely difficult to do considering our unattractiveness - who 'd want to invest in a country with our tax rates , with our justice system , with our labour market restrictions and with our regulation and bureaucracy ? ), 
  or you decrease public spending ( which is what we 're doing - since increasing taxes is more harmful than good in the long run and since the economy needs to be reformed to regain competitiveness - austerity is the only viable short-term solution ) . 
  you 're absolutely right that this is a raw deal , but it 's one which we need to accept simply because there are no other viable alternatives . 
  in a better world , we 'd have more time to deal with this or we 'd have lower interest rates or we 'd have never got this whole debt in the first place , but unfortunately , this is n't the case , and between slashing public spending in everything deemed unnecessary ( which is what we 're doing ) and either increasing public spending in an effort to stimulate growth ( which is what were doing in the first place and what played a major role in getting us in this situation ) or defaulting on our debts ( which would be much more drastic and serious than any austerity , it would be like amputating a leg because it hurts to disinfect it ) , the choice seems pretty clear to me - we have no choice . 
   when he 's not trolling ( which is only about 15 % of the time ) uat2d has a pretty balanced opinion . 
   i 'm afraid that you , however , are mistaking personal preference with substance . 
  thanks . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right , even though i 'm anonymous here and it 's very easy to get away with being an asshole , i try not to push it too much because it stops being funny after a while and because i also like reddit for more serious discussions like these . 
  i could create two accounts but i guess i just do n't care that much . 
  perhaps more surprising than a trip costing more by train than by car is the same trip costing more by train than by plane . 
  i mean , really , how can low-cost airliners be so damn efficient ? 
   most people disagree with the course the government is taking count me in , i wholly disagree with some its measures , namely the serious increases in taxes which while they 'll reduce the short term public deficits , on the long run it will make the economy much more uncompetitive . 
  all this while we 're struggling to reduce emigration and unemployment remains dangerously high - you 're right , we 're performing very poorly in these aspects . 
   saying the public supports this course is clearly wrong . 
  the public also does n't support the alternatives presented of ending austerity and going back to spending . 
  we 've had spending for decades and the economy did n't grow , we must not confuse cause and consequence , we must have economic growth to afford public spending , not spend to create economic growth . 
  imo , because the alternatives of what is being done are also so shitty , that 's why there 's such an unpopularity of our political system , because whomever you choose , things could be done much better . 
   the lastest polls , that are everywhere , show that what i call radical left ( think we can agree there ) , be and cdu now have the same amount of votes combined than psd . 
  that is a huge development . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  at least present some valid and unbiased sources to those claims , as i find it extremely odd . 
  sure , psd is quite unpopular now but be and cdu gather more votes than them ? 
  that ca n't be . 
   merkel and germany are the face of this european polici of austerity yes , and we ca n't blame them for them . 
  austerity is n't the root of our problems and it was us that seek them when the shit hit the fan and who deliberately agreed to the conditions they gave us if we accepted their help , which we did . 
  again , we still have the chance of telling them to fuck off and that we do n't need them , though things would be much worse on our end , i doubt we 'd be able to afford most of things we 've now became so used to . 
  without their funding , our healthcare , education , justice and security systems , pensions and welfare state , these are all compromised , as if it was n't for foreign funds , we simply would not be able to afford all of this like we currently do . 
   or the portuguese do n't trust the austrians ( 2.13 ) , but the austrians are ambivalent about the portuguese ( 2.5 ) . 
  in fact , i think that portuguese-austrian score is rather bizarrely the lowest on the board , is there some historical reason there ? 
  none that i can think off . 
  but then again , if you 'll allow me , these are just numbers people pulled out of their ass , it was surveys asking people `` how much do you trust x ? 
  '' , it 's not very scientific , to put it lightly . 
  i personally see myself just as trusting of austrians as i am of germans or the swiss or the czechs or the poles or whatever . 
  if i was an investor , i 'd probably be just as careful in leaving my money in any of these countries and less careful than i would in nowadays portugal . 
   their stupidity  newspaper i 'm pretty sure he was talking about the newspaper , not about the maltese . 
  i do n't know , i 'm just giving my unbiased 3rd party opinion here . 
   so we maltese are stupid ?
