  stupid and bored people exist everywhere . 
  indeed . 
  the only difference which is the problem me and others are bringing up is that the people who run the stanley cup does n't advocate violence and they do n't teach and reward the people who go there to be obedient and to follow their teachings and much less to go out of their way and force others into it . 
  with regards to islam , that ca n't be said , they actively suppress dissenting voices and they are more than willing to use violence to achieve their goals . 
  in short , yes , there are assholes everywhere , that 's not what we 're arguing with here - we 're discussing the ideology and the agenda behind these incidents . 
   the muslims i asked just said that the film was in bad taste and did n't really care about it . 
  oh , so because you know some muslims and they 're fine , all muslims and islam as an ideology are fine . 
  wow , i feel much safer already . 
   the violent protests were mostly in countries with huge political instability and/or poverty . 
  and there were also attempts for such protests here in europe as well , greece and france come to mind , so the political instability and poverty is n't the cause of it but rather why they proved to be so deadly - as there was n't the security to prevent it . 
   it essentially comes down to morons fearing socialism and federalism , who would prefer to be america 's lapdog than part of a progressive union . 
  [ it 's your choice . 
   the us looks like it 's racist , when in reality , it 's probabely the least racist place in the world . 
  i ca n't think of any other country that had a civil war over slavery . 
   cheap lulz  that attitude in turn may have spread to other chans  stormfrontfags  ylilauta oh , so it 's someone from / pol / ? 
  they really are like cancer , it 's as if they ca n't be left alone in their own chan and have to spread . 
  fuck them for killing / new / . 
  anyway , you 're making an huge deal about this one dude who wants attention . 
  if some guy goes full retard , let him , the more you moan about it , the more he 'll act out . 
  i still do n't understand how you can defend a free market but be against the free movement of people . 
  how does that even work ? 
  how is it meant to be a free market if there 's limitations to the movement of the workforce ? 
  they do n't ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they do and that they 're not few . 
  for example , remove your flair and say something like `` gibraltar is spanish '' or `` uk , gtfo of the eu '' , i assure you - that 's guaranteed grief . 
   5 votes in an hour can make a thread the top post . 
  and if it 's a silly thread that 's going up , everyone else will be bringing it down . 
   and as i said above , numbers can easily be padded out with sockpuppets . 
  so the same 5 dudes have a lot of accounts and they all vote to keep their ideas visible ? 
  does n't reddit already filter out extra votes that come from the same ip address ? 
  either way , if that 's true , it 's quite sad , i guess some people really need to get a life and not spend all their time in front of the computer spewing shit on the web . 
  oh , and some time ago that reddit came up in discussion and it was said that i was a member there . 
  it was quite silly as i 've been a member here for well over an year now and that reddit was at the time only a couple of dudes nobody had ever heard about . 
  the problem with their butthurt and their idiocy is that people are killed because of it . 
  someone claiming that our negative reactions were unjustified and hinting that the anti-islam posts were orchestrated is stupid . 
  heck , people killed and kill in the name of that fucking religion all over the world and it 's unfortunate but if you even dare to criticize that religion , you 're suddenly part of a conspiracy and belong to an extremist hate-group ? 
  that reddit had 6 members at the time , that 's not a propaganda campaign , that 's a bunch of guys being dicks . 
   wanting europe to remain white lol , in the summer half of portugal goes to the beach in the hopes of getting a suntan but unfortunately for them , by now they 're all white again . 
  to be fair , the reactions that that film provoked were ridiculous : http://i.imgur.com/lz9nd.jpg, 
   why dumb racists consider portuguese as coloureds , and why they even go through the effort of mentioning this , i do n't get either , but they do . 
  because they are racist . 
  why do you care so much then ? 
  it 's not like they 're calling you black or coloured or pink with green stripes and blue dots . 
  who cares what some people call some other people ? 
   and as i mentioned higher up in this thread , racist south-africans refer to portuguese people as `` porras '' in an insulting , racist way . 
  i 'm not offended or insulted . 
  heck , i also say `` porra '' out loud when something bad happens and i do n't want to swear - sometimes `` foda-se '' comes out but who cares ? 
  really , why should i care if some dudes whom i 've never met call me `` porra '' or `` foda '' or `` bacalhay '' ? 
  xd  a racist would say : `` maybe you consider the majority of portuguese as fair-skinned , but we see the difference all too good . 
  they 're darker allright . '', 
  and if that person said that to me , i 'd say i was proud of who i am and that i 'll do my best to have sex with the whitest and most pale ladies i could fine . 
  that should be fun , i 'm certain it would lead to funny situations . 
  x )  to conclude , need i really mention that i find looking down on portuguese people -- for any reason -- completely retarded ? 
  i hope i at least made that clear . 
  dude , you bother too much . 
  i 'm portuguese and i honestly do n't care , why do you ? 
  coloured ? 
  as in like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:coloured-family.jpg ) ? 
  silly , we are n't like that , that 's more brazil , which was were we portuguese took all our slaves . 
  `` not black , coloured '' is a silly term imo , it 's as if you 're talking about rainbow-people or something like that . 
  i 've never seen a muslim in portugal , so i never shouted at them . 
   are you seriously going to lead the discussion to the point of throwing up pictures of fairer-skinned portuguese ? 
  that was n't a random picture , that is arguably the person within the eu that has the most power and he 's portuguese . 
  you mentioned the portuguese are blacks and then i just commented on his blackness . 
   what 's next ? 
  mentioning that a number of portuguese have beautiful blue eyes ? 
  i have sexy brown eyes . 
  there 's this one chick from erasmus with blue eyes that i think digs me . 
  if i get lucky , next week i 'll be on her . 
  i 'll leave you wondering how awesome it would be if we had a child and it was black ( like me ) and with blue eyes ( like her ) . 
    a racist will consider the portuguese as coloured `` porras '' i honestly ca n't understand what the fuck you 're talking about , by anyway , did you know that `` porra '' is portuguese for `` dick '' ? 
   with maybe a few fair-skinned exceptions to the rule . 
  til that the great majority of people here are the exception . 
  i did n't mentioned anything about race - i 'm not suggesting you said anything . 
  i 'm just saying that i rather debate and be insulted because of my views on economic policy instead because of my views on what measures we should take to prevent some immigration . 
   edit : and we need all kinds of discussions , not only the pleasant ones  discussing economics can get pretty nasty when the communists and the syndicalists come along . 
  on the one hand , i really want to joke about the brits vetoing eu proposals but on the other hand , why does the eu need to increase its budget ? 
  if they really need more money , then can just spend less on the cap . 
   i 've only been reading this reddit for a few months but i definitely agree that it is incredibly racist . 
  if you do n't like it here , you can leave . 
   discussions here always talk about islam and culture within fuck no . 
  in fact , i miss the times were we talked more about economics and less about immigration . 
  til [ the president of the eu commission ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hxmff.jpg ) is black . 
  sweden is getting more retarded by the day . 
  yes , we can read the article 's subtitle . 
  so alcoholism is proof that we europeans fucked things up for everyone else ? 
  just wait until you learn that in mesoamerica and in the andes they chewed coca leaves thousands of years before we even got there . 
   this wo n't solve anything . 
  the portuguese are already severely overtaxed so each time they raise one tax they lose revenue in another and they end up not getting any extra money . 
  this , we 're way past the [ optimal point ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laffer_curve ) in terms of taxation - this is only severely harming our competitiveness , adding to our unemployment and , the worst part , it 's not bringing in a considerable amount of extra revenue to the state . 
  they 'd best wise up and cut on the expenses , not continuing to raise taxes hoping it will solve the deficits without these severe secondary effects . 
   i 'd also like to say that moody 's is filled with complete idiots [ corrupt idiots ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/moodys-analyst-conflicts-corruption-and-greed-2011-8#ixzz1vuhuegjg ) , might i add . 
   or ... the statistic is simply broken . 
  yeah , that sounds more like it . 
   spain - 0.093 in english   spain - 0.003 in german   spain - 0.021 in french yup , seems about right . 
  though it would also be great if we could see the % of people that speak spanish . 
  it 's quite an oversight if they did n't ask about it considering spanish is in the top 3 of the most spoken languages in the world . 
  so one would be paid for aborting ? 
  the civil war will soon end . 
  it will be replaced by a conventional war , it seems .
