   i think he was being sarcastic . 
  no , he really believes in the anti-profit crap he writes . 
   i think it 's bad to subsidize jobs just because they are jobs . 
  germany does n't subsidise low paying employment , it makes welfare payments for poor people , these are n't the same thing . 
   if whatever you do creates value , you should be able to live off of it . 
  and if we are people , we should be able to live with dignity and everybody should be happy . 
  the question should be , are wage and price controls the best way to achieve this ? 
   the difference between unemployed and low-paid is kinda fuzzy in germany . 
  if your salary is less than what you 'd get when unemployed , you will get benefits . 
  i 'm not familiar with the details , but it 's essentially a subsidy for low-paying jobs . 
  all the more reason not to impose wage controls . 
   when this is about to get enacted into law , unemployment will sharply rise unemployment wo n't rise sharply , youth and unskilled unemployment will . 
  when germany 's poor become poorer , these social democratic geniuses will tell you it 's another market failure and the solution will be even higher minimum wages and more extensive price controls . 
   then again , maybe this will boost domestic demand . 
  the unemployed do n't consume as much as those with lower wages . 
   you realise there 's a happy medium , right ? 
  [ argument to moderation is an informal fallacy which asserts that the truth can be found as a compromise between two opposite positions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_to_moderation ) . 
   i do not live in germany . 
  no , you live in spain , a country with over 55 % of youth unemployment and an high minimum wage when compared to the average wage . 
  and you 're telling a german , a country with less than 8 % of youth unemployment and no minimum wage , that this will be good for them . 
   it will increase the internal wealth of german workers . 
  they 'll spend more money . 
  it will increase internal demand . 
  so the worker will paid more ( and the employers is paid less ) which will mean that workers will spend more ( and the employers spend less ) and this will lead to more demand ? 
  how about employers who have minimum wage workers will have more costs associated with them and will fire some otherwise they wo n't be able to compete and these new workers will be unemployed ( meaning demand will fall ) ? 
  [ european youth unemployment ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/8/8b/youth_unemployment%2c_2012q4_%28%25%29.png ) [ european minimum wages ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/d/d2/mw_map_eur_july_2013.png ) fucking genius !, 
   this is going to do a fuck tonne for the eu economy . 
  this bit of internal political horse trading will drastically increase german demand . 
  the spd might have just saved the eurozone . 
  while making germans a lot richer . 
  finally germany will be able to be as rich as spain or greece !, 
   more than if you speak the language of our ( dearest ) ennemy ...  \u00bf y se hablar en espa\u00f1ol ? 
  merci  it 's quite difficult to try and keep fluent in french without practising it , and considering i already know portuguese , spanish , english and am now learning italian , i 'll go out on a limb here and say this is already quite an effort on my part :p, 
   do you know what liberalism mean ? 
  ` liberal ' has a different meaning in europe than it has in the usa ( where i 'll assume op is from ), 
   tip : if you start with ` je ne parle pas fran\u00e7ais . 
  instead of jumping directly to english , you will have a higher percentage of success . 
  add a s ` il vous pla\u00eet and a few mercis and people would do whatever to help you . 
  do you think people will give me any credit even if i 'm murdering their language ? 
   you ca n't excommunicate citizens of your country . 
  i do it all the time with an anti-pope !, 
   we 've survived 40 years of communist rule , but you can be sure as hell there would be no czech nation anymore after 40 years of green rule . 
  i think you 're either underestimating the communists or overestimating the greens . 
   i can stomach the communists , but not the greens . 
  that does n't make much sense , at least in theory the greens want to stop pollution , not abolish private property of the means of production . 
   coming to decisions is hard enough without giving a place that small a veto over certain areas of eu law . 
  that 's an argument against the current eu procedures , not an argument against a possible entry by san marino . 
   49 % of argentina 's population is italian which is also why argentinians look much different than other south americans . 
  [ or so they say ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zvki30a.png ) . . 
   opening unprotected trade with economies that do n't operate on equal footing is probably a bad idea . 
  '' [ the sun does n't operate on equal footing with the candlestick makers , better restrict sunlight ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/petition.html ) ! '', 
   switzerland is the only example i can think of yup , it 's the only example i can think of proper more direct democracy . 
   i am not against all referendums . 
  so where do you draw the line ? 
   us , uk , japan , france , germany remain the most powerful and prosperous large countries in the world . 
  they do , but they 're not doing well , the economies have for the most part stagnated and the representative democracies have been flawed in these countries ( specially the usa with the fptp system and their politicians being despised by the majority of the population and that have racked up massive debts under the pressure of lobbies and special interest groups ) . 
   you can attach whatever pejorative you like to the statement , but greece 's system as it is currently implemented is not exactly the last word on how to avoid corruption within a democracy . 
  but the same can be said about the usa and they 've been a representative democracy ever since their independence . 
   except all of the most advanced and most equal societies in the world over the last 200 years have been based on representative democracy . 
  what about switzerland , perhaps the most advanced society in the world over the last 200 years ? 
  they have the system which mostly resembles direct democracy and they 're doing wonderfully great , are they not ? 
   southern europe might as well be considered the exception that proves the rule . 
  given how south america is going and how even the most developed countries like the usa , japan and even the uk are doing , i 'm guessing it is n't at all a system that 's sustainable on the long run . 
  i mean , what are the advantages of representative democracy as opposed to more direct democracy ? 
  more power to the wise politicians and less power to the ignorant masses that vote for them ? 
  because that seems to me to be your argument . 
   direct democracy through extensive public referendums and proposition systems has emerged a number of times , and often led to disastrous outcomes . 
  care to give us some examples ? 
  i can give one counter-example straight away , how even today there 's a great debate about abortion in the usa and how it was swiftly resolved in portugal with a referendum . 
   also , many southern european countries have hardly any historical experience of democracy . 
  spain , portugal and greece only lost their dictators during the 70s - we 're talking the same decade that thatcher came to power in britain . 
  so what ? 
  we 're too immature for democracy and need to be ruled over by an enlightened class ? 
  the 70s were 40 years ago , what the heck are you implying ? 
   new zealand is developed . 
  read my post properly . 
    brazil should have never tried to create an industry it was never capable of sustaining brazil is also developed . 
   due to the nature of technology markets . 
  what a bullshit excuse . 
   the us had huge tariffs as it developed . 
  what about the uk and the abolishment of the corn laws and after the 1850s ? 
   dumping is a known tactic used by the chinese . 
  you can read the press release about it here . 
  and , like i said , it 's only harming their taxpayers , we european consumers benefit greatly from these kinds of subsidies . 
  those of us who work in that area can and should move to another business as it 's no point in trying to out-compete with someone who 's giving us stuff for free , to deny such a gift would be like banning the use of sunlight because otherwise the candlestick makers may go out of business . 
   you forget that china is n't playing the game fair . 
  they heavily subsidize industry to keep their economical growth as it is now . 
  so what ? 
  it 's their mistake , they 're the ones who are paying out of their pockets to sell us things cheaper , we 're the ones who have to pay less for the goods and services we need to live a good life . 
   while it is n't right for france as a developed nation , protectionism can be entirely needed for a nation that wants to develop it 's industries . 
  like what happened in brazil with their now world renowned computer and electronic industry ? 
  oh , right , that did n't happen , it just made computers insanely more costly for brazilians . 
  anyway , perhaps the lack of protection made industries incapable of developing themselves like perhaps the farming sector in new zealand ? 
  oh , right , precisely the opposite happened , ever since they abolished pretty much all trade barriers and subsidies , they 've got cheaper farm products and massively increased their productivity and exports . 
   china destroys our solar panels industry by producing them far more cheaper , underneath the production cost . 
  do you have any idea of how massively expensive that is ? 
  they can be more competitive and therefore undercut us when it comes to price but to sell below cost is so damn expensive and so damn insane and it would only benefit us ( if they did do that , i 'm guessing every european house would have a solar panel and then there would be no need for us to even produce those ) . 
   when every single company that produces solar panels in europe is out of business yeah , i think you 're severely overestimating their competitive abilities . 
  not to mention that you seem to assume that companies can only close down and that there are n't always new companies being created . 
   china starts to raise the price .
