  nothing should find acceptance just because it is new , radical , and fashionable . 
  ` orthodoxy ' is not an evil if the doctrine on which the ` orthodox ' stand is sound . 
  who is anti-labor , those who want to lower labor to the russian level , or those who want for labor the capitalistic standard of the united states ? 
  who is ` nationalist , ' those who want to bring their nation under the heel of the nazis , or those who want to preserve its independence ? 
   i did it too !, 
  the bartender was n't enthusiastic , but who cares when you 're 10 ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i could still do it today , though i now always carry my wallet with me and it would n't feel right if i lied to them about not having money on me . 
   sure , because on a market with 3-4 actors/country , the price of things really reflects their marginal costs . 
  sure , because the eu controlling the prices of international calls will help in this regard , because the companies will in no way shift the costs of this to all of their consumers . 
   100 % reserves , austrian banking strong !, 
  o r/europe est\u00e1 a ficar uma bela merda , `` hey guys , i do n't think government in the economy is helpful , looking at the record of history , it 's always been the opposite '' - `` hurr durr but my rights * downvote * '' , que bela bosta , digo-te uma coisa . . 
   sorry , you are too dogmatic . 
  i have given you examples and economic reasoning , but you just brush reality aside . 
  too many societies ruined by blind ideology . 
  said the person that refused to listen to my arguments and went full ad hominem . 
   but there 's little competition for telecom companies . 
  and how exactly the eu controlling prices will help in this regard ? 
   yes , let 's support those companies that do n't exist . 
  you can always support the companies with the lower roaming fees . 
  that or you can regulate and set a maximum price for roaming , that will surely make the costs associated to it go away , in no way will all consumers have to pay more for the few that do roaming calls . 
   the prices for data roaming are absurdly high . 
  that and not only !, 
  fuck me , that loaf of bread costed the baker much less than .90 $ !, 
  i bet that in wheat , water and salt , it costed him only some .09 $ , damned fat-cats bakers are charging me these insane prices for a good so essential , government ought to pay for this or simply make it free !, 
   there is absolutely no reason , technical or otherwise , for vodafone to charge me 100 times more if i cross the border into hungary ( and using the services of vodafone hungary ) than when i 'm in romania . 
  there 's also absolutely no reason , technical or otherwise , for the baker , the butcher and the brewer to keep so much of my money , the government ought to step in and regulate everything so that things improve just like always do when it 's the selfless politicians and not the greedy businessmen who operate the market !, 
  damn , i did n't think my views were this controversial . 
   and also mentioned already railways ( take a look at the uk or us ) . 
  with railways , the problem is only the infrastructure is seems , because its almost impossible to get a free market going with railways ( initial investment is too high to make competition viable outside of extreme heavy use areas ) . 
  wholly false , i already told you that in the beginning , the railroads were privately owned and much better managed than they are today . 
  [ here , if you do n't mind , please what this bit about the railroads back then ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=eu_4vanp04i#t=536s ) . 
   if you run whatever type of company , public or private , that way , it will fail . 
  this is a problem of bad management , nothing else . 
  if a private company does that , you 're right , it will fail . 
  it the state does that , it ca n't fail , the politicians just throw more of our money at it . 
  that 's what 's been done here . 
   again , if it is not possible to get a functioning market going , there will be no competition . 
  but it is possible to get a functioning market going , let 's do it already and deregulate , everything to allow for the maximum amount of competition , it might seem effortless in this market where there are high fixed costs but it 's definitely a better alternative than making it a state-owned monopoly instead of a privately-owned one and just pretend that will solve the issue . 
   if there is no competition , you do n't get any of the good things of a free market , while losing the democratic accountability that comes with `` nationalized '' companies . 
  i do n't know about you but a privately-owned monopoly is still much more accountable than a politician - complains , threats of collective action , negative pr campaigns and possibly even lawsuits can do much harm to a supplier even if it has a dominant position in the market . . as for politicians , they only care about you once in every 4 years and it 's all done in a bundle , you have very limited choice , they 're much more unaccountable and they do n't have the same incentives to keep down costs as their salary is fixed and the taxpayers pay the bill . 
   i prefer `` government run '' , most companies should not belong to `` the nation '' but to the local entity , that is the village , town or city district . 
  yes , i also prefer when things are done at the most local level possible , the whole principle of subsidiarity must stand , that way the government action is much more accountable to the population , though the issue i 'm discussing here is not about that , on that i agree with you , the issue is the privately-owned vs state-owned ( regardless of the level of government ) , and in this matter i think i already presented my arguments as to why it 's best for the state to not intervene in the economy . 
  we should do a citizens ' petition to do away with all prices , for example , i go to the shopping centre and see all those things that i want and need but the people there wo n't let me take them unless i pay them . . 
  i mean , what the fuck , how can we allow this exploitation to continue ? 
   i 'm surprised not to see you defending that we should end public healthcare and education . 
  well i do support the voucher system for education and the state paying for the healthcare in private hospitals , that way both healthcare and education would be available to all despite the resources of the individual in a system which would then be for the most part privately owned . 
   all things that require an extremely expensive network need to be either state owned or heavily regulated to guarantee unbundled access . 
  i 'm yet to see an example of a state owned business that turned out better than that same business privately owned so i do n't know . 
   i would rather they were mandatorily state owned so there 's no regulator for the network owner to influence since the network owner would be the regulator itself . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by this . . are you suggesting a state monopoly ? 
   there are tons of examples of what happens when this is not the case ( no heavy regulation or state ownership ) . 
  the most recent one being the sorry state of internet broadband in the us . 
  what do you mean ? 
   there are limits to what the free market is good at solving efficiently , water seems to me to be dangerously close to all of them if not past them . 
  yes , i 'm fully aware that a market may work to the benefit of all parties when there 's a situation that resembles a monopoly or an oligopoly , however the point i 'm raising and that some people seem to forget is that state ownership does n't solve these problems , it just hides them with taxes , heck , you can even be paying nothing at all for the water you consume but be paying twice as much as you 'd otherwise pay in a privately owned system just in taxes that the state will then spend for you in the water company . 
   i would n't have such strong opinions about it if i were you . 
  i do n't have such strong opinions , i knew i was in for some grief when i went against the wave and said this is a bad idea :p, 
   the eu has to make sure that it stays this way . 
  so it should stay private ? 
   there are plans to privatize / commercialize the water supplies . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
   ideas of mad and greedy men . 
  as opposed to the philanthropic and selfless ideas of our politicians who look out for us with the money we give them ? 
   you seem unable to differentiate between soviet communism and social planning . 
  soviet ? 
  i did n't even mentioned the ussr !, 
  anyway , there 's no such thing as `` good socialism '' and `` bad socialism '' , all socialism is done with good intentions , they all want to provide a better life for its citizens , the problem arises when the people in charge choose for ( and sometimes even against ) the people they sent out to represent and protect . 
  in this case , it 's hardly meaningful , not at all comparable to the worst examples of communism , but the main idea is there - to do good by taking away with force , to control and regulate and legislate with the purpose of giving everybody water . 
  do n't get me wrong , the idea is good , the means to achieve it is what 's awful , if making a law saying `` everybody should have access to water '' gave everybody water , sure , we should do that and we should even go further , we should make laws saying `` everybody should be wealthy and have plenty , humans are meant to live in prosperity and happiness , not in misery and misfortune '' . . the problem is , that has never ever worked , the results of policies like that have always ended in failure and let the people in those societies worse off . 
   when you provide your populace with security and the means to achieve goals more easily you 're making a huge investment in your own country . 
  you 're more willing to buy a new car if you 're not worried about losing your life 's savings as a result of some medical emergency . 
  i know , but how is this relevant ? 
  you 're talking about car or health insurances , why ? 
   ensuring your populace is healthy and has free access to water ( it 's not just for drinking , it 's also extremely important for sanitation ) is also one way to promote this kind of safety . 
  the free market already ensures that . 
  you could not tax it or perhaps even subsidise if it was really necessary . . making it a public good achieves none of that safety you 're mentioning . 
   aside from that it would also give governments direct access to infrastructure , another very important necessity . 
  what do you mean ? 
   if you boxheads had n't started the wars europe would be in much better shape by right now . 
  there is no way stalin 's plan to invade europe in 1941 would have worked . 
  hey , blame the french for versailles or even wilhelm ii for removing bismark and not focusing on keeping peace with russia , if it was n't for ww1 and for how the bolsheviks got to power then or the harsh conditions imposed on the germans , the whole mess that was ww2 with hitler and stalin would have been avoided . 
   remember that the eu does n't want to do this , it 's only stupid armchair pubescent vigilantes that do shit like this . 
  `` fight the system , man '' mentality . 
  do n't you get it ? 
  under capitalism , man exploits man !, 
   actually everything should be for profit . 
  not everything , there 's plenty of good things that are n't done for profit . 
  what everything should be is not wasteful , and with regards to water being owned by the state , there 's not the same incentive for the politicians to run things efficiently like there is for the private sector . 
   allow me to introduce you to ludwig von mises , an austrain economist . 
  austrain ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's australain . 
   it 's sad that europe does n't listen to its geniuses . 
  the austrian school is all fine and dandy but the chicago school is what 's really nice . 
  austria ca n't into monetary policy . 
  everybody already has water . 
  heck , when i was a kid i could go into any bar and ask for a glass of water and nobody ever refused me even though i also told them i had no money on me . 
  i think it was ( and perhaps still is , though i 'm not exactly sure it ever was ) against the law to deny people water like that . 
   we 've tried the whole laissez-faire thing and it does n't work out so well . 
  what ? 
  how ?
