  linguistic similarities have made those two countries the favored destination of romanians . 
  according to the federal office for migration and refugees , there are 209,000 romanians and 121,000 bulgarians currently living in germany . 
  how is this bad ? 
   how many of those are roma is not documented . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;  the migration will continue for as long as there is a lack of jobs and career opportunities in the two countries . 
  but the governments in bucharest and sofia are warning against scaremongering . 
  the debate in britain in particular has been met with incomprehension . 
  `` most ( bulgarians ) who sought jobs in britain have already done so , '' bulgarian ambassador to london konstantin dimitrov told the evening standard last week , discounting fears that a flood of his countrymen would show up in the united kingdom in 2014 . 
  he added that `` some politicians have been guilty of unenlightened propaganda . '', 
  hey , i think i 'd say the opposite , i 'd say `` the weather in britain sucks and they 'll look at you differently , please stay here because it 's your taxes that pay my salary '' . 
   the conflict is reminiscent of the immigration debate which erupted in germany when the eu was expanded eastwards in 2004 . 
  the clich\u00e9 of the `` polish plumber '' who would drive german tradesmen into bankruptcy ultimately became a symbol for virulent xenophobia . 
  warsaw was able to successfully co-opt the fear in a humorous advertising campaign using a muscle-bound plumber to encourage foreign firms to invest in the country . 
  not only the polish but also the french and the danes and the bavarians and the berliners and the people across the street , they 're all competing with me and may drive me , the honest german small business owner , into bankruptcy !, 
  please protectionism !, 
   in germany , the current discussion centers around who should be liable for the costs of integrating the newcomers . 
  romanian and bulgarian immigrants are not , on average , unemployed more often than other eastern europeans . 
  i wonder why these people are so upset ? 
   but roma present schools , municipalities and charitable organizations with unique challenges . 
  local governments are complaining that they are now being made to bear the costs of eu expansion , concerns that the federal government in berlin have thus far ignored . 
  instead , interior minister hans-peter friedrich has demanded that the eu make money available for the integration of roma into their native countries . 
  the problem of the roma is wholly irrelevant in this , we 're talking about law-abiding people looking for employment , are we not ? 
  firefighters being used to evict people ? 
  that 's fucked up . 
   is this true ? 
  i did n't even hear . 
  that 's pretty awful . 
  that 's the thing with africa , we only care when we think it can affect us . 
  there 's nothing on guin\u00e9-bissau ? 
  not even a mention that there was a coup recently , the fragile democracy overthrown and now they 're being ruled over by drug cartels ? 
   the whole of europe will get into recession and unemployment is going to skyrocket . 
  that tends to happen when you increase government weight in the economy or have to pay for the debts of other countries . 
   basically ecb is just helping the banks . 
  well , it is a central bank , it must work through the commercial banks . 
   why they need political pressure through , more or less controlling dprk ? 
  look at map , do you see that quite big island east from china ? 
  yep , taiwan , or rather roc . 
  as long as roc is independent , prc wo n't allow for unification of korea . 
  they treat dprk as a wild card in this game . 
  i do n't understand how dprk is relevant with regards to the issue in taiwan . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had horse meat but why not ? 
  i bet it tastes like picanha , it should be tasty !, 
   raise it compassionately not too compassionately or else you might feel guilty when it 's on your plate with some potatoes . 
   kill it humanely you mean lethal injection ? 
  that might ruin the meat . 
  why not kill them horsely or piggly ? 
   well , duh , nobody wants to pay someone else 's debts unless they have to , but portugal 's success is an integral part of europe 's success . 
  hence austerity , portugal must succeed without being such a burden to the rest of europe . 
   the company is called brussels airport . 
  iata also knows it as brussels airport . 
  however , apart from the proximity and the company name the airport is not related to brussels in any meaningful way . 
  did you know that portugal . 
  the man is not in any way related to the country of portugal ? 
   to paraphrase , hitler did nothing wrong \u2122 . 
  i 've seen [ a video of that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajh-11haox8 ) , it was quite funny :p, 
   you 'll all be speaking turkish and arabic and writing in chicken scratch ( \u0623\u0646\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0648\u064a\u062f\u064a\u0629 . 
  soon enough . 
  the turks use the latin alphabet . 
   some people definitely took advantage of the situation to massively increase prices . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , it 's a free market . 
   not that it will be very good for us , since latvia seems to think we are in the same situation they were in so it will be another supporter for the stupid policies we are following right now . 
  the rest of europe does n't want to pay our debts ; _ ;, 
   in germany you 'd be liable to prosecution for this , you piece of shit . 
  this is how we roll . 
  what did he say ? 
   the eu is n't a country . 
  yet . 
   damn , that 's a lot of downvotes you got there for a rather harmless comment . 
  i love internet explorer . 
  there , now i 'll deserve the downvotes . 
   he should bring sacks of cash then ? 
  that would help . 
  it 's one thing to say you 're worried about those who are worst off , it 's another to actually help in solving the problem . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
   right , cost accounting was invented during the industrial revolution , probably independently in different parts of the world . 
  thank fuck i did n't go into accounting then , the few things i do have to know are bad enough as it is !, 
   exactly , he invented the double-entry bookkeeping system , including the debit and credit , the journal , the ledger , the t accounts , and the trial balance . 
  pacioli was a mathematician and he devised this self-checking system to allow merchants to keep track of their financial transactions minimizing the risk of errors and without using negative numbers , which i think would have been too difficult for an ordinary merchant at the time . 
  the t-account is said to resemble a cross , because pacioli was a friar , but i find it hard to believe . 
  hey , so that 's how you say those terms in english !, 
  yeah , i know that , i just never dealt with it outside of my language  too bad pacioli did n't have excel !, 
  xd how about costs accounting ? 
  if he was a merchant , i 'm sure he had nothing to do with it , right ? 
   well the problem is that there is n't a social organization resembeling a anarcho-syndicalist organization in somalia . 
  it 's society ( ies ) are organized by muslim militias , government supporters , and a few others . 
  it is n't anarchist because it lacks all the proprietys that identifies a anarchist organizational plattform . 
  i thought it was anarchist because there was no government . 
  if anarchy is the lack of an organisational platform , then i guess there will never be anarchy , as humans organise themselves , even if not through actual organisations , they organise themselves even within their families . 
   if you are a communist and thinks that the way to abolish the state is to strengthen it , it sounds quite paradoxal to me . 
  i 'm certainly not a communist but i assumed that in the process of achieving the stateless and classless society , that first there would have to be a state to remove the barriers for that already present in our society . 
  i mean , that 's what 's in the communist manifesto , right ? 
  a communist state to abolish the old order is required to pave way , right ? 
   atleast from the experience of libertarian socialist is to as i said in my first post . 
  libertarian socialist makes just as much sense as a capitalist communist or a cat dog . 
  libertarian refers to liberty for the individual , freedom from coercion , voluntary association and voluntary exchange , a society where the government as a limited role , only acting in those areas that ca n't be provided by anybody else like public safety or a justice system . 
  socialism , on the other hand , means common ownership of the means of production and government rule over what should be done , some people planning what others should do , it 's in direct conflict with libertarianism , it requires coercion as for you to redistribute you must first take something away from somebody else , it does n't respect private property and it focuses on society as a whole and not on each individual separately . 
   it 's basically the first step to push economical and desicion making power from the state and capital towards the population . 
  shifting the power from the state and the capital towards the population ? 
  what is the state if not the people the population elected ? 
  what is the capital if not the resources each and every individual in the population already has ?
