   if you just do nothing in a situation like this , you are implicitly allowing inequality to breed . 
  it 's still a fairer system than real life where , for example , some people are born with great eyesight , others needing glasses and other blind . 
  the solution , however , is n't to bring everybody down to the same playing field , it 's not by making the rich poor or those who see well blind that society will be better off . 
   let 's see a study confirming that correlation first . 
  you can compare the [ minimum wages ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/1/15/mw_map_eur_january_2013.png ) ( as a percentage when compared to the average wage ) and [ youth unemployment ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/8/8b/youth_unemployment%2c_2012q4_%28%25%29.png ) . 
  alternatively , you may watch [ this short video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ds0xxfdyfi ) by walter williams . 
   you are correct that someone pointing out that sticky wages cause a problem is not the same as blaming workers . 
  i do n't think i agree with your theory about the origins of the crisis , but it 's up to debate . 
  you do n't agree with anything that mainstream economists say , you prefer your dogma of marxism , so do n't say it 's up to debate , that 's like a fundamental christian saying the theory of evolution is up for debate because it does n't match his world view . 
   it 's the conclusion of the book , you ca n't just make fun of it in vacuum . 
  also , it 's true : the rich are exploiting the poor . 
  do you know what 's the difference between capitalism and socialism ? 
  under capitalism , man exploits man . 
  under socialism , it 's the other way around . 
   i would want it . 
  communism has never worked and yet people still attempt it . 
  that is the definition of insanity - to constantly do the same thing and expect a different result . 
   striving to improve things is human nature . 
  i do n't see why past failed experiments should stop people from trying again . 
  then at least try something which has proven to work - capitalism . 
  you ca n't deny it has massively improved the life quality of the people living under it . 
   scientists never stop trying to achieve things even after failing hundreds of times ; i do n't see why societies should . 
  when a scientific experiment goes wrong , you can just try again . 
  when you try to make a socialist society where everybody just willingly shares everything with everybody and people are supposed to work not for them but for they fellow men which they do n't know and who is n't interested in helping them back , it always fails because that 's not human nature and you always end up with a dysfunctional system where people are constantly poorer and where tyrants and demagogues are more likely to come to power taking advantage of the already bad conditions of the people . 
   ps : i will watch that first episode of the friedman tv show and provide some commentary on it . 
  then please also watch the second episode where he instead of arguing for a free market , he argues against centralised planning and socialism . 
  i 'm sure it will give you some perspective . 
  and let it sink in , there 's no need to come back running and comment on it , what he argues for is the exact opposite of your world view , i personally took quite some time to change from a christian to an atheist and from a social democrat to a classical liberal . 
   we do n't vote for the monarch though . 
  we used to be a monarchy , same as you . 
  we now get to vote for our representatives and , well , they 're still shitty . 
   i do this more to challenge my own beliefs than yours . 
  how did you ever got to be so socialist , i still do n't know , you have the example of eastern europe so close and yet it seems you want to go down the path they went through . 
   you ca n't expect everyone to have a trade surplus , or everyone to be a center of trade and manufacturing . 
  that 's mathematically impossible . 
  right , but you still should n't restrict that possibility and limit the economy with arbitrary restrictions . 
   the current situation disproves that idea . 
  in the current situation , you 've had tax hikes as opposed to tax cuts . 
  so all the bad effects were amplified and all the good effects nullified . 
   if they were n't fetishizing on `` no inflation '' that would be less of a problem . 
  what do you mean ? 
  is them not wanting inflation a bad thing ? 
   according to the free marketeers , europe should be advantaged by that . 
  according to empirical evidence , the lower the trade barriers , the better the society is . 
   we see what happens . 
  do you also see what happens in brazil ? 
   i wish we could have a president like that i guess that 's what votes are for . 
  moral crisis ? 
  lololololol '' [ back in my day , everybody was nicer ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ytqihho.gif ) ! '', 
   well , mine is going to be probably a lot bigger so we 're even . 
  a lot bigger ? 
  if so , i might read it but i 'll still reply with [ this gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3w4ueea.gif ) just to mess with you xd, 
   you ca n't deny that communism had - and still has - a lot of intellectual supporters . 
  and there are still neonazis around , and ultra-conservative religious groups , and plenty many other fanatic organisations which gather some support in some segments of society . 
  that does n't mean they 're right , though . 
   they 're mainly sacrificing jobs and cutting wages on the altar of competitiveness on the public sector , which is the one which does n't export shit . 
  the private sector , on the other hand , will benefit from lower public expenditures and lower taxation , wages will tend to go up and not down . 
   with the ultimate goal of criking up exports and the rest of the world devalues ( or tries to devalue ) its currency while the germans let it appreciate . 
  and the rest of the world sometimes imposes great trade barriers while the eu has them comparatively lower . 
   that still means that your recipe by definition ca n't work for everyone . 
  what do you mean ? 
   it 's not the unfallible universal recipe for prosperity it 's promoted as . 
  it is n't , but it 's a very large step in the right direction . 
  it is n't meant to be funny , it 's meant to be the truth :p  ps : i owe you a reply on that other thread . 
  i have n't forgotten about it !, 
  bah , do n't bother , mine was a massive reply and that gets dull :p, 
   indeed , austerity is essentially a form of mercantilism : trying to export more than you import . 
  err . . no . 
  austerity means cutting public spending . 
  with regards to the trade balance , it might even favour a decrease in imports as if you lower taxes , the population will have more income to spend and will be able to import more . 
   stupidity is a double-edged sword . 
  it is fascism 's best weapon and at the same time its greatest enemy . 
  same thing for communism , 
   hong kong and singapore function as trade hubs . 
  and as manufacturing centres , and service providers , and everything else as well . 
  it 's similar with new zealand . 
   not everyone can earn their living as a center of trade . 
  and nobody who wants to experience economic growth should close that opportunity and try to live isolated and to be self-sufficient . 
   we all have to become extremely poor so that we can have a good economy . 
  people do n't matter , only the economy matters . 
  the economy = the living standards of the people . 
   except for when unemployment goes through the roof and the government imposes austerity measures . 
  yup , just like it has happened in countries like hong kong , singapure and new zealand which most favour free trade . 
  these countries sure are awful when compared to protectionist countries such as brazil , argentina and north korea , these countries do favour employment and growth by restricting foreign imports . 
  you 're a moron if you think an autarky is best . 
  why give them up when you can blow them up ? 
  i say it 's about time we deal with the bhutanese menace . 
   you are quoting a particular school of economics as the correct one . 
  dude , it 's mainstream economics , read something about monetary policy and it will tell you that , it 's quite simple macroeconomics . 
  in the page i sent you it even says that `` mainstream economists agree that the quantity theory holds true in the long run '' . 
   instead , would you mind going through this article for me and telling me what you think is wrong with it ? 
  ok .  neoclassical economists assume that society is made up of independent , self-interested , and ~ ~ all-knowing ~ ~ human beings , who come together in marketplaces over which they exert ~ ~ no ~ ~ control , and ~ ~ all at once ~ ~ arrive at agreements in such a way that every market clears . 
  that is , a price is established at which the supply of ~ ~ every single ~ ~ commodity ~ ~ equals ~ ~ the demand for it . 
  furthermore , the general equilibrium achieved is one of maximum social efficiency . 
  it is what economists call `` pareto efficient , '' after the italian economist vilfredo pareto ; it describes an equilibrium such that no change away from it can make at least one person better off without making anyone else worse off . 
  there , i corrected it a bit , the perfect competition model is just a model , just because it actually does n't exist in real life , you ca n't just say `` these are abstract models , there 's imperfect competition so in real life it 's actually the opposite '' . 
   since the notion of social efficiency has been defined prior to its building , and the equilibrium set of prices satisfies this definition , it follows that any deviation from equilibrium will be inefficient . 
  economists use this model to argue the undesirable consequences of minimum wage laws , labor unions , price controls , rent controls , income taxes , environmental regulations -- indeed just about anything a government does ** ( with regards to the economy ) ** . 
  well , all those things you mentioned have real negative impacts . 
  i would n't argue against taxes as those are needed to keep public services working and against environmental regulations as that prevents externalisation of costs but all the others do harm the economy and countries with the least of that are countries where the people live better off .
