  it is n't a black and white issue - no nhs will get some people off of healthcare but a massive nhs will drag everything else down with its costs and will also prove extremely inefficient . 
  the us certainly is n't an example but leaving things as is and continue to run unsustainable deficits also is n't a choice . 
  fucking hell , do n't they ever rest or calm down ? 
  ca n't they take a time out and stop being immensely butthurt over everything for just a second ? 
  turkey get out . 
  the city is called constantinople . 
   i crossposted it to / r/italy but from the amount of downvotes it got i get the impression they do n't enjoy laughing about themself :-) perhaps they downvoted it because it 's extremely old , it 's about the same age as `` what what in the butt '' , in internet terms , that 's very old !, 
   a picture of a guy from bar\u00e7a puking . 
   `` trolls like uat2d ''  `` nsfl picture '' xd, 
  2/10 , try harder, 
   those who do n't agree are nazis and racists . 
   in 30 years it will all be part of the eu and people will just shake their heads when remembering how stupid their parents and grandparents were . 
  i doubt it . 
  the balkans will take longer than that to stabilize . 
  besides , since the fall of yugoslavia there 's plenty of revanchism and irredentism in serbia and there 's also bosnia , albania and kosovo which have a muslim majority and that will make their access into the eu much more difficult . 
   strong through competition !, 
  agreed , let 's work together so we can much better compete with the rest of the world . 
  love live europa !, 
   spare us , britain !, 
  ftfy . 
  please do n't . 
   we need a better language for the internet than english !, 
    something like esperanto why the heck would you do that ? 
  you 'd create a new language when there are others which are also fine on their own and that already have millions of speakers ? 
   who the fuck talked about getting more debt the ones criticizing austerity . 
   cuting cutting, 
  gosh , are you retarded . 
  how can you whine about austerity and then state we have an insane debt ? 
  you want even more debt , is that it ? 
  we owe more than 100 % of our gdp and you want to cut austerity and increase public spending ? 
  if you ask me , [ this is n't the time to get any more debts ] ( http://i.imgur.com/39rpa.png ) . 
  yes , austerity kills and excessive government spending gives birth . 
  yes , doc phil , you got me there , i 've never left my village , i never made erasmus and i never talked on the web with other europeans . 
  and yeah , brussels is awful , fortunately there 's the house of lords , they 're always there doing their best for the common man . 
  at first i was sorry for the lady , she looked like a demented old person who was unaccompanied . 
  but this ? 
  claiming copyright , really ? 
  what a cunt . 
  decentralisation best in terms of local , regional and national affairs ? 
  of course , that 's the most efficient and democratic way of solving problems . 
  decentralisation best in terms of european affairs ? 
  that 's what we have right now and it 's not working . 
  we 're trying to tackle a financial crisis with 27 different solutions and that 's not efficient at all . 
  and like this problem , there are much more examples were things are best solved at european level and that 's all we 're asking for - a faster and swifter resolution of these problems that affect us all as europeans and that ca n't be solved efficiently on the national level . 
  is n't it reasonable ? 
   the member-states voting ` yes ' -  `` you are obviously not listening ''   elections required for further integration -  `` you and your project are totally anti-democratic '' yeah , right , me and my buddies are here to keep a brotha down . 
  how stupid of us for trying to work together in times of crisis , would n't it be so much better if we were all separated as it 's much easier then to solve these issues ? 
  you 're absolutely right , who can stand this dictatorship with all these elections ? 
  sorry for asking for your measures and for getting your kind to stop trying to improve things , it 's obviously our fault for not listening for your doomsday prophecies that will certainly become real if we europeans work together to solve this financial crisis . 
   illuminate me on these `` times of division '' . 
  what an empty phrase . 
  yeah , `` what an empty phrase '' , things were so much better without a single market , with the travel restrictions , with the strife between countries and with everyone constantly trying to take advantage over others . 
   stop conflating your crappy federation proposals - which hardly anyone supports when you spell it out , uk says they do n't want them , recent german poll shows they do n't even want the current eu - with europe . 
  if the uk does n't want them , vote ` no ' on the eventual eu referendum and gtfo , we also ca n't stand whiners . 
  good luck on your own . 
  as for germany , yeah , i 'm not so sure about that , if you pull data out of your own ass or out of euroskeptic institutions asses , yes , obviously then everyone agrees that the eu is the worst thing ever - too bad that they always vote for eu-friendly parties . 
   you do n't speak for me . 
  i certainly do n't nor do i want to . 
  but it goes both ways , when you say federalists are a minority , yeah , in your household it might be a case but the eu is bigger than that . 
  if you do n't like it , tough luck , vote ` no ' and/or gtfo . 
  i 'm serious , if the eu is that bad , try your luck elsewhere on the world , i 'm sure you 'll enjoy it . 
  i was reading the description they gave of the town and even i was being swayed !, 
  i wrote that comment jokingly , obviously that i 'd learn german if i ever looked for a job in germany . 
  and if you do n't want me there , no worries , though why i still might look up for offers on your country , i 'd rather look for a job in another portuguese , spanish , english , french or italian speaking country before so that the language was n't hardly an issue . 
   a federal europe will likely lessen local democratic power , and people will not feel comfortable with that . 
  this certainly is n't my idea of a federal europe . 
  what i think about a federal europe is a banking union , less restrictions to the free market and a single unified voice in foreign affairs , never a centralized government ruling for everyone , local and regional affairs would still obviously be dealt with by the local and regional entities . 
  heck , that does n't even happen in the usa or in brazil , why should it ever happen here when there 's the language barriers and all the other differences you mentioned that they do n't have on the other side of the ocean ? 
   younger people are starting to make an effort to reach out to the turkish communities to integrate themselves with their neighbours . 
  marlene schliepach , 26 , is studying to become a kindergarten teacher and started learning turkish two years ago in an effort to be able to talk to the children she will be caring for . 
  sweet , if i ever go to germany looking for a job , i can count on the germans learning portuguese rather than me learning german . 
  txampion , is that you ? 
  what about your main account ? 
  though the faces of the guys below were distracting and unnecessary and barroso 's claim that albeit freedom of speech is inviolable , intellectual rights need to be respected was somewhat concerning , i 'd say the video was fine . 
  the eu commission is clearly trying to reach out and slowly make the idea of a federal europe less of a possibility and more of a reality . 
  so far it seems their strategy is working , but we 'll have to see how this whole thing works out . 
   same goes for your homophobic and authocratic statements that completely disrespect your friends and the electoral process you chose to participate in . 
  this is what 's sad , unfounded hate . 
  if you think it could be improved , then present those measures . 
  if you only want to bitch about the current state of affairs ( `` hurr durr , they 're amazingly stupid '' ) , then inform yourself and avoid being a proud ignorant . 
   we 're only anti-eu not anti-europe . 
  does not compute . 
  if you were pro-europe , you 'd try to improve the union , not go back to the times of division . 
  i just googled them , what a bunch of gorillas . 
  xd anti-democr\u00e1tico ? 
  xd fascista ? 
   islamic rights in france seem to be being taken away the irony here is that islamics what to take away everybody else 's rights . 
  that 's might be doable . 
  tell them they can do it and then have the whole place locked down tight and the police ready to move in if anyone tries to do anything even slightly against public order . 
  militant vegetarians ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  they shout `` animals are people too '' and then kill people ? 
  you sickh fuck . 
   you 're probably uncaring and selfish , as a lot of people wo n't know and you might want to tell them you got me there , doc phil . 
   so far only you have made the effort to voice slight discomfort . 
  and you seemed french , fair game as such , so there . 
  `` you seemed french ? '', 
  ahaha , you 're hilarious , everyone who does n't enjoy those `` jokes '' is clearly a french , ahah  and i might assume you 're at most 18 , because you have this know-it-all attitude , but well , to each his own . 
  all this bitching because i did n't laugh at your `` french people always surrender '' attempted-jokes ? 
  are n't you the sensitive type , eh ?
