  last time i checked , the people in government and the people running businesses where not reptilians , they were people that got elected or that started their own business or rose through the ranks of their companies , saying we need to take those back makes just as much sense and me breaking into my own house . 
   when the unions have amassed enough people it can start to take the funktions that the state and free market had previously . 
  yeah , call me a counter-revolutionary but that 's not going to happen . 
  fine , feel free to take away power from the state , they really should n't be interfering with the market anyway , they most they should do is force people to internalise their externalities and they 've gone way past that . 
  but to take away power from the free market ? 
  that 's quite hilarious , if you do n't want to deal with it , do n't , it does n't force you , cultivate your own food and live off the land , tell the butcher and the baker to go fuck themselves , you do n't need to deal with them , after all , it 's a free market , you only take a part in it if you voluntarily agree to it . 
   the system pacioli invented is still used for recording financial transactions today , hence the hate . 
  what did he invent , the debits and credits in t ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking xd, 
   i mean , today in spain , they 're protesting because ibera is laying off 3k people they should lay off even more people then . 
  [ this is how you should handle the unions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/professional_air_traffic_controllers_organization_%281968%29 ) . 
   no , it wo n't ` work ' . 
  no , it will work . 
  it wo n't work for good , it will work like the rest of the taxes , but it will work . 
   i have to say that i do n't think this is valid for the new generations . 
  they are , like many start-ups nowadays , born global . 
  hence they present different characteristics . 
  hey , it 's not like we can escape the every day reality and the constant whining . 
  did you see anthony bourdain 's show in lisbon ? 
  holy fucking shit , i nearly hanged myself from how depressing the whole thing was , brazil has it much worse than we do and yet they know how to have a good time !, 
  i really do n't understand , all the older people tell us is how we 're so spoiled , how they lived in misery and the future was so grim and there was n't food available for all , and now that that 's all gone , people still act fucking depressed all the time , i bet malnourished kids in africa often have more fun than a lot of us do . 
   while nobody denies that there was a lot of bad in salazar 's regime , a lot of people accept that at least the country as a whole worked better . 
  the country worked better under salazar ? 
  same shit , different smell . 
  the only difference back then was that you were n't allowed to express your distaste for the shit they did . 
   i think the newer generations of portuguese people are conflicted in their inability to truly get away from the characteristics you mentioned about the older generations . 
  oh , the newer generations do can get away from this , in fact , they 're physically leaving portugal by the thousands because of the shit the older generation left them to take care of . 
   apart from generations of accounting students worldwide who have deeply hated this 15th century italian friar !, 
  i thought accountants had to learn how to record the financial movements in a company and not accounting history and that kind of crap . 
  i 'm both a portuguese and eu citizen , yet i do n't hold dual citizenship . 
  portugal : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hla3avlz5xo, 
  are you serbian ? 
   what the fuck did we do to you ? 
  you know what you did . 
  signed , * netherlands *, 
  there 's no state in somalia yet that whole place is a shithole . 
  sure , you could say that they still have some sort of capitalism , but how are you meant to abolish it without the state ? 
   i have one idea , mainly for the more anglo-saxon and anglo-irish of us   * *** learn more foreign languages and encourage others to *** hey everybody , the english are trying to learn our languages !, 
  whenever they try to communicate with us in our language , let us all immediately start speaking in english , that will surely help them !, 
  what kind of book would that even be ? 
  [ this is how i picture you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1xxoqrm.jpg ) . 
   but nice one there , turning a nice message into insults out of the blue . 
  good job . 
  damn , you always feel insulted with the slightest thing , i ca n't even say you 're a sissy that you have to report me to the mods for discriminatory homophobic language . 
  you know what ? 
  if your feelings are hurt , that 's good , it means you have feelings . 
  now please stop being so sensitive about everything !, 
   nah everyone 's different from the portuguese troll armada . 
  just because you 're the over-sensitive kampf die kapital type and i 'm not , that does n't mean we 're that different . 
  i mean , i fit your description , i 'm nerdish , i 'm white , i play and used to play a lot of video games , i 'm not into heavy metal but i fucking love house music which older people also find quite distasteful and i could have gone into a career of it . 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wlac6py.png ) , i think my reddit history indirectly tells how i 'm am . 
  i 'm sure we 're not that different , despite me also wanting not to be associated with you . 
  doing things requires work , i rather stay home and post on the internet !, 
   * organize in unions   * resist exploitation   * push for emancipation   * ??? 
   like nerdy white male , especially on here . 
  i 'm willing to bet that there are a lot more rpg ` ers ( even larp ` ers ? 
  ) , video gamers , heavy metal fans , it people , and other general geeks on reddit compared with the general population . 
   we 're so similar and yet so different . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd7yyquwp_o ), 
   portuguese , of course . 
   lest you are caught off guard by the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
   its sad if there are people that still think like this . 
  we are in the 21st century for gods sake . 
  i doubt there will be any war between greece and turkey i 'm pretty sure he was joking , he did n't even say turkey , he said ottoman empire :p, 
   and most religious people i know are , like you , right wing nuts . 
  and most religious people i know are , like you , dogmatic in their beliefs . 
  so maybe reconsider your socialism . 
   `` do n't do to others what you would n't want people to love to you '' sorry , i meant `` do n't do to others what you would want people to do to you '' . 
  we need a new borgia pope !, 
  those were the days !, 
   me too . 
  oh boy that would be simply awesome . 
  they would divide into two groups : enraged racists and racists that somehow manage to pretend they do n't mind it . 
  the religious people i know are actually from the least discriminatory people i 've ever met - whereas some people may make distasteful remarks about people from other ethnicities specially when these raise problems , the religious people never do that and always prove the most helpful to them . 
  heck , i used to go to church a lot when i was a kid and even though i 'm no longer religious , i still know these people , i admire them for their kindness , they constantly try to guide themselves with principles such as `` jesus is the father of all of us and he loves all his children the same '' , `` do n't do to others what you would n't want people to love to you '' and `` we are nobody to judge , life is its own trial and in the end there will be justice '' . 
  why do you have to be such an asshole and assume that every religious person is a racist prick ? 
   the 117 pedophile rapists who will choose the next pope *   and by pope they want a man who will be in charge of covering up pedophile cases around the world . 
  there is a reason the current pedo rapist pope was chosen . 
  he was in charge of the vatican secret police who were the head of covering up the cases . 
    as long as the new pope knows his role in covering up his fellow rapists crimes then he will get chosen . 
  yeah 86mitso , it 's all one big conspiracy orchestrated by the vatican with the help of the fyromians , frau merkel , the imf and the turk !, 
   easy answer : just raise customs for said companies in every country which signs this agreement . 
  why should the consumers have to pay for this ? 
   also because reddit 's retarded admins would probably ban me for doxxing myself . 
  nah , you 're free to spread your own personal info , just not that of others :p btw , what do you think of [ this music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejn2y1-ufgw ) ? 
  your desktop is hilarious . 
  i wonder why you did n't blur out your user image like you blurred your name . 
   and no you are not , romania could have afforded to raise the minimum wage more when we had sustained 7 ~ 8 % economic growth , but all we saw were minuscule increases . 
  i wonder why you would want to raise the minimum wage if you had that strong economic growth knowing that the minimum wage does n't help in achieving that objective of sustained economic growth . 
   it 's not discriminating against anyone , having a higher minimum wage is just another form of social justice to an extent . 
  unfortunately the minimum wage does n't achieve its goal of increasing the pay of the average worker . 
  do n't get me wrong , i fully support the objective behind the minimum wage of increasing the pay of those who are the least qualified and are therefore paid less . 
  however that 's the wrong way to achieve that , if you do want to increase the average wage in your country you have to increase the bargaining power of the worker and you do that by both reducing unemployment and by giving the workforce opportunities to increase their qualifications . 
   there are several views on inflation , but in keynesian economics there is demand-pull inflation which happens when demand for products increases ( which in the end happens in time if people 's wages increase ) , there 's also the built-in inflation . 
  firstly , the minimum wage does not increase wages and secondly , you may call me a monetarist but inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon . 
   how would romania control wages ? 
  from my knowledge , unions have more control over wages , via negotiating with employers than the country , the only thing the government would control is the minimum wage and government worker wages . 
  there 's absolutely no problem with workers together with unions ( or even with lawyers , for that matter ) reaching an agreement with their employers over their payment , the only problem arises is when a third party decides what minimum wage should apply to an individual regardless of its opinion on the matter . 
  when that happens , most are unaffected but you do end up with some people having a much more difficult time being employed . 
   the minimum wages is what the name states , the lowest common denominator , it 's function is to raise the standard of living of the poorest employed .
