  commitment , on the other hand , is a rational compromise to try to achieve certain goals . 
  though this is little more than semantics , not something we should pay such a close attention , specially when the article itself is n't even on an english website . 
   facebook bends to europe 's will , disables facial recognition ( for now )  by jon brodkin - sept 21 2012 , 9:03 pm odd that [ only now facebook went down ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qxtsc.png ) . . edit : never mind , it 's back up online . 
   are you moderator or what ? 
  i 'm am ` what to do ' aka ` uat2d ' . 
  it 's the queen !, 
  * by m. night shamalalalalia *, 
   fuck all religion . 
  * fateswarm in ` the brave atheist ' * . 
   i am literally starving to death !, 
  if you 're literally starving to death and are posting on reddit , you might want to reconsider your priorities . 
  then present unbiased and factual information on the issue and deconstruct the fabrications and myths the tabloids have been creating over the years . 
  in any circumstance , you ca n't not run a referendum and ignore popular opinion , that would be anti-democratic . 
  when i ride them , they 're mostly full . 
  but then again , my daily commute is in rush hour . 
  yeah , i was just messing with you . 
  dude , nsfw !!, 
   today , pirates are redditor neckbeard atheist obama-loving losers . 
  this . 
   as a frenchman who has lived in difficult neighborhoods so , as a frenchman who lived in france ? 
  i learnt about jews in ww1 and the great depression . 
  lol , j/k, 
   why are homosexual weddings composed of only a couple ? 
  i demand that homosexuals weddings have no less than 19 members marrying eachother . 
  having only 2 is a proof that the church is still telling us how to live . 
  i do n't drive , but i move around in cars like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oxboz.jpg ) . 
  [ all that capacity ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzg2kt3n9ca ) . 
  ` loyalty ' ? 
  i think the proper term should be ` commitment ' . 
   the reasoning is that the national states will take over the spending if the cap is abolished . 
  that 's not a valid argument . 
  imagine you 're a father , that 's like saying because one of your three kids smokes a pack a day , all of your kids should smoke two cigarette per day . 
   the farmers have significant voting power in many countries ( ex france where farmers blocked all major roads to paris ) so they will not be left to bankruptcy . 
  yes , the unions have a lot of power . 
  that does n't mean we should support their measures on a eu scale just so that they do n't revolt on a national level . 
   instead we will see individual levels of spending from the various national govt 's , which is a situation the eu is best to avoid . 
  the eu still does n't get to decide on the national spending of its member-states neither how much of it should be in agriculture . 
   this can lead to a trade war where the most subsidised goods are the cheapest on the market . 
  trade wars are impossible in a single market . 
  as for the subsidised goods , if france wants them , let them , their loss as they will be the ones who 'll spend massive amounts of money on their farmers and it will be all of the eu which will be able to buy their products , so the prices will remain low for all the eu consumers at the expense of only the french taxpayers . 
  not optimal if you 're talking about the eu but definitely a better alternative than an common agricultural policy . 
   which then encourages the other countries to spend more . 
  nope , other countries will probably just stop bothering and spend their resources elsewhere while taking advantage of the french subsidised goods . 
  the eu consumer would benefit at the expense of the french taxpayer , if that 's what france wants , they should be free to do so . 
  again , this is a much better alternative than cap where everyone has to pay for the inefficiency of the farmers . 
   since he became president during a depression and the us fighting 2,5 wars , his minimum responsibility would be to fix those things , and i 'm not sure if he did . 
  obama ca n't be blamed for an negative output gap just like he could n't take credit for a positive one , the most one can do is to try to minimize these cycles but it 's impossible to eliminate them without also destroying the economy . 
  regardless , structural changes in an economy take their time and it 's certainly not the role of obama ( or any government ) to decide on how the economy should be run . 
  as for the wars , they should n't even have started them in the first place . 
   i 'd put lp farther to the right than gop , but it sums it up pretty good [ libertarian party ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/libertarian_party_%28united_states%29 ) ? 
  as if they 'd ever have a chance of winning an election !, 
   everyone 's pissed about how london 's banking culture screwed up and behaved immorally who is talking about morals ? 
  wait , is this one of those `` greedy evil banks are immoral '' arguments ? 
  what 's the point of voting in american elections when both parties favour grosso modo the same interests and their first past the post method makes sure there 's no viable alternatives ? 
  it 's actually quite sad that they seem to be so proud of their democracy when most of them do n't vote for the guy they like but rather against the guy they hate the most . 
  and with regards to obama vs romney , they mostly ever only disagree with the means and not with the ends . 
   i ca n't remember anything memorable he did in the past 4 years . 
  he did n't fuck everything up like bush . 
   he 's portuguese ( if i remember corectly ) , but with a chinese flair you 're right . 
  too bad he 's still did n't move to china , if you ask me . 
  [ american politics in a nutshell . 
   i highly doubt you will get a balanced opinion here . 
  uk redditors on average are anti-cameron , much more than the general public is . 
  do n't worry about it , reddit is in and of itself extremely biased and we are n't exactly a broad demographic . 
    i personally like cameron . 
  he occupies the more moderate ground of the conservatives . 
  frankly i think the coalition has saved us from financial ruin by imposing austerity and keeping the interest on our insanely big government debts low . 
  yeah , that 's the opinion i have of him , it 's why i was asking why he gets so much grief . 
  sure , i might personally disagree with his view on the uk-eu relationship or on his social conservatism , but i get where he 's coming from , i understand he 's much more moderate than his party and that he would n't be where he is today if he was much more pro-eu and culturally liberal . 
  if i was british , i 'd still probably vote for him for his economic policies ( or for the lib dems for their support of liberalism but since they 're both on coalition , it would n't matter much ) , as despite his and mostly his party 's many flaws , at least they 're not irresponsible and demagogues like labour who so eagerly try to impose wealth redistribution measures that have been bringing several economies ( including portugal 's ) down to their knees . 
  in fact , i kind of wish we had a pm which was as successful as david cameron seems to be in promoting fiscal conservatism , economic liberalism and a market economy . 
  i 'm sure if we had someone who followed these kind of policies instead of the socialist policies our jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates implemented , we 'd be in a much much better situation nowadays and would n't require to go through so many sacrifices in such a short period of time like we are going through because if that was the case , we would n't have never have accumulated such a massive public debt in the first place . 
   thats why we have representative democracy i guess . 
  because we 're too stupid to decide for ourselves and our representatives are an enlightened bunch ? 
  cap is still massively overfunded . 
  just saying . 
   democracy indexes sounds like science !, 
   i 'm all for a referendum as long as the pro-eu side is heard . 
  how can there be a referendum and only one side exposing their views ? 
  do n't you have like free airtime for all parties to expose their views and stuff like that whenever there 's a referendum or an election ? 
   reality check : there is no other reason to put money in switzerland . 
  in their situation , who would n't ? 
   they had ` partially injured ' steve aoki wait , it was fucking aoki ??? 
  shit , this just got sad . 
  aoki is fucking awesome . 
   ah yes , of course . 
  i have criticisms of my country and therefore i hate america . 
  so much butthurt from a site i thought was liberal . 
  nobody even mentioned the usa , you just came here and started hating on it . 
  dude , grow a brain . 
   i 'm all for a referendum - i 'd just hate my country to leave the eu because so many have only heard one side of the argument . 
  that 's exactly why you need a referendum , so that both sides of the argument can be heard . 
  as of now , only those who disagree are presenting their arguments and it 's swinging public opinion in their favour . 
  a referendum where both sides are heard would demolish a lot of the fabrications and myths regarding the eu and , if done right , would be a great victory for the eu . 
  besides , with popular support confirmed in a referendum , the anti-eu movement in the uk would suffer a massive blow and we 'd all stop talking about renegotiation of terms or re-evaluation of the relationship with the eu and more about how the current system could be improved . 
   democracy does n't always work . 
  sometimes people are stupid . 
  if people are stupid , that 's their loss . 
  you ca n't choose against their own will what 's actually better for them . 
   why do farms need subsidies at all ?
