  it always does . 
   `` france is in free fall '' is an abusive title which , anyway , was referring only to competitivity , not the budget . 
  they 're interconnected , a state with an uncompetitive economy has an harder time balancing its budget , and unfortunately france is further restricting the free market and already needs to increase taxes to balance its budget . 
  i personally would n't care too much if you were some country in asia or south america but no , you 're france , your economy is huge and you 're at the heart of europe , you going down the same road we did a decade ago is no joke , i really do n't want to see the european project fail because one after another countries could n't balance their budgets and had to rely on the support of the rest of the eu . 
  if france fails like portugal did , nobody will be big enough to bail you out , please keep that in mind and do n't play with fire or else we might all get burnt . 
   it 's not just finland , western public schools are bastions of feminism . 
  what the fuck ? 
  you 're either gay or someone from mensrights or some shit . 
   i 'm a strong advocate for sex-segregated schools -- or at least classrooms -- for this reason . 
  it 's become obvious that any attempt to reach parity using the same method will result in leaving one sex disadvantaged or an institutionalisation of mediocrity for both . 
  hey , dude , i love you and all but do n't be like that , it 's absolutely essential that men and women to go through education together . 
   at this point i would say it 's fair to conclude that not only are social market economies not only not `` retarded socialism '' but also superior to the anglo-saxon style dog-eat-dog / laissez-faire capitalism . 
  the brits are n't dog-eat-dog / laissez-faire capitalism and what they have going on is certainly better than state capitalism , i 'll tell you that much . 
   how can you still be believing that the objective of the 75 % tax i increasing revenue to a significant extent ? 
  oh , sorry , i was under the impression that the objective of a tax on income was to levy revenue for the state . 
  if that 's not the goal of the tax , what is it then ? 
  punishing people who dare have an income over 1 million euros ? 
   nope , because the cap is not about sustaining the french agriculture but about ensuring food independence , which only makes sense continentally-wise . 
  well , we do n't need cap and we ca n't afford to subsidise goods that then always go to waste . 
  you want to `` ensure food independence '' , fine , do it on your own with your tax money , not with ours as we kinda desperately need them for other stuff and are n't really interested in subsidising agriculture when so much of that production goes to waste . 
  who cares about virtue anyway ? 
  i care about living standards . 
  oh , look , it 's cap and the massive overproduction again !, 
  how wonderful is it that we 're spending taxpayers money on subsiding the production of goods that then go to waste !, 
   this is probably the only ethnic group that requires some affirmative action and some state enforcement to keep the parents from preventing their children from going to school . 
  i 'm pretty sure you do n't know the meaning of `` affirmative action '' . 
  forcing children going to school is n't affirmative action , it 's the law and it 's the same for everybody . 
   but then how will social democracy pay for itself ? 
  by taxing the rich at 75 % . 
   is it the middle-class family having 2 kids , or they have 0 and it is the toilet cleaner family having 4 ? 
  0 for the most part , 1 for low income families , 6 for algerians and 8 for somalis . 
   you realize that france pays more money to the cap than what french farmers receive for it right ? 
  so france would benefit from the end of cap , great , cap is over , folks !, 
   we have to find a way to make that work . 
  that is the european strength . 
  if europe is only going to succeed when socialism works , then it 's never going to work . 
  damn germany , do n't let france hijack the european project with their long debunked retarded ideology !, 
   there is , we just hold our breath until we turn purple and pass out . 
  there is ? 
  damn germany , do n't you say that shit , that 's not funny , that 's actually nasty . 
   and how rich do you have to be to feel the pinch of the top tax rate ? 
  in france it 's 1m $ , though it 's irrelevant what this value is , if it 's too much , they leave and we go from taxing 50 % or whatever we were taxing before on several million euros to taxing 75 % or whatever they want to tax on nothing . 
   it 's the other way round : look at greece , the rich have homed their moneys back to no taxes after the government helped them create big shipping businesses decades ago . 
  now it 's the young middle class that has to leave , and it 's not because they want to , or because they can afford to ... that 's the greek 's government fault for getting into debt and now not allowing for businesses to flourish and the economy to grow , no wonder , with their tax rates , labour laws , government regulation and bureaucracy and justice system , i 'd also avoid the country like the plague , it must be one of the worst environments to start up a business . 
   do you know what marginal tax rate means ? 
  do you know that the people affected by those tax rates leaving the country means ? 
   not at all . 
  france needs to clear some space at the top , so new artists can take the spot ... so it 's good that there 's less people will be paying tax because more people will be available to pay tax ? 
  damn , how stupid can you be ? 
  people are leaving the country , `` it 's a good thing because new people can take the spot '' . 
  lololololol  what are you blathering about ? 
  corporations and governments use loans with collateral to finance their ` creations ' . 
  as long as there 's a return on investment , then what 's the problem ? 
  in france taxes are paying for healthcare , education and infrastructure . 
  some of the most valuable assets any society can boast about . 
  yes , and healthcare , education and infrastructure was already paid for with the former tax rates . 
  what is the 75 % rate achieving other than making the wealthy leaving the country , reducing overall tax revenues and increasing the weight of taxation on the middle and lower classes , actually ? 
   the problem for governments is that they are the ultimate risk takers : no private entity is going to take a massive risk in creating a new industry unless the risk is underwritten by government in various ways . 
  the problem for governments is that they do n't have the same incentives to maximise the benefits and minimise the costs as the taxpayers pay for the difference . 
  they can invest a lot on stupid shit that does n't pay out because they were pressured to by special interest groups . 
  there 's a reason why in portugal rtp , the state-owned tv , is an huge burden to the taxpayers whereas sic and tv , two privately-owned tv stations , offer the same service without needing taxpayer money . 
  there 's a reason why tap , the state-owned airline , is filled with debts whereas ryanair and easyjet offer the same service much more cheaply and efficiently . 
   basic economies ?!, 
    muhahaha !, 
  [ krugman ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2001/09/14/opinion/reckonings-after-the-horror.html?pagewanted=all&amp;src=pm ) ?!, 
  [ muhahaha ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#broken_window ) !, 
   that does n't mean anyone will be paying 75 % total tax . 
  no , the french government only wanted it for incomes over 1 million , but you 're right , nobody will be paying that because they rather deposit their money elsewhere . 
   that 's what he 's saying ... and that 's the truth , he has been a french taxpayer for all these years and he has been fine with the tax rates this far . 
  hollande pushed it way too much and now he 's getting none as people like depardieu move elsewhere where the state does n't need to tax the wealthy like that . 
   he made his money on french films that sold in france . 
  good luck with him making the same again ... the money he already made is more than enough for him to live nicely for the rest of his life , and there will still be plenty for his relatives . 
  france is the only one who 's missing out on him , i 'm sure he wo n't shed a tear when everybody is crying out for him as if he was evil for trying to avoid such a massive tax rate . 
  you have a thesaurus in hand ? 
  do you mean creating value or money ? 
    if you mean value , then the state definitely creates more value than any private enterprise ... lol nope , the state can only create with taxpayers money , money which is taxed away from private enterprises and regular citizens . 
   i mean that they did n't fall from the sky intact . 
  there were many conflicts . 
  yes , though it 's the xxi century , there 's internet and you can go past the borders and all that , there 's no animosity between portuguese and spanish or french and english or germans and poles , that 's why the balkans stand out . 
   what does that mean ? 
  nobody will be paying 75 % of their income as tax . 
  [ you must be living under a rock ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?hl=en&amp;q=france+75+percent+tax ) . 
  he did n't want to pay anyway ... [ depardieu said that over 45 years of working and running businesses in france he had paid 145 million euros to state coffers ] ( http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/aleqm5g4ozpwh5us5ystzvio93mna-bt-q?docid=cng.1d3c488c7484eee3d80a87095058d376.181 ) . 
  it 's not like he woke up one day and said he was through paying taxes to france , it 's that the government decided to tax them massively and now they 're getting none of it . 
   it made deparedau popular and rich , on french speaking idiots who liked him enough ... i bet you wet your pants at l'oreal 's geriatric antics ... what the fuck ? 
   define beneficial . 
  `` better for '' . 
   my claim is that those `` massive '' departures , if they are a fact , are not a consequence of an indecent taxation since those who leave are not affected by it . 
  what explains it , then ? 
  had you that amount of income , would n't you move or at least move the money to belgium or some place else to avoid the state sucking it all up ? 
   what ? 
  you really can not fathom a system wherein you do not answer to variations in activity by laying off people ? 
  i do n't understand your question . 
  no , the state interfering with the labour market is n't good for the workers on the long run , it might reassure those who do have a job that they 're safe but it makes unemployed people that much harder to employ and can be a burden on the whole economy , making it more uncompetitive which can have really averse effects on the long run . 
   the deficit is shrinking , so i do not see exactly what you are bitching about with your `` piling on debt '' . 
  not renovating housing is also a burden on future generations . 
  `` france is in free fall '' is the name of the article and you 're telling me you 're in great shape ? 
   that there are many who are avoiding paying existing taxes enough to reduce the productivity of a country . 
  everybody avoids paying taxes , it 's an added expense . 
  some people are better at it , some are n't that averse to the risk , but everybody would like to minimise costs by not paying taxes if they could .
