  they 're even worse !, 
  at least when the businessman wants profits , they 'll do their best to provide a good service and therefore benefit the rest of society , as adam smith said it , `` it is not from the benevolence of the butcher , the brewer , or the baker , that we can expect our dinner , but from their regard to their own interest '' . 
   if everyone reduces their quality by an equal amount , what are you going to do ? 
  that never happens , tell me a business competing in a free market system that manages to succeed by lowering their quality . 
  the second you start selling crap products or offering a shitty service , your customers will go elsewhere , bam , you 're out of business for acting against the interests of your customers . 
  if you 'll excuse me , please [ watch at least the first 30min of this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3n2snngwa4 ) , it 's another one by milton friedman and i 'm sure it will clear a lot of misconceptions you might have about a free market system . 
   big-scale farmers have national importance , if they stop farming , then food will have to be imported from abroad and that will cost much more . 
  nonsense , you seem to imply that without subsidies , people would stop producing food , which is just beyond ridiculous . 
  as for food imports , we ought to lower the tariffs altogether and allow for cheaper foreign foods to be more accessible to us all , there 's plenty of other countries in the world which would gladly sell us their excess food and we 'd all be willing to buy them if we did n't discriminate against them with the protectionist measures we 've instituted . 
   if we do n't subsidize them , they will go and work something else , which in turn means that there wo n't be anyone left to grow the food . 
  that is just stupid , there have always been plenty of farmers before and after the subsidies . 
  what , should we also subsidy cellphone companies , clothing industries and car manufactures or else nobody will make cellphones , clothes and cars ? 
  you really do n't have an idea of how a market works so let me explain it to you - if there are people willing to buy something , there will be an incentive for people to provide that something . 
  as long as people are willing to buy food , there will be people interested in supplying it . 
   you think those farmer strikes happen every couple weeks just for fun ? 
  or maybe they 're striking because they have too much money ? 
  they happen because they 're a special interest group that ( like every special interest group ) wants special benefits at the expense of everybody else . 
  if you watched my previous video , please [ watch this one as well from the same session ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_t0wf-ucwg ) , it 's highly relevant to that matter of special groups ( he even mentions farmers ) trying to lobby the government for benefits . 
   look up how much they earn . 
  this autumn the farmers were getting around 14 euro cents per kilo of potatoes . 
  how much do they cost in a supermarket ? 
  around 1 euro/kg ? 
  now think who 's the bad guy here and who 's getting too much money . 
  there are people who earn much less and get none of that . 
  and , [ like u/wobblewagon mentioned ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17yc4j/cap_subsidies_to_farmers_per_hectare_for_2013/c8abish ) , do n't assume for a second that the money is going all to the little man who is in need and requires our support , that 's not and is never the case . 
  to think that you 'll solve any of these problems by making the rest of society the ones paying for it , that 's just not right , it never works as intended and the best system to determine what should and should n't be done is a free market system , not a government taking money from all of us to give to the farmers or farming corporations who lobby the best regardless of their final product . 
   no it is n't . 
  you have a serious case of cognitive bias on this subject . 
  you appear to not be able to properly read or evaluate contrary opinions . 
  what you constantly suggest is for the rest of europe to bail us out , for them to forget our debt or to fund our spending . 
  that 's never going to happen unless we also proceed with these austerity measures . 
  who exactly is going to loan you money at their own expense so we can keep spending more than we can raise in taxes ? 
   wishful thinking much . 
  the debt is n't getting worse , not like it was before the `` evil '' austerity measures started . 
   no , that 's a straw man , no one suggested that . 
  you 're the one criticising austerity and reducing spending . 
  the only possible alternative to this is continuing spending aka doing the shit that got us into this situation in the first place . 
   what does an american guy from 1976 know about agriculture in europe in 2013 ? 
  he knows more than you ever will . 
   i know several large farmers myself , i know that they barely make ends meet . 
  they ca n't afford to hire additional workers , yet they themselves ca n't afford to work a bit less either as the crops will go bad and they will be left without any money for the rest of the year . 
  i know several people from every sector of activity that barely make ends meet , my family included . 
  you either subsidise everybody ( which you ca n't do as a subsidy requires someone paying for it ) or you do n't subsidise anyone ( as it should be , if people are bad then they 're free to try their chance in some other field ) . 
   farmers are normal people , they 're not billionaires with private jets and 15 houses . 
  nobody said they were . 
  still , there 's no reason to subsidise them . 
   they 're probably poorer than most of us here assumptions . 
   because we can afford to just sit on reddit all day and do nothing . 
  til farmers ca n't be redditors . 
   are you really saying that farmers get too much money ? 
  those guys who make your bread ? 
  the ones who work 20 hours per day in summer ? 
  the ones who are already poor as fuck and whatever profit they make is just enough to pay the bills and buy food ? 
  are you really saying that they have it too good ? 
  [ bullshit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1blpcgh0wk ) . 
  now you 're just being rude . 
   well , that , and also blatant racist . 
  hey there simonask , [ this is you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ydstktt.png ) . 
  always the same , more concerned about the impacts on the views muslims than about those who have their lives threatened by these . 
  do n't you ever change you sissy . 
   what 's wrong with the first comment ? 
  that 's the kind of imigrant we want , right ? 
  have no idea what the 2nd comment is saying though . 
  they were both trolling . 
   except as has been proven many times , austerity is not helping to lower the debt levels . 
  what has been proven is that while our government was spending more than what it could levy in taxes , our debt was growing and that now that it ca n't spend more without very high interest rates and is cutting back on the spending , that the debt is stabilising . 
  that things are looking very grim , yes , that we can go back to s\u00f3crates era spending and expect a different result , that 's insane . 
   before the cap ... you mean before the 1950s ? 
  dude , that was an entirely different time then . 
  the principles of adam smith and david ricardo date from even before that and so far they still apply and all the evidence corroborates their thesis . 
   if it was relegated to national ministries , all of a sudden each country would begin competing against eachother meaning gradually increasing subsidization in each country . 
  no , that did n't happen before cap . 
   then it would n't be the most efficient producers that win out in the end , but the ones most willing to spend money on agriculture . 
  what if some countries subsidised it and other did n't ? 
  that also happens on an international level . 
   this would be bad for europe as a whole , let alone for the individual countries . 
  no , what is bad is subsidising , cap is what 's bad , if the french want to use their taxpayers money to massively overproduce , they should be free to do that on their not and not drag the whole eu down with them !, 
  most countries would actually be fine with this , they 'd benefit at the expense of the french taxpayers and their retarded protectionism and interventionism without themselves having to contribute for cap !, 
   we should all upvote the troll . 
  dowvoting is giving him what he wants . 
  karma is irrelevant , you think he 'll care that his comment gets 15 | 10 or 5 | 15 ? 
  what he wants is these reactions , and they 're quite funny tbh . 
   it depends on whether the money can create something that betters the citizen 's standard of life . 
  you have no idea of how large our debt is . 
   if that money is spent building renewable energy even more ? 
   and the debt has a decent interest rate our 10y bonds were over 8 % when we asked for a bailout , considering that even by then our economy was stagnated and our debt is already larger than our gdp , no , we do n't have a decent interest rate , the debt itself grows faster than our gdp . 
   it 'd be more money in my pocket more taxes , more spending and more loans equal more money in your pocket ? 
  either you 're a politician , a member of a special interest group or an idiot . 
   you did n't answer my question . 
  when will austerity end ? 
  when the debt gets back to acceptable levels ( it can be 60 % gdp as it was in the euro convergence criteria ) . 
   `` an agricultural policy that permits a precious industry to be sustained '' then no cap ? 
   `` a financial framework that should prolong the growth pact '' then more spending and tax cuts ? 
   `` i defend strasbourg as capital of europe because history reminds us of strasbourg 's role '' the only thing it reminds us is huge waste done on our behalf and against our will . 
   well what do you expect when you want to replace europeans with muslims and africans . 
  europe is gon na be one ugly place in 20-30 years time . 
  how is this relevant to the topic ? 
   since austerity actually delays recovery , that means it is effectively endless . 
  what speeds recovery in a sovereign-debt crisis ? 
  more debt ?
