   i 've been to cuba . 
  nice place , but poor . 
  well , i 've never had the money to go there , not that i should complain about how things are for me , but yeah , i 've never had that privilege . 
  anyways , cuba is a planned economy , much like the one you 're preaching . 
  even you said it 's poor . 
  you even see it in the news , cubans risking their lives to make it to florida ( the poor fellows , risking their lives to get away from cuba and into the usa ) , how can you defend that a system like that should also be implemented here ? 
  and you should change your nick to `` defender of human rights and democracy everywhere , because everyone else is too stupid to know how to defend himself '' . 
  firstly , people do n't work for food stamps , they work what they can and are payed accordingly . 
  in a free market situation without impediments to entry in the market , this will mean that people who work much more are paid much more and people who do n't work as much are n't paid just as much , as it 's fair . 
  in this situation , it 's impossible to pay one 's workers less than their fair compensation , i can try to explain this to you if you do n't understand it as this is just microeconomics and i happen to be studying some of that atm , basically it 's just that other companies will pay more and put the first one out of business . 
  secondly , there 's no economic waste as the increased revenue would be used to create even more wealth , and more wealth would then be used to satisfy society 's needs and to create further wealth . 
  thirdly , again with the fear-mongering , `` without arbitrary values imposing compensation above a certain value to everyone we 'd all be working for food-stamps '' is just ludicrous !, 
  minimum wages do n't increase living standards , they just get those who 'd be payed under that threshold not to be payed at all !, 
  everyone else is unaffected !, 
  fourthly , sweden , denmark , finland , italy , austria and germany are examples or countries without minimum wage and , according to your logic not based on empirical data , working for food-stamps . 
  yes , that 's what i said . 
  look at venezuela or cuba for nowadays examples . 
   i have friends working for 100 euro/month they do n't work full time , do they ? 
  i 'm sure they do n't . 
  that or they work on their own and have no boss , 100 $ / month for a full time job in europe ca n't be possible . 
   how many more bank bailouts , bribing scandals , suicides , market crashes , shrinking of national research budgets , direct subsidies to mega-corps increase in military budgets etc. 
  do you have to see to accept what should be obvious by now . 
  bank bailouts - according to the free market , should n't be bailed because they failed on their own . 
  according to our law , we should n't need to bail them out in the first place because they would be regulated enough not to compromise its clients savings . 
  bribing scandals - are you british ? 
  i have n't seen that many , at least here in portugal . 
  most of those here are regarding football , and i could n't care less about those . 
  suicides - oh , ffs !, 
  are you serious ? 
  blaming a socio-economic system for suicides ? 
  really , treat yourself . 
  and visit countries like cuba or venezuela , see how much happier they are there . 
  r&d budgets - talk to your policy makers , its them who decide that , not individuals or small business . 
  subsidies to megacorps and military budgets - tell me , in which europe do you live in ? 
  it sure sounds like you 're talking about that country next to canada , not about an european nation . 
   we are returning to neo-feudalism , and unless it 's stopped , in a couple of years you will envy china for their `` formidable working condiations '' . 
  more fear-mongering detached from reality . 
  bah , really , europe , the next china ? 
  do n't make me laugh !, 
   yes , they are really outdoing themselves . 
  if there was a brib-o-meter , it would be hitting red now . 
  if that 's true , then by all means , present proof . 
  do n't do it to make an argument , make it to improve life for everyone in society by exposing corruption . 
  till then , i 'll just assume you 're living in perpetual fear and fighting ghosts , assuming everyone is out to get you , conspiring and planning your downfall . 
  lol , there are bribes everywhere , you just ca n't prove it , is n't it ? 
   this is not strictly true , but any case i think people should be directly responsible for state enterprises ( you know , the ones too big to fail ) . 
  everyone should be issued stock ( which he can not sell , as an obligation and right of him being a citizen of a country ) and voting rights , with some proportion with the workers of those companies . 
  they are needed to maintain life , they should n't belong to anyone ( just like air ) . 
  it 's true at least here , state owned companies are the ones who constantly present astronomical results . 
  to bad they 're always negative and it 's the taxpayer that has to pay the bill . 
  regarding the `` owned by society '' thing , it 's just extremely impractical , i 'm assuming that getting consensus between 20 shareholders is very difficult to do , getting consensus between everyone is just impossible . 
  and telling that people would be forced to own those companies is just ludicrous , you 'd give someone clearly irresponsible and not interested the same voice as someone deeply committed in the decision-making process ? 
  besides , now this is just my personal opinion , but voting rights and civil rights should be just that , rights , not something enforceable by law if a citizen just is n't interested . 
  if you make it an obligation , he 'll just not give a shit and the whole society would be harmed . 
  just like people have the the right to exercise their rights , they also should have the right not to , imo . 
  i 'm not familiar with neo-feudal capitalism , but either way , free market represents supply and demand being the factors that regulate the market , not bureaucrats without any idea of what their doing coming up with ideas in their office and applying them to everyone . 
  obviously , just like what happens with everything else , there needs to be limits and some sort of regulation : fraud , impediments to the free access of the market and anti-competition measures are and should be unlawful , and if you 're talking about bankers stealing money then that makes them thieves , not anything else , and they should be treated accordingly . 
  now , please explain me how some idiots playing with others ' money because of the law not being applied and ruining everyone else 's lives is an argument against the free market . 
  the way i see it , it 's just an argument for stricter laws , not for planned economies . 
  ( not that this would be an issue in a planned economy just because there would n't be any money in the first place to be stolen . ), 
   i 'd like to see those who close hospitals without knowing them or who they serve to apologize to the people they kill too . 
  what are you talking about and how is it related to excessively high minimum wages that increase unemployment and disparity in incomes instead of increasing equality and purchasing power in society ? 
  germany , austria and sweden do n't have minimum wage , now tell me with a straight face that 's what 's happening there . 
   ceo 's will pool resources together and bribe everyone the can . 
  you 're severely overestimating their power . 
  besides , here in europe , the backlash of that would be the company 's death , a company here without any regard for social issues is just at a disadvantage , even strictly-financially speaking . 
   minimum wage might even go down . 
  that 's pure speculation and it 's also disconnected from reality . 
  honestly , who 's the politician that would suggest with a straight face the minimum wage should be reduced and expect to be elected into office ? 
  and let 's be honest , germany and austria do n't have any minimum wage . 
  are they in a bad situation or at least in a worse situation than we in portugal with 485 $ * 14months/year or those in greece with 750 $ ? 
   this is why i advocate seizing the whole company as well . 
  well , you advocate wrongly . 
  explain me , how is the public sector capable of running an economy when all his enterprises are the ones presenting the most negative results ? 
  not to mention that even if they presented good results ( they never do ) , what would be their incentive to do better for society if there 's no risk or no dependable profit for them ? 
   but do n't worry - bribes are flowing and oiling the system . 
  your horror of of corporations having to pay more than chinese wages will never happen . 
  again , fear-mongering and detachment from reality . 
  bribes are n't flowing around at least as frequently as you mention as there 's always considerable competition from other politicians and media vultures trying to capitalize on corrupt politicians to either seize their places or profit from their scandals . 
  also , nobody 's advocating for europeans to receive the same as chinese , their completely different things . 
  they are in slavery-like conditions mass producing cheap products , obviously you ca n't compete with them on that ( because lousy unions , lol , i 'm just joking now ) , not that you even want to . 
  you want to develop on quality products and to lead in investigation & development , and like a teacher of mine always says , `` for quality , there 's always market '' , and it 's exactly in this that europe needs to and is investing , it 's not in mass production , it 's in education and in creating value , and for that , wages will always need to be much higher . 
  ps : europe has also never been a beacon of neoliberalism , and i truly doubt it will become , at least in the short term . 
  i honestly do n't know what you 're so scared of . 
  bah , fuck him . 
  he should go down in history forgotten , just an unfortunate shitstain in norway 's and europe 's history , not as an important influential person whose quotes made frontpage of international news . 
  i wish i could have a friend polish like you with me everywhere i go . 
  no one better than you guys to school the wannabe communists and socialists who constantly trying to impose their wild dreams on everyone else without thinking of the consequences and what that means in reality . 
  seriously , if planned economies are that good , then what the fuck always goes terrible wrong and why do they always fail spectacularly when people try to make them work in society ? 
   will there be unicorns and fairies too ? 
  unicorns and fairies are still more likely to occur than a planned central economy being more efficient than the free market in bringing development and attending to the society 's needs . 
  maybe corporations should be regulated not to do more harm than good and maybe the best way to achieve this is not with demagogue measures like increasing the minimum wage which work wonderfully in theory but in reality are more useful in increasing unemployment than purchasing power . 
  and i 'd like to see those who support increasing the minimum wage having to apologize to those who lost their jobs and main source of income because they were just trying to help them and now the companies were shut down just because they were n't competitive in the global market we live in . 
  bah , more naive people trying to argue with eastern europeans which unfortunately lived under a communist system that communism and socialist are good things and that the best economy is n't the one chosen by the employers and the employees but rather by a regulatory state . 
  seriously , arguing that a low paying job is slavery is just ludicrous and unfortunately drastically increasing minimum wages do n't serve to increase income but they do serve to increase unemployment . 
  it 's like saying , `` hey , i do n't think you 're earning enough so here you go , with this minimum wage law you 'll lose your job . 
  no need to thank me . '', 
  europe 's economic suicide ? 
  iirc , all this shit started in 2008 with the american housing bubble and the default of some banks and insurance companies there . 
  but how fucking convenient it is for them to only talk about europe to say how bad things are here and then blame us for their economic downturns even though unemployment rates are both at 9 % and in 2011 both economies only grew 1.6 % in gdp .
