  if your country ca n't feed itself it is less able to exercise self-determination , it 's at the mercy of other food producing nations . 
  that was also invoked back when the british had the corn laws and it resulted in ultimate failure . 
  besides , we are talking about a market where there are a very large number of consumers and suppliers , there 's no world monopoly on food production . 
  i personally ca n't think of any plausible reason why norway would ever starve when the world already produces so much food and when norway is so wealthy . 
  that argument is silly , i 'm sure very few of us individuals assure our own food-production , it 's the same for countries like norway , just because they do n't produce food it does n't mean they ca n't acquire it later through trade . 
   a final argument is if you needed to ramp up food production in a hurry ( due to war , famine , natural disasters , economic problems ) it 's easier to get more out of existing farm land than to start from scratch . 
  i do n't know how true this is myself , it makes sense that cutting down a forest to make farmland would take a while i suppose . 
  that does make sense because crops take time to mature and are able to provide nourishment . 
  i still do n't know how this could be used as an argument against free trade when there are so many different suppliers of food and because it would be against the self-interest of all of them to , for whatever reason , simply refuse to sell to norway . 
   according to n. klein these countries awaited their own marshall plan , just like germany . 
  but it came throughout the fmi and kind of destroyed their countries just like greece portugal and spain are being destroyed now . 
  yeah , it was the imf that destroyed these countries , not all the years of central planning and government mismanagement of the economy . 
  lol, 
   ok , i have to ask . 
  what is moonshine ? 
  [ moonshine is a very high proof , often 190 proof ( 95 % alcohol ) , distilled spirit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moonshine ) . 
   another stellar piece of journalism from the wp . 
  let me guess , tomorrows article will be `` which european country is the most communist ? '', 
  or `` which european country kills the most puppies ? '' . 
  `` why is american journalism so shitty ? '', 
  would be an interesting piece . 
   they are southern europeans , not western . 
  intercardinal points , how do they work ? 
  blue is the colour of hope . 
   it 's not surprising that norway wants to protect its farmers , their climate means they 'd but out of business in a flash if they were in the eu proper . 
  you say that as if cheaper food was a bad thing . 
   evil eu come to deplete all our fish , steal our daughters and ruin our agricultural sector !!, 
  cap and cfp are still very bad policies . 
  after so many years , the remnants of the ussr are still quite visible . 
   what 's with all the hate ? 
  what hate ? 
   respect our culture like we respect yours . 
  if you think that pointing out differences is disrespectful , fuck you . 
   the dutch are animals . 
  people are animals . 
  fact . 
   could n't find any source to get the bitcoins . 
  looks like i will need to keep doing austerity . 
   -4 points 45 minutes ago ( 0 | 4 ) if even you downvote yourself , you could not post at all . 
  if you at least want to troll , then put on a better show , writing walls of texts is dull as fuck . 
   -7 points 1 hour ago * ( 0 | 7 ) obvious troll detected . 
  the whole of switzerland is boring and dull as fuck . 
  you guys ca n't party at all . 
  it 's still not too late for them to go back to their ancestral land . 
   if i shout `` i have a gigantic penis '' around my school for a few weeks would that be regular ? 
  what a crazy example . 
  do n't sweat it , there are silly people everywhere . 
   your welcome . 
   your i le mad . 
   in another scene , god serves coffee to the devil , which can be considered an insult to religious beliefs , according to the report , which explained the motive behind the fine . 
  are you portuguese ? 
   a fellow portuense !, 
  [ first post ever on r/porto too ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/porto ) !, 
  :d too bad that reddit never took off . 
  [ can you see your house from up here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ojlze.jpg ) ? 
   i despise protectionism ; but in this case it 's somewhat justified . 
  a country needs to be able to maintain it 's own food supply as you never know what 's around the corner . 
  it 's quite ironic that you 're british and support protectionism for the food market considering you had the [ corn laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corn_laws ) and they proved a massive failure . 
  this is off-topic , but do i know you from somewhere ? 
  your username sounds strangely familiar . . 
  because the french have a very strong agricultural lobby . 
  i do n't support cap . 
  [ because in sweden it is forbidden by law to be a criminal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dhkns.gif ) . 
   what do you think about european protectionism against african imports ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  why should anyone support protectionism ? 
   its rather that the oil business drives up salaries in general , so its difficult to get people to be farmers . 
  if there 's a greater benefit in the oil business then you should specialize in that and not artificially raise the prices in the agricultural sector to make up for the difference and encourage farmers . 
  we do n't have and we ca n't be self-sufficient in everything , it 's a free market and specialization which is able to allow us to live so well so cheaply . 
   its also a rugged and cold land that makes it more difficult than in say , holland . 
  more reasons for you to not specialize in agriculture and dedicate yourselves to sectors where you 'll benefit more . 
  considering your food supply is n't endangered , that there 's no world monopoly on food and that you can very easily acquire food from other countries , you 'll only benefit if you do n't increase the tariffs , your food will be cheaper and you 'll produce more of the rest which you 'll then be able to trade for more of other stuff ( like , for example , food from the eu ) . 
  it 's a win-win situation for both norway and other countries like , for example , holland . 
  since i already talked about the candle-maker 's petition , [ here 's some more bastiat on this ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#restriction ) , it 's a great read imo and he certainly presents the arguments i 'm trying to present much better than i 'll ever do . 
  if you do read some of it , please tell me your input on it . 
   i do n't think you have the american accent right   dohn-day est-ah el bath-a-room-o perd\u00f3n se\u00f1or pero no comprendo que usted dice . 
   actually , it will decrease price of food outside of norway ever so slightly , as this will increase supply a little bit . 
  if you consider a perfectly inelastic supply , yes , only the prices will go down . 
  but this is n't a case , the quantity will also go down , it might just the the edge which might make some producers leave the business . 
  regardless , i was just using his argument against him , if he really cares about starvation , he would n't be supporting raising the tariffs . 
   in our market yes , but we spend very little on food so it would n't mean anyone would be starving . 
  that 's still wasteful . 
  just because people in norway wo n't starve , that does n't mean it 's a good policy . 
  you 'll all be paying for the inefficiencies of your dairy and meat producers . 
   in total there will be more food on the market , at a lower price ( outside norway ) . 
  the downside is of course for farmers in other countries , who will have to sell their goods in other markets , so thats the counter argument here . 
  yup , it will be your loss . 
  either eu farmers will export to some place else or they 'll leave the business and dedicate themselves to some other thing but the ones who 'll lose the most are the norwegian consumers , definitely . 
  do n't stand out and , when asked , say you 're canadian . 
  just kidding . 
  maybe . 
   do not speak english louder when others ( mainly older people ) ca n't figure out what you 're saying . 
  volume does n't affect comprehension , but 99 % of americans do n't understand it . 
   why is poortugal and no asspain there ? 
  were n't both of them fascist states at that time ? 
  perhaps because portugal lent an airbase in the azores to the allies and was therefore excused for receiving some sweet american dollars . 
  we did n't want to look weak , you know ? 
  ww2 was quite a business here , let me tell you , while the spanish were rebuilding from the civil war we were feeding them and both the allies and the axis with resources they needed . 
  too bad none of that money was wisely spent . 
   this only increases the price of food in norway , we are not exactly starving .
