  there 's also u/easterneuropean and the russian one . 
  did n't you forget the water turning to blood and the plague of locusts ? 
  [ considering you 're not even in portugal ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/portugal/comments/x6hhk/os_portugueses_comem_e_calam/ ) , i 'd say you 're the one talking out of your ass . 
  i 'm in southern europe and we 're not preparing for the end of the world . 
  problem ? 
  yes , american politicians are ignorant regarding the rest of the world , no reason to upvote their stupidity in r/europe because they 'll never hold office either here or there . 
  oh , right , submitted 8 hours ago , when europe was sleeping ... 
  the usa went wrong . 
   sorry , no offence intended i was just warning you , not that it 's in any way offensive . 
  damn , if people took offence in this , they really need to chill the fuck down . 
  it 's not r/europe , 4 hours ago it was 9am in the uk and 1am in los angeles , for example . 
  obviously , when europe is sleeping and the americans are all awake , the content goes to shit , any criticism of the usa is met with anger and harmless jokes like that are downvoted . 
  jesus christ was a homo himself , did n't he kissed the disciples all the time ? 
   [ the ultimate solution is an 1973 alternate history by journalist and former playboy interviewer eric norden , set in a world where the axis forces won world war ii and partitioned the world between them , and is noted for its particularly grim tone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_ultimate_solution ) . 
  perhaps not the best choice for the title . 
  you should have said atlantic or continental master race , that way you just sound racist x ), 
  fucking imgur , i was going to upload a pic of two guys kissing but it wo n't let me . 
  either way , sure thing baby , < 333, 
   try doing a french style cheek kiss to the typical person in the uk or ireland ewwww british people, 
  i can barely stand this heat , i certainly do n't envy even higher temperatures !, 
  it 's always the fucking germans . 
  [ i think it 's time for germany to leave europe . 
  upvote if you agree with me . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/wg38y/european_jewish_leaders_on_circumcision_ruling/c5d0snt ), 
  yet when obama ended dadt or when he said he supported gay marriage , there was outrage . 
  though you 're not so backwards on the whole gay thing . 
  besides , i 'm sure divineking was just trolling . 
  atlantic master race reporting in !, 
  so portugal is southern europe while also being the westernmost country ? 
  and denmark is northern europe while being south of latvia and estonia , which are central europe ? 
   the unnamend author of mein kampf would agree . 
  those are called hypocrites . 
   it 's always a good cause when someone else pays . 
  when it 's you who is footing the bill , you might see it a little differently . 
  we paid just like you did for greece and other mistakes made in the eu . 
  do n't think for a second it 's only you guys keeping europe together , it 's everyone . 
   nope , those are emergencies where life is at danger , and which are not caused by the people who need help . 
  i am aware that you will now point at your politicians , you bankers , claiming that the average southerner is innocent . 
  well , the average southerner is the one who let it happen for decades , wallowing in many of the policies the higher-ups decided to make them soft . 
  noone is innocent when a nationstate goes bankrupt . 
  i 'm 18 , i never got a chance to vote in my life , and yet i 'm the one who 's expected to work my ass off to pay for this - how am i to blame for the mistakes made ? 
  you do n't teach anything by making a moral statement and not helping one bit , besides , it 's an union , we 're in this together , if germany needed the help , it would be our obligation to help and we 'd do it gladly , just like we 've always done so far . 
  you make it look like we 're on our own , when it 's not like that and our failure would lead to your failure and the failure of the eu as well . 
  i have you tagged as `` reasonable german '' as we both believe money should n't be wasted , we 're both against socialist failed policies , sharing the wealth and other unfair and stupid measures , but with this i have to disagree with you . 
  this was n't a problem caused by the people who need help . 
  the average portuguese is just as to blame for the effects of the financial crisis as the average german is to blame for germany 's hyperinflation post-ww1 or the destruction of germany post-ww2 . 
  while you ca n't expect to be the rest of us to pay for the mistakes of one country , you ca n't just deny help - specially when we 're in a union and are in this together . 
  i 'll tell you what i also tell portuguese guys who bitch about portugal here on reddit : fuck you . 
  bacon hater, 
  dude , do n't take it personally , reddit can talk a lot of shit without knowing , even here on r/europe it happens . 
  even regarding my country , most redditors only know about portugal because of its debt , its drug laws and the brazilian huehuehue . 
  that 's like being portrayed as poor retarded junkies by people who do n't have a clue of what they 're talking about . 
  let them spout ignorance and make sweep generalizations , they 're the ones who are talking out of their ass and do n't know on what they 're missing out . 
   those were east germans - just like north koreans and south koreans are very different people . 
  please do n't be so eager to create a divide like north/south european or west/east german , that 's never useful and only creates strife . 
   i think we should have introduced a western-controlled puppet regime in the gdr , and over the course of fourty , maybe sixty years rebuild them , out of their own power . 
  oh , come on man , i 'm not a fan of wasting money either but that was a good cause , just like it is a good cause to spend money in keeping europe together . 
  you ca n't blame the people from gdr for their misfortune of being in gdr and not in frg just like you ca n't blame `` southerners '' for being from a country that made bad policies - there 's no sense in punishing the population . 
  they way you talk , it 's as if you 'd be against the government trying to save people from floodings , earthquakes and other natural disasters , as they money could be best spent elsewhere and these disasters do n't affect everyone . 
  sure , it 's money spent and you personally might not benefit from it one bit , but i mean , if you had the misfortune of being in that situation you 'd also want society 's support . 
  something tells me your skin colour does n't really factor in much in your resilience to extreme temperatures . 
  i 'm sure factors like fat and muscles are much more of a factor than the pigmentation of your skin . 
   default , restructure , austerity and restart i 'm not sure you understand the meaning of `` default '' . 
  or maybe you just mixed things up , as it should be :  austerity and restructure , and only if these measures fail , default . 
  a default is no joke , not being able to pay for your obligations is essentially saying people not to lend us money as we wo n't be able to pay it back - an awful thing to say if you rely on loans to have the place running . 
   we paid for the east because we were morons . 
  what about the germans living there ? 
  the people who were for so long separated from their families ? 
  are you suggesting that no reunification whatsoever would be best ? 
  sure , you spend money on that process , but it was a worthwhile investment , was n't it ? 
  where else would you rather spend that money ? 
   ... said the drowning person to the one just merely able to stay over water as he pulls him down . 
  things are not that bad and you know it . 
  so your answer to `` schools may not reopen '' is `` at least we 'll go down proudly , that will teach the evil banks for loaning us money ! '' ... 
  you also paid for eastern germany during the reunification . 
  why do you have to make it look like we 're such a burden to you when we 're in this together and our failure also means your failure ? 
  worse than having homosexuality shoved in your face is when it 's shoved down your throat . 
  you know what also is not normal ? 
  prejudice against gays . 
  anti-gay bills , for starters . 
  no , you 're just a troll . 
  yes , you 're quite humorous , the funny part is when you say communism is the solution with a serious face . 
  if by trying to fix the world you mean imposing a communist regime , you have a twisted sense of fixing the world . 
  [ related . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_killings_under_communist_regimes ), 
   just a few annoying people though , most southern europeans around here are cool oh , for fuck 's safe , those generalizations are awful , there are idiots everywhere , creating a north/south divide wo n't help one bit in handling these issues . 
  so you admit you 're a radical communist ? 
  american journalism does not equal unbiased journalism . 
  this is reddit , we 're all atheists here . 
  yet greece is on top and everyone is worried about the sinking of their economy . 
  it 's the maastricht level , not the sea level . 
  that was over 20 years ago . 
   neo-satanist bullshit capitalism someone 's mad . 
   my long term goal is to create classless , stateless societies yes , communism is the answer - prc , dprk , ussr , cuba , cambodia , vietnam , romania , among others , all these are examples of how it 's a flawless ideology and the fact that these countries are undeniably the most successful goes to show how awful we europeans and the americans with our dirty capitalism have it . 
  ok , now seriously , do you really believe in this shit ? 
  or are you one of those that thinks `` but communism has never been done right !, 
  we should try it over and over till it works ! '' ? 
  this image is for you : http://i.imgur.com/bncxq.png and now , just to mess with you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnbjmrvob5m :d, 
   never worked before what do you mean ? 
  are you telling me economies ca n't flourish without heavy government interference ?
