  though does this only apply to portugal or is it something that also happens in other countries ? 
   it 's still the same today . 
  if one were to look at the reasons of why we need bailouts , it 's because the people 's interests never come first . 
  private ones do . 
  that did n't make any bit of sense . 
  firstly , nobody has ever spent their money on anybody else out of love , it 's always out of self-interest . 
  you think when people lend money to germany or the usa that they do it for anything else other than the interest rates they 'll receive ? 
  did portugal ever loan money without asking for something in return ? 
  as for the people 's interests and private interests , what do you mean by that ? 
  are n't the people 's interests the sum of all private interests ? 
   the eu come after and if there 's anything left , those scraps are ours . 
  that 's the same for everybody else and everywhere else in the world . 
   all it would take is a succession of proper leadership . 
  a strong , charismatic and selfless leadership . 
  aka some mythical creature which knows what 's best for us and will act to benefit us and not himself despite our constant cynicism , whining and scapegoating . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  i wager that we could wait 1000 years and nobody like that would ever come around . 
  [ voting for the right people ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac9j15eig_w ) . 
   there were always ample space and natural resources to ensure the populations survival . 
  being somewhat isolated makes the us invulnerable to marching armies and constant political tugging from neighboring factions . 
  they actually share this with the uk . 
  portugal also fits in this description , we used to have access to massive amounts of natural resources and mainland portugal has n't seen the devastation of war for over 200 years . 
   so spain in `` what do you consider itself first ? '', 
  has a total sum of 75 % of spanish and christian , since there is no other religion followed in spain ... how fucked up is that ? 
  they probably answered `` none of the above '' . 
  i 'm guessing it was the catalans , the basques and the galicians . 
   want to meet the perfect people ? 
  if he 's going to france for that then he 's in for some disappointment . 
   there have been other earthquakes in lisbon - or that affected lisbon because to be fair our problem is not earthquakes with epicenter in lisbon but rather in those banks west of sagres - banco de gorringe etc yup , that 's the main issue , an earthquake off the coast and the tsunami that would follow . 
  lisbon is pretty much fucked considering its soil is sandy , the terrain is mostly flat and it has no natural barriers to an wave coming from the south-west . 
   what unites republicans is essentially ** rhetoric about ** fiscal conservatism and belief on small government . 
  there , ftfy . 
  look at what ron paul actually achieved during all his years if you want some perspective on the gop commitment to what they preach . 
   i do n't know what european version of the republican party would do , maybe instead of defense spending it would try to advance unneeded infrastructure and r&d funding . 
  we already have that , here in portugal we call them the socialist party . 
   the reason is simple , taxpayers that fund the welfare need to truest that the money is well spend and the spending is for the betterment of the whole society . 
  if that was the case , there would be no welfare state . 
   if just move funding and decision making up to brussels , what you will end up is people allying behind the least common denominator , and in this case that is unease and doubt against other people . 
  that already exists , in brussels and in other places such as lisbon . 
   i 'm not against free trade , and yes , you are right that free trade can benefit everybody , however currently free trade is n't benefiting everybody because many states especially in central and south europe have strangled the functioning and flexibility of the private sector so tight that it ca n't renew and grow itself . 
  that 's not a problem caused by the chinese or the indians or whomever , in fact , if it was n't for them , we 'd be even worse because our goods would be even harder to afford . 
  the problems are the restrictions imposed on the economy and the lack of free trade ( a principle the eu has demonstrably abandoned ) . 
   that is why is so crucial that we get rid of south vs. north division because it is not german companies eating italian or spanish companies , it is the competition that is coming outside the union . 
  everybody competes with everybody to try and offer the final consumer the best service for the lowest cost , the shop across the street can and should offer just as fierce competition as the company based in glasgow or as the one whose hq are in bombay . 
  this would be the best thing for the consumers , the whole world without arbitrary restrictions on the flow of goods and services and everybody with the best possible living standards , not on a national or european scale but on a worldwide level . 
  damn jrohila , you 've got to keep your chill otherwise you 'll just look bad and not get your point across . 
   with fiscal union what you will get is european version of republicans , and you know what , i can guarantee that in a few decades european politics will turn even righter that the right is in the us . 
  us republicans ? 
  so continuing with the massive spending but instead of welfare , spending it on the military ? 
  eww , how absolutely disgusting . 
   the reason why north is still doing good is because we have understood that we need to move fucking fast or we will be eaten alive by the mother fucking chinese and indians . 
  the economy is n't zero-sum , under free trade everybody would benefit . 
  not that the eu is interested in the well-being of its citizens as much as it is in its lobbies , so we 'll have to fix that first . 
   do you mean government spending as % of gdp ? 
  well , sweden , finland , france , and the uk have you beat . 
  the data you presented is old and nevertheless it represents the excessive weight of the public sector in the economy , not to mention that portugal applies its public funds in a much more inefficient way . 
   yes , portugal 's public debt as a percent of gdp is one of the highest in the eu right now . 
  but it was lower than france 's in 2006 and lower than germany 's in 2007 . 
  which is wholly irrelevant as we 're living in the present . 
  and you ca n't look only at the public debt as a percentage of gdp , you must also look at the capacity of the state to levy taxes in order to pay for its expenses , and the portuguese tax burden is already higher than that of france or germany and , unlike these countries , we 're experiencing phenomenons such as emigration of young and highly-skilled workers , which certainly will have quite negative consequences in the future , which is raising our interest rates above these countries . 
   why is it skyrocketing now ? 
  that 's a little complicated , but it basically comes down to this : the ecb is n't printing enough euros to get portugal out of its debt trap . 
  what a joke !, 
  instead of cutting public expenditures , we should just print more money , wow , what a genius plan , i wonder why nobody ever tried that before !, 
   you 're really buying into the having cake and eating it too politics of the eu . 
  when you need help , they 're foreign . 
  when they need help , you 're their brothers . 
  they see it the opposite . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  the relations are bilateral , just like we expect that the money we spent on greece to be paid back , we must expect that we pay back the money the rest of the eu loaned us . 
   plus , you do n't really need the `` foreign help '' as you put it . 
  i guess what you mean is cash bailouts to recapitalize portuguese banks to pay off bondholders . 
  our banks do n't need to be recapitalised . 
  it 's our state the one that ca n't keep its expenditures in accordance to its revenue . 
   without the foreign help , you could just default and rebuild like iceland has successfully done . 
  [ what is actually going on in iceland ] ( http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ ) . 
   again , i 'm not sure who the `` we '' is here . 
  the portuguese government which was elected by the portuguese people in universal suffrage . 
   did you personally borrow money from german and french banks in 2006-2008 ? 
  if so , maybe you have a point . 
  if not -- i 'm not so sure . 
  our government is said to represent us and if they got into debt then we the portuguese taxpayers have to pay for it . 
  there 's no `` the portuguese government built highways and airports in portugal but the portuguese taxpayers are victims in this , the german taxpayers should pay the bill '' . 
  i do n't feel scorned at all - just because there are some stupid people from northern europe that may say we 're lazy , there 's also some stupid people from here who go out and draw charlie chaplin moustaches on the faces of european leaders and imf officials - there are stupid people everywhere , fortunately they 're a minority . 
  as for the austerity bit , that 's our own fault - when our governments spend about half of the country 's economy and cut ca n't back on the spending , when the public debt is larger than the actual gdp and when the interest rates on such public debt is greater than the growth of the economy , by then it 's quite impossible to continue what we were doing without foreign help . 
  we were the ones who asked for help , why is it suddenly somebody else 's fault ? 
  what , people think we 'd be better off without the troika , paying about 7 % / year on interest rates on our public debt when as of now we 're paying ~ 3.5 % ? 
  because our public debt is larger than our gdp and our economy is n't even growing at 3 % / year . . the only reason i can see for not wanting help would be if we wanted to default on our debts faster . 
   i do n't know if the southern lifestyle has ever existed , it seems like very good pr to me . 
  it exists to some degree in the summer but for the most part it 's just pr to help with tourism . 
  in reality , statistically speaking , the average `` southerner '' employee works longer hours than the average `` northerner '' . 
   i know that feeling . 
  europeans cherish the american lifestyle ( mcdonald 's , the simpsons , david hasselhoff , internet surveillance ) , yet scorn americans . 
   portugal is fully committed in keeping the tradition of being the poorest country in the eu . 
  it 's hard , but someone must be it . 
  so that 's why you 're a socialist !, 
   it 's ok timmy , blowjobs are in high demand everywhere . 
  not from hookers , that shit 's way too nasty . 
   i 'm originally from romania and i 've convinced people that romania is actually a tiny state next to arizona , i 've met people who either thought africa was a country or that africa only had 5 countries in it , i 've met people who thought london was a country , i even met a girl once who did n't know that central america and the northern part of south america existed ... like she just thought brazil and argentina were directly under ( and connected to ) mexico . 
  there are dumb people everywhere , there 's no need to be like that .
