  now , to your new post :  tell the first part to the romanians working their asses off for minimum wages in spain , and the second part to the unemployed spaniards . 
  the principle still applies , you want to improve the conditions of the people , you let them choose for themselves . 
   i see value in having a well informed society . 
  i do to , though i still do n't understand how you 'd come about to it . 
   to have a universal healthcare system which i 'm glad we have requires a state monopoly though . 
  no , it does not . 
  the state can subsidise private hospitals by being the one paying the bills of the patients , preserving both the best healthcare service and not instituting a monopoly on the nhs . 
   post scarcity ? 
  try food there is enough to feed the world but greed and incompetence make it impossible . 
  post-scarcity is something silly to worry about , if there 's no scarcity , there will be no problems . 
   we dont have free trade because of government restriction , not because of capitalism . 
   we dont value / price correctly in capitalism who values price correctly then ? 
   our environment is suffering is it ? 
  then the government should restrict pollution and these other externalities . 
   being exploited , peoples labour is being exploited bullshit , in a capitalist system you 're free to do whatever you want , if you agree to do something then it 's because you benefit from it and therefore are not in the slightest exploited . 
  if you feel you 're being exploited then do n't work for that person , work for somebody else . 
  even better , you yourself work on your own or create your own company and you hire people . 
  just do n't assume people are irrational and that you need to defend them against their own choices and that you should be the one deciding for them if their work is good or not . 
   do n't worry . 
  the eu will impose it soon enough . 
  the eu will impose what , when and how ? 
   the currently dominant neo\u2010liberal discourse on the role of the state lol !, 
  i wish we 've had a dominant neo-liberal discourse here in portugal , if that was the case we 'd be in a much better situation than the one in which we 're now !, 
   it opens up a world of knowledge and facts and resources and i already am on the internet just like most of portugal and we 're all doing such without our state getting into more debt and you forgot to tell me at what cost should that come about and if it the best use of our very limited resources . 
   if robots do all the work , but we still have capitalism , that means only a few people will be owning all the robots , and therefore owning all the produce the robots make , and everyone else will be unemployed beggars . 
  just like only the farmers that have the tractors and the other machines own all the food , and therefore owning all the produce their mechanised farms , and everyone else is a starving peasant . 
   the capitalists will become overlords or something like that . 
  you 're also a capitalist , you filthy oppressive pig , just the other day you bought food that you could have shared !, 
  down with the overlord u/farlige _ farvande !, 
   capitalism is not as great as you think it is . 
  you 're right , i 've come to the conclusion my dreams are better than reality , i 'm now a marxist like yourself . 
  get on anarcho-capitalism master race level !, 
  [ oh , look at that sweet sweet anarchy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jtdx0tx.jpg ) !, 
   better education , better health , a better informed population in general ... 
  i was under the impression you get that from better schools and better hospitals , but whatever , now tell me , at what cost for the state and why should the government step into the business of the private sector ? 
   breaking news : we 're already there , at least compared to what people wanted 200 years ago . 
  and what do we do ? 
  we overwork some people and condemn the others , for whom there is no work left to do , to unhappiness . 
  if you 're unhappy with your work , then do n't work . 
  if you 're unhappy with your lack of work , find employment or create your own . 
   if smith and co own all or most of the factories in region or smith and bob collude i 'm fucked . 
  not with free entry to the market and with free trade , you 're not . 
  no monopoly can survive the ages without government intervention . 
   or someone gets hurt and no money they get to die in the street . 
  that 's why i believe we should have an healthcare system . 
  though people never die in the street , i do n't know which strawman you 're attacking . 
   markets are n't stable on a human scale that has to be accounted for what is more stable then ? 
   markets also fail completely in a post scarcity situation . 
  if you ever get into a post-scarcity situation , there will be no need for markets . 
   my bet is on anarchy though . 
  sorry , i actually enjoy the safety a state provides , i would n't want to get rid of the policemen and the firemen and the other civil servants that do benefit society . 
   it 's basically just decentralisation . 
  then capitalism , it ca n't be more decentralised than individuals choosing for themselves . 
   where you once had a few very rich , very powerful people in charge of everything ( capitalists ) , you now distribute that power to many different people , removing the possibility of abuse of power . 
  if you 're talking about accumulation of wealth , then blame the government for stepping in and twisting the market in favour of the interest groups . 
  again , it 's a failure of government , not of the free-market . 
   general formula : take something which has a lot of power concentrated in a small place , take that power and hand it out to everyone . 
  general formula : that never works out as intended , businesses rise and fall based on their competitiveness . 
  before facebook there was myspace , before google there was yahoo , before nokia there was motorola and so on and so forth in that fashion . 
  to twist the market in favour of those on top or those on the bottom is to promote inefficiency . 
  to allow the market to operate freely , to not force people onto doing certain things because you think you know what 's best for them than they themselves know it , that 's the only way overall society can benefit , by letting people be free to choose . 
   that means every ceo , every boss , every king , every president , every minister and every publicly elected politician . 
  it also means priests and bishops and his holiness the pope . 
  i 'm also a supporter of democracy but it 's not my business to have a say in other people 's lives . 
  when it regards society like our foreign policy , our justice system and so on , sure , we should all have a vote . 
  when it 's about the business mr. smith started up , i have no business whatsoever in having a say on what he does as long as it does n't harm anybody else . 
  if he 's free to do as he pleases and he can only survive if he provides a service other people are willing to pay for , then that 's the only way to assure the whole society can benefit . 
   is there a company which has power to control the infrastructure in an area ? 
  give that power to the people living there . 
  if they paid for it , let them . 
  or would you like me to move into your house and claim it as my own ? 
   is some guy owning a factory , controlling it , and taking all the profits for himself ? 
  give that factory and the control over it to the people working in it . 
  if he or his parents were the ones who built it , why should the workers have it ? 
  they already have their wages , if they are displeased with the situation then they can all find employment elsewhere or start they their own company . 
  what you 're suggesting would in reality lead people to only hire relatives , that 's hardly promoting anything good . 
   a capitalist who owns the means of production is in charge . 
  he controls things . 
  him alone . 
  that is not a good thing . 
  what 's so wrong about it ? 
  if you do n't like him , then you do n't do business with him , you build better means of production . 
   could you do me a favour and read this ? 
  i 'm familiar with marxism , thank you very much . 
  you watch [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwsx1x8pv_a ) , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymqochr14n8 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5gppi-o3a8 ) . 
   instead of capitalists ( rich , powerful people in charge of companies and such ) being in control of everything , you give control of everything to the workers . 
  you 're talking as if people were born capitalists or they were born workers and there is no way to climb or fall down the social ladder . 
  regardless , no , you do n't give away other people 's property . 
  that has been done time and time again in other countries and it 's no accident that these countries are the countries which have gone through the most poverty and the most inequality . 
   the workers could use democracy to agree on how they want to run things . 
  everybody already used democracy to agree on how to run things . 
  even better , with a free market , you and your brother want bacon and i want ham , i can buy ham and you can buy bacon whereas in a system which you 're proposing , i would n't satisfy my needs . 
  democracy should n't be about the dictatorship of the majority , it should be about the power of the people to choose as they see fit is best for themselves and for society , not how they see fit to choose for their neighbours . 
   people governing themselves , without a king , slave master or boss , is called anarchy . 
  i have no king , no slave master and no boss and yet i 'm not in an anarchy . 
   capitalism is the opposite of people governing themselves . 
  capitalism means that it 's the capitalists who are in charge . 
  the thing is that everybody is a capitalist . 
  do you happen to have capital ? 
  if so , then you 're a capitalist yourself , you 're in charge , you do as you see fit with your own money .
