  just to be nasty racists against minorities . 
  damn , why does it always have to be about muslims ? 
  :\\ we have gay marriage here and we 're doing fine :p, 
   the problem is that britain does n't produce anything . 
   their economy depends on financial scam artistry , money laundering , tax haven status and financial corruption . 
  `` muh evil banks ! '', 
   question ... what 's labour 's view on the eu ... ? 
  they support it lightly :\\ it 's fucking bullshit , i 'd rather have the tories backing up the eu for being a force for the single market and economic freedom and have labour against it for being a ultra neo-liberal force that wants to put people back in shackles and have us working in slavery for the evil markets . 
  unfortunately in the uk they do things differently and there it 's the right-wing that is anti-eu . 
  which is sad , if i was british , i probably never vote labour , not even if that meant voting against the eu . 
   if uk leaves it will pave the way for greece/spain/portugal and france to leave . 
  this is a very very dangerous moment for the euro . 
  euro = / = eu and even if the uk left , we 'd still remain in . 
  in fact , i 'd faster vote for anschluss of portugal into the federal german republic than i 'd vote for the portuguese exit of the eu , but maybe that 's just me . 
   this was an exceptional measure ( 1 or 2 years ) to attempt to reduce the deficit which was built up giving tax cuts to the rich over the last 10 years . 
  i 'd still do the same in his situation . 
  the french government is clearly hostile to people in his income bracket , though it 's certainly not his fault that the french accumulated a deficit . 
  if anything , that deficit was accumulated because the state mismanaged its funds and could n't keep its spending in check . 
  and they continue to do so , or at least that 's what it seems , a 75 % tax rate is insane , it would be much more reasonable if they instead tried to cut spending . 
  if the french government goes the easy way out of increasing taxes , then the people who are the most affected go the easy way out and into belgium , it 's perfectly legitimate . 
   you do n't ` pay your fair share ' of taxes and then your off , even in america , you have your percent and you pay it , or you fraud . 
  yeah , i know , i was talking about the fair rate . 
  he did n't decide to go to belgium because one day he woke up and said `` i 've paid enough taxes here , fuck this i 'm outta here '' , he 's just going there because he thinks ( and quite rightly so ) that 75 % is way too much . 
  are you portuguese ? 
   all of those countries even if do n't have a legal minimum wage they instead nationwide collective bargaining agreements set minimum wages by job classification for each industry or just negotiated between unions and employer associations . 
  which is precisely what we need here , instead of a system that sends people to unemployment if they happen to be below a certain threshold decided by the deputies , that value is decided on a case-to-case level , people entering the labour force can get a lower minimum wage and people who have a lot of experience can get an higher minimum wage . 
   so nop it 's not your free market paradise as employers setting minimum wage as they please as you 're saying . 
  employers ? 
  there 's no monopoly by the employers on the wage level , just like there 's the employers who want to minimise their costs and pay less , there 's the workforce who wants to maximise their benefits and receive more . 
  on a free market , a company ca n't just say `` you 're paid 1 $ or you get nothing '' as then that worker can just find employment elsewhere and the initial company loses out on him . 
  on a free market , there 's also no barriers to the entry in the market , even if there was only one company in the previous example and they only paid 1 $ / month , all it would need for it to be finished would be for someone to open a similar company and to instead pay 2 $ / month that all the labourers on the first company would go to work elsewhere and the first company would be out of business . 
  you fail to realise that in a free market , just like there 's incentives for the prices to go down , there 's also incentives for the wages to go up . 
  besides , if wages did n't go up , the companies would n't be able to sell so well their products in the first place as society would n't have the purchasing power required . 
   lol all of those countries have some sort of public option of social security and healthcare so you 're agreeing with me , having social safety nets increases social mobility  i 'm not against a social security system , do pay attention that i 'm not tugasnake x ) as for the social mobility , it 's more complicated than that . 
   and companies will always want cheaper labor , they came to portugal before because at the time we were cheaper , they went to eastern europe for same reason , more recently china , and i 'm sure too . 
  sure , some companies , yes . 
  others favour a more knowledgeable workforce . 
  just because the danes and the finnish are paid much more than the ukrainians and the chinese that does n't mean the danes and the finnish are all unemployed . 
  they just produce pharmaceuticals and cellphones instead of shoes and pens . 
   you ca n't compete with cheaper labor , because you will always loose to developing countries . 
  true that , but still , a different minimum wage does n't mean we want to compete with the chinese , it 's simply giving people like the younger people out of college a chance at the labour market . 
  if there 's people who are willing to work under 470 $ ( like i would if i was n't studying at the moment ) , why should it be illegal for me to do that here but fine if i went to germany ? 
   so i 'm sorry companies wo n't come back to portugal because they can fire someone even easier , because they can have 5 chinese people or more doing the same job for the same wage . 
  again , liberalising the labour market is n't trying to compete with the chinese , it 's simply to try and not distort the market . 
  with that logic , we ought to have a minimum wage of 5000 $ , that would mean we 'd all out-compete the austrians and the norwegians and the japanese , though it does n't work like that , as it 's quite obvious , if we did that , we 'd just have a 90 % unemployment rate or 90 % emigration rate . 
   engineers for example are being offered in average 500 $ , so how can you say if there was no minimum wage companies would pay more if they pay only as low as they legally can ? 
  if they 're offered 500 $ and they take it then it 's because they accept it . 
  it would be the same in sweden . 
   and for the record the minimum unemployment payment is 419 $ which is less than the minimum wage so no one can refuse a job `` because they make more being unemployed '' yup , that skews things up and i personally know of people who refused to work part-time because they made more money being unemployed . 
  that 's not sustainable , though . 
   ren is a good example , how are you gon na privatize a company that is the holder of the country 's two main energy infrastructure networks gas and electricity ? 
  ren is a natural monopoly , that 's not a free market if there 's such a massive restriction for new competitors . 
  though we could still make a lot of money out of it by privatising and taxing it a lot , but i do n't know if we should do that . 
  :p  and no i do n't think essential infrastructure should be privatized because you as a citizen already paid for it 's construction . 
  there 's a lot that could be privatised that could benefit us all as it would lead to a great decrease in state expenditure and would be more efficiently run by the private sector . 
  rtp and tap were two prime-examples but there are several more , another two examples would be stcp and metro do porto . 
   lol yes actually tap provides a better service as ryanair , anyone who 's fought with both companies would tell you that . 
  at what cost ? 
  tap costs millions of euros to the state while ryanair costs nothing . 
  you know those massive tax increases and the money that we 're not spending on out healthcare , our education and our elderly ? 
  it 's being spent on tap whereas ryanair does the exact same thing and costs 0 $ . 
   rtp is a diferent deal , because even if i do n't agree with it 's `` public service '' definition , i certainly do n't agree with all the privatization models suggested so far . 
  what i do n't agree with is the massive taxes that are driving businesses away from portugal that lead to an increase in unemployment that lead to more young people leaving the country , all this because the state ca n't stop squandering money on useless shit like rtp , specially when we already have several privately-owned tv stations that can make a profit and not be yet another burden to the taxpayer . 
   first of all , it 's not 75 % of the income , it 's only after a certain tax bracket . 
  second of all , 75 % for someone who barely scrapes by is different for 75 % for someone who earns as much as he does . 
  i 'd like to see you win 100.000.000 $ in the euromillions and not say a thing when 25.750.000 $ got into your account . 
  though even this example does n't make my argument justice because it assumes that the first 1.000.000 $ is n't taxed at all and is about a profit on a gamble , whereas this is tax on income , it 's not something that you make based on luck alone . 
   second of all , 75 % for someone who barely scrapes by is different for 75 % for someone who earns as much as he does . 
  sure , taxing a rich actor at 75 % might be less wrong than to tax a poor fellow who works three jobs to keep his children in school and his family fed also at 75 % , but it still is not right to tax the rich actor at 75 % . 
  sure , he might have more money than he needs to live and sure , there might be people out there on much much more difficult situations than the one he 's in , but let 's not go robin hood on the actor , he had to work for the money he had and it 's certainly not his fault that there are others in society less fortunate than he is . 
  sure , we live in society and it 's expected for people who have more capacity to also pay more , after all , we all live within a state and nobody works for free , it has expenditures which have to be paid for by taxes , but to place such a disproportionate burden of these taxes on a few who happen to be wealthier , to accuse these and to be openly hostile to them if they get iffy in suddenly paying such a larger amount of tax when they 'll personally not benefit one bit from the new situation , that 's crazy . 
  while i personally find it difficult to imagine having his income , i certainly do n't find it difficult to understand why he would want to move to belgium when the french government is suddenly out there trying to punish the wealthy for being guilty of the crime of being wealthy . 
  so far he has paid his taxes , it 's not like he 's an asshole trying to get away with being a leech in the system . 
  for us to attack him like he 's being an evil bastard , i disagree with that , he 's just being rational , anyone in his position would do the same , nobody gets rich by paying more than what he should . 
   what is the stupid part ? 
  the stupid part is trying to accuse people who try to avoid such a massive increase in taxes and that will receive nothing in return of being unpatriotic . 
  your pm might say people who try to avoid a 75 % tax rate lack solidarity and are unpatriotic though i personally think that if there was anyone who did not try to avoid this , then that person would be downright stupid . 
   wait , what ? 
  where did i write that ? 
  that 's what we 're talking about , it all started when you mentioned a possible race to the bottom that could happen if people could move to places with lower taxes . 
  i tried to refute this , i think it 's quite obvious that , if anything , precisely because people can avoid this by moving elsewhere , that 's what prevents governments from instituting massive taxes like 75 % or 100 % , like what 's now happening in france , in trying to constantly increase taxes as opposed to keep them at a reasonable rate and minimising their expenditures instead , they 're having this new problem - and it is n't certainly leading to a race to the bottom , it 's actually what 's preventing a race to the top in terms of taxation . 
   i would tell you my ideology about the taxing system but that 'll be a story for another day . 
  ok , one day you 'll tell me that , i 'm actually interested in discussing those . 
  though it 's quite obvious that we have different views , you seem quite reasonable , it should be good . 
    unfortunately , like you wrote , most of the people thinks that their fair tax rate is 0 % . 
  if you get something from the government ( and we all do , we do n't live in an anarchy ) , then the tax rate ca n't be 0 % , it 's would n't be fair to not pay and to benefit from it . 
  what i said is that the optimal tax rate is the one that tends to 0 , but i was just referring to minimising costs , and this also quite simple to understand , for example , if you were depardieu and you could get the same benefits you get from the french state but in belgium for a much smaller tax rate , why would you not ? 
  of course that this can get skewed up quite easily , it 's all about the cost-benefit ratio and not simply the cost ( aka the tax rate ) . 
  that 's why it 's hard to determine an optimal tax rate , for example , the tax rates in a neighbouring country can be 5 or 10 percentage points lower but that state can have a worse justice system or a much lousier nhs and so you ca n't just look at the tax rate to determine what is best for a society . 
  again , i fail to see an incentive to a race to the bottom like you described . 
  sure , there 's an incentive to minimise costs like there is everywhere but there 's certainly not an incentive to get careless with public safety or the accessibility of healthcare or education , that 's why no matter how people might want to not pay taxes , there will always have to be some taxation , because people also always want some degree of these public goods and that costs money . 
   what i 'm trying to do , is showing that depardieu 's problem is n't the fact that it is socially unfair for him to pay 75 % income tax . 
  and i 'm trying to argue from his position . 
  he thinks that he has paid more than his fair share and that the government is getting careless and is going to recklessly spend more , and i get his position . 
  i 'd probably do the same if i had that kind of money and the government threatened to take that away from me and was openly hostile to people who had my level of income . 
  would n't you do the same ? 
  would n't you try to get away with not paying such massive taxes if you could ? 
  or would you agree to such an increase in your taxation when things were fine as they were previously and now you 'd have to pay much more but get no extra benefits ? 
   who decides what is fair ? 
  what is the fair tax rate for depardieu ?
