  lol , it 's funny because maddie had negligent parents who drugged her so they could go out and party and it 's still is n't proven that it was n't them the ones who killed her, 
   it means national governments are better . 
  how about going further than that , back to city-states ? 
  surely that 's the best form of government , no ? 
   less power , less potential for corruption gondomar , felgueiras and madeira beg to differ . 
   in a federal eu you will have constant transfers of wealth from the rich countries to the poor . 
  or you 'll have stricter rules that will avoid runaway deficits like the ones we have today . 
   different things . 
  same purpose . 
   it happened in the us and it will happen in a federalised europe too . 
  when the times comes , we 'll be ready to stop that . 
  just because governments may overreach does n't mean no government at all is any better . 
  as of now , we 'd be better united . 
  among other things , the free market is at stake . 
   i do n't really care how big the challenge is if the idea is dumb from the start . 
  they also said the free market and the ecsc was a dumb idea . 
   where is the uat2d who used to have an anarchist flag as avatar ? 
  it was only an avatar . 
  i also used to ( and still do ) have a dog as avatar and i do n't have a dog , in fact it 's the opposite , i currently have 5 cats but i never had any dogs . 
   centralization of power is the opposite of anarchy . 
  the only centralization of powers required is the one where we 're better together . 
  not brussels in charge of building roads or paying the firefighters , only when it 's regarding foreign affairs and in deepening the free market . 
  how are they different ? 
  they 're also federations with millions of people from different cultures with different languages and backgrounds . 
  you keep saying it will fail but the only failure is to not even try . 
  we 've already achieved so much together , do you really want to throw it all away because it 's challenging ? 
  come on snake , where are the hopes and dreams ? 
  why the severe lack of self-confidence and pessimistic view of the future ? 
   i 'm saying that representing 11 million people is already enough 11 million people here is already enough but 82 million for germany is also enough ? 
  and how can 502 million for the whole of europe be way too much while democracies like brazil manages with 190 million , the usa with 314 million or india with 1210 million ? 
  you think we would be stronger if we were all small countries like andorra , monaco and liechtenstein ? 
  that countries can only be successful if their rule over an homogeneous population ? 
  really , tugasnake ? 
  not really , they were both 100 years . 
  that 's like saying 100kg of iron is heavier than 100kg of cotton when they 're both 100kg . 
   100 miles 100 what ? 
   what about the population of portugal vs eu ? 
  they 're both the same ? 
  the same thing can be said about portugal itself ? 
  we 're almost 11 million , are we suggesting we break up the country because of that ? 
  even porto metropolitan area alone has over 1.5 million people , but what does it matter ? 
  nobody is asking for a fully centralized and unified state , people want integration only in the issues that matter and where we are stronger unified rather than everyone for himself . 
  call it federalism with a high degree of regionalism . 
  a single market , a single currency , a single border , a single military , a strong figure head to represent us out there that is accountable to every citizen . 
  these are just some examples where we 'd be best of if we were together . 
  the whole thing is not about evil europe wanting to oppress you but rather the member-states working towards a more unified europe which would benefit us all . 
  you 'd still vote on your local mayor , prime-minister and everything else , you 'd just have more say in europe as well . 
  i trust the guy in lisbon the same i trust the guy in brussels , but that 's irrelevant as the issues regarding only portugal would still be settled in lisbon , why would they mess with that ? 
  also , we 're both in porto , the guy in lisbon is over 300km away , how is that much better than the one in brussels ? 
  they 're both ~ 3h away . 
  and then you 'll wake up with your pants wet and inner sadness . 
   nearly all portuguese enjoy being portuguese i do n't know about that . 
   we mostly speak the same language i sometimes ca n't understand shit of what people say in madeira or azores . 
   share the same culture by that criteria , we could as well be spanish or brazilian . 
   our country is n't all that big it once was . 
  do n't tell me you support what [ this idiot ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijqxpwn9zjk ) did . 
   this is a natural union which has passed the test of time . 
  less than 40 years ago you had separatist movements in the azores , in madeira and in algarve , and you still have portuguese people in oliven\u00e7a , in the former colonies and all over the world , this union is hardly natural . 
   the eu on the other hand is made of people who do n't see themselves as eu citizens speak for yourself , i 'm just much portuguese as i am european . 
   who speak different languages , live in a much more vast geographical area and share less culture with other europeans than people within their own nation . 
  how is this an hindrance in the effort to bring peace , stability and prosperity to europe , if it 's a cause we all can back up ? 
   why wait when i can already sense the outcome ? 
  no , you do n't , you 're sensing fear of the unknown and are speculating about the future , predicting only the worst possible outcomes . 
   is n't it clear by now that there is an intent in uniting the finances of eurozone countries at the cost of national sovereignty ? 
  what about it ? 
  perhaps then there will be more intelligent people in the financial sector , perhaps we would n't be in this mess in the first place if there was a unified response to these problems . 
  does it really matter if the guy making choices is n't in lisbon but rather in brussels ? 
   they want further integration and they will likely get it without the consent of the people . 
  i also want further integration , and i 'm only willing to accept it if it 's done with the consent of the people . 
  otherwise it would be too painful , even with all the benefits . . 
  i 'd die if i had to listen to that speech all the fucking time . 
  just in case you 're being serious , please google the eu motto and post it here . 
  also , good to know you 're more worried about us than russia itself . 
  you 'd be surprised if you knew about what your country is doing in chechnya and georgia . 
  shamefur , commit seppuku , now !, 
   i hate both , i do n't want a federalised eu in any shape or form . 
  what about portuguese `` federalism '' ? 
  do you not want a unified portugal ? 
   it will become more evident as years go by . 
  when the day that they trample on national cultures comes , do go around hating on it . 
  while they even have on the motto `` united in diversity '' , do n't take what one asshole says seriously , specially when he 's not even associated with the eu . 
  his edit :  gee , you portuguese used to be smart and capable ... now look what trash we have here ... http://i.imgur.com/ujnep.jpg, 
  fuck off you russian asshole . 
   because most of those in the eu nod in agreement at what the asshole says . 
  [ citation needed ]  it 's clear by now that there is an interest in undermining national identity in favor of a european one , while turning the eu into the use . 
  use ? 
  should n't you be hating on a uesr ? 
  i 'm sorry snake , but that 's fear-mongering , and a quite pathetic one . 
  no , nobody in the eu is n't trying to homogenize the cultures . 
  just read the damn motto , it 's not even * e pluribus unum * , it 's * in varietate concordia * . 
   trying to compare the czech republic with germany xdd, 
  dude , if there 's an asshole in the un saying things about the eu , how is it the eu 's fault ? 
   eu = another soviet union yeah , fuck the eu with their collectivizations , famines , purges , gulags and nkvd . 
   priority is given to dialects and and indigenous minority languages . 
  it says so east of greenland and north of norway . 
  [ list of political parties in the united kingdom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_the_united_kingdom#defunct_far-right_and_fascist_parties ), 
  you should read hayek . 
  p ( p ( x ) ) = x, 
   let the euro-titanic sink . 
  then , a new economy may form with balanced and diverse currencies , with no unfair hegemonies and more fitting to a globalized market .
