  are you serious , maldrake ? 
  would you tell an unemployed person `` hey , stop whining and do some voluntary work '' ? 
  why would you ever want to limit their freedom in choosing their employment ? 
  why do you think 400 $ / month should be unlawful because it 's too low but non-remunerated work is just fine ? 
   to promote a minimum wage is to say that i want a reasonable amount of money paid to a low-skilled worker . 
  but that 's not what it achieves !, 
  what it achieves is the lower-skilled workers to be laid off and replaced by more qualified people , sure , people whose wages are worth 600 $ / month might not be too bothered with it but if someone 's labour is only worth 400 $ / month , that person will find it almost impossible to justify his wage and will most definitely end up without any kind of job !, 
   just because someone is willing to slave themselves off ( : toot : hyperbole : toot  , does n't mean they should . 
  the whole association with slavery is absolutely ridiculous , we 're talking about bilateral contracts , nobody is ever forced to accept any employment , in fact , between letting each individual separately reach an agreement or enforcing laws determining which wages are and are not allowed , it 's the second situation which requires coercion . 
  besides , who are you to say `` 600 $ / month is fine but 400 $ / month is unlawful '' and enforcing a law that will discriminate against the least qualified people ? 
  imagine that for whatever reason you had a lousy education and therefore had very low skills , and that for that reason , you could only find employment at best for 580 $ / month , what would happen to you if the government raised the minimum wage to 620 $ / month because , in their view , it would improve your living standard and pull you off `` slavery '' - like conditions ? 
  would you still support the minimum wage in that situation ? 
  because , as it stands , you do support this awful system whose objectives are noble but whose results are wholly negative !, 
   lower average wages , lower wages per worker sure , but only because more people with low skills would be employed . 
  the average income would rise , however , because you 'd go from a situation where it 's `` unemployed / 580 $ / 700 $ / 1200 $ '' to a situation of `` 420 $ / 580 $ / 700 $ / 1200 $ '' ( this in the short term , in the long term , all wages would increase because the lower the unemployment rate , the higher bargaining power the workers have and the higher wages they can justify ) . 
   social unrest how so ? 
  people pursuing their self-separate interests does n't create social unrest , what creates it is when the government tries to live their lives for them and dictate , in this case , what wages they 're allowed to receive or not . 
  on the long term , you 'd have lower unemployment ( specially among the people worse off ) , higher productivity and less need for government spending - and that would help in reducing social unrest . 
   these are not even the full package you 'll get . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're predicting the apocalypse but countries such as austria , germany , switzerland , denmark , sweden , norway and finland where there 's no government-mandated minimum wage are proof of the contrary . 
  sure , they have a lot of other things going for them but you ca n't dismiss the impact that less governmental intervention ( in this case , in the labour market ) has in their economy . 
   what is the difference between 3 guys getting 400 $ with moderate social support and 1 unemployed guy getting full social support to 4 guys getting 300 $ and high social support ? 
  you 're making the false assumption that the average income would go down without the minimum wage when it 's the opposite , the lower the unemployment rate , the higher wages go . 
  what you want to do is increase the worker 's bargaining power , when the unemployment rate is high , finding good replacement workers is easier for firms , while finding another job is harder for workers . 
  being in a weak bargaining position , workers may have no choice but to accept lower wages . 
  that 's why even in that case , it would be best to have everyone employed . 
  not to mention that someone , even while getting a relatively low paid job , is improving their skills , whereas if they were to be unemployed , they 'd be in a much worse situation . 
   well , better stats . 
  that 's it . 
  state pays the same , employer pays the same , no more money gets into the economy . 
  what about the results of their labour ? 
  imagine that , in your example , the minimum wage was of 400 $ , between the first three people all creating 420 $ each worth of goods or services into the economy or this plus the fourth guy also contributing with 380 $ worth of goods and services - we go from a situation where lowering or abolishing the minimum wage and allowed the fourth worker to be employed increase the overall output from 1260 $ to 1640 $ , that 's more goods and services being produced , more money for the employers to higher more people and pay higher wages and also lower unemployment reducing government expenses and increasing the living standards of everybody in the economy . 
  win , win , win . 
   * politicians . 
  * elected by the people . 
   google has 96 % market share in germany , more than anywhere else in the world . 
  no way they want to miss out on that . 
  those statistics can get skewed , for example , i use google.co.uk instead of google.pt, 
   why import wood , at all ? 
  why not ? 
   krugman , with whom i disagree on a number of issues , provided a simple explanation a few years ago ( note : substitute fed with ecb ) . 
  also see the diagrams here ( pdf ) . 
  we 're in a liquidity trap ? 
  are our interest rates too low ? 
  would an increase in the minimum wage help if we were ? 
  it also would not . 
   as for the foundation for economic education ( fee ) , whose video you referenced ( i 'm putting it here because others might want to see it too ) , they often serve dangerous cocktails . 
  and krugman which you just referenced does n't even know about opportunity costs , [ he said 11th of september was good for the economy ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2001/09/14/opinion/reckonings-after-the-horror.html ) , it 's the broken window fallacy all over again !, 
  though , if the first video on youtube is n't proper because of whatever , check the other ones also found on the frontpage for those who search `` minimum wage '' : [ does the minimum wage hurt workers ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct1moeaa-w8 ) [ john stossel - real world effects of minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0xvojiya-o ) [ milton friedman on minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ) [ the job-killing impact of minimum wage laws ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmmn3uiqmek ), 
   where did i write that again ? 
  it 's the argument krattr presented and that i 'm trying to deconstruct . 
   my point is that there is little difference . 
  but there is a difference , there is a loss in employment and it targets mostly the least skilled workers , to promote a minimum wage is to say you 're against the employment of these people . 
   you wo n't see a boom in employment if you abolish minimum wages . 
  you 're right , we would n't , overall it would be a quite small reduction in unemployment , though it would happen and it would benefit most those who are worst off . 
   the costs of abolishing it are not worth the little statistical decrease they 'll bring . 
  what do you mean with it 's not worth it ? 
  what exactly will be lost ? 
   besides we can agree that more employment = / = better economy , or then the good ol' soviet union would 've been a paradise . 
  are you saying employment is n't necessarily good for the economy ? 
  well , it is !, 
  with regards to the ussr , they did n't operate under a free market system , they did have low unemployment but it was n't necessarily a good allocation of their resources , it was centralised planning as opposed to separate individuals pursuing their own self-interests , no wonder they were so poor and still have so much to catch up to the western economies which have been freer for longer . 
   of course it does , for people with wages below or near the poverty line . 
  no , it does not . 
   it helps the fight against social exclusion by making it that much harder to employ these people ? 
   allowing their children to have a better future an higher income achieves that , but higher income is n't achieved by an higher minimum wage , it 's achieved by higher productivity . 
   it also closes loopholes , where employers are able to bend the legal framework to their advantage ( and to workers ' plight ) . 
  what loopholes ? 
  and the `` employers exploiting employees '' talk is ridiculous , employers always want to minimise costs just as much as employees want to increase wages , if you do want to increase the income of the average working people , you need to allow for them to increase their skills and to reduce the unemployment rate , and that 's achieved with better education and easier access to the labour market , not with restrictions on whom or how one can or can not employ somebody . 
   we 're not talking about people on $ 500 per month suddenly getting $ 1500 per month , thus making their employers unable to pay them . 
  no , we 're talking about people that for some reason ( most likely because they 're young and unqualified ) do n't justify an wage that happens to be below the minimum wage they 're trying to set into law and that will be left without a job because for the minimum wage , employers would rather employ somebody else more qualified . 
  in trying to help the people in the worst conditions , you just made it that much more difficult for them to find and held a job . 
  what you should do is instead remove the restrictions on the labour market so that employment would go down ( which would then allow for the workers to have more bargaining power and subsequently higher wages ) and that people who are worse off would more easily held an employment and improve their qualifications on the job ( though this can also be achieved with a better education system ) . 
   on average , it 's a small but significant increase . 
  which is a bad thing , the higher the minimum wage , the more people will be affected by it and will have an harder time finding a job . 
   these people will now have access to more products and services . 
  no , they will not , they 'll most definitely lose the jobs they already have - employers are n't charitable organisations , they need to make a profit to stay in business , they will either have to hire more qualified people that do justify an wage higher that the minimum one ( thus increasing unemployment for those who have less skills ) or they 'll be operating on a loss and have an harder time staying in business ( thus increasing overall unemployment on a long period of time ) . 
   the increased demand will help in creating more jobs . 
  increased demand comes with increased income which in turn comes from higher productivity , not out of any law such as the minimum wage . 
  i 'm sorry but to assume that restricting employment will ever increase employment is ludicrous . 
   no , because it 's not that simple , as others pointed out . 
  it 's an equation with multiple variables . 
  that 's like saying while we do know that f ( w ) = x + y + z , that you ca n't prove that y accounts into w because there are other variables . 
  the overall trend is clear , the higher the minimum wage , the more people affected by it and therefore more people end up unemployed . 
   there are so many variables at play , that assuming a correlation based in one of them is fundamentally flawed . 
  that 's so absolutely retarded , it 's mindboggling . 
  limiting employment conditions limits employment , you have to be an idiot that unemployment will ever be reduced by raising the minimum wage . 
   it is literally irrelevant , when compared with other data points ( like laws and taxation ) . 
  like laws ? 
  the minimum wage is a law and it fosters unemployment . 
  as for taxation , you 're right , but that does n't diminish the role of the minimum wage specially on younger groups or immigrants . 
   minimum wage is the proverbial drop in the ocean . 
  it is meaningless . 
  `` hey , why should we bother , it 's not like we have an unemployment rate of 16 % and of 39 % for people under 25 years ! '', 
   huh , nope . 
  we 're talking about the economy here , there 's no single variable that accounts for unemployment . 
  though it 's pretty clear that the minimum wage is definitely one of it , you have to ignore reality to think this is n't the case . 
   netherlands has the third highest minimum wage and is the second country with less youth unemployment . 
  italy , cyprus and macedonia have no minimum wage yet their youth unemployment rates are pretty high ( particularly in macedonia ) .
