    agriculture , the biggest share of the eu budget , escaped largely unharmed . 
  it was reduced from $ 386bn in the commission proposal to just over $ 378bn . 
    its staunchest defender , france , has argued that the commission proposal already reflected a reduction , and so should not be adjusted further . 
    the eu 's administrative budget , which covers salaries , pensions and other perks for civil servants , `` will have to be revised downward '' , the cypriots said , but did not yet provide figures . 
    the long-term budget negotiation is traditionally one of the eu 's most contentious tasks . 
  the current exercise is proving to be even more difficult because of the sharp divisions between net-contributors and net-recipients opened by the economic crisis . 
    david cameron , the uk prime minister , has argued that it is unacceptable to expect national governments to increase eu spending while they are forcing austerity cuts on their own citizens . 
  he has won support -- to varying degrees -- from a group of wealthy northern and western european member states . 
    at the same time , poland and the new member states -- with support from the commission and the european parliament -- have defended eu spending as a way to stimulate much-needed growth . 
    the commission has tried to fashion its own proposal , emphasising its many growth-enhancing features -- often to critics ' dismay . 
  one of its prized initiatives was a `` connecting europe '' facility to fund cross-border infrastructure projects , such as roads and gas pipelines . 
  the cypriots cut it from $ 40bn to $ 36bn , with at least $ 7bn coming from cohesion funds . 
  portugal is also often said to be one of the most religious countries in europe , and while i wo n't say we 're less religious that most countries in europe , it 's also not an issue here . 
  [ certainly not something harmful to economic growth . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%a1tima,_portugal#economy ) check the following pages to see what i mean when i say religion is n't an issue :  [ religion in portugal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_portugal )   [ abortion referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_abortion_referendum,_2007 ), 
  i 'd bet on both those countries to have good economic growth but if i had to choose , i 'd never favour one over the other simply because one is slightly more irreligious than the other . 
  and unless you think poland is in danger of being seized by zealots , i think you also should n't make such a big deal out of this as in both societies religion just is n't an issue . 
  their tax rates , their employment rates , their justice system , the efficiency of their bureaucracy , the education of their population , the stability of their government , the presence or not of internal conflicts , etc - these are all much more important factors in determining a country 's economic growth than if it 's was 5 % or 35 % of the population that answered they were n't religious when asked about it . 
  nah , i mean , everything matters , but unless you 're talking about a highly fundamentalist country , it 's mostly irrelevant . 
  i mean , tell me , how the productivity of a guy differs that much if one spends some of his free time in church rather than doing something else like watching tv ? 
   funny how you get downvoted for making a fair point i made my post after midnight , by that time europe is asleep and all the americans that wander here must have read my post and probably confused me with some texan religious fundamentalist or some other kind of religious nutjob , no wonder i got downvoted . 
  but that 's my own fault , by now i ought to know that posting on r/europe at night is like posting elsewhere on reddit at any given time , the place is filled with americans and they associate everything with just their reality - obviously if i do n't hate on religion or if i support a free market , their knowledge of their republican party and their lack of knowledge of how things work on the rest of the world gets me associated with those idiots they have there and i get some grief as consequence . 
  edit : at the time i made this post , my original post was at -5 . 
  what 's so funny about those retarded trollfaces ? 
  at least present a different image like [ this trollface ] ( http://i.imgur.com/okxue.jpg ) , because that one has been the same since 2007 or 2006 . 
   if spain would dissolve itself in its constituent nations it would be easier to have an iberic council and if we all worked together and loved one another , we 'd all be friends and live in peace . 
  and this is all never going to happen . 
  the most you could do in terms of promoting efficiency in these terms would be to allow for greater regionalism and direct democracy , and perhaps work more with [ nuts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nomenclature_of_territorial_units_for_statistics ) , but even so , i doubt this would be feasible . 
  regardless , breaking up and joining up states for the purpose of balancing the power of the member-states just is n't ever going to happen . 
  yugoslavia was a state formed like that , and we all know how that ended up . 
  you do n't need pretty borders and states which all have the same population and/or wealth to have a properly run union , you just need democracy and letting people decide what 's best for themselves . 
  and if malta disagrees with germany or germany disagrees with malta on some issue , let them go their separate ways , no need to force anything on anyone , everyone is responsible for the choices their do . 
  sure r/atheism is here . 
  yes , religion is stupid , but no , it 's not that related to economic growth . 
  sure , fundamentalists may be retarded and , among other things , destabilize society and drive away investment and , but it 's not even comparable to most other factors . 
  now everybody in the developed world is becoming less and less religious but if you look back some 30 years , you 'll see that the most non-religious ( aka the commies ) were the ones who were the most undeveloped while the mildly religious were the most successful ( usa , western europe and japan ) . 
  it 's not that related , because a guy goes to church on weekends and believes he 'll go to heaven if he plays nice , that does n't make him less productive than some other guy who does n't do any of that . 
   ( places that legalise abortion tend to see a sharp decline in youth crime exactly 17-18 years later ) . 
  i can find the sources if you want . 
  yeah , i also read [ freakonomics ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zk6goeggviw ) . 
   no ` god ' in the way helps a lot , imho . 
  i do n't get this bit . 
  you 're saying they 'll develop faster economically because they 're societies who are for the most part non-religious ? 
   if your definition of e.europe is geographical , then the baltic 's are part of northern europe . 
  like i said , estonia being a northern country does n't exclude it from being an eastern country . 
   [ northeast or north east is the ordinal direction halfway between north and east . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/northeast ), 
   when i was expressing them politely and trying to create discussion , i got simply mass-downvoted and banned . 
  i 've been an asshole myself quite a few times now , sometimes being outright impolite and just starting shit where there 's nothing to discuss , and was never mass-downvoted and banned like you say . 
  yeah , it 's normal for people to not like it when others sound hateful but , at least here , they do n't react like that . 
   what 's the use in embedding links & articles to posts , building arguments and using coherent grammar when you are as default treated like troll shit simply for having a stance that is impossible to argue against because it is the correct one ( but not politically correct one ) , measuring by personal-insults-to-counter-arguments ratio ? 
  again , i am also often part of the minority in terms of opinion ( and sometimes just argue controversial positions which i do not agree with for the hell of it , because i enjoy going against the wave , i dunno ) and never was i insulted and downvoted like that . 
  there are as always some random assholes who might do just that , but that 's perspective , from their point of view , we 're the ones who 're being assholes . 
   thus i really started acting like troll shit . 
  you get what you order . 
  after finding this subreddit and how it handles people who disagree with multiculturalism , i 've just gotten more extreme . 
  good job , everyone . 
  if you 're serious , then you 're acting like a spoiled baby who needs to make a big scene and start drama simply because most of the people disagree with him . 
  get over it and do n't blame others for your actions , that 's silly . 
  if you 're not serious , then i wasted a couple of minutes making this reply , so i guess you win . 
  though i do n't really put much value on my time , so it 's not like i care that much - if i really did value my time , i would n't be wasting it here in the first place . 
   agree to disagree . 
  this is going nowhere . 
  against facts there are no arguments . 
  nope , but [ eu3 can be even worse than that ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gquia.jpg ) . 
   at least in syria you can get your money 's worth . 
  if by getting your money 's worth you mean risking to have a leg blown off just to provide medical supplies , then syria is a safe place to invest . 
   in greece , they 'll steal your money & you 'll get nothing . 
  while i wo n't say it 's currently safe place to invest , no , they wo n't steal your money . 
  czech republic , slovakia and slovenia are almost there , these will be very soon comparable to western europe . 
  estonia , latvia and lithuania , these have a longer way to go but they 're doing great and are very fast catching up . 
  i still do n't know if you 're just trolling or you 're an actual guy who thinks we 're being invaded by muslims . 
  i think it 's the former because if you were serious about your immigration policy views , you 'd at least try to not sound like a douchebag when expressing them . 
  is this 9gag ? 
  saying that estonia , one of the easternmost countries of europe , is n't part of eastern europe is like saying portugal , the westernmost country of europe , is n't part of western europe . 
  on , and just so you know , there are more than just four cardinal points . 
  estonia being a northern country does n't exclude it from being an eastern country . 
  [ my map is the most colourful one . 
  i have always found the idea of capeverdean accesion interesting , and i 'm not sure i 'd be against it . 
  if it was n't for the soviets funding the militias and , after the revolution of 1974 , m\u00e1rio soares giving the territories away , cape verde would still be portuguese and , by consequence , now in the eu like the azores or madeira . 
  obviously that did n't happen like that and despite cape verde being uninhabited before the portuguese colonization , all [ the portuguese moved back to portugal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retornados#the_retornados ) after its independence and the islands became abandoned to the militias . 
  and even so , iirc , more than 50 % of all cape verdeans live in portugal rather than in cape verde . 
  so while we now would n't deny their independence or anything like that and they technically should be able to join the eu , it goes to show how ridiculous the post-revolution process of giving away independence to any goon with ussr funding was . 
  cyprus is in asia and they 're in the eu . 
  the difference between canada and cyprus is that canada is an whole ocean away rather than a sea . 
   about the states it 's hard to change the borders in some places because of historic matters , while it would be `` easy '' to change countries like germany and austria , you ca n't expect a peaceful change between portugal and spain for example , nor can you expect malta to accept ceasing to exist . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen ever . 
   greece considered more risky to invest than syria ahahahahahahahaha, 
   i 'm curious , what kind of eu does the uk want ? 
  [ this one . 
   ( apparently all those hours playing ck2 , eu3 and v2 were worth something ) http://i.imgur.com/yevxm.jpg, 
  unlike what the gif shows , portugal was never incorporated in castile/spain during the dynastic union . 
  it 's silly how these maps often mistakenly show otherwise . 
  really , would a country like portugal which at the time had an immense empire suddenly disappear and 60 years later reappear unscathed out of thin air ? 
  it 's still retarded . 
   and i doubt so deeply it 's worth it . 
  [ you 're right . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84awtseb2-4 ), 
  i have some friends from university on the opposite situation , they were born abroad ( mostly in france and switzerland ) and lived there till they were 5 or 6 years old and then moved back to portugal with their families . 
  and then you have people like me , whose parents were born in portuguese africa but after the colonial war and the fall of the regime , they returned to mainland portugal and have been here ever since .
