   their understanding of austerity consists simply of right-wing borderline ** fascist ** policies . 
  get out . 
   the french elite is very elitist are you serious ? 
  stop the wasting of money and pay off the debts we already have , as more debt right now would be awful for the economy , the interest is too high as it is . 
  basically , cut all the spending that is n't strictly necessary and let the free market grow on its own . 
  this means bailouts and increased public spending are not an option . 
  while austerity is n't exactly the most popular way out , it 's the safest and most reliable way of dealing with this issue . 
  the hardest part is now behind us , we just need to make sure we continue to reduce the debt back to acceptable levels and do n't go back to the old ways of reckless spending to please the voters and have the next guy in power being the one being responsible for paying the bill . 
  nice try , r/communism . 
  this reddit is about europe , not the us . 
  in other news , corporations are evil . 
  upvotes please . 
  oh right , sorry , europe is n't sleeping at the moment . 
  sasp777 , the only reason such a biased topic was so upvoted was because it was posted when it was 01am in gmt time , when europe is sleeping and americans go around upvoting anything as if the politics in the eu were similar to those in the us . 
  you 1 . ca n't 1 . even 1 . make 1 . a 1 . list 1 . right 1 . lel, 
   and i 'd like to correct you , southern europe is a sinking ship , our economy up here is doing fine now you 're generalizing . 
  we 're not going to crash and burn , we 'll do what 's needed to get out of this problem as we 're just as determined in making this european project as success as you do . 
  do n't think for a second that because some of us whine and moan while we address some of our issues that we 're going to sink . 
  besides , if we were going to sink , you certainly would n't put so much on the line . 
  if we fail , the whole eu fails , hard . 
  nobody here wants that . 
  this whole thread is completely unrelated to europe . 
  even the comments here are filled with `` american media '' , `` like fox '' and `` u.s. politicians '' . 
  i 'm sure this is a very interesting topic but it does n't belong here . 
  in that case , bankers are the wrong target . 
  the money they do is laughable when compared to the one football players or famous singers and actresses make . 
  but , in any case , it 's not my job to judge what others earn or do n't earn , or is it ? 
  as long as what they do is lawful and is n't harmful to others , i 'm not really concerned with their income . 
   if there was a way to keep the idea of investing without attaching it to private individuals who just want to maximise their private profit , we 'd have the best of both worlds . 
  that 's kind of difficult to achieve , is n't it ? 
  if people earn their money , it 's theirs to do what they choose , you ca n't force people to spend . 
  sure , you can tax them and that 's already done , but what do you mean with this being the solution for all problems , to prevent people from keeping their money and forcing it to be in circulation ? 
   in the short term , we need more international cooperation to combat tax avoidance and generally the race to the bottom . 
  then , tax the capital . 
  with this i agree . 
  anything different would be fraud . 
   in the medium term , a redisign of the concept of currency might be beneficial : in my mind that would involve a system that makes it hard or impossible to hoard . 
  with this i disagree . 
  first i do n't understand how you can force the capital to keep flowing or how you can enforce a `` no hoarding '' rule . 
  second , it would infringe on the rights of those who earned their money that would n't be allowed to keep it . 
  thirdly , i do n't really know what this would achieve . 
  i 'm not sure i understand ... 
  sure , capitalism has flaws , i 'm sure we all agree with that . 
  but what other choice do we have ? 
  what other economic system do you propose ? 
  communism ? 
  workers occupying the factories , the bourgeois kicked out ? 
  the proletariat living in peace and harmony without the man keeping him down ? 
  stop taking potshots at our system and hinting at change , if you have a better alternative , present it already . 
  we will ? 
  and not all bankers are greedy fucks . 
  and even if some are , why the hate ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are `` worthless greedy takers who do n't produce anything , and take everything '' everywhere in life , not just in financial institutions . 
  sorry to play the devil 's advocate here but i do n't want r/europe to turn into a circlejerk against the evil bankers . 
  the lack of data and all the upvotes a simple `` all x are bad '' post are getting is what 's bothering me here . 
   if they did n't give it to greece , they 'd give it to someone else , who would probably find it equally difficult to pay back . 
  so they should n't have loaned any money in the first place ? 
   i must confess uat2d 's ideas are so right-wing it boils my insides . 
  hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!, 
  austerity cuts do n't exactly lead to decreased wages . 
  and even when the austerity affects public sector wages , that 's a small price to pay for the reduction of the debt , on the long run , it 's more harmful to continue getting more and more debts , as that 's exactly the problem in the first place , the policies of increasing spending so the economy grows accordingly just delay the problem , and this is specially relevant because the debt you need to take has interest ( and the more debt , the higher the interest ) and that much of this spending does n't prove to be a viable investment ( for example , you invest x in public sector wages but only a percentage of that remains in the economy , a considerable part of it might instead go abroad , as the consumers might buy imported goods - this would mean you 're getting into debt and are instead helping other economies grow other than your own ) . 
  in short , this is a complicated issue and some austerity measures might be very unpopular because nobody wants to see possible income disappear but on the long run , it 's the most viable solution . 
   bankers are worthless greedy takers who do n't produce anything , and take everything . 
  damn , such a generalization . 
  you could replace * bankers * with * people * and your sentence would make just as much sense . 
  heck , if instead of * bankers * , you 'd said * jews * , your post would look a lot like , well , you know . . 
  austerity is n't about improving the economy , it 's about reducing the spending . 
  you had excessive spending , cutting back on it wo n't lead to a recession , it will just avoid the problem of getting even worse on the long run as without that spending , you at least stop accumulating debt . 
  if free markets are n't the solution , what is ? 
  are you implying that freedom of choice is bad ? 
  nah , it makes it lose impact . 
  what 's the fun in calling someone gay if they reply with `` i love you '' ? 
  this is n't r/adviceanimals, 
  thanks , i could n't understand any of that gibberish and google translator is hardly any help . 
   -1 points 1 hour ago ( 0 | 2 ) ahah , i upvoted you when even you downvote yourself . 
  http://85.14.28.164/d/images/slideshows/0000025775.jpg sweet !, 
  free meals and free drinks !, 
  give back palestine !, 
  you do n't ? 
  yes , and i agree with that , let people think for themselves and allow them to believe or not believe whatever they want to , like in any secular society . 
  the point i was trying to make is that by persecuting religious people and enforcing atheism , like the communists did with the excuse that they were crushing down on the opiate of the masses , that kinda beats the purpose , it 's not that different from what happens in a theocracy , where people are persecuted because of their different beliefs . 
  i mean , i just do n't agree with those hypocrites that say they support freedom of choice but only if people choose the right thing . 
  like when religious people say `` everyone has a right to choose what to believe in '' but then harass those who decide to not believe in a god or when the exact opposite happens , when it 's the atheists harassing those who believe in a god . 
  to redeem yourself , post some `` little britain '' as well . 
  who goes around looking very closely to merkel 's clothing ? 
  this is very creepy . . 
  portugal here , do n't take the survey seriously , most people say they 're religious not because they actually believe in a god but rather because their parents were religious or because they were baptised as children . 
  people who go to church regularly here are a minority , i do n't remember the actual figures but , iirc , it was something around the 20 % . 
  besides , you ca n't really say we 're a very religious country with abortion legalized by referendum . 
  and we also have other things that go against the church 's teachings like gay marriage , for example , and nobody complains about those . 
  tl ; dr - portugal is only very religious on paper, 
  dude , if communism is the price to pay for making people atheist , i 'll praise the gods that we were never under a brutal communist regime . 
  there , i said it , an atheistic society seems much worse than a secular society , enforcing atheism would just make you as narrowminded as the religious bigots that atheists are always criticizing . 
  i felt dirty upvoting a ( 1 | 22 ) post :\\ to the haters : yolo !, 
  shhh , do n't ruin it for us !, 
   you are always met with hostility what are you talking about ? 
  i always upvote him !, 
  but religion is bad !, 
  upvotes please =d, 
  [ so much hatred ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2rbdocj2gg ) : o,
