  and even if these words had a meaningful impact ( which i highly doubt they do ) , then fuck it anyways , they 're being irrational , on the long term they 're the ones who 'll lose the most . 
  dude , claiming cyprus is a money laundering centre and saying the eu was stupid to get them in is like the most turkish-nationalistic thing you can say . 
  just look at what they 're told back there : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/hardtalk/9701480.stm, 
  and so i guess the best way to prevent that is to occupy half of the island militarily , no ? 
  the ottoman empire is gone , dude , leave the imperialism and nationalism of the past , what good comes from occupying cyprus against the will of its people ? 
   i know it seems like i support the trnc a lot you think so ? 
  i 'd go as far as to say you 're actually turkish and are acting out of nationalism , though i could be wrong . 
  nevertheless , military occupation of northern cyprus and the inability of turkey of recognizing the sovereignty of cyprus makes them quite unpopular , please do n't spread turkish propaganda . 
  bah , come on , sure , it sounds incredibly demeaning and it 's like they 're trying to cause offense but it 's just words , going full retard mode like golden dawn is what would be ludicrous . 
  nah , it 's not dangerous to use acronyms like piigs at all , what , would anyone ever threaten violence ? 
  xd sure , if you use them you 'll sound like an asshole and a lot of people might ignore it because of the unfortunate choice of words , but getting mad because of it is just silly . 
  tl ; dr : if [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vhfjq.jpg ) gets you mad , lighten up dude . 
  did they won the elections or are they the main opposition party ? 
  if no , they are no longer relevant . 
  who comes first is a bit irrelevant in this case , if southern europe hypothetically came crashing down , everyone would follow , though not as severely , but it would still be painful everywhere . 
  besides , we 're in this together , are n't we ? 
  standing up for southern europoor lol poortugal pay your debts, 
  kebab was removed from the premises, 
  78 what ? 
  northern cyprus is only recognized by turkey . 
  they would be annexing part of cyprus as far as the rest of the world is concerned . 
  i 'm sure it 's just a dick waving competition , they 'd accomplish nothing by doing that , they 'd only antagonize themselves in the process . 
   i really can not think of much more . 
  [ objectives of the eu ] ( http://en.euabc.com/word/743 )  my vote in slovak parliament has much more voting power than my vote in european parliament . 
  simply because the number of voters is much less . 
  if that 's the only reason why you support slovakia more than you support the eu , then i suppose you also propose the breaking up of slovakia into [ 8 regions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/regions_of_slovakia ) independent from each other . 
  even better , how about [ 79 districts ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/districts_of_slovakia ) , all of them fully independent ? 
  surely then your voting power would be much stronger than it is right now , right ? 
   its not irrational . 
  centralisation always brings in higher threat of abuse of power , and politicians that try to appease very different groups of people , effectively satisfying noone . 
  that 's only if you give them full power . 
  the only power they need is the one that 's relevant to the whole unions , they 'd still be left far away from local government and would still have to answer to the leaders of each member-state . 
  please do n't confuse further union with an autocracy , it 's ridiculous . 
   more power to the states could be a bad thing there only because some of them have a lot of backwards religious conservatives . 
  previously you said you wanted your vote to matter much more ... 
  i 'm going to play the devil 's advocate here and ask you if you only support democratic choice when you agree with what the polls show . 
  because that 's not really supporting democracy , that 's supporting only your own opinions and then legitimizing it with the popular vote . 
  wording things differently , for example , if slovakia was a backward religious conservative country and the rest of the eu was n't , would you support the eu because you think it would try to suppress the slovak public opinion which was different from yours ? 
   we have no such thing here , so there is no problem with being decentralised . 
  the whole issue is n't about there being problems with being decentralized , we 've always been independent from each other and we came out fine , those who did n't die along the way , that is . 
  it 's that united , we 're much stronger . 
  for example , would russia have such an influence there if the eu was united ? 
   i do n't think small states like greece and portugal will consent to being ruled by big states like germany portugal is less than 4 times smaller than germany , greece less than 3 times . 
  also , merkel as a democratically leader of europe would probably be better for us than most of our democratically elected leaders in the past . 
   there is not much matters that need to be relevant to the whole eu . 
  why should further centralisation be desirable ? 
  how would it benefit us ? 
  you said it yourself , there are matters which are relevant to us all and it would benefit us if we tackle them together . 
  the question here is why not ? 
  are you afraid of your fellow europeans who are nothing but problems ? 
  boo , we 're out to get you !, 
  xd  by local governments i mean national governments . 
   what is the goal of centralisation if not transferring some competences from local national governments to the eu ? 
  first off , national government is n't the same as national governments . 
  secondly , what 's wrong with that ? 
  you 're ok with sending politicians to bratislava but if they go to brussels then it 's suddenly wrong ? 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
   such as ? 
  the shape of bananas ? 
  outlawing stem cell research for the whole continent ? 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqvjeznyizo  if there are really such matters , then we can make dedicated international agency for it - like esa . 
  no need to make a federation . 
  `` no need '' , `` no need '' , `` no need '' . 
  you what there is also no need of ? 
  your irrational fear of europe . 
   currency can only be longterm stable and beneficial for all if the areas sharing it are not very economically diverse . 
  minimal wage in france is 1558 e per month . 
  minimum wage here is 317 e , and 1558 e is upper middle class . 
  minimum wage is n't the same as average wage and the nominal purchasing power is n't the same as the real purchasing power . 
  also , the usa also has those issues and somehow they keep using the dollar . 
  in their case it 's even worse as we do n't tend to inflate the euro to pay off debts . 
   nope , because eu politicians are also controlled by people in other countries . 
  what did you expect , only people from the x country to rule over the matters that are relevant to the whole eu ? 
   further integration means sacrificing some competences of the local government to the eu government . 
  local government wo n't be more sacrificed to the eu government than it already is to the national one . 
  what makes you say that ? 
   why cant we just be independent states , but with open borders ? 
  because there are aspects where it would be best if were acted together . 
  it just makes things harder for all of us if we try to tackle the same problem in 27 or more different ways . 
   at most we can have 3 currencies - western euro , eastern euro and southern euro . 
  and how about an euro for every state which is to say no euro at all ? 
  better yet , an euro for every city , that would surely stabilize our currency . 
  nope , not really . 
   turkey wo n't join the eu any time soon , if ever . 
  true . 
   turkey wo n't give up northern cyprus anytime soon , if ever . 
  they might and will with some persuasion . 
  it 's not like they benefit a lot from the current situation . 
  it 's also possible with coercion , but i 'm sure none of the parts involved want it to come to that , the status quo seems to be a better option than that . 
   25000 tanks roaming up to the portugal it does n't even make any sense : s, 
  people have as much control over the bureaucrats they elected and are in the capital of their own country than the bureaucrats they elected and are in the capital of the eu . 
  i personally live ~ 3h away by car from lisbon and ~ 3h away by plane from brussels , and i trust them both equally . 
  also , further integration is not related to local government . 
  that video was great , there 's plenty of opposition parties that are just that - never any effort to reach compromise , just constant `` no '' . 
  though we should never discard the national one , that would be pointless and fruitless . 
  most of the people here seem to , at least i certainly do . 
  the fuck is going on at 0:48 ? 
  portugal has been out of india for some time now . 
  also , if you want to know about a country , do n't ask those who live in it , it 's biased as fuck . 
  here , cosmo klein showing porto : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ho8o9qs4ac,
