  nowhere in this it says `` in a free market you can steal and you can pollute your neighbour 's garden whereas in a regulated market these are against the law '' , silly . 
   aaaand return to ideology . . 
  so i 'm an ideologue because i know how best to spend my money ? 
   are there jobs there it 's this , if you have a degree and you go there you 'll definitely get a job and chances are it will be much more well paid than anything you 'll get here . 
  though i 'm still told that if we go to angola , we should avoid luanda , that the rest of the country is much nicer and safer and that it 's actually worth it to go there to work . 
   you will hear many portuguese claim that they earn lots of money , that they have excellent jobs and that they are the bosses of the place where they work . 
  to this i tell you `` this is all false '' as i personally never heard anyone saying this . 
  what people do tell me is that out there , if people want to work , they have to work really really hard , that there 's always the opportunity for success but that it can be very very difficult . 
  your advice is still very good , though , thanks   i do n't want you guys to become one of those immigrants that drives a crappy audi , listens to tony carreira and goes to portugal each summer to claim that they are earning millions a year , while in fact they are washing dishes at a restaurant . 
  ahaha , we know them all too well for that !, 
   languages can be learned . 
  `` bohoo i ca n't move because i would have to learn another language '' is a terrible argument hey obraka , could you teach me how to swear in german ? 
   that 's like saying socialism is in no way related to totalitarian communist states . 
  no because socialism leads to ever increasing government control ( totalitarianism ) while neoliberalism leads to ever decreasing government control ( a free society ) . 
  sure , a strong economy with a big government can lead to a police state as it happened here though that 's not a free market society , it 's one where businesses lobby the government for protection from competitors both domestic and abroad , it 's one which does n't rely on the people choosing for themselves but one which the state decided who should be protected at the expense of society . 
  self-serving bullshit . 
  to reduce taxation and to make the government more efficient , is n't that a noble objective ? 
  i 'd say it 's much more noble than say `` let 's tax those who work and give it to x industry or y labour union '' , though you might disagree . 
   yeah , profitting from drug trafficking , tax evasion and other crimes sure pays . . not sure how it relates to liberalism . 
  yeah , the average swiss is a crook . 
  lol  this is exactly where the free market fails . 
  the way profits can be extracted while causing massive damage at teh cost of the public exactly pushes the economy towards destruction in even the mildest form of `` free market '' . 
  no , you 're wrong , it 's not a free market if i can benefit at your expense ( like when i pollute the river that goes through your town ) just like it is n't a free market if i benefit at your expense ( like when i break into your house and steal your laptop ) . 
  you 're confusing a free market with externalities ( as what happens when you do n't set environmental standards ) or with theft . 
   this is exactly why it does n't work . 
  people are no rational actors . 
  to ever suppose that was just as ridiculous as neoliberalism . 
  if you 're not rational , it 's your damn fault , i am . 
  certainly much more rational in deciding what 's best for my than any government . 
   that 's a ridiculous statement with centuries of evidence against it . 
  present me one example where there were famines on a free market system in which state intervention could have solved it . 
   in fact , it was the argument that stopped the government getting involved in ireland 's famine in the 1800s . 
  what ? 
  the irish famine came about the potato blight and the government intervention that did not allow those potatoes to be sold in ireland but rather kept exporting those . 
   cecil woodham-smith , an authority on the irish famine , wrote in the great hunger : ireland 1845-1849 that no issue has provoked so much anger and embittered relations between england and ireland as `` the indisputable fact that huge quantities of food were exported from ireland to england throughout the period when the people of ireland were dying of starvation . '', 
  ireland remained a net exporter of food throughout most of the five-year famine . 
    [ link ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_%28ireland%29#government_response ) so do n't fucking blame it as a failure of the free market as if they were free to do as they saw fit , they 'd all have sold their products in ireland . 
  this was a clear failure by the english , had they allowed the market to operate freely , all of that would have been sold in ireland and the famine would have been avoided . 
  even on the next paragraph it says that `` christine kinealy writes that irish exports of calves , livestock ( except pigs ) , bacon and ham actually increased during the famine '' , so yeah , the central planning of the english deciding what should be produced and where it should be sold as opposed to allowing the people to decide for themselves lead to this . 
  but that was also the case with the [ corn laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corn_laws ) which were abolished shortly thereafter , so yeah , they learned their lesson back then , unfortunately it was too late for hundreds of thousands but the following centuries in britain were of prosperity . 
   you still keep insisting that we should tax to get through the slump . 
  we should tax to get through the slump ? 
  where did i say that ? 
   no , the government should borrow while the interest rates are low to invest in infrastructure and tax when the recovery comes . 
  invest in infrastructure ? 
  what infrastructure do you need ? 
  no , at least here , the government should not borrow , spend the lest it can and allow for the recovery to come with a reduction in taxes . 
   government debt is not like personal debt , if it 's in control of the currency . 
  yeah , i know , though my government debt is over 100 % of our gdp and our central bank is in frankfurt . 
   sure , people can lose out from inflation . 
  but not if they have a lot of debt themselves . 
  but the clear majority of the debt is in the public sector . 
  they were the ones with the foolish fiscal policies who spent what they did n't have and now ca n't tax to pay the bills . 
   we wo n't get out of this deficit down sprial by cutting everything which our modern state relies on to function . 
  no , but we will if we cut the government waste and by allowing businesses to operate much more freely . 
   i think we take our wealth , like our freedoms to much for granted and have forgotten how a clean environment does n't matter when your a poor sod rotting away in poverty . 
  the problem is n't even the environmental regulation as there is indeed a room for government in this , they need to prevent negative externalities like when a factory pollutes the nearby environment at the cost of society instead of paying some more money and reducing pollution the problem are those that think all our problems will be solved if we only have faith and believe in the government , as they 'll know what to do and we 'll all be better off if they decide for us what should be done . 
  [ this kind of people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0mrgpwx.jpg ) . 
   everytime you disagree with a socialist they bring up the `` oh , do you want europe to be like america then ?! '', 
  line ... that or somalia , as if we were arguing for either corporativism or anarchy . 
  when i mention the perfect example switzerland or some others not that good but still great examples like chile , panama or hong kong , they come back at me with stuff like `` muh evil corporations '' or `` you want to be like somalia lol '' as if things were even comparable . 
   the ones with a remote chance of ruling do . 
  nonsense , neoliberalism is in no way related to a military or police state . 
   activist grover norquist is a well-known proponent of the strategy and has famously said , `` my goal is to cut government in half in twenty-five years , to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub . '', 
  grover norquist has a noble goal but is going about the wrong way of achieving it . 
  much like the people he so often criticises . 
   me me me me me me me . 
  i work hard for my money . 
  i do n't mind being taxed to make this state work -- what i mind is exactly the kind of stacked deck your `` free market '' policies effect . 
  i also do n't mind being taxed if the money is wisely spend in public goods and services the free market ca n't provide such as a police system , courts and justice , roads and so forth . 
  but that 's not what we 're discussing here , roodammy44 was talking about social benefits . 
  and as for income , the best way to provide it is to allow the free market to operate , not to tax some and give it to others . 
   so much for the ideology . 
  the reality is big companies , collusion and patents . 
  nonsense , that 's corporativism , it 's the outcome of business lobbying big government . 
  again , look at switzerland , are they in a bad spot ? 
   environmental destruction . 
  you heard of it ? 
  global warming , acidification of the oceans . 
  yeah , i know about that . 
   all driven by that stupid growth fetishism and by economic policies privatizing the gains from environmental destruction while the public has to pay for the losses . 
  nonsense , that came about the technological progress ( and some of its associated costs ) and from businesses externalising their costs . 
  though you 're right in that it 's quite harmful for all of us , we should minimise the damages by properly testing new technology and enforce the rules of a free market so that society does n't have to pay for the pollution of some . 
   has someone been upsetting you lately ? 
  your post makes it seem like you 're very angry at someone and directing this anger at random people on the internet . 
    i remember upvoting you many times , so you must have had a bad change in your mood lately . 
  please , for your own good , take a good nap , maybe go for a walk . 
  stress is very bad for your health . 
  it can harm your bones , immune system , and even drive you into diabetes . 
  i 'm not even mad but thanks for caring about me . 
  no , i 'm perfectly fine , i 'm just telling you that it 's very foolish to believe socialism is a better alternative to a free market system . 
   they obviously agree with the police state and military and prisons . 
  they do ? 
   all the `` drowning the beast '' is just a code for pressing as much out of the state as possible while decrying its ineffectiveness . 
  [ drowning the beast ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/starve_the_beast ) ? 
   `` starving the beast '' is a political strategy employed by american conservatives in order to limit government spending by cutting taxes in order to deprive the government of revenue in a deliberate effort to force the federal government to reduce spending . 
  the short and medium term effect of the strategy has increased united states public debt rather than reduce spending . 
  this is quite stupid , if they want to reduce government , they should cut spending , not cut taxes without cutting spending as that will only lead to higher debt and consequently higher taxes in the future . 
   the invisible hand of the market will save us all . 
  the invisible hand only works for those who work .
