  let 's fix that , let 's keep government spending and taxation at a minimum and allow the economy to flourish again without the severe restriction imposed on it by the governmental authorities . 
   inflation is essential in the adjustment of prices and wages during economic cycles and attempts to contain inflation between arbitrary values , despite the existence of attenuating considerations , is fairly short sighted . 
  it 's essentially a trade-off between the speed of adjustment and price stability , when not taken to the extreme . 
  inflation is caused by the printing of money , to think that our problems would be fixed if we turned the printing presses on , that 's what 's short-sighted . 
  sure , you could use monetary policy - expand the money supply , drive interest rates down and increase the gdp by allowing for more investment and consumption , i mean , it 's would be only some inflation , right ? 
  but would it actually solve the root of our problems ? 
  or would it just be delaying them further into the future while pretending everything was solved ? 
  because it seems to me you are n't solving anything , because they 're trying just that in the usa and they do n't seem to be improving whereas we in europe and going through harder times now but are keeping our currency valuable and not taxing everybody all at once and destroying savings like the americans do whenever they print more dollars . 
   now , this is not to say that building roads in the periphery would be wise , but she does have a point in that stimulus is required to smooth the current account imbalances within the monetary union . 
  between thinking that our problems will be solved by increasing public spending and thinking they 'll be solved by lowering interest rates , both arguments fail to look at the outcome , people who advocate that go `` but it will increase employment '' or `` but it will increase economic growth '' but never mention at what cost , they completely ignore the opportunity cost , they never say `` even though it will require higher taxes that will decrease employment in the near future '' or `` even though it will consume capital that will decrease economic growth in the near future '' . 
  so while there is some logic in promoting economic development in times of recession either by using an expansionary fiscal policy like s\u00f3crates did with his building of roads or by using an expansionary monetary policy like lagarde and you are arguing for with your printing of money , do keep in mind that there 's no such thing as a free lunch , that this all comes at a cost and that these half-baked measures certainly wo n't get us out of the crisis we 're in and will most definitely delay our recovery , so if we do are to implement them , let 's at least think about them properly , saying `` austerity bad , interest rates too high , hurr durr we need more government in the economy '' is certainly not the way to do it . 
   it 's just oonsa-oonsa-oonsa . 
  : \u00fe yes , music is sound , lol hey , it 's not like it is like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8u4cebvq7s ) or [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6mti91l2sc ) xd, 
   actually , yeah . 
  a lot do . 
  i 'm considering moving there   it 's never quite been my music though . 
  :p heretic scum !, 
   i rather like that there 's the occassional ` do you guys in other countries do/have ... ' as well ? 
  do you guys in the netherlands listen to dutch house music such as these by [ afrojack ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7udoo0h1li ) , [ tiesto ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjrjcjsj-ho ) , [ sander van doorn ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glaepjctr_i ) , [ hardwell ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=letmskoqh30 ) and [ laidback luke ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epfwtwb9w1q ) ? 
   there are massive subreddits for single cities and they definitely do n't discuss politics that much ... not that i am complaining , i like politics and stuff . 
  i personally prefer to discuss european politics than to see those imgur submissions everybody upvotes but that hardly allow for any discussion . 
   the head of the international monetary fund has said the european central bank should cut interest rates i was under the impression it was the very low below market rate interest rates that allowed for several bubbles like the housing crisis to occur . 
  if you artificially reduce the costs of investments then obviously you 'll be promoting reckless malinvestments and the short term growth will prove quite harmful once the results of those investments turn out to be a disappointment as they were made out of speculation . 
   and allow higher inflation so not only she wants people to save less and to simply invest ( regardless of the outcome of those investments ) , she also wants to harm those who do save money for later usage . 
  this is ridiculous , if you really want to `` stimulate the economy '' you 'd more easily achieve that by outright taxing them at 100 % ( aka stealing from them ) and spending that money yourself . 
   christine lagarde , speaking during a visit to bailed-out ireland , said that would help to ensure a sustained economic recovery . 
  there 's nothing sustainable about artificially low interest rates or inflation . 
   basically , this subreddit should be called `` european politics '' . 
  what else is there to discuss ? 
  the weather ? 
   to be fair uat2d , you 've called me a `` shit slav '' and told me some things that would have gotten you banned here too i have you tagged as `` angry serb '' so i 'm guessing you get upset quite easily , no wonder i said those things to you :p just do n't ban me lol  in any case , it 's for this reason that i highly question :    you ban first and ask questions later , i know that from personal experience . 
  it 's not just me but also other people that had that experience with skuld . 
  anyway , in my case , i was banned in the irc channel #europe and shortly later in r/europe only to be unbanned a few hours later after contacting the rest of the mod team and proving them i was n't doing anything wrong . 
  as for skuld , i hold no grudges or anything , but having him as a mod here is n't exactly a good sign , hopefully nothing too bad will happen . 
  i mean , there 's also bezbojnicul and jb_uk and so far they 've always been great , at least in my opinion they 've never done anything wrong , so it 's not like i 'm afraid i 'll be banned from the subreddit i post the most in . 
  i guess time will tell how the new mod team will perform . 
   is it true what they say ? 
  are erasmus girls really the best in the world ? 
  yup , [ erasmus girls are the best ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnafdz8a9qe ) =d, 
  i 've also kissed a few erasmus girls , i do n't there 's pics of it though, 
  what else ? 
  uat2d has stated he does n't want to pay taxes and does n't tip in restaurants ` because there 's no money ' . 
    when i think you 've reached the bottom of the soulless pit you rationalize your selfishness from , you never cease to amaze me with a new level of low . 
  good on you , uat2d . 
  [ it 's like you 're running this type of attack ads against me ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuzu6is036q ) . 
  privatize your whore mothers ? 
  there was no need to be that upset just because your mother was public property , filho da puta . 
   i only agree with choosing / u/jb _ uk and / u/bezbojnicul . 
  me too . 
   there 's a whole variety of parties on the left side of the spectrum and drawing a line between them would be arbitrary . 
  the same could be said about the right side of the spectrum . 
   nazism , on the other hand , strives for racial purity , hierarchical power etc. 
  as goal in itself and therefore never will be able to fit in the democratic order . 
  forced equality is also incompatible with democratic order , for you to reach an egalitarian society , you must first take away from some to give to others . 
  i have every reason to believe that both nazis and communists had good intentions and were only trying absolutely everything to achieve what they perceived to be the ultimate good . 
   i promise not to drink while browsing / e/europe too much . 
  / e/europe ? 
  you 've drank enough already . 
   i would n't say i 've been `` contentious '' or acted `` unbecoming '' , but if you have any specific concerns , i 'm happy to address them . 
  you ban first and ask questions later , i know that from personal experience . 
  that alongside the fact that you 're not a r/europe regular but rather a friend of u/raerth , i 'm sorry but i do have concerns about you becoming a mod here . 
   not belonging to the ie master race http://i.imgur.com/gwscvjm.jpg, 
  damn those reds . 
  it should be funny to see those who will vote in favour getting pics of them edited and rule 34 'd . 
   am i the only one ? 
  yes . 
  coca-cola is quite good . 
  what about those 500k something chinese moving there ? 
  is that really going to be a thing ? 
  about the dictatorship thingie , how do you think that will pan out ? 
  how will belarus be in 10 or 20 years ? 
   the president here is very clearly a dictator and is very fond of making jokes about it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what kind of jokes ? 
   guys , true communism was never tried , you know that , right ? 
  oh , come on , do n't be like those guys `` you ca n't say communism does n't work because it has never been tried ... free market economies do n't work ! '', 
   the actual implementation by lenine never went past the phase of revolution . 
  when staline picked it up he thwarted it into another dictatorship . 
  it would have failed anyway . 
  it always has . 
  [ i find this video relevant in explaining my point ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyeypcougma ) . 
   communism ! = fascism and communism ! = dictatorship . 
  communism does n't promote terror , indocrination , discrimination , theft , oppression or any of those pejoratives you mentioned . 
  but it does !, 
  how else can you impose `` equality '' if not by coercion ? 
   if you think it does , please tell me where in marx 's essays you find evidence of such actions . 
  marx 's society as described in the manifesto is just as plausible as the heaven described in the bible . 
  sorry but nirvana is not for this world , there will never be a perfect society where everybody 's happy , not with humans anyway . 
   and i understand you lived in a `` communist '' dictatorship and i bet it was awful . 
  but it was n't communism it was yet another attempt at it though . 
  you know that the definition of insanity is constantly trying the same thing and expecting different results , right ? 
  to keep on trying to achieve the communist ideal while ignoring the record of history , that 's insane . 
   seriously , what the fuck is it with all the downvotes in this thread ? 
  the same thing that always happens on reddit , if you 're controversial , you 're in for some grief :p it 's a double-edged sword x ), 
   on the one hand communists are scum and every bit as bad as nazis well , communists are like nazis , they 're both totalitarian regimes and both want to impose equality and rule everything for the people , their only difference is that communists are more for the internationale and blaming everything of the capitalists while nazis are much more for massive xenophobia and blaming everything on foreigners . 
  with regards to the promotion being banned , i think that 's a mistake , it wo n't make them disappear , it will only make them more militant and obnoxious . 
  let them spread their nonsense in full view of everybody , they 'll only make a mockery out of themselves and hopefully that will keep them calm , knowing that nobody gives a shit about their ideology . 
   in republican spain they increased production despite the civil war comparing the situation of a civil war or comparing an household to society as a whole is ludicrous . 
  sure , if someone is bombing the block next to us and if i do n't know if i 'll be able to live till tomorrow , fuck private property , all we have belongs to us all and what matters is our immediate survival and well-being . 
  also , within my own house , i might have no problems sharing everything with the people i live with and know so well .
