  information is not perfect but in the models it 's assumed because otherwise it would be impossible to predict anything . 
  just like you let meteorologists get away with going with `` high pressures =  tomorrow it wo n't rain '' you must allow economists to get away with `` increase in prices =  demand will fall '' . 
   the difference is the despite the simplifications , the weather model is more or less an accurate depiction of the core dynamics of how the weather works . 
  and the neoclassical model is an accurate depiction of the core dynamics of how the economy works . 
  if you set your social ideology aside and look at the empirical evidence , you 'll realise that . 
   there 's another fundamental difference , that the weather model is falsifiable and it 's easy to gather lots of samples to make it work . 
  also , the fact that the problem is infinitely less complex than human behaviour also helps . 
  i 'm not saying that modelling economies is easy ; quite the opposite : i 'm somewhat scared that it might even be completely impossible with our current way of conducting science . 
  so , like the economists who use the models , you criticise them , yet you also say we should ditch them and leave nothing better on the table . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not a viable solution , models that are right except whenever there 's some exogenous factor also influencing the data is certainly something better to work with than with nothing at all . 
   the mean an expansionary fiscal policy based on central bank funding , i think . 
  if the quantity of money grows faster than the actual output in the economy , expect inflation . 
  if not , then do n't . 
  this always hold true in the medium to long run and here 's a formula for you to understand it better : * m * = * p * + * y * * m * means the growth of the money supply , * p * means the growth in inflation and * y * means the growth in the gdp in real terms . 
  if * m * grows faster than * y * , then inflation and prices will eventually rise to make up the difference . 
  i say eventually because , as you know , there 's wage and price stickiness and so this does n't hold true in the short run . 
   what exactly do you mean by this ? 
  have you ever seen a left-wing person arguing for the re-introduction of gulags or something ? 
  quite the opposite , it 's the wannabe dictators that always do it on the left-wing grounds . 
  the greatest harm always comes from those who think they know best and want to impose their view on society , you have countless examples of socialism gone wrong . 
  this is in sharp contrast with capitalist societies where everybody is free to do as he pleases and to pursue his own self-interest without order from a central authority and without those in command taking away some of the product of his labour and using it as they see fit . 
   this basically says that the `` western '' countries have lots of `` economic freedom '' and at the same time are very rich . 
  countries like hong kong and singapore are asian but regardless . 
   but the western countries have always been the richest , so it 's a bit like begging the question . 
  what about the western/eastern europe divide ? 
  what about [ india 's explosive growth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_india#pre-liberalisation_period_.281947.e2.80.931991.29 ) post liberalisation ? 
  or [ china ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_china#1990.e2.80.932000 ) 's ? 
  or [ chile ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/gdp_per_capita_la-chile.png ) 's ? 
  [ indian gdp growth ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/india_gdp_without_labels.png ) , [ chinese gdp growth ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/prc1952-2005gdp.gif ) and [ chilean gdp growth ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/gdp_per_capita_la-chile.png ) . 
   i had not realised all left-wingers are protectionists ... a lot do try to promote employment at the expense of productivity . 
   i do n't care if it possible , i care about how probable it is . 
  arich person does not even have to manage his fortune himself , he can pay professionals to do it . 
  and yet you have countless stories of people who had it all and squandered everything , from rags to riches and back to rags . 
   and a poor person who has to work all day just to get by hardly has any possibility to become rich . 
  and yet , in a market with very few regulations , it 's common occurrence . 
  i just checked the 5 richest people in the world , carlos slim , bill gates , amancio ortega , warren buffet and larry ellison , none of them come from a wealthy background . 
   you are cherry-picking anecdotal evidence to support your claims ; equality of opportunity is n't so simple . 
  what cherry-picking ? 
  you 're right , equality of opportunity is n't simple , but equality of wealth regardless of the circumstances is theft . 
  that 's what equality actually is , it 's a and b deciding what c shall do for d while taking a commission off on the way . 
   for instance , when it comes to lifting all restrictions , i think they 're important to enforce stuff like environmental standards that affect everyone . 
  that 's precisely why i said * pretty much all * and not * all * restrictions :p just like it 's illegal to steal ( which is when the burglar unilaterally benefits at the expense of the person that was robbed ) , it must also be illegal to pollute ( which is when the polluter unilaterally benefits at the expense of society ) . 
  but then again this argument of mine also applies against trade barriers ( when the national producers benefit at the expense of the national consumers ) and governmental subsidies ( when the receivers of such subsidies benefit at the expense of the taxpayers ) , and just these two examples are often prevalent and legally enforced so it 's not like it 's a position that those in public office would tend to agree with . 
   and while i am for a low corporate tax rate , i think they should pay something as corporations do use the court systems , our roads , water system , etc. 
  companies already paid for that directly with vat and the owners and shareholders also pay for it with the personal income tax . 
   if zero tax would translate into higher wages i would be fine with it , but i do n't see why they would , so they must pay something . 
  err . . lower taxes quite clearly do translate into higher wages . 
  it would not be an immediate effect , first companies in trouble would try to balance their situation , only later would they be able produce more and hire more workers and lead to higher growth and lower unemployment and only later with the higher profits and lower unemployment would wages increase , but it would happen . 
   i would like lower taxes but traditionally they have n't had that much effect on employment unless you go to the levels of ireland or the netherlands which could be said to be leeching of the fact that they are in the eurozone and have lower relative taxes . 
  i 'd abolish the corporate tax rate and lift pretty much all restrictions so it 's not like it 's easy to agree with me :p, 
  i wish the ecb ditched the taylor rule approach to monetary policy and went with the money supply ( m2 ) instead . 
   i completely agree . 
  this would be a huge boost for the economy as these are the people who will spend it right away and get the cogs turning . 
  that would be awful in promoting employment then . 
  if you were to play with monetary policy , you 'd be better off in just paying off the public debt with it , first it would remove the need for such higher taxes which would lead to higher employment and growth and secondly , part of the public spending is already used to pay for things like unemployment subsidies ( so it would directly and indirectly promote employment and also economic growth ) . 
  this if you completely ignore the negative impacts of inflation and how it indirectly acts as a tax on savings . 
  it 's certainly is n't a free lunch , it 's just somebody else paying for it . 
   you seem to have just skimmed through the article and quoted random things to reply to with one-sentence handwaving . 
  not good . 
  you expected me to quote everything and write long rebuttals ? 
  you must be insane . 
   and how do they prove it holds true in the long run ? 
  because of economic theory ( money is neutral , increases in the money supply only lead to nominal changes in variables such as prices , wages and interest rates ) and empirical data ( the larger the expansion of the money supply , the greater the inflation , and with the opposite it 's the same thing ) . 
   most economics make assumptions about perfect information , that 's why the thing you quoted said `` all-knowing '' . 
  why the hell did you cross it out ? 
  because in real life there 's no perfect information and nobody claims there is . 
   actors of the market as a model can not influence the rules by which the market works , when in reality they can influence legislation . 
  that was the point of `` exert no control '' . 
  why did you cross it out ? 
  are you aware of any model in which the players can influence the rules of the game ? 
  no , but i 'm aware of plenty models where the actors exert control such as monopolistic and oligopolistic competition . 
   a model that makes assumptions that blatantly violate real life is a flawed model . 
  you make up a model that accurately describes real life then without any simplifications . 
  you 'll do more than what any economist has ever done , you 'll certainly win a nobel prize and will revolutionise social sciences forever , making them more accurate and precise . 
  if you can pull it off , though , considering how impossible that is , good luck . 
   but you ca n't make assumptions that are the opposite what 's true and draw conclusions . 
  what should be done then ? 
  `` irl there 's asymmetrical information so we ca n't draw any conclusions whatsoever '' ? 
  with that argument , you must also fully reject other stuff like statistics or weather forecasting , these also are n't exact sciences . 
   expansionary fiscal policy increases employment , national income and aggregate investment while leaving prices unchanged of course prices would be unchanged with fiscal policy , inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon . 
  as for the usage of fiscal policy to increase employment , income and investment , well , the debt has to be paid , it 's not a free lunch , you either tax more ( and therefore nullify those effects ) or borrow ( and delay the costs into the future ) . 
   i 'd like to see some evidence of `` countries with the least of that are countries where the people live better off '' . 
  [ index of economic freedom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom )  did they have a model that predicted the specific effects of the crisis ? 
  or did they generally argue against low interest rate waiting for any catastrophe to `` prove them right '' ? 
  they argued about the malinvestments and the artificially low interest rates leading to a bubble that would end up with a bust when it proved unsustainable . 
  some argued specifically against the housing bubble and they were right both in the cause and in the consequences of the 2008 crisis . 
   again , making a claim does not prove it . 
  it 's not true just because you say it is . 
  of course not , it 's true because of the economic theory behind it and the empirical data that supports it . 
   i 've seen plenty of right-wing people being against all these things citing economic `` proofs '' that they ca n't work . 
  if neoclassical economists do not want their stuff to be used to promote this sort of agenda , they should be more vocal about it . 
  same thing with nowadays socialists and the dictators that have spawned under socialist regimes . 
   so , the government can counteract unemployment by interfering with the labour market . 
  i 'm not sure i get your point here . 
  no , government can counteract unemployment by stepping out of the labour market . 
   this is a huge strawman and you know it . 
  who the hell did you see promoting stupid ideas like that that you felt the need to reject them ? 
  it 's the same thing , between trade barriers and banning technology , both achieve the same result of lower unemployment and higher poverty . 
   well , if a capitalists starts his life by owning vast amounts of resources and some poor guy starts by being in debt , i do n't see how we must stand aside and let things take their course . 
  and if a capitalist starts rich and mismanages his money , he 'll become poor whereas some poor guy that works hard may very well die a wealthy and happy man so that his children can be spoiled brats that do n't value what they own .
