  you 're the one asking for ecb help . 
  the help is coming and more will come , though they need to get some guarantees just like anyone would . 
  we must give them those guarantees , we must balance our budget and we must stabilise a bit before them coming up and helping us much more in getting us out of this . 
  and for this to happen , the reforms need to be implemented , the more we argue over if austerity is good or not , the more we remain in these quicksand situation and the worse it will be for us in the long run . 
   your comment is utterly void of information . 
  just like yours . 
  hey everybody , did you know a chicken is 75 % water ? 
   what you are essentially suggesting is that riche cons should decide their tax rate themselves , since they can always threaten to leave and having them leave means no taxes at all . 
  i suggested that ? 
  please tell me where . 
  i 'm just saying that 50 % of some millions is more than 100 % of nothing ( or 0 % of some billions ) . 
   according to your logic , i could essentially threaten the state i live in to allow me to pay only 1 eur in taxes , since i will leave if they want me to pay more than that . 
  so it is better for them to let me pay only 1 eur then to get nothing if i leave . 
  and , according to the logic which you say is mine ( though it is n't ) , the state could tell you to fuck off and leave since you cost the state more than 1 $ to keep around . 
  also , the state knows there 's no country where you 'll be able to pay 1 $ in taxes and since you ca n't become stateless , i guess you have to choose a country in which to pay taxes and all of them charge more than that . 
   `` pay what you want '' is not how taxes work . 
  exactly , it is n't , but it also does n't work like `` pay 75 % or else '' , as by then most people go with `` or else '' and move somewhere where the rate is more acceptable , making the state that wanted to charge 75 % lose 100 % . 
   i favour changing our political system at the national level instead of selling our sovereignty in hopes that our new overlords will be kinder . 
  olivenza , a village nobody cares about - [ our sovereignty taken away by the spanish overlords ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l4nwr.jpg ), 
   well , austerity is needed to some degree . 
  however it should n't be as much in the taxes but more in the so called `` government fats '' . 
  that 's the thing , austerity is not about taxes !, 
  austerity is , by definition , `` a policy of deficit-cutting by lowering spending via a reduction in the amount of benefits and public services provided '' . 
  saying that austerity is or can be about taxes is outright wrong . 
  just because we 're implementing both measures of cutting public spending and increasing public revenues , that does n't mean they 're both austerity . 
  both austerity policies and tax increases are being used to balance our fiscal budget though they 're very different things . 
   let 's face it , no matter where you are in the political spectrum , you have to agree the portuguese state is not very efficient . 
  precisely . 
  we need to downsize it to both reduce its expenses and make it more focused on the issues that actually matter to governance . 
   we have useless organism , redundant organisms , excessively funded organisms that apply such fundings incompetently ( and suspiciously ) , and a lot of unnecessary bureaucracy that does n't help the economy . 
  the promised reforms would hit this . 
  this would be the `` good austerity '' . 
  and i hope they will be delivered . 
  eventually . 
  exactly . 
   of course some of the `` bad austerity '' is also needed for deficit . 
  reducing the deficit is important . 
  however , all signs point that we are pushing the `` bad austerity '' too far ( specially on the middle/lower-middle class ) , as the tax revenue is clearly falling and the budgets targets will probably not be achieved in the first trimester . 
  something is wrong with the current model and needs fixing . 
  that 's not `` bad austerity '' as that 's not even austerity at all !, 
  raising the tax burden on everyone , specially on the middle income taxpayers , that does help the state reduce its deficit but that comes at a great expense for society , it 's a very bad trade-off between the public budget of today and the economic growth of tomorrow , not to mention the great burden on the families and how it 's essentially admitting defeat in reducing spending since it 's opting to instead raise public revenue . 
  personally , i strongly oppose this , it 's very harmful to the competitiveness for our economy and what the state is collecting more in taxes today , it 's less that it will collect in taxes tomorrow as businesses here become increasingly uncompetitive and are fail to survive in the european and global market against companies working in countries with lower tax rates . 
   a different solution requires some change in the european union . 
  the `` troika '' ( through different paths ) are pushing this model of too much `` bad austerity '' , and the government does n't have much choice ( although the reforms could be coming up more consistently , just saying ... ) . 
  no , the european union should n't pay for our mess . 
  but a more `` growth '' oriented ( i hate this expression , are n't all economic models `` growth oriented '' ? 
  but you know what i 'm talking about ) on europe 's part would probably benefit everyone ( france may not look so good for long ... ) and would be more efficient solving our situation . 
  i 'm with you 100 % . 
   of course some austerity is needed . 
  and portugal does n't have much choice right now ( follow the memo 's not great ideas or rip it and sink in god-knows-what ) , assuming the ( good ) reforms are coming ( i like to remain optimistic ) . 
  so it is on the hands of europe how to deal with us . 
  yes , this is the thing , we do n't have much of a choice . 
  we must at least first balance our budget and stop presenting the deficits we had and then , together with the eu , work to reduce our debt back to acceptable levels . 
  sure it wo n't be easy , but there 's no other way out of this , the spending that took place during socrates government must be paid back , regardless of whom remains in the country . 
   you must believe that selling our sovereignty to the eu or spain is the only way to increase our quality of life , bitch please !, 
  [ you said it yourself , you favour higher taxes if you get to keep the flag and the socialists over in lisbon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gu4fl.jpg ), 
   \u0ca0_\u0ca0 [ you must favour a flag over life quality ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mghzl.jpg )  why not ? 
  because it 's not worth it , the expenses would be higher than the benefits , you 'd have to be irrational to want that . 
   do you even lebensraum ??? 
   not when austerity is pushed on the lower-middle classes . 
  so , yes , tax more on those who earn more but smooth out the change so as to limit the shock . 
  we 're taxing everybody more . 
   austerity has more to do with the habit of weak leaderships forcing necessary change when everybody is in a panic ( sort of a la naomi klein 's shock doctrine ) . 
  what ? 
  austerity means cutting back excessive public spending , do n't twist the words and say they 're something else . 
   problem is that when change is forced through at times of stress , the weak tend to get the short end of the stick and the economy gets a further stress from the fast-paced restructuring . 
  problem is , we ca n't afford to not cut spending and everybody will get the short end of the stick and the economy would suffer greatly if we ignored or delayed handling the problem . 
   most french are fed up of those rich whiners . 
  fair enough . 
   at the beginning many peoples supported depardieu , but that 's no longer true , the gag has been running for too long . 
    most of us tell them , take your money and shut up , and gtfo . 
  will deal with it without you , `` the cemeteries are full of indispensable men . '', 
  i also do n't like a lot of people but i rather have them here paying their taxes than somewhere else . 
  specially rich people in france , considering that they already pay so much taxes , if they leave , things will only get worse for the average taxpayer . 
  that you may not like them , ok , that you 'll be worse off without them around , that 's for sure . 
   might as well give them the whole country by your logic . 
  if it meant lower taxes , yes !, 
   oliven\u00e7a is of portuguese clay . 
  you must also want guin\u00e9-bissau back . 
  let them both keep it , we do n't need no added expenses holding us down . 
   first of all , austerity is increasing our debt as a percentage of gdp wut ? 
  austerity means cutting public spending , cutting public spending leads to a reduction of the deficits which help bringing down the debt . 
   so if you keep doing it you will soon reach your 300 % as our gdp continues rock sliding . 
  if our gdp is falling it 's because our environment is n't business friendly , we need to lower taxes , reduce bureaucracy and reform the justice system to allow it to grow again . 
  while we do none of this and instead just cut spending without cutting taxes , then it 's obvious that the gdp will fall , but no worries , when the deficits go down , there will also be room for lowering taxes and allow the economy to grow again . 
   so if you do n't think 300 % is desirable you should want to change the current strategy . 
  cutting public spending =  greater public debt ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  are you one of those people that say the avoid lung cancer by smoking 5 packs a day ? 
   also , you seem to think that a country is like a company or a household . 
  i do ? 
   it is n't , the same way the multiplier works for austerity it works for spending too . 
  the same way the multiplier works for spending , it works for the taxes that require to pay for it in the first place . 
   you can increase revenue by spending more . 
  and you 'll spend more on what ? 
  education ? 
  healthcare ? 
  infrastructure ? 
  industry ? 
  social benefits ?
