  i was just using your argument against you . 
  if you say there are people starving and therefore you should increase tariffs ( which will lead to higher food prices in your market ) , that 's pretty irrational . 
   seriously uat2d , food security . 
    http://www.ptt.fi/eaae-njf/papers/flaten.pdf either eu food does n't meet norwegian quality standards or we ca n't provide enough food to cover for your market or that 's a fabrication made by your food producers so they could get away with increasing tariffs in those products . 
  considering the first two are ludicrous , i do n't really think you can justify these tariffs with an argument like food security . 
   i think he 's asking you what `` the sun '' is . 
  there is a rumor that it 's a sky phenomena in the southern lands . 
  oh , that sun , my bad . 
  yup , that 's a thing there , it 's basically a brighter and warmer moon that occasionally cheers things up . 
   indeed . 
  i have also heard rumors of something of that sort giving people with perfectly pale skin a slightly pinkish tone . 
  terrifying stuff really . 
  [ you know you want it ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o6mzn.png ) . 
   not using perfectly decent farmland in a world were people are starving would be a bit strange in my opinion . 
  then use that farmland , nobody forbids you of doing so . 
  just do n't place tariffs that will increase the price of food in a world where people are starving as that would be a bit strange in my opinion . 
   you know what also hurts consumers ? 
  losing their jobs because their products got hit with a huge trade tariff that killed those exports without an equivalent growth in local sales because the tariffs went unanswered . 
  yes , because we can only export to norway , because millions of europeans will be unemployed from norway 's protectionist policies . 
  lol the only ones who 'll lose from these are the norwegian consumers who 'll see their prices rise , our prices will be the same and our employment will remain the same provided that we leave our tariffs as they are . 
   sun ? 
  what is this thing you are talking about ? 
  it 's the [ candlemakers ' petition ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/petition.html ) , a known satire of proteccionism by fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric bastiat . 
  if you wanted to punish the european consumers and alienate the chinese , sure , that would be the right course of action . 
  i still do n't see the point of it though . 
  if it 's about their labour practices , it would be much simpler to just ban products made in slavery conditions , no ? 
   we need it , norway is cold and expensive . 
  without toll barriers our farmland would be laid barren . 
  perhaps you should also make legislation to block out the sun , without it the candle-making industry will be laid barren . 
   the idea that the eu should do nothing is beyond retarded . 
  nope , just because norway is harming the interests of their consumers that does n't mean we should do the same here . 
  let them raise their tariffs all they want , it will be their ( consumers ) loss , we 'll still be able to export those . 
   the dairy industry in norway is pretty fucked up . 
  there are two major producers , but it still works like a monopoly . 
  if there are only two major producers and you raise tariffs on those products , you 're asking for grief . 
   i ca n't remember how to explain it , and i 'm a little too hungover , sorry for not explaining further . 
  yeah , do n't bother , if you 're hungover you should n't even be on reddit , go eat lunch or something , that 'll pass xd, 
  seriously norway , protectionism ? 
  sure thing , but do we need them right now ? 
  is n't the military we currently have more than enough to assure our defence ? 
  do we really need to spend money on this during this financial crisis ? 
   so we can agree on less pilots more uav 's ? 
  if that 's a trade off , it that means cheaper / more efficient defence , of course , why not ? 
  if you 're just saying more uavs and more military hardware because holy fuck russia , china and india might invade us for the lulz , then no , they are n't going to and we do n't need to expand our military capabilities . 
   are you mentally handicapped ? 
  nice argument , bro . 
   and now you insult me i did ? 
  lol  i know if we will be in a war , that would be a yes . 
  i do n't know when , which is why we need them now . 
  the same could be said about an inevitable asteroid collision that could very well wipe us out and we 're not in any rush to build a massive rail gun or something that will blast it off course . 
   and that includes an airforce yes ? 
  and planes without pilots is obviously a better choice . 
  sure , sure , i 'm not arguing against uavs , i 'm arguing against more uavs and more weaponry when as of now we have plenty as it is . 
  it 's not like we 'll be in a war in any foreseeable future and it 's not like uavs would prove decisive in any such event , i 'm much more worried as for our economy , our well-being and the sustainability of our life quality - which is why i 'm very sceptical about further increasing our defence funding at the expense of the rest of society . 
   jesus christ , i do n't know . 
  you do n't even know against whom we 'll need the drones !, 
   maybe we should start developing the drones when we really need them ? 
  or maybe we already have enough nukes to lay the whole world to waste and we really do n't need to spend extra money on drones . 
   russia yeah , russia will invade europe . 
  it 's not like it 's [ mad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutual_assured_destruction ) . 
   china again , europe will be in a war with china ? 
  we both have nothing to win and everything to loose . 
   extreme muslims let the usa do their thing , let 's not get in their business of killing random muslims as it clearly is n't working for them . 
   a caliphate again , we 're not the usa . 
   african warlords exterminating 3 other tribes i 'd rather let africa solve itself as they clearly do n't want us interfering with their business and keep the tax money in my pocket . 
   argentina will you bomb buenos aires if they try to occupy the falklands again ? 
  regardless , not something for the eu to be in unless we have an unified european army . 
  i 'd still favour a diplomatic solution though . 
   geurilla maoists in poland too much hollywood . 
   we just do n't know if we do n't even know if we 'll be in a war , let 's not squander millions when there are still innumerable people unemployed , in poverty and without healthcare or education services . 
   you do n't really believe we 'll never have another war do you ? 
  we might , but i 'm not interested in an arms race . 
  we 're in the fucking eu , we have the largest economy in the world , it would be against the best self-interest of every country in the world to stir shit up against us , we do n't need to have 10000 nukes , 20000 uavs , 25000 submaries , 50000 gunships and 100000 tanks for people to not mess with us , we only need the minimum to keep the peace which we already have and use diplomacy and our sheer economical power to keep things in check which we 're doing . 
  right now , spending more money in the military wo n't serve as a deterrent against anyone as nobody dares to start hostilities against us , the whole idea is inconceivable as both us and the rest of the world would have nothing to benefit from this , i 'd rather if we kept the status quo , not increasing military funding and also not increasing taxation to pay for an expanded military . 
   you keep asking the same question and people keep dodging my question ftfy . 
  i asked `` whom '' , you answered me `` wherever '' . 
   what answer are you looking for ? 
  for people to name me a country or a target against whom we need drone strikes to deal with . 
   you do n't wait until war breaks out to start r&d on new weapons i 'm not arguing against r&d , i 'm arguing against the acquisition of this machinery by the military , specially now that we do n't need them nor will in any foreseeable future . 
  err ... some words are similar but i overall i ca n't understand the meaning of the sentence . 
  what do you make of [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/14054t/why_havent_we_all_just_learnt_esperanto_as_the/c78rm2a?context=3 ) ? 
   yes , but hopefully these drones are going to be used to defend someone . 
  against whom ? 
  against whom do we need to use drones ? 
  whom will we be fighting ? 
   we are n't harmed not having them this second , but we will be in war . 
  we 're harmed because they cost money . 
  it 's the taxes you and i pay that are able to afford for this . 
  we will be in war ? 
  may i ask against whom ? 
   so we should have no army whatsoever ? 
  did i say that ? 
  we obviously need a military to defend us from foreign threats and to keep the peace . 
  the thing is , which current foreign threats do we face ? 
  is n't our current military enough to deal with those threats ? 
  do we also need these drones or a few extra submarines or something like that ? 
  i 'm only arguing against these useless drones , if we buy them and they prove useless , sure , we should n't have any of it . 
  and this is my problem with this , i fail to realise how these drones will prove beneficial to the defence of europe , it seems to me that our current military is enough , that there are n't any significant threats to our sovereignty and that our economy has enough troubles as it is and that we ca n't afford to be spending money on this useless junk which will either dust up somewhere or will be used to bomb the middle east . 
   yes , we are being harmed by the lack of drones . 
  since we do n't have any drones , we have to use pilots instead .
