  yeah , a lot changed since then . 
  only 90s kids will remember [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsnar6fruo0 ) !, 
  [ circlejerk approves . 
   some scholars believe spanish and english will be the only languages of european origin ( but probably not in that original form ) alive in a few centuries . 
  some scholars talk out of their ass . 
  i was n't being mean :p i have some friends from ovar , they come daily to porto where we study , even though it 's 30min away from car or 50min away by train , and they 're great people , in fact , they are much `` prouder '' of their land than most of the guys outside of the city . . they seem to have it great there , they certainly would n't dream of crossing the ocean and expect to live better there than they do here . 
  so they emigrated from ovar to new york ? 
  that 's a downgrade if you ask me . 
   if europe was as unified culturally and politically as the us we will not be assimilated . 
  portugal ( things recently changed , so it probably is a bit different now - for starters , when i finished high school , it was n't mandatory , now it is ) : portuguese mandatory throughout all school ( from the 1st till the 12th grade ) foreign language i in school from the 5th till the 9th grade ( i chose english ) foreign language ii in school from the 7th till the 9th grade ( i chose french ) foreign language i in high school from the 10th till the 11th grade ( i chose english again ) and there were more possibilities , in the 12th grade i chose 2 disciplines not related to languages but i had mates who chose english ( yet again ) and there are courses where you need to have foreign language ii in high school ( courses related to humanities and literature , most of them either went with french or german ) . 
  at the time i was in school , i had n't much of a choice , my school only had english and french teachers , while others also could choose spanish or german . 
  in high school , i already had the choice to learn those languages but these would n't be helpful in my area of study so i only had english like everybody ( i do n't think i could have chosen another language there because there were n't enough students who applied for another language and therefore only english was available as choice for foreign language i ) . 
  again , things are certainly a bit different now , for example , my siblings and even some of my friends my age had english all the way from the 1st grade . 
  why does the government insist so much on irish if you all speak english ? 
  sem contrapartida , pela revolucao sou suicida ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqz9qds8rvy ) le fail , le song is about le usa lelelelelel xdd, 
  americans speak in comic sans ? 
  i 'm sorry , i can forgive a lot but this is just too much , fuck you , usa !, 
  just like last time , hopefully with this mean that both subreddits will grow in terms of numbers . 
  and the european community here on reddit seems to be getting more and more influential , 11 months ago , there was only 1000 readers of r/portugal and , iirc , we were n't even 10k readers here in r/europe . 
  considering there has n't been a loss in content quality , this is a great thing !, 
   in all honesty , i think the crisis would most probably have happened all the same even if there was no corruption and no bribes and everything was organised and proper . 
  lol nope . 
  check the countries which are supplying you with money for proof of how keeping things in check was great for avoiding them getting in the same problems greece got into . 
   do n't you think that most of the tri-lingual spaniards or greeks have already left their country ? 
   china 's one judo player  judoka i 'm pretty sure it 's '' [ chinoca ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/?hl=en&amp;tab=wt#pt/en/chinoca ) '' . 
   if europe had a common language , you 'd see greeks and spaniards immigrating in much larger numbers to western europe wait , are you implying greeks and spaniards do n't know how to speak english or that what makes them stay in their countries is the fact that they ca n't learn how to speak another language ? 
  bah , even eta speaks castilian : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoejys2wxzq, 
  do you even indo-european ? 
  xd  when we all give the power   we all give the best   every minute of an hour   do n't think about the rest   and you all get the power   you all get the best   when everyone gets everything   and every song everybody sings  *** live is life - opus ***, 
   as for the kid and the cop they can just `` stand outside '' . 
  `` excuse me officer , i know you 're on duty but if you want to do your job , here , let me drastically increase or yours of getting lung cancer . '', 
   thank for banning only `` some '' smoke . 
  i was talking about all places , not only indoors . 
  you 're free to come in if you do n't mind the smoke , but do n't say you 've been banned just because smoke is allowed that 's ridiculous !, 
  heck , i already told you why , healthcare concerns regarding everyone , if you want to smoke , fine , outside , not indoors . 
  healthcare concerns trump over the right to smoke next to others . 
  again , if you really want to smoke , do it in a place with no roof or wear a nicotine patch or something , just do n't give others a hard time breathing because of your habits . 
  damn , i 'm not against smoking , i 'm against smoking next to others indoors . 
  bars and restaurants are public places and as such should be available to all , smokers can still smoke there provided that they 're not spreading around their smoke to those who do n't want it and considering this is a healthcare issue , no , you ca n't just say `` cancer-allowed place '' . 
  i mean , fuck , stop trying to make me look like i 'm trying to curb individual freedoms , i 'm not , i 'm just saying these rights end when there 's the health of others involved . 
  i was the one of us who went to [ queima das fitas ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaqogtcsvnq ) and inhaled a lot of smoke - be it tobacco , weed and whatnot - and i did n't complained on bit , in fact , i loved it and i 'd do everything to stop it if they tried to take it away from me , but even it was outdoors and the place was filled with ambulances and doctors always ready , i even saw an asthmatic getting help , precisely because of the smoke he inhaled . 
  this is n't stopping anyone from having a great time , and we all did have a great time , it 's just making sure nobody who does n't want it has it 's life quality and expectancy drastically reduced . 
   punching a guy in the face is not voluntary , if i have a sign at the entrance of my bar saying smoke allowed then you know what you 're getting into . 
  smoking is already allowed at bars . 
  it 's called outside . 
  you know what you 're getting into if you stand outside with the smokers . 
  inside it 's reserved for those who do n't want any of it and to prevent those who work there to get exposed to the toxic fumes and other health and safety related concerns . 
  if you really want to smoke , fine , of course you 're free to do such , just do it outside where the smoke does n't hang around and is harmful to third parties , being them other costumers or the workforce . 
   what you have here is a owner setting up a smoke allowed bar and a client making the choice of going in . 
  it is voluntary , nobody forced the client to enter the bar , he choose to do so himself . 
  do n't think only about the client , think also about the work force and about third parties that might have to spend some time there and not want any of the smoke . 
  be them the guy behind the counter , the cops sent there to keep an eye on things or the 5 year old who 's missing school , there 's plenty of people that might deal with 2nd hand smoke and not want it . 
  besides , you ca n't ban non-smokers from getting in , that discrimination , just like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/udlb3.jpg ) , and that 's unlawful . 
  instead of only letting those who smoke or those who do n't , make it possible for everyone , and those who do want to smoke , fine , outdoors is fine , smoke there and do n't give lung cancer to the rest of us . 
   i do n't see what 's wrong with this , do n't you trust people to decide things for themselves ? 
  i do trust them , otherwise i 'd say all smoking should be banned lol . 
  what i do n't trust people is to not be dicks to one another , and smoking on top of others is not only dickish , it 's unhealthy . 
  it 's why the government must create some boundaries , and that 's what this is , you want to smoke , fine , do it away from those who do n't want it . 
   the market would save their lives , hospitals would get terrible reputation for letting poor people die and the ones that choose to help will get more support from the community . 
  it 's not that i want people to die , it 's just that i believe the private sector can provide better and cheaper healthcare  true that , but even you are assuming that people would have to die . 
  i 'm not saying the government should pay for everybody 's sicknesses , i 'm just saying if they ca n't afford it and it 's a critical situation , the government should step up and pays for all medical expenses and then that person is free to go . 
  they 'll later pay back their debts to society like we all do , through taxes . 
  sure , some people might pay for it and never benefit and some might require healthcare and never be able to afford it but that 's a minimal price to pay to ensure people do n't die when we have the technology and the resources to keep them alive . 
  that 's not how you solve a problem , that 's running away from it . 
  [ here , this is what we 've got ta do . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=egikhmjtszi#t=64s ), 
  and if you ignore the desert , a sandstorm will rise up and turn your financial system into little more than dust . 
  my property , my rules you 're not forced to come in . 
  just as you 're not allowed to punch a guy in the face just because it 's your bar , you 're also not allowed to get him to catch smoke . 
  same principle , the fact that it 's your property is irrelevant if you 're harming third parties ' health . 
   oh boy , i sure hope all those restaurants out there are selling only organic food and many veggies !, 
  also let 's burn down all fast-food restaurants because i 'm sure they 're pretty harmful to the health of society and since the state will end up footing the bill for bad health we got ta make sure people have a healthy diet !, 
  yeah , exaggerate all you want , cigarette smoke is very harmful , not only for you but for those around as well , and it 's at any dose . 
  fast food that will only harm your health if you stuff it down like a pig continuously and you can do that perfectly as it is n't harmful to the health of those around you , unlike smokers . 
  fuck man , you 're not supporting libertarianism , you 're supporting full blown anarchy , even ron paul does n't support the lack of a state like somalia , even he wants minimal government , not no government at all . 
  government is needed so that assholes who want to ruin it for everyone else ca n't succeed , just like you 're not free to steal from someone ( regardless of wherever you are ) , you should not be free to smoke onto him and give him lung cancer ( again , regardless of your location ) . 
   middle tier social liberal ... guilty as charged . 
  sorry , i get your position but i just do n't agree with it , it 's too extremist , some degree of government is required , i do n't agree with free handouts but i also do n't agree with not saving someone 's life because of their financial situation . 
   so if i wanted to smoke in my own bar i would n't be able because it would harm other people , even though it is my property ? 
  your bar which is for public use ? 
  yes . 
  if you want to smoke , then do n't do it in your bar , do it in your home . 
   the market will surely provide many coffe shops with no smoke rules , no need for the government to go around restricting the rights owners have over their own property . 
  you 're allowed to impose whatever rules you want in your establishment as long as they 're not harmful to the health of its users . 
   the private sector can provide better and cheaper healthcare provided there is enough competition , our current nhs is likely going to keep losing quality in a effort to reduce costs , not a good sight at all . 
  true , but it 's still not an excuse to deny the basic healthcare to those who ca n't afford it . 
  i 'm not saying you should guarantee top quality healthcare for everyone and everything , i 'm just saying people 's lives are worth more than their medical expense and nobody should be denied healthcare because of their financial situation . 
  besides , if you save a life , it 's one more person than can then work and pay taxes like the rest of us and also contribute and pay back for the system that saved its life , so if your issue is with the money spent on the nhs , those who benefit also pay back just like if you ever need it , it will be there for you . 
  it 's not socialism , it 's just making sure everyone has the same right to life . 
   you can break a guy 's nose if you both voluntarily enter into a boxing ring . 
  you can also still smoke next to other guys if they 're also smoking , so the boxing ring thingie is n't a good comparison . 
  just do n't break random noses and do n't smoke next to random people , it 's only fair . 
   it just makes me sad that society has less and less room for vice and is obsessed with health instead of happiness . 
  and i 'm saddened that some people feel entitled to harm others just because they want to have fun and ca n't be bothered to have fun elsewhere . 
  heck , nobody is banning smoking , just have the decency of not doing it next to those who do n't want any of it !, 
   might as well go to the next logical step and ban alcohol on the grounds that it causes many accidents due to drunk driving . 
  or ban cars to avoid accidents . 
  not really , it 's already forbidden to drink and drive and the police do crack down on drunk driving , which is a good thing . 
  you 're free to drink as long as your drinking does n't harm others and you 're free to smoke as long as it does n't harm others . 
  that 's why you 're not allowed to drive while drunk and that 's why you 're not allowed to smoke next to those who do n't want it .
