  those shitty memes belong in the default subreddits or in 9gag/facebook , this is n't the best place for them . 
  most people approve of him , he does n't have hardcore supporters but he 's not hated either . 
  he 's just implementing the hard policies the previous government failed to . 
  we portuguese are very peaceful and quiet , he is n't applauded everywhere he goes but there are also no riots like that . 
  there 's a considerable amount of strikes but it 's mostly in the public sector where he 's cutting the most and it 's always the same bunch who disagrees with his policies , namely the unions and the communists who are never pleased . 
  that 's quite annoying but those strikes do n't have the public support , most people actually loathe them because every time the public transports do n't work people have a much harder time getting to work and it 's indeed very unfair that these people like the train drivers are not working nor letting others work because they 'll lose benefits the private sector never had in the first place . 
  but the pm is dealing with this carefully as he knows that if he cuts where he really should n't ( like in the nhs or in the public education system ) that could cost him the next election and since the measures only give you the objectives and not how to achieve them , some measures do n't leave the discussing phase ( ex : one extra half hour in the work period from 8h to 8h30 ) . 
  overall , and since people here are n't exactly fanatical about anything , specially politics , he just is doing his thing and even though he has a majority in coalition , he 's willing to hear others ' input on his measures . 
  considering his opposition just is n't doing a good job and often is the one not willing to change his position even though they are n't the ones in charge , i 'm pretty sure that if things continue like this , he 'll get a landslide victory in the next election . 
  i hope this explanation was understandable and keep in mind this might be somewhat biased because of my own political views . 
  everyone will answer differently . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's like ask you what do people in the uk think of cameron . 
  i personally think he 's doing a very good job in cutting back spending and will almost definitely vote for him in the next election , but that only time will tell . 
   a crisis that was caused by overspending is being solved by austerity . 
    some people do n't like losing their previous benefits and whine about it . 
    `` anti-austerity front grows in europe '' . 
   now all those people that are employed in factories are being fired wrong , nobody 's fired because you just ca n't fire them . 
  between the unions , the paperwork and the fines/subsidies , it 's just not economically viable to fire unproductive workers . 
  what has been happening is worse than factories firing workers , what is happening is factories closing down and throwing everyone there straight to unemployment . 
  what i meant is that language is n't a barrier to political integration , people understand english and it 's fine as it is . 
  besides , those who do n't still have subtitles and translations , i do n't know a word of german but i understand merkel , do you understand what i 'm trying to say ? 
  what i meant is that we could be fluent in 100 languages , we just need one to be able to communicate with each other . 
  english will do just fine , let 's not pretend that just because not everyone was born in an english speaking country , it is n't good enough . 
  out of the languages spoken in europe , english is the first with the most speakers around the world , followed by spanish and then portuguese . 
  does that mean we 'll all need to be fluent in all these languages to be able to understand each other ? 
  of course not !, 
  most of us already speak english , we communicate here fine and english is already essential in the business world , why do we suddenly need to act as if just because it 's impossible for anyone to learn every european language , it 's also impossible for us to further integration ? 
  english is already taught everywhere , ca n't we just say that it 's the main language of europe ? 
  if we were the ones to vote for a eu government and they were therefore more accountable for their legislation , i 'm pretty sure you 'd have an eu more supportive of the rights of privacy than the one we have today . 
   2000 years of spilling blood , killing each other , fighting for territory and independence , and you 're just like hey , let 's have a federal country now !, 
  this can not be good . 
  for a moment there i thought you were going to say we should go back to fucking with each other any chance we got . 
  how does a more similar tax code within the eu hurt our export industries ? 
  every eu citizen who goes to school nowadays learns english . 
  and on the tv , things are always either subtitled or translated . 
  and an eu government would most definitely have people from all over the eu , there would be no emperor or no supreme leader , just a group of like-minded people who 'd present ideas to be either approved or not in the eu parliament who 'd be voted for directly by everyone . 
  as for the smaller countries , that can also be applied to smaller cities . 
  just like merkel did n't visit every village in germany to become chancellor , why would an eu leader of government have to visit malta if it was n't an issue ? 
  would he care less for them than he would if they were from sicily in italy or from corsica in france ? 
  language would n't be an issue , and neither would the people from smaller countries just be ignored ( i simply can foresee that happening , any politician who tried to ignore anyone would be branded as not caring for the people of europe and would hardly remain in power like that ) . 
  besides , it 's not like things would be centralized , an eu federation would be more like an eu commission or central government that you could vote for , not the end of any country or any region . 
  that would be impossible and that 's not the point . 
  we 're asking for more transparency and choice regarding eu , not for a central authority regulating everything as if you could administrate over ireland as they do in austria or over france as they do in sweden . 
  we 're on the same page here , this is n't something that can be done overnight or without care , so it 's not something that can be rushed , not if we want it to be functional and fair . 
  yours is a legitimate concern , but it 's like it 's only yours , i 'm sure everyone here would rather leave things as they are now than lose sovereignty for no substantial benefit . 
  all i support is that we at least try to continue working together for democracy , peace and prosperity , and not let this ambitious project to be hijacked by failed attempts , by pessimism or by third parties trying to capitalize on our hardships . 
  this has great potential , let 's at least at try to make it work . 
  if you 're skeptical , more motivation for me and those who support these ideas to work even harder to demonstrate to those more euroskeptical that this indeed can indeed work . 
  that 's like saying everyone who 's a subscriber of [ / r/unitedkingdom ] ( / r/unitedkingdom ) fully supports its government and its policies . 
  taxes , at least the ones over companies , should be uniform in all of the eu for the simple reason that it would make the free market much more fair , and the free market was the basis for all of the eu . 
  i would n't go as far as saying all taxes should be the same because i simply do n't see sweden taxing the same as poland or spain taxing the same as cyprus , but still , the more simple and uniform the tax code is for everyone , the easier things would be for everyone . 
  they probably do , it 's probably invaluable for them to work , live or travel in their own country . 
  in eu most people speak english , and afaik it 's part of the national school curriculum in every country , why should it be such an issue ? 
  how do we communicate here ? 
  like most people here on r/europe , english is n't my first language , does that mean i ca n't communicate with a finnish or with a polish , only with other portuguese ? 
  no , of course not . 
  are you implying people would only vote in people from their own country or just would n't vote if said candidate was n't fluent in for example romanian or polish ? 
  in the eu parliament they 're organized by political parties , people vote in politicians from their countries to the eu parliament elections and then they there organize according to their political ideology . 
  would it be that much more difficult for those eu political parties to come up with candidates so every eu citizen could then vote in a general election for the presidency of an european federation ? 
  i think you 're making up problems in where there are none , sure , this could be a troublesome and weird thing at first but language barriers are definitely not the great barriers in this . 
  oh , c'mon , where 's the initiative ? 
  would we be where we are today if we ever gave up before even trying ? 
  did we rise from barbaric tribes to the world owners with that attitude ? 
  did we rise from the ashed of two world wars to where we are today thinking like that ? 
  why are you undervaluing hopes and dreams so much , when that has always been our inspiration ? 
  we europeans have achieved so much even when we were in such fierce competition and always trying to undermine each other , imagine the possibilities if we all worked together , forget about china and their slave labor , forget about america and their dollar , if we set our differences aside they 'd all be put to a corner , that i have no doubt about . 
  sure , for now it 's just a dream , but it 's a goal , something to look forward to , something achievable with a great effort and that would lay the foundations to stability and prosperity for future generations , and i honestly believe that 's something we can all aspire to . 
  but i perfectly understand you and this i just mentioned seems to be the biggest issue , it 's like we do n't even want to try to make things better anymore , we continue to complain but work nothing to change it . 
  and the sad thing is that if we just wanted we could achieve it , in fact , that 's the key element . 
  a unified europe through tyranny is unachievable , i 'm sure the roman empire , the 1st french empire or the 3rd reich would agree to that , but an europe through diplomacy and mutual understanding , with common goals and core values , well , here we are , even if you consider only post maastricht it 's now been 18 years , and sure , things might be much better , but they could also be much worse . 
  look to the usa , look to china , look to india , look to brasil , look to russia ... tell me , are any of them better than we are today ? 
  are we really that bad or would we be better off alone versus them ? 
  call me an idealist , but i rather look at it as a challenge rather than just a dream , increased understanding and cooperation , that 's something worth working for , right ? 
  i mean , i think it beats sitting around the house looking to the world spinning round and round through the window doing nothing and complaining on the internet when things do n't go the way we wanted them to . 
  just like most spanish do n't speak all languages , most canadians do n't speak french and most british do n't speak scottish gaelic , obviously nobody would demand people to know all european languages . 
  in fact , i 'm 100 % positive that even if all of europe was a unified country , that would n't mean that suddenly every road sign in finland would also have to be written in portuguese or dutch , it 's just silly to even think that would be an issue , even more `` an huge issue '' like you said . 
  other than those silly `` welcome '' in a dozen languages signs , that will never happen . 
  :p signs and other things like that here are almost all of them in portuguese , english and french anyway because of tourism and the like so i reckon it would n't change a bit with a federal europe , perhaps they would require at least an english translation to ease the life of every non native , but that already happens without any kind of regulation so it would n't definitely be an huge issue . 
  i did n't say i was for or against increasing eu integration right now , i was just pointing out that is n't such an issue . 
  as for greece , well , perhaps things would have gone better ( or worse , this is arguable ) if we were better integrated and acted as one in tackling the issue before it got out of hand . 
  perhaps that might be the way out , making the eu more like a unified country we are all citizens of with its own government elected by every european rather than just a supranational organization whose member states have the same goals and objectives but not always go down the same path which we have today , and that could helps us in preventing what is happening nowadays that is you having a politician from the country x saying we 'll all do something and then the politician from the country y saying we 'll all do something entirely different , the issue here being that without more unity we ca n't solve the problems with greece ( and any others which might arise ) as easily . 
  or maybe not , maybe we should first deal with greece and only then consider if we should do it , after considering the pros and cons and seeing if it 's worth it and is something most people support . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , i 'm just saying that if things are thought trough and supported by most of europe , it can make life easier for all of us . 
  this is a non issue in a lot of countries . 
  in spain they speak catalan , basque and galician , to name a few , and they manage . 
  the same can be said about scottish gaelic in scotland , uk or quebec french in canada , for example . 
   in the us that bond is belief in the constitution , patriotism . 
  but in the eu some countries are patriots , some are n't , some dislike each other still . 
  that is also true for the uk or spain , what about it ? 
  europe has always been about unity in diversity , not homogeneity , so this is n't exactly an issue . 
  and we all agree in key issues like freedom , democracy and the rule of law , we do n't need all to speak the same language or have all the same political or socioeconomic views to further integration . 
  i know you were joking , but no , the levels of unemployment are higher in spain than they are in portugal . 
  not that it 's much better , we 're both in a bad situation regarding employability . 
  portugal seems to be over represented . 
   one meat popsicle . 
  i think you 're not taking this as a joke . 
   downvoted . 
  because [ this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaut6p9dwxo ),
