   anyway , a company will hire when the employers wage is lower than the revenue + costs ( and reinvestment ) . 
  that difference would be profit . 
  of course . 
   a wage has barely anything to do with labour worth . 
  yes it has , a wage and the benefits are the compensation for the labour . 
  if a company does n't want to pay what the employee is worth it , then the employee wo n't work there as the employee wo n't benefit from it ; just like a customer wo n't get a car below market price just because he 's not willing to come to an agreement with the car dealer . 
   for an employer it 's simply , the lower the better . 
  obviously , but for the employee , the higher the better . 
  it 's all about demand and supply of labour , the costs of one side being the benefits of the other . 
   and $ 800 instead of $ 1000 just means $ 200 extra profit . 
  and 1000 $ instead of 800 $ just means 200 $ extra for the employee . 
  regardless of how the negotiation goes , if there 's an agreement then it 's because both the employer or the employee benefit . 
   there 's no direct correlation between minimum wage and more jobs at all . 
  there is because once you increase the minimum wage past the threshold of the market price , it becomes unprofitable . 
  for example , in that example , there might be a business across the border that pays 900 $ and makes the same product , if we were to set the minimum wage at 1000 $ then the other product would be 100 $ cheaper . 
  this would be silly because on the long run all the jobs would be lost here and the people just across the border would then be getting all of the money . 
  furthermore , between a guy straight out of college and a guy in his 30s , a company might be willing to employ both , one for 800 $ or the other for 1000 $ , with the minimum wage the only choice is to hire the 30 year old guy for 1000 $ , thereby increasing the youth unemployment . 
   only when this is reinvested ( implying there 's a market for it ) extra jobs could be created . 
  it 's not only like this , even if the 200 $ go to the worker as opposed to the employer , that worker can also use those 200 $ to start a business of his own . 
   so really , only in the situation where a higher minimum wage would mean the difference between profit and loss would this argument valid , but i 'm guessing you 'll need an obscenely high minimum wage to get to that level . 
  you 're right , unless the minimum wage is above the market value of the labour it has any effect , and for pretty much everybody , the minimum wage is too low . 
  though it is true that there are people ( such as myself ) whose qualifications are n't worth paying a full minimum wage and so , in my case , i 'm either stuck doing unremunerated internships or not working at all as the government wo n't allow people like me being employed for less than 470 $ * 14 months . 
  this is very silly , that 's why i support the austrian , german , danish , swedish or finnish system , because it allows for people such as myself to come to an agreement and get a lower minimum wage while people who have worked for years and are much more experienced to get a much higher one , as long as it does n't interfere with the market value , it wo n't create unemployment , and the portuguese system of an arbitrary value that 's the same for everybody does just that . 
   much more important to explain this map are labour costs and worker productivity . 
  which would also explain abberations within countries with the same minimum wage like wallonia and nord pas de calais because these are regions that have a low productivity because of historical reasons ( closing mines for example ) . 
  you 're absolutely right , to assume that unemployment is only caused by the minimum wage is ludicrous , though i never said that . 
  it can be a serious factor or it can be negligible/non-existent , the point i was making is that the minimum wage does promote unemployment that targets much more strongly the youth . 
  but no , you 're right , it 's not the most important factor , other labour laws , the tax system , the demographic composition or the natural resources , to name some examples , these can promote much more unemployment that the minimum wage ever does . 
   on an international scale we have germany that has reinvested in its economy for decades , compared to greece whose capitalist class has invested its money abroad and in luxury yachts which made greece pretty much determined to export feta cheese and olives . 
  i 'll say that you 're partially right as there 's some truth there but you ca n't just say the investments in greece were for the most part unwise because of the `` capitalist class '' , that 's silly , they would invest in greece just like the germans invested in germany if the greek government had provided the same conditions and incentives for productive investment in their country . 
  ( i 'll ignore the class bit as i do n't think it would be interesting to debate social mobility with you . ), 
   i do n't know , i thought unemployment was fairly low during the ussr and now all these governments have adopted a right wing government there 's a shitload of unemployment . 
  hey everybody , look , this guy actually supports the ussr !, 
  [ lol ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map_of_gdp_per_capita_in_the_eu_in_2007_%28nuts_3%29.png ) !, 
   he 's so successful with his theories in real life that he holds a job where he can browse reddit and comment at least once every hour - every day for the past few months . 
  actually i 'm just a student in university and though i 've already worked in the past , it was never remunerated because , well , the minimum wage is too high for me and it had to be unremunerated internships during the summer holidays . 
  though it 's nice that you 're attacking me instead of attacking my arguments . 
   low minimum wage means lots of unemployment , high minimum wage means mid tier unemployment , and no minimum wage is kind of a mixed bag between very high unemployment and very low . 
  it 's nothing like that , it 's the higher the minimum wage is , the harder it is for people with low skills to qualify for a job . 
  if the minimum wage was 1000 $ , why would someone hire a person whose labour is only worth 800 $ ? 
  oh , and zombie_lenin , it 's nice that you 're going full ad hominem instead of arguing against the data . 
  as long as they do n't build an wooden horse to give to the imf , it should be fine . 
  damn , it must be , if you 're all telling me that x ) they are also great , to be honest , i 've had more expensive gum that out of taste ran out almost instantly - those bubblicious last a long time and they 're my favourite brand , though i hardly ever buy gum . 
   read the text you moron . 
  that 's not nice , why are you being rude ? 
   the strong union presence in the northern european countries mean that the unions are permeating the whole labour market and have relatively balanced long-term perspectives during negotiations as opposed to just being opposed to everything the employer says and does . 
  i think this is the main thing , finding some balance in wage negotiations . 
  that 's why i 'm so supportive of your system , it allows for much more flexibility , it makes unions actually care about the workers they represent on the long run and it does n't allow for unemployment as the worker is also part of the negotiations and can accept to work at a lower rate as opposed to having a much harder time in finding a job . 
   these are negotiated by unions and are not stipulated by the government . 
  thank you . 
  this is the point i 'm trying to make . 
  if it 's the union , the employer and the employee the ones coming to an agreement as opposed to the government , it allows for much more flexibility , it does n't create the youth unemployment problem we have here where till someone joins the labour market it can be a real pain as almost nobody is willing to hire someone with very low qualifications or work experience for 485 $ * 14/year . 
   no statutory minimum wage . 
  minimum wages in those countries are set by unions . 
  which is determined in agreement with also the employer and the worker , allowing for an agreement on the minimum wage below the one determined by the market therefore bypassing the flaws of an arbitrary value like we have . 
  this is specially relevant for youth unemployment as a minimum wage can quite easily be above the value the market determines for the labour leading to the unemployment rates we 're facing . 
   it is interesting that countries without minimum wage have low youth unemployment . 
  how could this be ? 
  [ milton friedman on minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ), 
   one bubble gum is 5 cents ? 
  either portugal is very cheap or your government is subsidizing bubble gums . 
  [ it 's only one bubblegum ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hwqco.jpg ) :p, 
   there is no general definition of hyperinflation more than ~ 50 % / month, 
   pfff as someone who lived through the yugoslav hyperinflation , this is nothing . 
  come back when your smallest note ( one you ca n't even buy a bubble gum with ) is a billion . 
  with the smallest note , 5 $ , i can buy 100 bubble gums . 
   spain is doing worse than france , but with a lower minimum wage spain gdp is falling unlike the french economy that for now is stable . 
   while germany is doing better than france , with no enforced minimum wage also austria or denmark or switzerland . 
  what the heck is that image supposed to mean ? 
  [ minimum wage in europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ac0bb.png ) can you see the correlation or are we meant to be colourblind on this issue ? 
   keep up the good work !, 
  [ heaven has got a plan for you ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnejv0t0ry8 ) !, 
   were they ever ? 
  probably not , though hollande claim they would be . 
   on a darker note , would n't it be horribly disappointing if golden dawn took control just as things improved , and mucked it all up ? 
  you think golden dawn is the real risk threatening greek recovery ? 
   s ^ o ^ b ^ r ^ a ^ v ^ e [ my favourite quote for bravery ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tehwz.jpg ) . 
  dae not believe in god ? 
  yeah , unfortunately for the french , the wealthy are n't such patriots under the new tax rates . 
  or the french could not have tried to tax him at 75 % and still be bringing in revenues from their taxes . 
  hey everybody , op asked about a cheap country ** worth going to ** on holidays , so the answer is obviously portugal , it 's not that expensive and it 's worth every euro . 
   what do you mean ? 
  the council iirc is made up of a majority which are nationalists . 
  i meant to ask if nothing will change and if these protests wo n't die down in the near future . 
  i do n't know , that 's why i 'm asking , 
  so this is the new status quo ? 
   i seem to remember a certain british army that was completly crushed too and forced to abandon mainland europe . 
  that was the [ battle of dunkirk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_dunkirk ) and the [ evacuation of dunkirk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunkirk_evacuation ) , i 'm sure . 
   i 'm curious to know from what this joke comes by the way . 
  oh , it 's the brits and the yanks that started that nonsense during ww2 , even though they were the ones there hiding across the channel or across the pond . 
  why is n't there a sovereignty referendum in northern ireland ? 
  i know that there was one some decades ago but this time perhaps nobody would boycott it now with the devolution and all that , no ? 
   it produces nothing of value while skimming everyone 's else business . 
  [ it does produce value ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#intermediates ) , otherwise it would n't succeed . 
  ( part 2 )  you can point out many ways in which some state employees had somewhat exaggerated rights ten years ago , but that never stopped private companies from finding ways of firing at will . 
  seriously , just restructure the company and end the necessity of their post , or close the company and open another one down the street while transferring assets . 
  which is still too much of an hassle and that 's also costly which leads to that company being less productive and competitive . 
  it should be much simpler to hire and fire and also to start a business . 
   while you can also find many other people who live of entitlements with no intention of ever working a day in their lives , there 's also people who really have extremely debilitating diseases or are unemployed for so long that they are completely unemployable , but i find that no reason for them to have to choose whether to live a life of begging or to die of hunger because , honestly , the opportunists still amounts to peanuts compared to a bpn or a few worthless dams . 
  people with extremely debilitating diseases should n't be a burden on companies , at most they should be at the care of social security or the nhs .
