  they 've always been around , they just are n't that relevant . 
   i do n't want my country to be part of a federation , where the only reason for countries to follow the rules is the severity of the punishment . 
  that btw , is not an equal federation anyway , which is another reason to say no , for everybody . 
  that would n't be the goal of it , the goal would be european unity . 
  better standards for everyone would be just one benefit , there are much more . 
   well , have have a law against that - voted for in our parlament . 
  i do n't see any reason why the portugese or any other country ca n't choose to vote for a law like that , and then implement it . 
  i think it would be better if you did , withouth the eu on you back , that would to me , indicate a real change , and it would n't be enforced from brussels . 
  yeah , well , the political will needs to exist and it would come about easier if everyone made the same compromises . 
  we 're already planning on adding the fiscal golden rule to our constitution but surely the whole thing would be more tranquilizing to foreign investors in europe if everyone did the same , right ? 
  ( btw , it 's portuguese , not portugese . ), 
   well , it is being forced now , and democracy is taking a beating . 
  if a federation is built upon that , it does n't deserve to be built . 
  so , it should stop . 
  while i 'm sure there will be some attempts to further european integration , i ca n't say democracy is taking a beating or that it will be imposed on everyone . 
  do n't go around saying the end is nigh , it clearly is n't . 
   all this is being done , to save the euro in it 's current form . 
  if the ez countries want to do that , of course they can , but i do n't think the euro in it 's current form is worth saving . 
  if the euro is lost then all of europe will lose a lot monetary-wise and future attempts will also be much more difficult to implement , and it would also hamper the free-market . 
   but what i really dislike i the forced quick integration of the eu to save the euro . 
  if one has to sacrifice democracy to save the euro , i really do n't think it 's worth saving . 
  again , democracy is non negotiable , nobody will trample over it because of the currency . 
  everyone who disagrees and does n't want it is free to do so . 
  they still have to fuck like rabbits for generations to catch up to us and that is if they do just that while shut down from society and we stay idle the whole time . 
  i 'm not really afraid of europe ending up more like africa , i mean , if they prove to be a nuisance they can always kindly go back to where they came from . 
  [ view on google maps ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=atlanterhavsveien&amp;hl=no&amp;ll=63.015573,7.349339&amp;spn=0.069245,0.264187&amp;sll=37.0625,-95.677068&amp;sspn=60.806372,135.263672&amp;t=h&amp;hq=atlanterhavsveien&amp;z=13 ) damn , everything in that video looks so cool and chill . 
  because they 're not enforced . 
  what 's the point in having rules if they 're not enforced ? 
  it 's one of the reasons we 'd be stronger together , that way some countries could n't just slack off , which unfortunately some have been . 
  same rules , same standards - if a swede ca n't get away with spending the annual budget in six months , why should a portuguese ? 
   forced integration now is just kicking the can down the road . 
  forced integration is always problems down the road . 
  it ca n't be forced , it must be well planned , decided and agreed by everyone and , if possible , with a referendum , to ensure the population support . 
  you ca n't build a house on quicksand but you ca n't also stand on top of it doing nothing . 
  first let 's start by getting everyone out of danger , hopefully while saving greece as well . 
  later we 'll worry about furthering the union . 
  if a stronger union proves useful in avoiding hardships sooner rather than later , then we 'll do that as well , obviously taking also in considerations the mistakes already made with the euro . 
  this is exactly one of the reasons why a stronger union could be beneficial , it would mean stronger regulation and the same standards everywhere . 
  fuck that shit , freedom is non negotiable . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8adiimexmmw they basically just spew hatred and fear . 
  [ theresa may ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theresa_may ) , not only is she home secretary of the uk , she 's also the minister for women and equality . 
  that 's a twisted sense of equality , though i guess she 's right , no freedoms or privacy for everyone is equality . 
   well , why have n't you build up a system like that then ? 
  if one care about paying taxes for example , why are people evading . 
  because they can get away with it . 
  because the justice system is slow and inefficient . 
   no , my money who now goes to stockholm to politician whom i know to be some of the least corrupt in the world , would go to brussel , where they would be taken care of by politician who , let 's just say , are not know for being the least corrupted in the world . 
  the politicians would be the same , the ones that are now in stockholm making decisions for all of sweden would still do that . 
  they 'd just be together with other european politicians to govern together over the european aspects . 
  you ca n't have politicians from all over europe governing sweden and you ca n't have only swedes ruling over europe , i think this is just fair . 
   i could for example be responsible for paying for the greeks , to a much broader extent than i am now . 
  that , while the greeks are on number 80 on the transparency international list ( beaten by half of africa for example ) and where tax evasion is rampant . 
  greece is a special case which requires a much closer look . 
  nevertheless , greece would have to be the one reaching the best levels of transparency , not everyone else downgrading to their level . 
  and when it comes to these issues , a single set of laws and requirements would go a long way . 
  that way , when you payed the greeks , you 'd know that they would have to follow the same strict regulation that you do and not a more loose one . 
  again , it 's only fair , if you 're paying them , you should have the same guarantees that you would have if you were paying another swede . 
   it would be sheer madness to hand over power to countries who do n't think they need to follow rules and regulation and do n't place the same importance on these things as the swedes do which is why stronger laws and a stronger union would benefit us all . 
  if your strict laws and regulation were the same all over the eu , everyone else would stop performing sub-optimally , it 's a change of pace that ca n't be made in a day but in the long run would be best for all of us . 
  trust me on that , at least here , we look up to sweden and the nordic countries and admire your standards , if those were also in place here , we 'd all benefit . 
   i do think however that more of the portugese ( for example ) politicians are corrupt than the finnish ones . 
  handing over more power to politicians who , statistically at least are more corrupt is just stupid . 
  * portuguese and what i meant about the politicians is the same , with your legislation and regulation , our politicians would be the same in regards to corruption as those from there , corruption is n't determined by the coordinates on the map but rather by the benefits and costs of it , with your regulation and control , the costs of it would outweigh the benefits and corruption would also be minimal here . 
  also , keep in mind that the only efforts to further integration are in the ones that matter to whole of europe , and those decisions need to be made by everyone . 
  local and regional government would remain the same , it 's not like your town mayor would suddenly be a foreigner , much less a corrupt one that is immune to swedish law . 
  no , it wo n't become a wasteland . 
  and no , we wo n't turn back into warmongering tribes . 
  while there might be some guilt from our past , that does n't mean they can just come where and enforce their will on the rest of us . 
  sure , we 're open minded , but we 're not stupid . 
  this kind of extremism always backlashes on them . 
   not sure why ... really ? 
  perhaps they 're the only ones who take everything out of proportion , no ? 
  check the first part of [ this jim jefferies video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vefl11huqxy ) , i 'm sure you 'll understand . 
  what do you mean ? 
  for example , if norway joined this federal europe , the difference would be that instead of some norwegians in oslo making decisions for all of norway , it would be some norwegians in brussels ( or whatever city ends up as the administrative centre of a federal europe ) making decisions to all of norway and , alongside other politicians from europe , to all of the federation . 
  sovereignty would n't just disappear , governance would n't simply vanish , it would just be reallocated . 
  certainly a high degree of regionalisation would still be in place , the only difference would be that in the issues that matter to all of europe , everyone would be together in the same place making the same plan for achieving the same goals . 
  would this be such a bad thing ? 
  it 's basically the same thing but in a different place and with more people voicing in their concerns and suggestions . 
  you 're confusing government incompetence and legal system inefficiency with actual policies . 
  if anything , further integration should help in setting and enforcing the best standards all over europe . 
  do n't worry , we 're not out to corrupt you or anything , it 's the opposite , we want to be more like you in this regard and a stronger union would achieve just that while also making us stronger when compared to the rest of the world . 
  it just needs to be done right . 
  regarding corruption , it 's not because the nordic countries are inherently less corrupt than the mediterranean ones , it 's because of your efficient judicial system and regulation . 
  if anything , your anti-corruption system is ideal and should be put in place in all of the eu , it will never be the other way around , of replacing efficient systems with more ineffective ones , which unfortunately the anti-corruption systems are here in the south . 
  regarding the sovereignty zero-sum game , what do you mean with links or proof ? 
  sovereignty does n't disappear , it 's just transfered . 
  it 's like if your capital was n't in stockholm and was instead in brussels , the swedish politicians would n't disappear , they 'd just be working somewhere else alongside other politicians from all over europe . 
  the whole is more than the sum of its parts . 
  every country in itself would lose sovereignty but europe as a whole would benefit from it . 
  that 's like saying the swedish government in stockholm does n't care about the swedes in skane or in lappland . 
  nonsense . 
   to get closer to a `` united states of europe '' ( which would be much more resilient to the type of crisis we have ) every country should hand over much of its power and independence it 's all perspective , you can say the countries need to hand over much of their power and independence to europe the same way you could say that about each province or region within a state . 
  for example , brittany , corsica or aquitaine seem to be doing fairly well within france and the analogy is the same . 
  it 's not necessarily a bad thing , it can actually be quite beneficial if done right . 
  i for one am not really that concerned about it . 
  we 'd all lose some national sovereignty but europe as a whole would benefit , it 's a zero-sum game . 
  with regards to the politicians themselves , being ruled over by lisbon or by brussels does n't seem that different to me , they both act equally incompetent . 
  they care when it might cost their job . 
  unfortunately greece now does n't really provide the best investment opportunities and that 's hurting their employment .
