  it is not compatible with halal . 
    convert to islam you racists !, 
  i personally find it funny how quickly you changed the subject from a question of cuisine to immigrants and muslims . 
  i 'd like to see a video of an old lady asking you : `` it 's a lovely weather , is n't it ? '', 
  and you replying : `` it 's even better in mecca , now convert to islam and embrace the one true faith , faggot ! '', 
   pretty sure hitler thought the same . 
  pretty sure a lot of nations nowadays and even within the eu think the same . 
   it comes two weeks after she accused the ukip leader of bullying and being `` anti-women '' and `` a stalinist '' and threatened to leave the party . 
    in response , mr farage said the tories `` deserve what is coming to them '' and added : `` the woman is impossible . '', 
  it seems to me they need some couple counselling . 
   sounds like we need some more austerity to bring us out of recession ... any day now ... any day . 
  austerity does n't bring anybody out of a recession , it simply helps in avoiding further sovereign-debt crisis . 
  english already is a language of the eu . 
   how to be portuguese in 1 easy step :   feel depressed and negative about everything !, 
   that 's the sweet stuff that gives you a hell of a headache , right ? 
  you clearly have n't mastered the craft , dude . 
  a proper drink tastes like a glass of bread !, 
  bah , i do n't drink beer , like the song goes , [ i drink to get drunk ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrvgqr54z38 ) , not to take a piss later . 
  when i do drink , it 's sangria ( sometimes it 's wine ) , vodka and occasionally a few shots ( depending on my standing ) . 
   there is no shame in getting something non-alcoholic between your drinks if that means you can get home on your own after a party . 
  i do n't do that , if we are only drinking then i take it slowly , if we are also eating , i stuff some food in between . 
  after the ~ 10th pint of sangria it gets immensely difficult but by then it 's wise to consider stopping the drinking . 
   so surely that makes it the fourth most inert ? 
  zimbabwe does n't count as an economy . 
   vomiting on someone else 's shoes is n't a good idea either , though . 
  puking at all fucking sucks , just take your time with the drink and you should be fine . 
   jokes on you , i do n't even have any friends !, 
  if that 's true , it 's quite sad . 
   well , scottish and english culture today are not as widely different as they were at the time of union . 
  just look how far english as a language has penetrated into scotland for instance , displacing both gaelic and scots . 
  there 's a case to be made that the uk is more damaging to your argument than helping it . 
  in that case , the eu 's great for you and you 'll support it fully , just give it a couple of centuries , you 'll get used to it :p, 
   well , see , the locksmiths have already declared they refuse , so i guess next step is to ask the guy with the heavy cutting equipment ... 
  the only occasion where it 's ok for a firefighter to evict someone is if the building 's on fire , but in that case , it really is n't an eviction but rather saving someone 's life !, 
   so how can such a europe be `` united '' and yet remain `` european '' ? 
  how can such a united kingdom be `` united '' and yet remain `` english '' and `` scottish '' ( and some other things as well ) ? 
   would such a unity also require the sacrifice of cultures , identities , perhaps even of languages and peoples themselves . 
  yep , the eu is enforcing the burning of books written in other languages , my name has been changed into eu694911673 and they 've sacrificed my younger brother to huehueteotl . 
   the unity of the soviet union was only achieved at the cost of several genocides . 
  and the unity of italy was only achieved at the cost of garibaldi and some others . 
  and the unity of the uk was only achieved with the force of arms , and even so part of ireland broke off . 
  and the unity of the usa was only achieved with killing the natives , giving citizenship to all to came there , seizing parts of mexico , buying alaska from russia and staging a coup to incorporate hawaii . 
  as for the unity of the eu , so far it 's only been with bilateral treaties and agreements , yeah , all this blood is on our hands . 
   clearly no one seriously accuses european federalists of such intentions . 
  although the language of some of the federalist extremists describes a unitary sort of `` european '' citizen which must strike terror into anyone familiar with the history of european dictatorships . 
  i really do n't know how these people feel oppressed when they reach bilateral agreements . 
  http://i.imgur.com/cqxikyp.jpg  for the european union , jan. 1 2014 is going to be a potentially charged day . 
  it 's the day that romanians and bulgarians will be given free , unlimited access to the european labor market . 
  both countries have been full members of the eu since 2007 , but under the terms of accession , they were not to be given full freedom of labor movement for a transitional period of seven years . 
  this is silly , we 're talking about the labour market , what 's wrong with them applying for jobs elsewhere in the union ? 
   the mood is particularly tense in great britain . 
  next week , a by-election is taking place in eastleigh for an empty seat in the house of commons , and the governing tories have markedly ratcheted up their rhetoric against what they have dubbed `` welfare tourism . '', 
  sounds to me that the problem here is their welfare programme , not the free movement of people . 
   `` we 're not tough enough right now about people coming from the other side of the world who decide to use our health service , '' prime minister david cameron recently stated . 
  `` they have n't contributed in their taxes . 
  they should pay when they use the nhs , '' the national health system . 
  then make it so that only people who pay their taxes get to use the nhs . 
  is it really that difficult ? 
   and british work and pensions secretary iain duncan smith has thundered against other europeans who `` use the free movement rules just to travel around , looking for the best benefits they can get . '', 
  what 's wrong with people travelling around ? 
  does n't that actually help the economy ? 
  as for people looking for the best benefits they can get , that happens not only with eastern europeans but with everybody !, 
  it 's only human nature for people to seek out the best opportunities , if those opportunities are living at the expense of others , then it 's the system and the laws in place and not the people that are wrong . 
  by that logic , freedom of movement of british citizens should be restricted within the uk itself , i mean , what if they use that freedom to travel around and look for the best benefits they can get ? 
   `` so here we stand , staring at the oncoming train , but ... utterly impotent , '' leave the tracks and isolate yourself then , you 're free to leave the eu and gun down those who try to make it across the channel . 
   with this `` potentially huge political and social disaster hurtling down the tracks , '' the paper warned , cameron and his government are standing , `` frozen in the headlamps , waiting for the crash in january . '', 
  damn , it 's as if we were scapegoating all the evils on society on a select foreign group of people . 
   the story is accompanied by a photo of a group of downtrodden roma standing in front of a dumpster . 
  i also really do n't enjoy being around gypsies but i 'm pretty sure these wo n't be affected by the free movement of labour . 
   britain is n't the only eu country where politicians are raising the alarm . 
  in france , the extreme right has taken up the issue in an attempt to mobilize voters . 
  after the socialist party government of president francois hollande moved in autumn to expand the number of fields in which romanians and bulgarians are permitted to work within in the country , from 150 to 291 , marine le pen of the front national ( fn ) party described the move as a `` scandalous decision , especially given that france is already suffering from mass unemployment . '', 
  really ? 
  is this the criticism being raised ? 
  do the french want even more protectionism ? 
  `` french jobs for french people '' ? 
   given a high unemployment rate that may reach a record 10 percent by mid-year , unions are also eyeing with suspicion the arrival of potential labor-market competition from the east . 
  the government itself is divided on the issue . 
  the french senate , with votes from the socialists and the opposition , squashed a motion by the green party to eliminate the restrictions earlier than planned , in autumn . 
  it 's a strange world when it 's the greens the ones that are more economically liberal . 
   meanwhile , in germany the debate is being carried out under the slogan `` poverty immigration . '', 
  just like it happened back when the usa was a new country , they suffered so much from the poor masses that emigrated there , worked hard and made a living for them and their children . 
   but there 's a lot to suggest that the removal of the last remaining labor market barriers will change the situation considerably . 
  at germany 's labor ministry , officials are fond of pointing to the experience of lifting labor market restrictions for citizens in neighboring poland . 
  at the beginning of 2012 , polish nationals were given unrestricted access to the eu labor market , but there was no sudden flood of immigration . 
  most of the poles who wanted to immigrate to other countries already had . 
  hey , look , evidence that lifting the restrictions was n't harmful . 
   the fixation with 2014 ignores the fact that many romanians and bulgarians are already permitted to work in germany . 
  in addition to academics , this also applies to skilled workers and job trainees . 
  and any romanian or bulgarian has the right to set up his or her own business in germany or work as a freelancer . 
  lol  the sole remaining labor market barrier applies only to unskilled workers ; currently they can only enter the country for six months at a time as seasonal workers . 
  nothing will happen , why are people so upset ? 
   a similar gradual transition is also taking place in france . 
  since last autumn , most employment sectors have been open to the southeastern europeans . 
  highly bureacratic procedures for obtaining a work permit have also been simplified . 
  all a romanian or bulgarian worker has to do in france today is to pay a $ 700 tax and obtain permission from the local municipality . 
  these steps are intended to make integration simpler for the new immigrants . 
  now this is getting funny , it 's like `` we do n't like you but we like your money '' . 
   as such , those romanians and bulgarians looking to leave home for western europe have had that possibility open to them -- and many have taken advantage of it . 
  more than 1 million romanians currently work in italy ; in spain there are 900,000 .
