   i guess he thinks that since in 2010 switzerland 's labor laws became more lax ( according to the first graph ) and , according to that same graph , switzerland 's unemployment started falling in january 2010 , then this proves that laxer labor laws correlate positively with falling unemployment . 
  not really , between a 4 % and a 3 % unemployment rate in switzerland , it 's wholly irrelevant . 
  btw , how 's italy doing with its 12 % unemployment rate ? 
  portugal is at 16.5 % , spain at 26 % and greece at 28 % . . but i guess you may be right , thank fuck for the government regulation of the labour market !, 
   also , switzerland 's economy received a very small hit by the crisis and recovered very quickly . 
  so with a more liberalised economy , one recovers more quickly ? 
  colour me surprised . 
   in short : we need more regulation of the labour market to avoid exploitation of the working masses !, 
  go portugal , spain and greece !, 
  teach them how it 's done !, 
  ftfy . 
   we don \u00b4 t have that . 
  you do n't have social security ? 
  then what 's up with over 1/3 of your government expenditures being pensions ? 
   and spain still has one of the better health care systems . 
  as of now , yes , you still can afford it . 
  i do n't know if your children will , though , considering the debt you 've accumulated just made it much more difficult for them . 
   worse of than that ? 
  worse than switzerland , new zealand or australia , for example . 
   are you blaming the education , the health care , the retirement pensions and social programs to fight the poverty for the current depression . 
  i 'm blaming massive public expenditures . 
  that 's part of the issue and we both know it . . you complain about the politicians and their corruption , and you 're right , they did fuck you up , though it was with these kinds of excuses that they did what they did . 
  just think about your logic , you say you want x , y and z provided for free by the government but it 's you the ones you pay for the taxes that pay for said x , y and z. . why not cut out the middleman and all the expenses associated with it ? 
  why do you act all surprised when the taxes you paid do n't go to fund x , y and z but instead some other thing the elected officials wanted to spend your money on ? 
  it 's no wonder that the current system is unsustainable , you 're bound to have politicians choosing to spend tax money on worthless things and you 're bond to accumulate a lot of debt that will be leftover to the future generations . . is that what you really want ? 
   the pension system has been reformed already . 
  the retirement age is being raised to 67 . 
  and the government has removed the revision the pension with inflation . 
  but , the populagion is aging very quicky . 
  yup , a ponzi scheme is unsustainable , i get that . 
   at some point , the economy needs to be fixed . 
  the economy needs to be fixed now . . but how would you exactly do that ? 
  by continuing to rack up deficits and leave the debt to the future generation ? 
   it 's that or having millions without health care , education , pensions , house ( with 3 millions of empty houses ) ... 
  but nobody seems interested in that . 
  seems to me you 're worse off now that you technically have universal healthcare , education , pensions and housing provided for by the government . 
  cuba also has that and look at the shithole it is . 
  the poor would n't have access . 
  not everybody . 
  so you 're complaining that the current system is making everybody poorer and then you conclude that the system ca n't be changed because it would result in poverty . . you seem to have a bad case of cognitive dissonance . 
   i fully agree , governments should do counter-cyclical policies , so you agree with me , austerity is bad . 
  on the x axis , the difference between the real output and the potential output of the portuguese economy ( so on the left you 're in recession and on the right you 're in expansion ) ; on the y axis , the primary deficit of the portuguese economy ( so on the top you 're taxing more than you 're spending and on the bottom you 're deficit spending ) . 
  [ graph ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sik51id.png ) if keynesianism was compatible with real life politics , one would expect a correlation coefficient of -1 , yet it is n't and it never happens . 
  you can even see difference between 2009 and 2010/11 and the effect of the elections had and how unsustainable the debt proved to be . 
  i 'm past that , what i agree with is that governments should n't be in the business of trying to run an economy and there should be no discretionary measures neither to stimulate or contract economic growth ( and , as we all know , no politician who wants to be elected ever advocates taxing more than spending , and we end up with ever increasing public debt till the interest rates on those prove too much ) . 
   otoh if it was n't for the central banks intervention , mainly by the fed , this crisis would have been a lot worse , europe could be doing a lot better if it had a proper central bank instead of this retarded euro standard . 
  what an absolute joke , the ecb has been fine , the fed on the other hand keeps on ruining the value of the usd is just keeping on riding the bubble . 
  [ is this what you want for the eu ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eoetil-mim ) ? 
   i see , since the austerity you love is n't working in the real world , you have joined the austerity denialists crowd claiming it never actually happened . 
  [ oh look , according to banco de portugal , government spending is actually increasing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fdzzevw.png ) !, 
   you now argue semantics of what is and what is n't austerity , we have effectively cut expenses in all state services , state payments , and increased taxes ; if we are n't doing austerity i do n't know what that is . 
  since semantics seems to bother you , i 'll just say it again - taxes are n't austerity . 
  if the government cuts spending and increases taxes , like our pm set out to do , fix the debt problem 1/3 through revenue and 2/3 through spending cuts , you 're bound to just contract the economy even further , though it 's no wonder , the thing is you must look to the long term and in the long term interest rates play a major role ( so the deficits need to be kept in check aka no fiscal recklessness ) and the more government does n't spend it 's the more people wo n't have to pay in taxes ( so austerity will mean that the state will spend less now but you 'll pay less in taxes later ) . 
   let 's see the spanish budget . 
  where would you apply the austerity ? 
  your pension system sure needs to be reformed , the whole green `` economic action '' could be cut and overall there could be small cuts on everything that 's not essential such as the justice and security system . 
   you also get public education , health care , retirement pension , public transport , citizen security ... 
  true that , if you pay taxes to get something in return , it 's an exchange like any other , the problem arises when you do n't get your money 's worth and are forced to pay for things that wo n't benefit you . 
  so while i make no arguments against paying taxes to pay for the police or the courts or perhaps even the schools and the hospitals , it 's foolish to think that this is good on its own and that this is free and that there are no alternatives , that if it was n't for the government nobody would have means of transportation or housing or health insurance . 
  what puzzles me the most is how people see that their governments are corrupt and that politicians ( like everybody else ) are more interest in their own well-being than they are on the well-being of everybody else and still try to push for more government intervention in the economy and try to fix this not by reducing the scope in which it can intervene but instead by making it even bigger but with different people in charge , as if there was some people out there who are selfless and wise and would ever be able to know exactly how to regulate and manage an economy best . 
   no things were n't fine at all . 
  there were trouble all the time , there were bubbles and depressions too and there were no decent tools to deal with them much like it 's happening now in the eurozone . 
  there have always been business cycles . 
  these have often been made worse by government intervention which constantly acts for the cycle , deficit spending in good times and facing the need to readjust in recessions . 
   no it 's not . 
  the only places where spending has increased is for interest payments and transfers , all other spending has decreased quite substantially . 
  yet government spending is still at half the gdp , not exactly austerity . 
   interesting because it 's europe who is forcing us to accept loans . 
  yup , germany forced you to get into debt and then forced you to ask them for money . 
  never at any point did the other country had the chance to not get into debt nor to get financing elsewhere . 
  lol  it 's a debt business and germany is the clear winner here . 
  unsurprisingly enough , those who loan money only do that because they 'll get remunerated . 
  if you expect an interest rate when you deposit your money in the bank then so does germany when they loan money to other countries . 
   after 2nd world war , germany got help from everyone . 
  now we need help and we are being fucked . 
  `` hurr durr , germany got help after ww2 '' . . how is that even relevant ? 
   there 's not much correlation , actually . 
  you also said that about the minimum wage and youth unemployment , ideology can make you blind to empirical evidence . 
   four years have gone since those reforms were introduced , and both countries are still fucked up . 
  the reforms have been hardly meaningful , we still have of the most restrictive labour markets in the eu , and it 's certainly not in four years that you clean up the mess that has been stacking for over forty years . 
  here in portugal it 's still easier to shut down a plant with 150 employees than it is to fire 10 workers that have been on the company for a long time . 
   no measures have been introduced targeting reestructuration of the productive system along stimulus packs . 
  but , yeah , sure , you can keep drinking sea water . 
  drinking sea water ? 
  yup , that 's pretty much what stimulus spending does to an economy , it 's all good till it goes to shit . 
   regarding your awesome statistical analysis , i 'm not even commenting it , because you did n't even include a damn pearson coef . 
  the harder it is to fire employees , the more reluctant companies are to hire people . 
  you really need a correlation coefficient to demonstrate this ? 
   however if you want the eurozone to continue to exist , there must be solutions for the eurozone to deleverage at a transnational level . 
  aka we must live at the expense of other countries . 
  if you want to kill the eurozone , that 's the way to go . 
  at a transnational level , once upon a time countries were on a gold-standard and once upon another time they were on fixed exchange rates and unsurprisingly enough the whole thing was fine without transfers . 
   you will go bankrupt with austerity anyway , as can be seen by our rising debt to gdp , austerity is no solution . 
  we with austerity ? 
  if by austerity , you mean rhetoric , sure , but if you look at actual government spending , it 's increasing , aka not austerity . 
   why do you think she makes declarations saying europe should lose power to the member states because the eu is trying to increase regulation of the economy , restrict free trade and get more powers to engage in fiscal policy , which is basically going down the same path the usa has gone and it 's doomed to fail . 
   that greece should not have been allowed in the euro because it should n't , the greeks should be responsible to themselves and it should n't be us and the rest of europe the ones paying for their fuck-ups . 
   we are a big success story of austerity policies our austerity is a joke though we did demonstrate that we can endure the changes required and we 're already rebounding . 
  comparatively to say spain or greece , sure , we 're a success story . 
   it can be also austerity and bankruptcy .
