  i do am starting to worry for my friends ' mental condition though , they might not take it if sporting continues to sink xd, 
   but this is a new low , though . 
  do n't say that , they might still go down to the second division . 
  my friends who are unfortunate enough to be lagartos do hate godinho lopes . 
  profit   you always profit this is n't south park !, 
   the public is very divided . 
  none of the parties want to do anything , as they 'll alienate 1/4 to half of their base if they legislate . 
  precisely because of that you need a referendum . 
  that way it 's the people who choose and not politicians , because then it would be even more controversial to ignore the referendum 's results . 
   even if they call a referendum it will be controversial , as the wording will be contested , along with the option presented . 
  what we asked here was the following :  * do you agree with the decriminalization of the voluntary interruption of the pregnancy , if it takes place in the first 10 weeks and in an authorized healthcare institution ? 
  * should n't this suffice to solve this issue in ireland ? 
   actually we had two referendums ... 
  the first one came out `` no '' , so some years afterwards they pushed a second that got `` yes '' . 
  and that 's how we are now . 
  i know but the first one was almost 10 years before and it had a low turnout and even then the result was almost a draw ( 50.3 % vs 49.7 % ) . 
  with the second referendum and almost 60 % of the electors saying yes , the issue has indeed been solved here , but even before it was n't that prevalent , certainly not like in ireland where it 's still a big issue . 
   we had a referendum before , and a supreme court ruling . 
  it 's just no politician has had the balls to actually legislate according to wikipedia :  [ irish abortion referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=irish+abortion+referendum&amp;title=special%3asearch ) vs [ portuguese abortion referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?search=portuguese+abortion+referendum&amp;title=special%3asearch ) care to elaborate on your referendum ? 
  start a revolution  2 . profit 1 . 
  start a revolution 1 . 
  get arrested by the police 1 . 
  spend some time in jail 1 . 
  nothing of value was won, 
   the government would never go for that . 
  if it was just the labour party in power it might happen but fine gael would never give us a referendum . 
  enda kenny ( leader of fg ) has said that he will never legislate for abortion . 
  then i guess the issue will continue to linger for some time . 
  it 's quite a shame that politicians are trying to legislate in behalf of but not according to the wishes of the population they are meant to represent . 
  abortion is one of those very controversial issues which imo can only be solved by a referendum , politicians deciding over it like what 's happening in ireland or judges who ruled it in the usa is just asking for the issue to continue to persist on and on . 
   sporting cp 's awful season . 
  scp has been doing awfully for some years now . 
   start referendum and become part of china do n't they have a constitution that prevents stuff like this ? 
   at this point , it looks like they will legislate for as little as possible , and ignore the issue for another 20 years . 
  a referendum solved that issue once and for all here in portugal . 
  ca n't you do the same ? 
   i disagree , i think the biggest debate right now is what should the role of the state be , as our state begins to try to either charge for everything or simply not do anything but debt interest payments , as it does n't have any money . 
  yeah , that as well , it 's all related to the debt we 've accumulated and our economy that does n't seem it will improve any time soon . 
   once you start receiving your retirement checks maybe that will change . 
  that 's hardly meaningful . 
  one that actually cares about the sustainability of our social security system has much higher priorities to deal with such as tax evasion , promotion of natality and an effective migration policy . 
  forcing gays to have children is not only highly ineffective but also plain stupid . 
  coffee vs tea ? 
  nah , just kidding , i 'd say it 's the whole `` more austerity '' or `` we 've had enough of this and should instead ask for more help '' . 
  we ought to at least be charging the americans for this . 
   yeah , with lots of insults . 
  i 'm sure barroso is shedding a tear right now . . x ), 
  i 'm addicted to being lazy , gibe money pls, 
  i miss the cool popes , brb , going to watch the borgias again, 
   communist in 1970s , that must mean that he 's a communist now , in 2012 , amirite ? 
  what did he say ? 
  that barroso is a communist ? 
  lol !, 
  the only - ist he is is an opportunist !, 
   oh k :p i had the game bug out once before but it got nowhere as far as this . 
   please tell me the little brown spot in the north of the netherlands is still frysl\u00e2n . 
  :d yup , that 's friesland bordered by cornwall and cyprus xd, 
   ( i actually do , but it is funny to see how some people from azores who have lived in the continent for a while are able to turn on/off there intense accent so easily ) same thing here , when i went there i could barely pick anything up ( both from the people i was with and those on rtp a\u00e7ores ) though i have colleagues from there in my class and while they still have an accent , i can understand them perfectly here :p, 
   what the . . 
  whaa ?!? 
  must be a multiplayer right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was someone who used the console to change the map to something all weird like this , it 's a frequently posted image whenever someone mentions `` realistic worlds '' like paradox did when they were creating the game . 
   inca songhai in west africa ... which version are you playing and is this legit ? ... 
  i found this printscreen on the web , it 's obviously not legit xd, 
   edit : i get the feeling many people here should try and play europa universalis3 ( or 4 when that comes out ) and create their dream country ( blob ) . 
  it really is a great game and i learned a ton from it about old times europe . 
   can i pick more than one ? 
  if so , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_of_greater_austria ) idea would be pretty interesting . 
  i 'd replace the emperor on top with a president though . 
  greater austria ? 
  why not greater germany ? 
  i 've done it in victoria 2 : [ before ] ( http://i.imgur.com/giob0.jpg ) and [ after ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rcqyj.jpg ) :p, 
   they would take you and fuck you over . 
   the idea behind world federation is that by the time it 's possible we wo n't hate each other . 
  no one is suggesting that it 's possible now or even in the near future . 
  it 's an end goal to work toward that is going to take centuries if not millenia . 
  it 's also not necessary , fuck the internationale or all the proposed one world governments and all that shit , i 'd be much more interested if you were talking about stuff like abolishing trade barriers on an international level ( all hail wto xd ) , more than that would be silly and bound to end in failure . 
  do n't worry , we do n't need such an union , if the aliens invaded or something like that , i 'm sure we 'd work something out then xp, 
  lieben means to love . 
  a lover 's room would 've definitely been nicer than what they actually went for . 
  i wanted to correct him but i just assumed * liebensraum * could also be accepted ( considered that words like * anschluss * were till recently written as * anschlu\u00df * ) and i would n't want to look like a fool trying to correct something and failing . 
  :p gosh , i so need to actually learn german . 
   you actually do , comparatively . 
  consider the differences between a homosexual metropole who was raised in london compared to a bulgarian rural farmer . 
  even those differences are n't as sharp as the ones demonstrated by fukenhippie . 
  though , if we go with the whole `` culture and habits '' thing , i probably have much much much more in common with you than your pakistani neighbours , with the chavs you grew up with and perhaps with even your own inner family ( that or you are an outlier with regards to r/europe , though i 'm guessing the fact that we 're both here means we 're quite similar , personality-wise ) . 
   it all in a long run kinda heads towards one unified earth and this scares the shit out of me . 
  if the aliens invaded like in those hollywood films , that one unified earth would come into existence in no time , suddenly we 'd all stop killing each other and we 'd start nuking our space invaders . 
  that is , till the aliens were a threat , afterwards we 'd just go back to the `` good old '' war never changes thingie mankind seems to be so found of . 
   what 's the point of having humanity split into 200 + clubs ? 
  we can be greater than the sum of our parts . 
  what 's the point of being in the same club if we still hate each other and actively try to undermine others for our own benefit ? 
  so far the un is enough in that it hardly accomplishes anything . 
  do n't get me wrong though , i 'm not opposed to the idea , i just think we first need to sort our own shit out and bring [ this list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ongoing_military_conflicts ) down to zero before even taking this idea into consideration . 
   we found oil in the klingon empire first , back off . 
  and so the dreams of one unified galaxy were over . . war , war never changes . 
   since spain is out of option , i chose luxembourg . 
  we are sending people there for the last few decades , it will be easy to annex it to portugal . 
  according to wiki :  [ the foreign population resident in luxembourg currently numbers over 170,700 , corresponding to 38 % of the total population . 
  a more detailed breakdown by nationality shows that the portuguese community is still the largest group , accounting for more than a third of the foreign population .
