  it 's not that straightforward and you 're analysing this without taking into consideration the political ambitions of the political parties here . 
   i have no friends and i have nothing to do . 
  how old are you ? 
  that sounds depressing . . 
   the portuguese are good at english . 
  we are ? 
  in the cities and in the tourist places , sure , but i do n't know about the rest . . 
   further austerity bitch please , in the first trimester this year , our state expenditure was of 49.6 % of gdp , these keep on increasing even if you ignore the interest rates . 
  people keep bemoaning the horrors of austerity but it 's because nobody has the balls to carry them out thatcher style . 
  you could slash this in half and when the economy finally started growing without the massive weight imposed on it from the taxes the state tries to levy , people would be much more welcoming to it . . but no the government , tried to raise taxes and the cuts have been pretty symbolic so yeah , things just keep on getting worse . 
   unlike now , obviously . 
  hence why we 're pulling a greece . 
   i can only hope , it 's the only way to stop increasing public rents . 
  public sector worker detected . 
   the estado novo was certainly stable , i fail too see how stability is an indicator on anything . 
  if by stable you mean it was highly unstable even though it hid the symptoms of instability by censoring all opposition ? 
  that 's not stability at all . 
   with  8 % deficit , lower wages , over 20 % unemployment and lower access to health , education , transportation , water and electricity , i ca n't wait !, 
  that tends to happen when your public expenditures amount for 50 % of the gdp . 
   this is going to end with a new coalition emerging from elections : ps+cds . 
  mark my words . 
  i think you 're right . 
  hopefully then we 'll manage to change our constitution !, 
   general strike ( 4th ever since the revolution ) i think you meant since the election . 
   and , are you calling irrelevant to the biggest economic power in the world ? 
  you do know that , do n't you ? 
  you 're adding fuel to the fire , just ignore him , it 's pointless to go on a dick size comparison . 
   i 'm not sure if i would be happy and say finally ! , or be sad thinking we are about to get in deeper sh * t . the latter . 
  the pm refused to stand down and said he did n't accept the leader of the junior party in the coalition resigning !, 
  i really do n't know where this is going , it seems he 'll try to hold on to it , we 'll see for how long !, 
  it probably wo n't be for too long now that they 've basically lost the majority in the parliament , and possibly we 'll have more ministers resigning , maybe even the president will act and call for elections , but damn , one ca n't really know for sure . . [ link ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http://economico.sapo.pt/noticias/passos-nao-aceita-demissao-de-portas_172590.html&amp;act=url ), 
   what is pulling a greece ? 
  it 's protests and strikes by the public sector workers , it 's higher interest rates for the government bonds and more restrictions in the credit for the private sector , it 's more difficulties in liberalising the economy and overall more hassle in reforming the state and in keeping things stable so that we can prosper after all the mess we 've got ourselves into . 
  the pm is going to make an announcement today at 20h ( gmt time ) which pretty much means he 's going to resign and the government yields are already shooting up . 
  damn . . 
  yesterday it was the finance minister , today it 's the foreign affairs minister and leader of the second party in the coalition ( cds-pp , christian democrats ) . 
  it 's almost impossible for the current government to continue in power , cds will most definitely stop backing psd and the majority in the parliament will be loss . 
  i really hope we do n't end up pulling a greece . . 
   and what did he have to do ? 
  just sit on his butt and watch from distance how petty tyrants attack the united states ? 
  yeah , invade afghanistan because of a bearded jihadist they trained and invade iraq because of imaginary wmds , that so helped the us ' goals , it 's not like they 've made even more enemies and brought instability to an whole region . 
   he started two wars and he won both of them . 
  [ this is what winning looks like ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja5q75hf6qi ) . 
  if you have the time to watch that , i 'm sure you 'll find it quite interesting . 
   despite both wars his fiscal record is humble . 
  especially if you compare it to his successor . 
  i did n't say obama was any better , in fact he 's been much worse , but still , bush was still an idiot . 
   bush jr. is a great american president . 
  damn , we 've really lowered the bar , have n't we ? 
  those are some very low standards we have . 
   unless enough voters want and actually vote for another option . 
  that 's naive , you really ca n't change a first part the post system like that , it 's not about voting the right people in office , you could get 25 % of the votes and basically only offer the victory to the guy whose views differ the most from yours . 
   i think mad is far more important than international trade for peace . 
  that 's what people thought before ww1 with the alliance and the entente and yet it happened . 
  after ww2 , europe turned to free trade and surprisingly now we 're all buddies . 
   bush jr. was the greatest american president since reagan . 
  if by great you mean starting wars and pile on the debt , sure , we was a great president . 
   and if you do n't really like either party , sticking to that thinking ensures that those two parties will be handing power back and forth forever . 
  and regardless of your vote , it will never change while it 's a presidential system under first past the post . 
   you have more than two parties in the usa . 
  which is meaningless in a first past the post system . 
  they tried to vote independent in [ 1992 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_election,_1992 ) and ended up without any change . 
   the eu would n't stand a chance either . 
  both sides have nukes so yeah , i guess the cockroaches would win . 
   i 'd say that the only way a spanish colleague would have their eyes more or less likewise is due to binge-drinking gintonics . 
  geez , you can get like that from heavy drinking ? 
  i thought it only fucked up your liver . . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5nwgze.jpg ) is what 2 years of managing our country 's finances will do to you . 
   shows how horrible our tv is , we avoid it like the plague . 
  i found out through facebook . 
   the primary problems which eu countries are suffering from right now are a global recession and historic overspending in some countries over the past decade . 
  historic overspending which the eu has for the longest time supported . 
   once the former is improving and the latter is dealt with yeah , i do n't know about the second bit being dealt with , it seems to me we 've only stopped increasing spending because we 've ran out of credit . 
  and even so , in the first trimester of this year , for example , the portuguese state 's expenditures amounted to 49.6 % of gdp ( the revenue was of 39 % of gdp , a deficit of 10.6 % in gdp ) . 
   i suspect people will be more aware of the massive improvements that this brings both individuals and countries . 
  such as the rise in trade barriers , the increased regulation of the economy and the corruption scandals in brussels with meps turning a blind eye to the us spying on the eu or with their expenses scandal ? 
  yeah , the eu 's a good project on paper but it 's going the way of the us with the principle of subsidiarity not being applied and with stupid laws constantly put in place - i do will review my position when we stop with agriculture subsidisation , get a single eu parliament and lower trade barriers , to name a few simple things the eu could improve on . 
   not only are we one of the biggest beneficiaries of the cap you say that as if cap was a good policy . 
   more than half of our trade goes to the rest of the eu . 
  that 's does n't make up for the fact that the eu 's getting protectionist against countries outside of the common market . 
   not only would we be making it harder to do that if we left , we 'd suddenly be in competition with this economic superpower that 's literally just next door . 
  not smart . 
  you do n't need to compete against the eu , the economy is n't a race , everyone can benefit from free trade , you could for example lift all trade barriers with everyone and benefit a lot from cheap goods from all over the world ( including , for example , cap subsidised goods without having to pay for that nonsense ) . 
   please correct me if i 'm wrong , but proclaiming to be a maoist in a heavily conservative country does n't sound so opportunist to me ... you 're completely wrong on the heavily conservative country and on maoism not being mainstream here back in the 70s right after the revolution . 
   you must be fun at parties the same could be said about a lot of us losers who spend our time on some stupid website looking for content that validates our world view . 
   hate the idea of facist communist state ruled by former maoist ? 
  sorry , you 're wrong , barroso is n't a former maoist , he was and still is a lying opportunist . 
   what with the economic suicide an ' all . 
  as opposed to economic prosperity inside the eu ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for free trade , but the eu is kinda drifting away from that . 
   next ; the world !, 
  oh god , the eu more and more like the un . . * fear *, 
  oh great , so we 're part of the 1 % . 
  what the fuck can be done about this ? 
  is there anyone they do n't spy on ? 
   the french like their language i think . 
  and i like mine , all the more reason for me not to start hating on it because dubs always sound awful . 
  can you imagine watching a film by morgan freeman in french ? 
   we just have quotas for broadcasting movies and music . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss .
