  keeping the euro as currency . 
   its a downward spiral then , since countries are forced to do more austerity to cut their financing needs , which pushes them into deeper recession , which scares investors , and increases yields in the end , as a result of a deteriorating outlook , and as a consequence of austerity yet interest rates have been going down , not up , so reality demolishes your argument . 
  if southern countries start ditching the currency , it would cause them massive losses . 
  latvia is a dangerous menace threatening to destroy the world as we know it , it 's the personification of evil and much be eliminated at all costs . 
   the fact of the matter is that he has been absolutely right , from the beginning , in what the solution to the euro crisis actually would be . 
  krugman is an absolute moron and so far has only professed the end of the euro - he 's been wrong all along . 
  calling the crisis an euro crisis is outright false , it 's a sovereign debt crisis and it 's harming european countries just as it is harming the us , the only difference is that they hide their symptoms by devaluing their currency whereas we must actually tackle them . 
  saying the euro is a bad currency is bullshit , it 's a great currency , people criticise it because it does its job of storing value too well and because inflation is kept under control and some governments such as ours are therefore forced to balance their budgets as opposed to present constant deficits while the population loses purchasing power regardless but through inflation , you know , like it was done before the euro . 
    first , ecb intervention to stabilize borrowing costs . 
  eurobonds will come . 
    second , aggressive monetary and fiscal expansion in the core , to ease the process of internal adjustment . 
  more keynesian nonsense : `` print a lot of money and spend it all !, 
  '' , what a fucking genius !, 
  i guess he wants us to go through what [ ecuador ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_ecuador#economy_1998-2006 ) went through !, 
    third , a softening of austerity demands on the periphery -- not zero austerity , but less , so that the human costs would be less . 
  yeah , we 'd be doing just that if we could afford it . 
  unfortunately we ca n't , we first have to pay for all the retarded fiscal expansionary policies s\u00f3crates implemented here . 
  no free lunch for us !, 
   it is taking a very long time , for europe , and idiotic austrian economics crazy people to come to terms with this . 
  you have no idea of what austrian economics is about , do you ? 
  because what 's going on in europe certainly is not it . 
  when we go back to a gold standard or when we slash environmental regulation for property rights , you can talk about austrian economics , till then , you 're just wrong . 
   thankfully , they are slowly being convinced by the mountain of evidence that this is the correct path and timidly following it . 
  of what ? 
  that we should spend our way out of a crisis made by excessive public spending ? 
  yeah , not really , we 're going to stick through with the reforms , balance the budget and liberalise the economy . 
  it 's the only if we ever want to achieve a stable , sustainable and prosperous economy . 
   and that , turkey , is why we do n't want you in the eu . 
  there 's plenty more reasons to not having them in the eu . 
   i 've checked the link , it does n't say what you mean . 
  `` ghastly as it may seem to say this , the terror attack ( ... ) could even do some economic good . '', 
  `` now , all of a sudden , we need some new office buildings ( ... ) rebuilding will generate at least some increase in business spending . '', 
  you have to be blind not to see this . 
  the fact is you 're wrong , he would have been , i did not check the link , a strict economist saying that . 
  have you never heard of creative destruction ? 
  that 's an old economics position much older than wtc destruction . 
  [ broken window fallacy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/broken_window_fallacy ), 
   he stopped being an objective economist , when he said that $ 1 trillion coin is ` benign ' . 
  he stopped being an objective economist much earlier than that , at least since [ when he said 9/11 could be good for the economy ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2001/09/14/opinion/reckonings-after-the-horror.html?pagewanted=all&amp;src=pm ) . 
   they are damaging both the north not really , things could hardly be better for the receiving countries . 
  young educated people willing to work and whose education was at the expense of some other country ? 
  how can you improve on that ? 
   afaik , bacon does n't create physical dependence . 
  [ i 'm pretty sure some may disagree ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacon_mania ) . 
  what a ridiculous policy . 
   actually , some people do get hooked by coca-cola and drink 1-2 litres of it every day . 
    the mix of caffeine and sugar can create dependence . 
  the same thing can be said for a whole lot of foods . 
  what would reddit think if they tried to ban bacon because some people eat too much of it ? 
   where are you really from my comrad ? 
  portugal . 
   i disagree . 
  money is neutral , printing more of it wo n't make society wealthier . 
   i think a huge reason why austerity is failing is because you have the private sector deleveraging at the same time as the public sector . 
  or you could cut taxes . 
  a lower corporate tax and a lower vat would do wonders for the private sector . 
  it 's certainly not enough for us , we still have plenty of restrictions on issues such as licensing reducing entrance in the marketplace , price controls in certain sectors , restrictive labour laws , a justice system that takes years to decide something even on the most trivial of cases , plenty of bureaucracy and standards which must be met to open and run a business , yada yada , and so it wo n't be by simply lower the rates that instant growth would come , but yeah , cutting taxes and dealing with these structural problems would be solving most of the issue . 
   printing money until the private sector has done most of it 's deleveraging would actually be great . 
  i also favour printing money as opposed to taxing but that 's simply from a personal perspective - i 'm young and my savings are meaningless , i 'm much more affected by high tax rates than by high inflation . 
  however , from a global perspective , i 'm well aware this is n't a solution , not only it is n't politically feasible with the ecb and the rest of countries of europe having an aged population , it would also set a bad precedent , i ca n't just think about me and i certainly must also consider the long run - if i do get to grow old , i 'd also hate it if my savings where eaten away by inflation . 
   even if you do n't actually print money , that option should also be on the table , as that would automatically lower interest rates as there would be no risk of defaulting when you can actually print . 
  lower interest rates is n't necessarily good either . 
  and again that 's just short term , on the long run real interest rates are the same regardless of the amount of money in circulation , the most one can do is lower them on the short run but increase them nominally on the long run as people also take expected inflation into account . 
  do take the `` we must lower interest rates '' argument with some caution , on the long run that just leads to higher inflation and higher nominal interest rates . 
  not to mention that plenty of people who do make such suggestions have hardly any money deposited in banks but rather have them invested in securities such as bonds and therefore would only benefit if the interest rates were lowered on the short term . 
   some inflation would also do wonders for our debt . 
  yet on the long run , our global purchasing power would be just as harmed . 
   austerity is no betadine , you 're just cutting your leg via paper cuts . 
  austerity aka reducing public spending is what must be done when you have a sovereign debt crisis such as the one we 're going through . 
  what 's harming us the most is the tax rates remaining the same and increasing instead of being cut back . 
  regardless of your view on austerity , there is no alternative , you ca n't just increase taxes to keep public spending the same , creditors are n't willing to lend more money without massive interest rates and printing money to pay for the deficits is no solution . 
  ignore m\u00e1rio soares , he 's an absolute moron and by now probably medically insane , not to mention the great amount of public money he still spends . 
   it might be horrible , but if there is no prospect of us ever growing by doing what we are doing right now , it may be the lesser evil . 
  `` there 's no prospect of us growing through austerity '' =  `` let 's default and shrink massively ! '', 
  saying a default is the lesser evil when compared to austerity is like saying cutting off a leg is the lesser evil when compared to betadine and a bandage . 
  when austerity reduces the german debt , people complain the germans are trying to dominate europe and establish a fourth reich with economic power and austerity . 
  if austerity did n't reduce the german debt , people would complain that austerity was n't working and we should instead increase public spending . 
   on a side note , how much can you understand brazilian portuguese ? 
  probably the same as you can understand american english . 
  sure , it sounds different , but it 's perfectly understandable . 
  it 's all work and no fun for el presidente !, 
   we are talking about mostly a wealthy elite/government that ran up huge debts and binge borrowed . 
  yeah , it 's always the wealthy elites and the government . 
  never at any point it was the voters who kept on voting on those who promised them the most while taking away from them the least . 
   now that the chickens have come home to roost , the 99 % get stuck with the bill . 
  the 99 % ? 
  ows much ? 
   the elites run the political process , so its actually very difficult for the majority to reject this program . 
  yeah , it 's so hard to pressure political parties and vote for other political parties . 
  your logic : `` there 's a problem and the elites , whomever they might be , are to blame '' . 
   they 'll demand even more austerity . 
  the greeks are free to refuse everything . 
  it was their choice to first get the debt and now it 's their choice to try and fulfil their obligations . 
   that inflation prediction has been waiting to come for a long time now . 
  it will probably never come ( ... ) wrong . 
  whenever you expand the money supply more than the gdp grows , there 's inflation and the prices rise . 
  this however only happens on the medium and long run , not on the short term , so yeah , while the americans keep on spending and are paying that with new dollar bills and while we 're here actually cutting the spending , yeah , they might be better as of now , but in any longer period of time , say 5 to 10 years , we 'll then be growing and our purchasing power increasing whereas they 'll see their prices rising far more than their actual income , by then they 'll be the ones losing purchasing power . 
   americans have a lot of debt to pay and they can just use the money to do just that instead of buying stuff . 
  which is exactly what they are doing right now . 
  unless the root problem is fixed - in this case , excessive public spending - no medicine will be able to solve things .
