   good thing you caught that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffkorg-qx4e, 
  one word : [ h34rt5 0f 1r0n 3 [ mlg ] no auschwitz 420 yolo #swag ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lamgafvj980 ), 
  norway is n't even in the eu . 
  hey norway , if you like the eu so much , why do n't you marry it ? 
  why do you hate the germans ? 
   one word : cod . 
  one word : battlefield 3, 
  your username sounds oddly familiar . . 
   additionally , it 's easy to go to england if you want an abortion , so it 's easy to get an abortion if you want . 
  that was one of the main reasons why it was legalised here , one could just as well go to spain , one argument was that it should n't be only those who could afford to go to spain the ones who should be able to get abortions . 
   was n't he the troll with the john travolta with a gun picture with the lines : pay your debts ... or else ... yup , that was him . 
  though [ he was n't the only one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtxbk.png ) xd  joseantoniosaraiva was more crazy . 
  usually entertaining but i never was quite sure if he 's just insane or not . 
  he was definitely more entertaining and if you checked his posts you 'd see he was clearly a troll and not some crazy guy  he also posted on r/portugal and it always lead to some quite hilarious results x ), 
  thanks for your reply . 
  you think serbia will join the eu any time soon ? 
   i strongly doubt that would pass that 's why the referendum 's for . 
   many politicians would never support that . 
  it 's a referendum , it 's about finding out what the public and not what politicians support . 
   i miss that picture though . 
  with john travolta . 
  which picture ? 
   this is already old news , since the proposed plan has already been scrapped more or less - the prime minister has not backed it , and neither has the parliament . 
  hey deusdies , what do you think will be the outcome of the whole kosovo situation ? 
   much better than all the other ones . 
  i really miss joseantoniosaraiva , he was much better than txampion/ulemad . 
  at least now txampion no longer spams , it was kinda silly when he only said the same thing like `` greece pay debts '' or `` sweden yes '' . 
  so yes , he 's improving :p, 
   for your info , its not an actual source . 
  it is heavily biased . 
  so it 's just like the rest of your news sources where the idiot reporter always has his own damned opinion which he just has to share with everyone . 
  yes , i 'm aware that it is just a comedy show and not meant to be taken as journalism but with regards to us journalism it 's still quite great and i 'm no idiot , i know full well when they 're talking about something that happened there and when they are just ranting about some stupid shit ( like when jon stewart gets all `` we should raise taxes because hurr durr republicans are bad '' or when colbert gets all `` oh , look at me , i 'm fucking colbert , i 'm important , am i not ? '' ), 
  - regardless , i still favour them over the rest of your news because they still mention what has happened there of relevance and since the rest of your news sources are all so biased ( ca n't you guys get a proper news channel ? 
  you have no idea of how alien it is to have a newspaper or a news channel so blatantly supporting a presidential candidate , though i guess you know best about how the usa should be ) , i at least get informed while having a good time . 
   how old are you man ? 
  | : 23 , why ? 
   daft debate , everyone knows tea is superior . 
  tea might be superior but there are still those who rather have coffee . 
  their loss , i say . 
   they 'll have to - that 's exactly what a national minimum wage is . 
  that or they 'll fire those said people because it will no longer be profitable to employ them . 
   if it 's the election process that bothers you , i 'm pretty sure barroso 's election was much more democratic than that of putin . 
  an absolute majority of meps supported barroso for the presidency of the european commission , anything that comes out of the european parliament is certainly more democratic than what goes on in russia currently . 
   i 'll trade you the bible belt for ronaldo . 
  not really the `` east coast '' but that 's just semantics . 
  deal !, 
  ahaha , sucker , this would be a bigger rip-off than the louisiana purchase xd, 
  learn how to write , motherfucker . 
   we would we buy any guns that are not steyr or glock ? 
  we make our shit ourselfs , yo !, 
  no offence , but germany could probably stroll in and annex you in an hour . 
  what you need is to buy portuguese made guns , look at us , spain is our huge neighbour and we also speak almost the same language but they 've never got to incorporate us into spain proper and unfortunately the same ca n't be said about your fine land of osterreich , now can it ? 
  x ) i personally do n't even know of any portuguese guns though if you were to buy them , you 'd be making us a great favour , and you now how beneficial it can be to have friends with nice beaches , do n't you ? 
   since this is n't an option as far as i know , we 're surrounded by `` friendly '' neighbors ( in military sense ) and we could n't defend our self against a real enemy anyway i will probably join you in the vote . 
  friendly neighbours ? 
  germany has been eyeing you for some time now , austria , what you need is to buy some portuguese guns to be able to properly defend yourself !, 
   the catholic church is n't forcing gays to have children . 
  you were the one who brought up the retirement checks and the sustainability of the social security system , i just stated that homosexuality being allowed or not is irrelevant to natality as you ca n't make a law forcing gays to have sex with people from the other gender . 
   it 's simple not promoting homosexuality which makes complete sense when you consider what the church stands for and their interests . 
  to allow is not to promote . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they 're against homosexuality not because of any rational reason but rather because the scripture defines it as sodomy and an abomination in the eyes of god . 
  from my perspective , they 'd be best to ignore this issue and not support it nor condone it , as they wo n't benefit either way . 
  though i 'm probably not the best person to comment on any of this as i 'm not even religious and see no sense in any of it . 
   i 've no idea what hitler is talking , that 's why it 's funny . 
  what do you think [ about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paewqlmyjqm ) ? 
  gosh , what an annoying voice !, 
   the change will improve living standards for about 200,000 workers in the baltic nation of 3 million people , including about 50,000 public sector employees , the government said . 
  it 's one thing to increase the wages of public sector workers but it 's another completely different to assume that the private sector will do the same . 
   the fact that the best american news source for american politics airs on comedy central is sad . 
  i would n't call it the best american news source but rather the funniest . 
  i could watch the [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world/us_and_canada/ ) for detailed and relevant us news but i choose to get informed mostly with those two comedians because their shows are targeted at an us audience and present great content in an humorous and entertaining fashion . 
   one people , one empire , one leader . 
  i 'm familiar with the nazi slogan :p  there is a big difference between that and   one nation . 
  one currency . 
  one language . 
    but the structure is the same , which is rather unfortunate i have to agree . 
  yeah , that was what i was mocking . 
  you ca n't have an europe built upon a single entity , 
   the liberals and socialists were like ` omg omg omg let 's do everything at once ' and they did . 
  and now nobody gives a fuck anymore . 
  cool story indeed xd we 've recently also done a lot like allowing gay marriages , legalising abortion and decriminalizing all drugs  we still have to legalize euthanasia and some other minor things , but with regards to these civil rights issues , we 're doing fine and , to be honest , we have much more important things to deal with at the moment :p, 
   so far the main subjects were whether the world will end on december 21st fuck , i hate the attention people give to these theories . 
  my facebook feed was absolutely flooded with stupid jokes yesterday . 
  i 'm really not looking forward to the next apocalypse prevision :\\, 
   gun control , the so-called `` fiscal cliff '' , and to the conservatives the benghazi attack . 
  but mostly gun control . 
  jon stewart and stephen colbert are off the air for holidays , i wo n't be getting as much us news till next year . 
  hey canada , when will you petition to join the eu ? 
   why is the global recession not affecting switzerland ? 
  because there democracy prevails , because their system prevents populist politicians from spending more than what they should and because they 're still a business friendly environment . 
   it 's only crazy if you 're not an american . 
  unfortunately there are other crazy countries other than the usa . 
   that 's pretty much it , on most social issues ( gay marriage , euthanasia ) we 're already far ahead of the curve ( see also our gay atheist second generation immigrant prime minister ) so it 's just waiting for the rest of europe to catch up . 
  there 's some discussion about euthanasia for minors and demented , but it 's not heated at all . 
  damn , that 's progressive . 
   turn the volume down . 
  a lot easier to follow the subtitles if you 're not getting contradictory auditory signals . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjfw7-hywpe ) . 
   i 'd like to see them hit rock bottom , it would be fun . 
  yeah , it 'd be fun .
