  why do these people want to shot themselves in the foot so bad ? 
  `` labor front '' =  these reds are so short-sighted , it 's mind-boggling . 
   the headline could alternately read `` 98 % stay home in support of austerity '' my facebook feed was funny yesterday , there was a lot of politics ( most of it was how neither the government nor the protesters are right ) and then some football because scp won against fcp ( it ended 0-0 , so a victory for sporting ) . 
   the icelandic method . 
  the banks screwed up ? 
  let them fail . 
  [ about that ] ( http://studiotendra.com/2012/12/29/what-is-actually-going-on-in-iceland/ ) . . 
   i 'm talking about rules , regulations and rights businesses have to follow . 
  such as what ? 
  licenses employers must have , benefits they must provide , people they must employ ? 
   they 're allowed to leave . 
  they 'll starve if they do , since they 're caught in constant wage slavery , but they can still leave . 
  they 're not only not free to leave , they 're also not allowed to start their own business . 
  they 've only liberalised partly , they still have a very long way to go if they ever want to fully develop like hong kong , singapore , macau , south korea , taiwan and japan . 
   it 's not about what a or b said , but about measuring the real impact , taking into account previous empirical research . 
  and what impact is that other than increasing unemployment among the people worse off ? 
   but it 's still a free market , no ? 
  none of those ` regulations ' or ` rights ' to bog down the glorious invisible hand !, 
  that 's ridiculous , if workers are n't free to choose for whom they want to work , it 's not a free market . 
  china resembles more corporativism where there 's only freedom for the employers and big businesses . 
   i believe that freedom should end when you start using it to fuck over another person . 
  yup , i agree with you , one should be free to do whatever as long as it does n't go against the liberty of others . 
   the free market should not be free enough to cause a situation where companies put suicide nets around their factories . 
  that 's not a free market , if it was free , workers would have the right to leave through the front door and simply not come back . 
  yeah yeah , you can always find people that support it and people that are against it . 
  at least present their arguments instead of saying it 's a belief held by many people . 
  oh , and if you do n't mind , please [ watch this video about the effects of minimum wage and other restrictive economic measures on black teenagers and other minorities in the usa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ds0xxfdyfi ) . 
   is n't that the sort of thing that 's led to the horrendous workers rights in china ? 
  the workers in china are so free they 're not even allowed to kill themselves . 
  in case you were serious , no , they have no freedom in that regard . 
   if you let people do whatever the hell they want , guess what , they wo n't all act magnanimously . 
  you 're right , they wo n't , but it 's their own life , you ca n't run it for them . 
   no one in southern europe are going to follow its postulates . 
  if things continue as they are , i 'm going to go there myself and stay there supporting them . 
   there are plenty of videos by ancaps explaining how their society would work , including the justice system . 
  there are also plenty of videos about the communist ideal , i value my time more than that . 
   you should check them out , even if you disagree with them it will give you an idea of what ancaps are all about . 
  and if you have the time , [ check this out ] ( http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2701/2701-h/2701-h.htm ) . 
  lol  if somebody killed me they would be brought to justice by the company i hired to protect me , and the courts would have to sentence them because otherwise nobody would do bossiness with a court that is corrupted . 
  thus they would have no incentive to kill em because they would pay dearly for it . 
  i think that 's their explanation , in simple terms . 
  [ house is in da house ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzovvjqslpu ) !, 
   still i would be interested in seeing a group of ancaps try anarco-capitalism to see if would float or not . 
  i know that a lot of rich people already can get away from the justice system , but i personally prefer the current system where there 's inefficiency and waste to a system but once in a while there 's indeed some justice than a system where you had to reach a market agreement about who should be arrested , who should go to jail and who should be protected by the military - that 's just nonsense . 
   i do n't get what liking everyone else has to do with anarco-capitalism , if anything in anarco-capitalism the driver would be profit and greed , not love for the greater good . 
  hey , i like the greater good :\\ profit and greed are good when it 's in the marketplace , not when it 's in the justice system . 
  under that system , you 'd be dead in a day , i 'm sure all the people you 've pissed off would come together and pay some court to sentence you to death because lol they paid for it . 
  that or they 'd kill you themselves and pay the court to decide they were innocent , i dunno lol . 
   pretty much capitalism in ** it 's ** purest and most extreme form . 
  * its, 
   here we mostly pay for roads with taxes on fuel . 
  we also have those and a lot more . 
  we 'll , we do have to pay for it some way or the other , if nobody paid , there would be no roads . 
   anarchy is anarchy , anarco-capitalism is something else . 
  names are overrated , there was the holy roman empire , there 's the people 's democratic republic of korea , there 's the united states of america . . that does n't mean they 're actually what they say they are . 
   so , the advert could have had a bunch of mud roads , and a decent road or two with big fences around it and tollbooths . 
  the highways here are privately owned and there are no fences , only tolls . 
  they 're not made out of mud , though . 
   or tollbooths on every road . 
  do n't give them any ideas !, 
   want to make a right turn ? 
  pay 1,50 $ first !, 
  you already pay that . 
  there 's all the taxes you pay ( income tax , value added tax on the car , automobile tax , tax on circulation , tax on fuel , pollution tax , license and registration fees , yada yada yada ) and they already go to pay for the building and maintenance of the roads , so it 's not like there 's a choice between paying or not paying , the choice is only between how do you want to pay . 
  not that i know much about it , i do n't even have a driving licence and taxis are too expensive , what i do pay is for public transportation as i almost always take the bus and the underground . 
   i would n't mind seeing a society try anarco-capitalism there 's plenty of anarchy in africa , i 'm sure some of them would qualify as anarcho-capitalism . 
   i 'd be happy if it succeeded . 
  '' [ in an anarcho-capitalist society , law enforcement , courts , and all other security services would be provided by privately funded competitors rather than through taxation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarcho-capitalism ) '' we 'll faster achieve stateless communism than stateless capitalism . 
  the latter is anarchy and therefore a shithole for pretty much everybody , the former might come to fruition if every person on earth suddenly starts caring about his fellow men just as much as he cares for himself . 
  well , know that i think about it , under those conditions , anarcho-capitalism would work just as well . 
  you know what ? 
  scratch that , we 'll never achieve any of that because we 're humans and we 're meant to care only for ourselves , our close relatives and our friends within the tribe , if we were indeed to all act as a family and be able to have a justice system or an economy working for the greater good as opposed to for personal gain , we would n't need any of this shit , we 'd all just get along and even the notion of state would collapse upon itself . 
   anarco-capitalism is pretty much capitalism . 
  except that it has anarchy in its name and therefore is just that , anarchy . 
   roads ai n't that much ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  there 's tolls for that . 
   `` the free market will fix it ! '', 
  well , it will better than any planned economy , you just have to let it operate freely and allow every individual to pursue their own separate interests . 
   `` screw the troika , we only want their money ! '', 
  that 's what i 'd go out and chant if it was n't so cold . 
  it 's going to remain high till taxes are cut and restrictions lifted . 
   who am i to tell people that they 're criminals ? 
  who am i to judge murders ? 
  who am i to say that people should n't smoke ? 
  who am i to say that you should n't run a nuclear reactor in your backyard ? 
  who am i to say that you should n't piss on the streets ? 
  who am i to say that you should n't spank your child ? 
  criminals , murderers , smokers , vandals and child-beaters all are harming others . 
  people who accept to work for a certain amount of money that happens to below a certain threshold do n't harm anyone else . 
   the minimum wage bracket is too small to make market changes . 
  then you either support raising the minimum wage or abolish it as it stands . 
   haha , are you serious ? 
  i do n't know about tugasnake , but he 's right , between 3 people working for the minimum wage and 4 people , 3 working for the minimum wage and 1 working below it , the second situation offers more taxable income . 
  more than half of if must be exempt from taxes but still . 
   so , huh , more social spending on low wage employees ? 
  between helping someone who 's unemployed and not improving his skills or helping someone who has a low-paying job and is learning on the job , the state expenditures are smaller in the second situation . 
  and unemployment is lower , productivity is higher , the government does n't need such higher taxes , yada yada . 
   they can always do volunteer work . 
  the parishes and municipalities always need help .
