  that logic of taxing to then creating employment is ridiculous , it 's the same as justifying theft to say it 's fine because then you spent the money and that was good . 
   the point i 'm making is not `` raising the taxes will never negatively affect employment '' . 
  i 'm merely saying that your claim is not as clear cut as you present it , by a long shot . 
  no , you just made moronic assertions that taxes do n't cause unemployment when they clearly do . 
  this is n't a claim , this is what actually happens , you just deny the truth because it invalidates your belief system . 
   what kind of study is it this time ? 
  one of those with the magnificent theoretical models that can not predict anything or one of those looking at correlation and discounting historical context and interdependencies ? 
  the kind of study that says `` money taxed is money that ca n't be spent in employing people '' . 
  if you reject this then feel free to go out and support the highest tax rates you possibly can , surely employment will be unaffected . 
   says who ? 
  who says that taxes cause unemployment ? 
  it is known , khaleesi . 
   cutting jobs with massive unemployment is a bad idea . 
  the taxes that go to pay for these public sector jobs are at the root of the unemployment problem . 
   in my opinion , put these reforms in place , to be acted upon when , well , unemployment is actually low . 
  when unemployment is low , there 's no political will for reform . 
  now unemployment is high and we ca n't wait around to see if it will decrease on its own before we actually starting solving what 's causing it . 
   yes , i know they want to raise the age in germany , as is to be expected from slavers who do not care for people . 
  retirement at 65 - that 's fine . 
  retirement at 66 - fucking slavers , they want to enslave us !, 
  once upon a time we had a young zealous king with no heirs who decided we should continue the reconquista and spread christianity to the moors in nowadays morocco . 
  it was a failure and the king was never seen again , the spanish king pushed his claim on our throne and portugal was then ruled by a spanish king . 
  since there was no confirmation that the king died in battle , we kept on waiting for his return so that we could be once again a fully sovereign nation . 
  eventually the personal union with spain was dissolved in a war and 60 years later we were again ruled by portuguese monarchs . 
  regardless of how history panned out , you could say that [ many are still waiting for our hero , a d. sebasti\u00e3o , to come in a foggy morning and to save portugal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebastianism ) . 
  tl ; dr - `` things will eventually get better if we wait it out '' . 
   sounds like the media in portugal regarind pcp ( portuguese communist party ) . 
  ca n't mention the extremes , not even just the tip . 
  no , it most absolutely does not , pcp is fucking everywhere and cgtp ( the trade union they back up ) is always on the spotlight . 
  not to mention all the littering they do , all the tags they make and all the protests they try to organise . 
  i for one ca n't stand all the bullshit propaganda . 
   inflation is just a bookkeeping tool . 
  tell that to those who those who save all their lives and lose purchasing power to it . 
  you do n't need to go back in time a long time to see the harm it can create . 
   citation please , and define better . 
  [ effects of free trade ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=effects+of+free+trade )  they 're catching up by exploiting their natural resources . 
  and they 'd be much better off if they took advantage of comparative advantages . 
  right now i 've heard they have 20 $ tomatoes . 
   then you have to acknowledge that singapore is not an example that can be emulated by everyone at once . 
  capitalism and free trade sure can ( and should ) be emulated by everyone . 
   why not ? 
  is that a sin ? 
  no , it 's moronic and it promotes poverty . 
  more layers of bureaucracy , more protectionism and more political unaccountability . 
   unfortunately the thread has turned into a `` look who 's the pretties of them all '' type of thing . 
  it 's your fault , op x ) my contribution : [ reitoria da up ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/hokzd ) [ pal\u00e1cio de cristal ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/phvxs ) [ castelo do queijo ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/nhjmh ) [ casa da m\u00fasica ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/xfvln ) [ avenida dos aliados ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/qaxqb ) i 'll post just these otherwise i 'd be here all night :p, 
   hahahah i think we have a winner . 
  what did he post ? 
   the owners and shareholders do not necessarily live in the same country as the company is operating . 
  the ceo may live in china , the wage and the dividend he 's paid here is still taxed . 
   it is arguable if vat is really paid by the corporations or in fact their clients aka consumers it 's the exact same thing with the corporate rate , though . 
   i do n't think they would be paying nearly enough for the expenses the public has with them with only these 2 . 
  well , i think we 'd be better off without the corporate rate and with overall reduced taxation and with lower public spending as well , though this much you probably already know :p, 
   i 'm not suggesting to bring down everyone to the same level . 
  the leftist motto is `` from each according to their ability , to each according to their needs '' from each according to their ability =  then great , let them decide what they 're good at in the marketplace , let 's not violate their freedom to choose for themselves and let 's not try to tell them what to do , not only would that be authoritarian , it could very well lead to inefficiency . 
  to each according to their needs =  it should be to each according to their ability except in those circumstances where one is really miserable and ca n't sustain himself , and even so , i 'd be very reluctant to try and divide the wealth pie because we all know nobody actually cares for those who are worse off , people only care for themselves , you redistribute and redistribute and the politicians and the special interests only get wealthier while the number of the people on the bottom goes on increasing because of the policies they 're pursuing in the capital . 
   if it 's so obvious , someone must have done a study about this , with real data , not just looking at a table of one moment in time . 
  there have been plenty of studies , look them up . 
  heck , you can even youtube for minimum wage , there 's plenty of videos , i even posted one , if you do n't bother watching then i wo n't bother posting . 
   also , i have already told you : lacking a minimum wage is essentially wage dumbing . 
  and if it worked in increasing wages as opposed to increasing unemployment , then the minimum wage should be much higher . 
  meanwhile , singapore has no minimum wage , hong kong was decades without it , switzerland has no statutory minimum wage , same with germany or austria or denmark or sweden or norway or finland and yet all these countries have much higher incomes and wages and lower unemployment ( specially among teens and immigrants ) than countries such as greece or portugal with their minimum wages close to 60 % the average wage . 
   having low unemployment is a means to an end and that end is social welfare . 
  i 'd say having low unemployment is a means to an end and that end is productivity and purchasing power . 
   i already know that you can have zero unemployment if everyone decides to sell themselves as slaves . 
  yet workers , same as employers , are n't willing to get less than what they offer , so that 's not viable . 
  but that approach at unemployment is just as ludicrous as , say , restricting foreign trade , depreciating the currency , limiting working hours , banning technology , drafting people into the army or telling people to open up ditches and filling them back up , to give a few examples . 
   i had not realised that the austrian school whose views you are spreading about the causes of the crisis had the same academic standing as darwin 's theory of evolution . 
  i 'm not promoting the austrian school , i for example do n't agree with their approach to monetary policy , so yeah . 
   nor had i realised that left-wingers are considered as irrational as religious people . 
  this is a strawman ( and you know it ) . 
  well , i do consider your faith in the socialism really dogmatic , considering all the evidence there is that it does n't work . 
   i told you , i do n't buy it and i already suggested you some reading as to why it 's not wise to make broad generalisations about what is and what is n't human nature . 
  you name a situation where a society has sustained itself on any longer period of time relying only on the good will of others and not with individuals trying to pursue their separate self-interests . 
   i do n't think it 's impossible to move to that direction without demagogues taking over . 
  [ socialism is force ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyeypcougma ) - a 6min video  also , your description of socialism is historically inaccurate . 
  it has never been the case that a socialist society kept going democratically until conditions deteriorated and only then a tyrant took over . 
  fortunately , under a democratic system , people just vote away the socialists , like what happened in the uk before thatcher . 
  nevertheless , there 's always creeping statism and conditions always deteriorate under any longer period of time with a central authority planning things . 
   there 's too much room for improvement to sit idly . 
  yet the places in the world where the people are better off are those that do n't try to improve on it . 
  damn , you really need to watch the first two episodes of free to choose . 
   i 'm already against having an aristocratic bureaucracy that makes five-year plans that decide all economic development . 
  that 's stupid . 
  so how will you redistribute the wealth ? 
  you ca n't do it without planning , you must decide who shall pay and who shall benefit . 
   i 'm only against the free market in the sense that `` if all you have is a hammer , everything looks like a nail '' i do n't understand . 
  though if all you have is an hammer and you do n't want nails , you can always lend the hammer to a carpenter and benefit from it or just outright sell it and something else useful to you - that 's the beauty of capitalism , you do what 's best for you and nobody restricts it . 
   with that in mind , do you want to alter your suggestion about which episode to watch ? 
  you should watch [ episode 1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3n2snngwa4 ) and [ episode 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjwlt1tmay4 ) . 
  at least the first 30 minutes where he explains things , the other 30 minutes are a debate with people trying to discuss his views and with people with views similar to yours arguing against him and him answering back . 
  i found the whole series incredibly interesting and it certainly helped me a lot in further defining my views on politics and on economics . 
   you really think that because you were once religious and now you are n't and because you were once a social democrat and now you are n't , that you found the correct choice and everything is done ? 
  that was n't the point i 'm making , i was telling you that it 's an entirely different view and that nobody changes their world-view like that overnight . 
   you should continue to challenge your views too if you want to be honest with yourself . 
  what do you think i 'm doing here ? 
  wasting the little free time i have ? 
  i 'm testing my own world-view while trying to persuade someone i never met on the internet to change his . 
   well , if your economic model assumes that your economic actors have perfect information , then you 've got a problem . 
  people do try to inform themselves whenever it 's worth their while , sure , they might not bother to check if the store down the street has grapes that are .20 $ cheaper but they do try to get the best information they can about the market if they 're doing something like buying a car or an house .
