  then this is wrong , laws should be made by the politicians only with the consent of the people or simply made outright by the people in a true functioning democracy and not in a fa\u00e7ade of a representative democracy . 
   the fact that greed exists does n't make these laws okay , and the fact that these laws exist does n't make it okay ( morally speaking ) to make use of them . 
  the point i was trying to make with greed is that it 's natural for all of us to always want more . 
  it sounds bad when said like this ( and maybe it 's bad but it 's who we are ) but pretending we can avoid it is like teaching abstinence-only sex education - utterly pointless , inefficient and ridiculous . 
  we 're greedy , let 's try to make the best of it and make it fair for everyone , not pretending it 's a sin or that greed is the fault of all our problems . 
  it depends on what you consider a worker right . 
  please give a loose definition and a few examples . 
  oh , and yes , poor competitiveness is harmful , all the workers ' rights in the world are useless if you 're unemployed . 
   really , do n't you know what every politician in greece and europe is proposing to cut ? 
  not healthcare and education ? 
  it 's counter-productive to cut on those , not only the benefits make up for the costs on the long term , anyone who runs on cutting these is unelectable . 
  making these services more efficient ? 
  sure . 
  cutting them ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  and what the politicians want ( or should want ) to cut back on is on state-owned companies , mindless subsidies and unfair ppps . 
  not on the basics like healthcare or education . 
   do you live in another planet ? 
  i live in portugal , it 's between venus and mars . 
   yeah , you are living in a dream world buddy , go back to your economics books , where the capitalistic heaven is described . 
  nice argument bro . 
   it 's like there are n't two and a half centuries of capitalistic history to draw conclusions and data from . 
  there are , and the conclusions are clear , these were much more prosperous societies than those where it was the government rather than private entities the ones running the economy . 
   give me a place and time where ~ ~ capitalism ~ ~ ** a society ** was corruption free and avoided such problems . 
  there , ftfy , you tell me a society ( capitalistic or not ) which was corruption free . 
   you wo n't , because capitalism is all about protecting and promoting the interests of the big companies . 
  not about `` giving everyone the chance to have a business '' . 
  nope , capitalism is all about protecting individual freedoms and allowing companies rise and fall based on their performance in a free market . 
  what you mentioned was corporatism and , just like socialism , it 's the opposite of a free market - the role of the state should n't be to favour the rich in detriment of the poor or favour the poor in detriment of the rich . 
  a 100 % tax rate on capital gains is n't capitalism just like bailout to companies that prove uncompetitive is n't capitalism . 
  while you have the government actively harming some to benefit others , you wo n't have a free market , and so you ca n't point fingers at capitalism because that 's not what it is . 
   the latter is a necessity and is only allowed in the degree that helps the big ones . 
  the bigger they are , the harder they fall . 
  if anything , the current situation is proof of that . 
  the moment a business proves uncompetitive and inefficient , it should either adapt or close - if it 's bailed out and its life is prolonged artificially at the expense of the taxpayer , then it 's further inefficient application of a society 's resources . 
   if you really agree with this , why do n't you say that the people are right to protest when merkel wants greece to buy military equipment from them ? 
  or when german companies want cheap access to over-exploit the greek economy ? 
  that 's quite easy , greece can just say `` no '' and not buy military equipment . 
  but this is n't what the protest is about , we both know this is more of the `` do n't cut our spending '' protests . 
   because you view protesters as hippies , not as part of people as they are . 
  no , i do n't view the protesters as hippies , i see them as people directly affected by these cuts , the public servants and other interest groups which would be directly affected by a decrease in public spending . 
  i do n't hate them , i just strongly disagree with them - what 's good for them is bringing the rest of society down with out of control debt . 
  unfortunately for greece , it can no longer afford to waste money on unproductive investments and them continuing to pay for their massive state is unproductive . 
  their labour market ought to be liberalized and their public sector slashed to what 's really necessary and these people directly affected now having a chance of getting another job - on which does n't rely on taxpayers money and whose output is more inefficient than the service they currently provide while working for the state . 
   of course , taxing 2k a pensioner of 10k income , 10k a family of four with a joint income of 50k and 100k someone with income of 500k are all the same . 
  2k , 10k and 100k have the same importance to all 3 of them . 
  this is already a discussion of proportional vs progressive tax rates - not what we 're discussing here . 
  in case you did n't noticed , i was n't arguing for a flat tax rate of 20 % but for a maximum of 20 % ( maybe 25 % but maybe that would be pushing too much - there 's no magic number , it 's up for debate ) , at no point i said it should be 20 % for everyone . 
  but even if the tax rate was of 20 % for everyone , i can guarantee you that someone with an income of 10k would benefit more than a person with an income of 100k . 
  again , not what we 're discussing here , even i do n't know for sure what would be the best tax system - what i know for sure is that taxing people 40 % , 50 % or 60 % is outright foolish , that 's just making sure everyone that would be wealthy enough to pay for that would just leave the country . 
  it would be much more beneficial to tax 20 % or 25 % of a lot of rich people than it would be to tax 50 % of only a couple of dudes or 100 % of nobody because they all left . 
   how democratic your claim . 
  democratic ? 
  we 're talking about fairness in the tax rates , not about what the people choose in the ballot when there 's an election . 
   are you sure your opinion serves your interests and those of your people and country ? 
  i 'm sure that people investing money here , employment being created and the economy recovering is better than everybody leaving the country because doing business here is almost impossible . 
   are you sure this is not giving into the terrorism of eu , imf and your local big companies ? 
  yeah , i do n't buy into that fear mongering . 
  terrorism of the eu , lol . 
   well , let me inform you that a lot of profitable or barely-debt-creating-but-providing-important-services-cheaply-to-the-masses public companies were given this treatment because they wanted to sell them to the private sector and that was the only way : public train system , public electricity , public water , public telecommunications-this last one was massively profitable !, 
  the first train systems were owned by the private sector in the uk and then also in the usa . 
  public electricity and water system , these tend to turn into monopolies but there 's no reason to favour a state-owned monopoly over a private one - personally i 'd rather have it a well regulated market with always the possibility of new competition propping up than a state-owned that 's publicly funded and which does n't have the same incentives to work efficiently and generate profits . 
  public telecommunications , again , why should the state own these ? 
  the privates do n't require taxpayers money , are much more motivated to generate profits , are much less likely to end up being a burden to society and if the state does n't own them , that 's less chances the state will have for having institutions generating jobs for the boys . 
   why did they have to privatize them ? 
  was it for the good of the people ? 
  because it 's not the role of the state to run the economy , because the private sector is much more efficient in doing it and yes it was for the greater good as it helps bringing down public expenditure and it proves to be less of a distraction and lets them focus on what they really should - on providing safety , security , stability and justice to society and on assuring that everyone has access to humane healthcare conditions and a chance of a decent education . 
  this is what matters , not state tv , state transports and state-run economy which always just ends up being a burden for everyone else for little return which would be much higher if it was the private sector providing these services . 
   you are all for capitalism and `` free market '' but you do n't really understand the implications of what you root for in the long term . 
  why do n't you go to the us to see how everything-should-be-private is working out ? 
  the us is n't a free market and it certainly is n't an example for anyone . 
  if you really want an example of a free market , check switzerland . 
   the laws that they made that 's the thing , they do n't ( or at least they should n't ) make the laws . 
   cutting pensions and health care to older people i challenge you to quote me saying healthcare shout be cut . 
   cutting spending for education again , i 'm against it . 
   reinstituting 10hr and 12hr working days nobody will force you to work 10h or 12h daily . 
  and , tbh , it looks to me as a preferable alternative of not working at all . 
  btw , this would be unnecessary if their productivity was higher . 
   heavily raising taxes to the poor majority of people fuck this . 
  we have it here in portugal as well and this is not austerity , it 's the opposite of austerity , it 's increasing the size of the government and driving people away from the country . 
  however , we both know that this is n't what they 're protesting , this is a left-wing protest , these are the ones that criticize taxes when they 're not in the government but have plans of increasing them massively once they get into power ( how else would they fund the government spending they so desire ? ), 
   while not seeking taxes from the big companies my problem here is that they should not seek such high taxes from everyone . 
  taxing the poor massively drives away the workforce , taxing the rich massively drives away the investors . 
  if they want to keep unemployment down and they want to generate economic growth , they really need to cut back on public spending , it 's the only viable alternative , high taxes for anyone is going towards a default . 
   bailing out banks that now report huge profits bailouts = / = free market . 
  no bailouts and much stricter regulation to prevent banks from gambling with their customers ' money is what 's fair , not letting them reap their rewards when they do well and having all of society pay for it when they fail . 
  oh , and why are n't they paying back the bailouts now that they 're reporting profits ? 
  are n't they in debt to the state ? 
   continuing big spending on military yeah , i 'd cut on that too . 
  why do you need it anyway ? 
  afaik turkey may act nasty but they are n't planning on invading you . 
   putting essential public companies in large debt on purpose in order to sell them cheap that 's state-owned companies for you , if they 're not owned by privates , they do n't have the proper incentives to generate profits . 
  i 'd sell them all too , it 's not the role of the state to own tv stations , airline companies and telecommunication agencies when the privates can provide the exact same services more cheaply and without an expense to the taxpayers . 
   is the only way to get out of this mess which was created by these greedy 900euro and 1300euro per month lazy-freeloaders . 
  that 's more than my current income , but no , those are n't the issue , the populist politicians the greeks had that decided to spend it all to win elections , future generations be damned , those are the ones to blame . 
  it 's certainly not the fault of those that loaned the money to you like germany - you asked for it , you signed the contracts and now you do n't want to pay them - it does n't work like that . 
  mistakes were made , now they have to be fixed , and unfortunately continuing the massive spending is n't the solution here . 
   `` 700 euro per month should be enough for everyone '' i do n't agree with this . 
  you 'd faster hear me say `` 20 % tax rate should be enough for everyone '' than imposing a cap on income - that 's just ridiculous . 
  a federal iberia is a bit pointless considering that a federal eu is much more likely and would be much stronger .
