  also , if you list some major western countries in order of corporation tax , what you 'll find is a correlation between that tax and growth rates since the crash . 
  what that shows is that a high-tax , progressive and pro-active tax policy is the way to go . 
    edit2 : for another example , the 50 % tax rate which was also lowered in this budget actually raised more money than even labour predicted . 
  the conservatives lowered it anyway . 
  where 's the fucking logic in that ? 
  the conservatives , citing the laffer curve , said that the 50 % tax would cause a reduction in tax revenue . 
  even when the evidence showed otherwise , they acted as though it had lost the government money and called it a failed policy . 
  if you think that taxes are a free lunch for society , that you can tax and tax and nothing bad will ever occur , that there 's only benefits and no costs , then i 'm sorry but you really have no idea whatsoever of what you 're talking about . 
  if you really want someone to point it out for you - the more the government taxes , the less money people will have to spend . 
  if you think it 's best for the state to have 5 $ extra to spend as opposed for the average person having those 5 $ , that 's another discussion , but to say like you did that low taxes are bad for the economy , well , at least read an history or economics book before spouting such nonsense . 
   great news . 
  stuff like this should have been implemented in the first coalition budget , not four years later . 
  we 've been discussing lower our corporate rates to 10 % for quite some time now . 
  as of now , no such luck , taxes remain very high and unemployment continues to rise as our government is reducing spending while ~ ~ not reducing ~ ~ increasing taxes . 
   it will not help the economy one iota . 
  all it will do is give the government less tax revenue to spend on social programs . 
  if that 's true , we should do the opposite and raise taxes , as there would be no negative outcomes , only more tax revenue for the government to spend on social programs . 
   frankly , corporation tax could be abolished tomorrow for all i care . 
  could be ? 
  i 'd say should be . 
  let 's be honest with ourselves and make it clear we 're only taxing people . 
  corporate taxes and individual taxes are the exact same thing - in both cases , employees receive lower wages , customers pay higher prices and employers receive lower returns . 
  that taxes are necessary , i make no argument against that . 
  but pretending that corporate taxes somehow only affect the others and therefore are better than personal income taxes which directly affect us all , that 's wrong . 
   just change the constitution , you 're not american . 
  [ even they can change theirs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighteenth_amendment_to_the_united_states_constitution ) !, 
     i ca n't remember now , sorry . 
     it 's ok :p    i have a good pic for that but whatever , i 'll save it for next time x )    maybe if he 'd quote in every response this would have never happened !, 
  yeah , i do n't get people who do n't quote every other post !, 
   you think hong kong 's economy is the equivalent of anarcho-capitalism ? 
  i was quoting sasp777 's post which regarded `` dog-eat-dog capitalism '' and `` competition where the strong survive '' as a bad thing . 
  also a bit to radaway who criticised the gold standard when hong kong itself has no central bank , even though i 'm personally against a gold standard as i find gold just as worthless as paper money - the actual value is stored in the monetary base , not in shiny metals or on pieces of paper with bridges on it . 
  also , i do find myself agreeing with radaway when he suggests that some expansion of the money supply would actually be beneficial for us now - on the short run , he 's absolutely right , and on the long run , by then we 'll be in a better position to deal with the inflation than the situation where we 're now with little to defend ourselves against the massive taxes . 
  anyway , it 's not like he 's right when says libertarians are silly or gold standard defenders are idiotic , there are some good arguments in their defence . 
  so , r/europe , are you for or against voting pacts ? 
   what do their exchange rate prove ? 
  if it was steady , then it meant they were n't constantly depreciating their currency . 
  what a genius move !, 
  i 'm sure that by wednesday , people will have forgotten all about this !, 
    would there be all this fracas if the man was black and making the salute ? 
  this is anti-white racism !, 
  yeah , whites are so discriminated against , i for one am tired of people treating me differently just because i happen to have been born white xd   and i am very very angry because my mother wo n't pay for my world of warcraft subscription this month . 
   i ca n't remember now , sorry . 
  it 's ok :p i have a good pic for that but whatever , i 'll save it for next time x ), 
   it 's capitalism without any of the redeeming and progressive qualities of the enlightenment , just a dog-eat-dog atavistic and cannibalistic competition where the strong survive . 
  [ that sounds like hell ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/hong_kong_skyline_restitch_-_dec_2007.jpg ) . 
   i guess you 've never heard of the non-white soldiers who fought for the nazis , or the japanese then ? 
  what did he say ? 
   but it feels so badass to do the roman salute , it sucks that it got ruined by the nazis and the winners of ww2 . 
  while stretching the arm does feel very natural while saluting people , even if the nazis had n't ruined the roman salute , that would still feel too militarily and too uptight . 
  instead of raising your arm and doing it with your hand open and the fingers stretched , just do a thumbs up . 
  it still feels natural and looks rather cool and not nazi at all . 
    soccer it 's alright , a lot of people here also go to r/soccer . 
   people are powerless to stop it unless they want to die in a revolution . 
  or they could get more informed about the political system they live in and make it politically unprofitable to act in favour of special interest groups as opposed to acting in favour of society as a whole . 
   i know , but i think all newspapers are part of it  if every news agency is playing a role on this big conspiracy , where do you get your information ? 
   katidis denied he gave a nazi salute . 
  `` i am not a fascist and would not have done it if i had known what it meant , '' katidis said on his twitter account . 
   aek 's german coach ewald lienen backed katidis . 
  `` he is a young kid who does not have any political ideas . 
  he most likely saw such a salute on the internet or somewhere else and did it without knowing what it means , '' he said . 
  so he 's just dumb lol, 
  yup , the mods deleted everything . 
  i still do n't like you , turnusb . 
   wow , that `` one time tax '' is literally a state-sanctioned theft . 
  its effects are the same as inflation and yet nobody calls inflation theft . 
   sheesh guys get a room well , turnusb deleted everything as always xd sorry folks , i had a little bit too much to drink last night and made the mistake of not going out and being on reddit instead : x, 
  and the fucking hlollande suporters still want cap for this shit, 
   i 'm pretty sure it 's libertarianism which is considered a sub-ideology of conservatism . 
  conservatism is about empowering people which typically translates to low taxes and small government . 
  yeah , i 'm for that , though do n't call me conservative because i 'm a liberal , i 'm the one advovcating change , not keeping the status quo, 
  yeah yeah , except in those situations , i also like them for those things , i di n't meant always always , no bureacdurats would mean anarchy and that 's like somalia , a shithole, 
   it is sad to say but even in 2013 , most administrations are unable to follow someone who changes adresses every 3 months . 
  bureacrauts are mostly useless anyway , it 's not like you can solve this with government policies . 
   what conservatism is this ?? 
  it is n't , it 's liberalism , it 's about the people being free to do what they want with their money and not having it stolen by know-it-all bureaucrats . 
  btw , fuck you downvoters , you know jack shit , i hope you fucking die a painful death , reatrds !, 
  i upvoted you out of hate . 
  they 're probably the most discriminated group in europe , and have been for centuries . 
  that isolation manifests into committing crime and a rejection of mainstream culture , leading to lack of opportunities , education etc. 
  you got cause and effect wrong , other groups that were discriminated against in the past such as blacks or jews are now integrated fine within society whereas gypsies continue to refuse to integrate , even when they 're told they need to conform with the rest of society , obey the same laws and send their children to school . 
  i like you , angela . 
   if you route money through translators and these translators translate with help of that money flow , they provide a service and thus add to the gdp more than without that artificial routing process . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not arguing against the usefulness of the translators , i 'm arguing against this wrong idea in that there 's a benefit in the cost , in that it 's good for the economy to be spending a lot of public money on translators . 
  the benefit is the translation , not the money spent on them , that 's the cost . 
  to say that they boost the economy when they spend their money is to completely ignore the fact that you and i and everybody else would also boost the economy if the taxes that were levied to pay for them had not been collected . 
  so no , they do n't boost the economy , they 're a burden to it , they 're an expense whose only justification is that they provide the service of translation . 
   eastern europe is a term to define the communist countries post-ww2 i stand corrected , greece is only easternish europe . 
  or western turkey , depends on how you look at it . 
   when your ancestors were killing each other over scraps of wood to build a shed , the greeks created the acropolis oh yeah ? 
  well , my ancestors built the pyramids !, 
   a way of life that is the basis of the western world then why are we using the latin alphabet and not your gibberish one ? 
  spqr 1 - hellenic republic 0, 
   it 's money that eventually ends up back into the economy . 
  arguably there is a boost `` the money we take from the taxpayers is then spent so the economy is boosted , never mind that the taxpayers would have spent their money just as well on their own '' - that 's like saying i get richer if i put the coin that 's on my left pocket on my right pocket . 
   the eu artificially props up a professional branch . 
  at the expense of all the other professional branches that the consumers now ca n't support because their money was taken away from them . 
   until this happens , i really will not consider eu a legit institution to protect ** western europe ** . 
  greece is eastern europe . 
   all the money from cap go into infrastructure and science spending ( 50/50 ) , equally distributed between the countries .
