  how about the money going back to the taxpayers ? 
  we also contribute on our own to the development of infrastructure and technological progress . 
  adopt the [ swiss constitution ] ( http://www.admin.ch/ch/e/rs/1/101.en.pdf ) and rename it as european constitution . 
  then the people of europe would be free to change what they want through referendums be it on the national or european level . 
   this boost the gdp !, 
  either some foreign entity is paying for those or there 's no boost whatsoever - the money spent on translation has to be money taken away from the taxpayers . 
   this is precisely why germany does n't want stimulus . 
  it inevitably amounts to transfers from those doing alright to those in trouble . 
  well , if france does want for stimulus in other countries , it can pay for it and things may be done outside the scope of the eu with no problems either for the receiving countries or the rest of the eu member-states ( with the obvious exception of france itself ) . 
  though , personally , if france wants to give us money , i 'd favour if it were to pay off out debt so that we can then lower taxes as opposed to us spending it in building more highways , though one ca n't really complain about gifts , in both cases we would be better off than we are now , 
   hollande keen that member states be allowed to kick-start growth with spending great !, 
  now let 's just wait for france to provide us with the money required so that we can resume the public spending !, 
   of course the countries to the left will get praised here and you 'll be `` dissapoint '' of the countries to the right because lol alcohol , amirite ? 
  dude , getting drunk is amazing . 
  [ if you do n't drink you 're a boring cunt and all your stories suck ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8u5l0ldehi ) . 
   i also had no idea they had so many portuguese . 
  we 've been shipping them over there for decades now , i 'm surprised it 's not higher than 50 % immigrants . 
   i though a light government with the least regulations was a good government ? 
  i wonder how constant expansionary monetary policy or a poorly structured legal and justice system is in any way comparable to fewer regulations to the economic activity . 
  in case there 's any doubt , no , the ecb ( or the fed or any other central bank ) keeping interest rates too low for too long or the legal system and the courts failing to bring people who break the law to justice is not at all comparable with abolishing the requirements needed for ( for example ) opening up a shop , owning a taxi or hiring an extra worker . 
   less capitalism would not make humans any less fallible . 
  though less capitalism would indeed act as a way to smooth the economic cycle . 
  heck , you can even abandon capitalism fully and end all these expansions and recessions . . you ca n't have any of those if you do n't even have an economy . 
   [ am\u00e9rico amorim ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xwpkooj.jpg ) ( corticeira amorim ) : 78 years old  [ alexandre soares dos santos ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g4pz9uf.jpg ) ( jer\u00f3nimo martins ) : 77 years old  [ belmiro de azevedo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c1kbph5.jpg ) ( grupo sonae ) : 75 years old  [ cristiano ronaldo dos santos aveiro ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrhh3ln.jpg ) ( footballer ) : 28 years old ftfy . 
   capitalism happened `` low ecb interest rates , soft surveillance of banking supervision , underdeveloped public financial management and anti-corruption systems , adoption of poor policies , expansion of credit and a property bubble '' funny how people tend to blame capitalism for the failures of government . 
   i 'm guessing it 's for similar reasons that the reagan administration starting giving out `` government cheese '' to welfare recipients in the 1980s : massive oversubsidy of agriculture led to surpluses that the market could n't sustain . 
  reagan again confirmed as an hypocrite . 
   uuuu , nice . 
  i love me some eu3 . 
  [ i 've made frontpage there ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/paradoxplaza/comments/17rikc/inheriting_both_castille_and_aragon_as_portugal/ ) :p, 
   can i choose both ? 
  the growth of europe would come either way because of how utterly destroyed everything was , it would be very hard to sink even lower than 1945 . 
  the marshall plan certainly did wonders in helping with the recovery though it 's easy to understand why , the usa was basically spending a lot of money on rebuilding europe , a lot was rebuilt at the expense of the usa and that 's why it was so good for us . 
  as for the growth of the usa , it was n't growth because of the marshall plan but rather growth despite the marshall plan , had they not spent a dime on europe after the war ( well , ignoring the consequences that would have on us and later on them as well because of how interconnected our economies are ) , their growth would have been even greater , they did spent billions here on us . 
  nevertheless , they also had a very strong growth as they were the only superpower left that was n't devastated by the war ( unlike the uk , germany , the ussr , japan and the like ) . 
  they were the pretty much the only producer while the rest of the world was their consumer . 
  how this is related to keynesianism or neokeynesianism , i do n't know for sure . 
   marshall plan ? 
  are you talking about the growth of the usa or the growth of europe ? 
   this dude has a number of em but here 's one as england where he conquers the world making good use of / ** abusing certain game mechanics ** . 
  ( holy wars , colonising khanates , ... ) . 
  [ that 's gamey ] ( http://forum.paradoxplaza.com/forum/showthread.php?591266-the-historic-inevitabilty-of-epic-failure/page36&amp;p=13922578#post13922578 ) . 
  ewww , casuals . 
   no you 're not , you 're a cunt . 
  he 's an hater though he 's not hateful . 
   people tend to forget quickly what they learn in school . 
   you did n't read the comment i linked you to , did you ? 
  i did and it 's more of the same protectionist nonsense . 
  lower food prices are good , not bad , that nonsense that it will hurt the economy is retarded , the less people employed in agriculture and the lower the prices are , the more people will be employed elsewhere and the more consumers will consume from other sectors . 
  by that twisted logic of lower prices = bad , we should also ban using tractors , herbicides and harvesters because that machinery also makes less people employed in the agricultural sector and drives down prices for the consumer . 
  so unless you also argue for us to get rid of the machinery that does pretty much all the work for us and say that we should all be employed in agriculture and not allow ourselves to be out-competed by either foreigners or machinery that does the work more cheaply , you 're contradicting yourself . 
  war footage on the news . 
   you are ignoring the harm that these extreme cheap products cause in ( extreme ) poor countries . 
  low prices are harmful ? 
  wtf ? 
   of course the customers there will benefit of course . 
   but the whole economy of this poor country will suffer from this . 
  more disposable income for the consumers is bad for the economy ? 
  do you have any idea of the nonsense you 're saying ? 
   on the bright side , 41 % english , 39 % french and 35 % germans believe the same , with eu average of 32 % . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't believe that data . 
  there 's no way that can be right , even 6 year old kids learn about that in school . 
   why ? 
  well i 'm not too familiar on what all went down in portugal and it probably is not that simple but my guess is that they voted massively for the party that said they would reduce taxes , increase pensions , invest in the wrong stuf and so on leaving your agegroup with unsustainable debt during a crisis . 
  they voted for s\u00f3crates twice which did not reduce taxes but massively increased public spending and left the public debt to stack up . 
  [ he was in office from 2005 till 2011 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/government-debt-to-gdp ) and the results are here . 
   i fail to see how they would n't do that to themselves in a direct democracy though hell without a structured opposition or people in a direct democracy to get tax increases going it would have probably been even worse . 
  it would have been far far easier to block the megalomaniac public works he developed while still allowing for some of the good things he did such as in the abortion referendum which passed and the legalisation of gay marriage ( which was n't achieved in a referendum but could just as well been done that way ) . 
   maybe the mentality there is different but when i imagine people getting a voting bill infront of them with the option to vote for increased taxes when it might be needed i doubt many of them would take the responsible route and vote yes . 
  people are n't morons , it 's often the politicians that go `` we 'll spend more on you without taxing you more '' , people do realise you need to increase taxation to increase spending and that way it 's easier to prevent runaway public spending and taxation ( again , look at switzerland , their tax rates are far lower and yet their public spending is also quite low and they live much better off ) . 
   so , if the hobos in your example occupy your current home and declare it to be `` your former home '' , everything works ? 
  you ca n't declare what property is yours or is n't yours . 
  unless the brits were to forfeit the falklands or i was to abandon my home and never intending on coming back , sure , anybody could move in . 
  though this was n't the case with the falklands or with this house from the example . 
   furthermore , the argument itself is useless in practice : if in oliven\u00e7a or in gibraltar or anywhere else something was done to kill all the current inhabitants , followed by a week of intense colonisation , everything would apparently `` work '' using that logic ... let 's disregard how things come to be and hold a vote . 
  well , the dead ca n't vote , unless you could bring them back to life , it 's not like you 'd be able to achieve much in order to prevent that . 
  though i 'm sure the people in oliven\u00e7a or gibraltar or the falklands would put up a fight if portugal or spain or argentina were to try and seize this by force in order to kill the occupiers and set up shop . 
   poor weather patterns for 5 years could put a producer out of business , temporary favourable weather conditions in one area can make good artificially cheap over longer periods and so on . 
  not a reason to refuse lower prices on agricultural products with the excuse of promoting employment in agriculture . 
  i&d solves that and helps promoting a more stable amount of agricultural production , though the farmer already knows that way before deciding to be actually be a farmer , he 's a businessman like any other and he already takes into account that some years he 'll receive more or less money than usual . 
  to try and solve this issue by raising food prices all around , that 's very stupid , you 're only hurting the consumer and taking away employment from other sectors in order to keep them in agriculture . 
   true but has any other democracy in the world done that bad ? 
  i mean there 's a reason why it 's only been a thing in ancient greece and switzerland . 
  democracy not working ? 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;  how would you implement the double majorities or similar thing on a eu wide level ? 
  i do n't understand , with the principle of subsidiarity , there 's no such problems that can arise . 
   how do you decide which is trivial and should be decided by elected representatives and what is not ? 
  like the swiss do it , if the people organise and can gather say 100k signatures , they can take the issue to referenda . 
  let the representatives do whatever they 're meant and want to do , if the people organise and decide otherwise , the people have spoken and the popular vote triumphs over the representatives ' vote . 
   imo the population is quite easily seduced/deceived . 
  they ' r quite short sighted too . 
  this happens both in regular democracies and direct democracies but i 'd really imagine it being worse in the later . 
  nah , it 's even worse in representative democracies where people argue over who should lead and not what policies we should pursue . 
  besides , representatives can be bribed , be corrupted and use their powers for personal gain ( like they so often do ) whereas in more direct democracies , unless society as a whole benefits , the law wo n't pass , there 's much less incentives for special interest groups to lobby the representatives , they can only get what they want if society at large benefits . 
   maybe it 's because i 'm a belgian and have seen enough of the old garde being blamed for our current budget . 
  the one that the current generation has to pay for . 
  hey , i 'm portuguese and the bullshit spending our politicians did , often against the popular vote , that 's what got us into this position . 
  when compared to more direct democracies , we 're far worse and yet when compared to other systems other than democracies , we 're far better . 
  so yeah , i 'm all for more democracy . 
   i 'm just stating that some laws are a bit more nuanced then a simple bad vs good .
