  which we brought upon ourselves because even when the eu was giving us free money , we squandered it . 
  please do compare us with poland and estonia and the like , they came from much worse and are now speeding past us - when you realise that it 's because we 're still trying to cling on to the idea of the paternalistic state that should provide everything for us , perhaps then you and most people will stop supporting such short-sighted measures . 
   we 're becoming colonies and our people slaves . 
  oh , cry me a fucking river . 
  we 're only slaves to ourselves . 
   this eu is owned . 
  the eu is dead . 
  and it will end , badly . 
  you may be right but the culprit will be the socialistic moronic policies so many idiots still believe in . 
   from reading post from southern europeans , it sounds like they would much rather erect big tariffs against imports and nationalize most of the big corporations ... for example how on earth it is possible that portugal still has a communist party ? 
  did n't they receive the memo , the free world won , the communists lost . 
  these are the same people that go on strike when it 's friday and that occasionally say the germans are nazis . 
  ignore them , they 're the loud minority , the commies have a very hard time even getting 15 % of the votes . 
   i do n't understand what you 're saying here . 
  i 'm saying `` there is a very good reason why modern democracies are representative democracies rather than direct democracies '' is meaningless . 
   many of them are , but compared to the average citizen , they know quite a bit more about governance . 
  they 're still just as clever as the ordinary joe . 
   it 's just that i would prefer to keep a professional political `` class '' if you will , rather than random people picked off the street and put them in charge of governing a country . 
  you 're a random person picked off the street , does that invalidate your views as an individual ? 
  are you telling me `` oh , we ca n't let random people decide what 's best for a country , what do latvians know about joining the euro ? 
  oh , we do need the wise politicians to lead them in the right directions and do what 's best for them whether they want it or not ! '' ?? 
   how do you decide which issue the people want to be heard on ? 
  easy , in the issues the people petition and try to held a referendum . 
  again , look at switzerland . 
   there are a lot of people who want to severely restrict immigration for specific ethnic and religious groups . 
  there are people who want to restrict the rights of gays and transgenders . 
  there are a lot of politicians who want to severely restrict immigration for specific ethnic and religious groups . 
  there are politicians who want to restrict the rights of gays and transgenders . 
  there are a lot of people who want to facilitate immigration for all ethnic and religious groups . 
  there are people who want to grant equal rights to gays and transgenders . 
   dabbling in direct democracy too much can lead to tyranny of the majority , which is one of the reasons why most countries do n't use referendums often . 
  and ignoring the will of the people leads to tyranny of the minority ruling class . 
  your arguments against direct democracy are ludicrous , sorry , they work just as well against democracy itself . 
   just ten years ago , the majority of people in the united states wanted to ban gay marriage . 
  if there was a public referendum held on that , it would have been banned in all fifty states and dc . 
  `` i support democracy but only when most people support my views '' = `` i do n't support democracy '' . 
  heck , even the most repressive of dictators are supportive of such a system , that 's the opposite of being pro-democracy , that 's using democracy when it suits you and trampling all over it when the people at large disagree with you . 
  anyway , portugal had two abortion referendums , [ one in 1998 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_abortion_referendum,_1998 ) that failed and [ another in 2007 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_abortion_referendum,_2007 ) that passed , now the issue is dead and the problem was solved . 
  what about the usa , how 's your abortion debate there ? 
  if direct democracy sucks so much , if the representatives need to impose on the people what 's actually good for them , why are there still so many people there going on and on about abortion and how it should be banned ? 
  from where i 'm standing , sure , imposing things speeds things up but it does n't solve the underlining issue whereas real democracy may take its time but is incredibly effective in actually dealing with the problem . 
   a few years back , the public voted to impose term limits on state government representatives . 
  this has made california 's government dysfunctional . 
  then make a new referendum repealing it . 
   people who write a law are then kicked to the curb , making it so that the new legislators do n't understand the law 's function or intent . 
  additionally , it 's undemocratic . 
  `` oh , democracy is so complicated , why ca n't we just decide things for ourselves and impose it on others ? '', 
   in a representative democracy , you should be able to vote for the same person to represent your district/state/country as many times as you want . 
  here there are also plenty of term limits and we do n't have a direct democracy . 
  besides , if you do think there should be no term limits , why do n't you organise yourself with like-minded people and try to hold a referendum to abolish those ? 
  oh right , you just spent a lot of your time arguing against direct democracy . . oh well , i 'm sure your representatives will fix that for you just as well   term limits are a terrible idea in almost every aspect , yet the public supported them because it 's a popular talking point . 
  you know what 's really a terrible idea ? 
  arguing against direct democracy because you think the people at large are stupid . 
  you do n't actually support democracy but rather [ enlightened despotism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlightened_absolutism ) . 
   there is a very good reason why modern democracies are representative democracies rather than direct democracies . 
  fucking bullshit , that 's the same as saying `` there 's plenty of modern democratic countries that do n't allow for gay marriage so it should be banned '' . 
  besides , switzerland seems to be doing absolutely great with their direct democracy . 
   this is because the public is often uninformed or misinformed about issues , reinforced by popular sentiment . 
  what about the politicians , are they not just as uninformed or misinformed about issues ? 
  that 's an argument strictly against democracy , it 's essentially saying `` the people are stupid and ca n't think for themselves so we 'll decide for them '' . 
   plebiscites have their place in modern democracy , but not for every issue . 
  of course not in every issue , only in the issues the people want to have their voices heard . 
  if latvians did n't care , then it would be fine , but if the majority is clearly against it , why the fuck would you ever impose it on them ? 
   fuck everything about this winter . 
  there 's already been six waves of snowfall thus far ( sometimes lasting for days ) and now we 're expecting some more snow on sunday as well as on tuesday . 
  we 've had some rain and some cold :(, 
   tax cuts mostly increase the disposable income of people who did n't have a lack of disposable income already , so ** they just pile up more money instead of spending it ** . 
  that is so ridiculous , nobody piles up money , nobody hoards it around or takes it to the grave , everybody spends it sooner or later or they die and their heirs or somebody else spends it for them . 
  anyway , the second that person spends his own money and either consumes or invests , they stimulate the economy by created the need for employment which then allow everybody , including those who are worse off , to climb the social ladder on their own without any need for government redistribution . 
   do n't believe me , just check it out : the countries who made the heaviest cuts were also the countries who experienced the most grave economic shrinkage . 
  you ca n't just look at the government spending cuts , if a country cuts spending without cutting taxes then obviously you 're going to have a great restriction in the economic activity . 
  on the other hand , sure , you can increase government spending without raising taxes and artificially increase the economic activity . 
  however , if you consider that government ca n't spend that which it does n't have , that all government spending will sooner or later have to come out of the disposable income of the individuals within a society , then it acts as a zero sum game , you either spend a lot but also tax a lot or you spend and also tax very little . 
  so the question is n't about if the government should tax or spend but rather when to spend and when to tax and what 's the best way to improve the economy , if with plenty of government intervention in the economy and active redistribution of wealth or if with minimal government intervention and society as a whole through the market being the system that redistributes and creates wealth . 
   especially for you . 
    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpv4naycc2o that 's very nice , thank you  regardless of the grief i may get from my fellow portuguese because of how trashy this is , [ here , for you ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpena6w5jo0 ) xp, 
   this means the results are nearly meaningless . 
  it does n't measure how welcoming countries are , it measure how welcoming the countries think they are . 
  i was thinking the exact same thing before opening up the link but since the pic says portugal is very welcoming to foreigners , i 'll let it slide :p, 
  straight to the comments i came , nothing too fancy was i able to find . 
  even though my poetry is a shame , i 'll give r/europe another taste of my mind . 
   greed is evil . 
  [ greed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwsx1x8pv_a ) . 
   i 'm not entirely convinced it 's that senseless . 
  given that we do share a currency , and they run a huge trade surplus . 
  can you elaborate further please ? 
  yes , that 's true , we share the same currency and they have a trade surplus , now you please elaborate on how that causes unemployment here . 
  i 'm hoping you do n't come up with protectionist arguments or with arguments that also apply domestically ( and that applied to the different regions of portugal itself when we had our own currency ) . 
   well , even the imf , staunch defender of austerity in the past decades , now admits that the social expenses in europe apparently had a multiplier effect larger than 1 . 
  multiplier effect ? 
  you mean the same effect that can be increased with lower taxation as that increases disposable income ? 
  yeah yeah , money is evil , feel free to give away yours . 
   say we drop the income tax not everybody would be taxed then . 
   with the most important export now being unemployment this makes even less sense than when people say the usa exports democracy . 
   the problem is that people are not willing to accept any other economic system then capitalism , so suicide is the only solution . 
  because people only commit suicide under capitalism ? 
  because there have been other societies that were n't capitalistic which had no poverty ? 
   edit : to be less flippant , yes it is true that lower taxes means less revenue . 
  it is also true that taxes should be raised to increase revenue . 
  the so-called laffer curve does not exist in any empirical sense .
