  ( well , chances are it will keep itself in business with ads and so you wo n't have to pay a thing , but still , the more income the people of greece have , the faster they 'll get out of this mess ) . 
  if they want to help keep ert open , they should n't call on the greek government to do just that , what they should do is pay for its expenses . 
  the greek government is simply doing this because of its massive debt problem and the need to contain costs . 
  as it stands , this is ridiculous , you ca n't impose more taxes on the greek people and the tv station ca n't be run for free . 
   i bet you i wo n't . 
  unlike some people , i have integrity . 
  wait , you 've never actually met gypsies ? 
  damn , you must have been born with a silver spoon in your mouth !, 
  slyratchet , we do agree on a lot of things and i also do try to never be biased , if there 's one thing that i 've learn is that every single person can be a fucking asshole and that you should n't generalise as we 're all humans , we 're all driven by the same incentives and all subject to our own conditions , we 'd be hypocrites if we did n't acknowledge that . 
  but in this case , i do have to agree with embicek , you really should try to experience it before making a judgement on it as gypsies are something else entirely . 
  i 'm sorry if i sound like an asshole writing this but if you ever have to deal with them on any longer period of time i 'm sure you 'll understand what i mean by this . 
   being intolerant is practically a crime in scandinavia these days . 
  well , at least it 's not like the uk where faith schools play a major role and you go to jail if the political correctness police finds something they do n't approve of in your twitter . 
   a gang rape where the perpetrators were underage at the time as well ? 
  if you want to , though i 'm sure you already have it difficult , chances are you wo n't find many gang rapes committed by native swedes , i dare say you will only find such examples committed by immigrants or the children of immigrants , so suit yourself . 
  we 'll be waiting till you post such a news report , that way people can also be discriminatory against all swedes and it will be proven that people do n't demonstrate such bigotry only against people from the middle east and africa . 
   yes , who are usually poor and uneducated . 
  so were hundreds of thousands of portuguese just a few decades ago , yet that did n't stop them from finding employment and improving their lives without being a burden on the rest of society in the countries that received them , in fact , they integrated fairly well in countries like france , switzerland and luxembourg . 
   well this thread sure went to a whole racist place . 
  you can try to find a news-report about a gang rape made by native swedes so that everyone in the comments can be xenophobic against them , it should even things out . 
  bonus points if you can find such a gang-rape were the perpetrators got such a light sentence . 
   careful ... you 're awfully close to appearing racist . 
  yup , you can never be too careful , the mods might ban you if you point out that these individuals were from a specific background . 
  here in r/europe , people have been banned for racism because they said the truth . 
   he 's on vacation . 
  i have n't watched regularly since the past us elections , sorry :p damn , he 's always on vacation !, 
   anyone knows why ? 
  because trains are nationalised and there 's no profit incentive for them to be more efficient . 
   fuck off its not going to listen to you , its only a bot . 
  hey , what happened to jon stewart ? 
  what 's john oliver doing there ? 
   j.k. rowling lived in porto in the early 90s . 
  she married , had a child , divorced and left in 1995 . 
  the architectural designs described in the harry potter series are based on a library in porto called the livraria lello ( lello library ) . 
  this is where she got her inspiration for the gothic architecture and the spiraling staircases presented in the series . 
  and the dresses come harry potter from the [ academic clothing ] ( http://viajares.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/traje-academico-nacional-3.jpg ) !, 
   probably because of the beef-eaters ... nah , we call the brits `` bifes '' ( steaks ) because some go to the beach carelessly and get those nasty sunburns that resemble cooked meat . 
   some people are still rather unhappy about this incident . 
  and some people are still rather unhappy about portugal no longer having a pluricontinental empire . 
  it does n't make it relevant though . 
   we lost oliven\u00e7a due to the crown wanted to expand brazil and that lasted 8 years . 
  bah , [ oliven\u00e7a is worthless ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=47gbdnsgptq#t=643s ) anyway . 
   most people that are not fluent in english will read the silent k , resulting in in the quenaife . 
  i 've never met anyone like that . 
  people will say `` naifa '' when they do n't want to say `` faca '' . 
   friedman did not see a dictatorship as against liberty . 
  that 's enough to disqualify him on such aspects of life . 
  `` chile is not a politically free system , and i do not condone the system . 
  but the people there are freer than the people in communist societies because government plays a smaller role . 
  the conditions of the people in the past few years has been getting better and not worse . 
  they would be still better to get rid of the junta and to be able to have a free democratic system . '', 
  - friedman in 1980 `` the chilean economy did very well , but more important , in the end the central government , the military junta , was replaced by a democratic society . 
  so the really important thing about the chilean business is that free markets did work their way in bringing about a free society . '', 
  - friedman in 2000, 
   how about this then : the rest of the world deserves a better french president , and it 's too bad we 're gon na have to deal with this guy for at least the rest of his term . 
  dammit . 
  the rest of the world also deserves a better us president . 
  and the usa also deserves better than a fptp / two party system . 
  and we portuguese probably do n't deserve the shitty corrupt system we 've built . 
  and europe also deserves better than the eu . 
  and there 's is n't much sense in talking about what each deserves because it changes nothing . 
   but protectionism leads to conservativism . 
  wtf ? 
  protectionism means trade barriers ( economic policy ) , conservatism means preserving the current system ( economic/social/legal / political system ) . 
   gladly , since he overlooks the fact that most government interventions are here for a good reason ( health standards , safety at work , preservation of the landscape ... ) . 
  just because they 're there for a good reason it does n't mean they 're doing us any good . 
  [ case in point ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzl25nslhea ) . 
   it 's about all countries in eu which are swamped with dubious hollywood productions and cheap american reality tv shows . 
  and ? 
  iirc , nobody forces you to watch those . 
   you realize you 're using an american website to complain about whatever it is you think us culture is , right ? 
  he 's a troll , ignore him . 
   why would a small elitist group of hollywood executives define what culture is ? 
  except that they do n't . 
  they simply produce content and it 's only culture if the people adhere to it . 
  and there 's plenty of things made in hollywood that nobody cares about . 
  it 's just like the internet , there 's plenty of content around but only the people ( and not those who make the content ) decide what is culture . 
  nobody decided that the matrix or inception were going to become culturally relevant just like phenomenon like gangnam style or harlem shake happened on their own . 
   wait ... are you denying the necessity for antitrust laws ? 
    i guess i agree with the word `` libertard '' then . 
  call [ him ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdlbzffgfqu ) a libertard then . 
   film industry brings a lot of jobs , directly and indirectly . 
  if tax money is put into production that takes place inside the home borders , all the money will return back to the state coffers in few months . 
  that 's just what 's seen , what 's not seen is the money that could be spent but wo n't be spent by the people . 
  on the way they employ a lot of people and may even bring money from outside the state . 
   usually people are interested in seeing films made at home . 
  does not compute . 
  you just said everybody was watching us films and not eu stuff and now you 're saying that what the people want is eu stuff . 
  anyway , what the people want , they can choose on their own . 
   you 're saying that because a light-weight pugilist and heavy-weight pugilist are both best-of-the-line and both are doping-free , then the fight is fair . 
  what i 'm saying is that we should n't be an autarky . 
  if the americans make better films , great for them , we should then focus on other things , it 's called comparative advantage . 
   have you had any problems seeing us-films wherever you live ? 
  i 'm going to guess no . 
  considering the current trend , i 'm guessing we 'll soon have problems . 
   the idea of the government aid is n't to ban us-films , it 's to give local films the same subjective aid that hollywood-films enjoy due to larger target group . 
  so it 's more of the same - subsidies , central planning and protectionism . 
   i 'm slowly starting to get the impression that you have no idea how film industry or economy works . 
  if you want to know my opinion , [ here ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#theatres_fine_arts ) , a frenchman from the 19th century can explain it better than i can why it is not a good idea for the state to subsidise the arts . 
   til poland is not the world .
