   usually dubbed in french , but subtitled versions have become widely awailable lately . 
  did n't france have a law banning subtitles so that everything had to be translated into french ? 
  pretty much this , started learning when i was 10 in school but with subtitled films and by playing plenty of video games , and also considering that portuguese and english are so incredibly similar , i picked it up quite fast . 
  by the time i was 13 i was already posting quite frequently on english forums and watching unsubtitled english videos on youtube so by then i had no problems with the language . 
   sources ? 
  [ new zealand - agricultural policy ] ( http://www.oecd.org/newzealand/newzealand-agriculturalpolicymonitoringandevaluation2011.htm ) [ new zealand - agricultural statistics ] ( http://www.stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/industry_sectors/agriculture-horticulture-forestry.aspx )  edit : also , you do n't need to downvote me i did n't downvote you though you did not provide any source yourself . 
   because you do n't agree with me . 
  you 're the one giving your opinions , i 'm the one present facts . 
   if they do n't support small , eco friendly farms , there 'll only be big ones left . 
  nonsense . 
   if you want to continue to enjoy a good choice of fresh vegetables in the eu , you may want to rethink whatever led you to that comment . 
  did you know that in new zealand they have a greater choice in fresh vegetables and fruits than we do ? 
  did you know that they do n't subsidise a single farm and abolished pretty much all of their trade barriers and have now a much stronger economy and an healthier agriculture ? 
  meh , those two have a good free market rhetoric though their policies often not so much . 
   are you police or something ? 
  no , drugs are decriminalised here . 
   i 'm far from being a defender of cap as it is and was me too . 
  i 'm personally a strong supporter of new zealand 's agricultural policy . 
   i consider that agriculture in the 21st century is a strategic branch of the economy , more important than oil and military . 
  i also consider agriculture to be extremely important , all the more reasons for it to not be ran by incompetent bureaucrats but by farmers in a market . 
   plus , i like knowing that my flour wo n't give me lead poisoning , so i prefer having it from someplace nearby not some nameless factory in china . 
  i also do n't approve of poisoning or death lol . 
  though if you think cap is used to prevent you from lead poisoning , you 're kidding yourself . 
   `` spent by the people '' ... people are stupid . 
  and meps are people chosen by the people and the ones who plan cap are bureaucrats and regulators bought off by the agricultural lobby and business interests ( themselves also people ) . 
  if people are stupid then any other alternative made by other people is also stupid . 
   look at what happens when you leave the food industry unregulated and free as a bird ( see usa ) . 
  the food industry is unregulated in the usa ?? 
  lol , they have like cap but worse , they 're filled with quotas and subsidies and whatnot !!, 
  [ here ] ( http://www.oecd.org/newzealand/newzealand-agriculturalpolicymonitoringandevaluation2011.htm ) 's a truly unregulated agricultural policy . 
   cut subsidy and let anybody sell you flour and 10 years from now you wo n't have one farmer left ... nowadays you have like 2 farmers for every 100 people . 
  200 years ago it was like 75 farmers for every 100 people . 
  are you saying less farmers and more mechanisation is bad ? 
   food industry is like medicine industry , you need a lot of oversight or you die . 
  what 's with the scaremongering ? 
   if private businesses overestimate , you end up with a surplus that you sell at a loss and go bankrupt . 
  or you stockpile or you export and the price automatically falls and hence less people have to incentive to produce it . 
   if they underestimate , you end up with high food prices . 
  or you import more and the rise in food prices automatically incentives people to produce more of it . 
   a single farmer might not know how many other farmers are producing the same crop , or how much . 
  of course not , that 's what the price system is for . 
  farmers choosing to produce the crops which are more expensive and not the ones which are cheaper for profit with the side effect that that automatically adjusts the supply to the demand . 
   the state can coordinate to try and find the best level . 
  as demonstrated in every planned economy ever . 
   you would have spent it ... that 's precisely the point , instead of it being spent by the government , it should be spent by the people , a decentralized choice is much more efficient than a centrally planned one . 
   you know , macro-economy is like ... complex , dude are you high or something ? 
  europe is an ok country , i mean , it 's not as exciting as the netherlands but it 's still much more interesting than for example switzerland . 
  to big farms only ? 
  what a disappointment . 
   just to think how much we could have gotten if we had ** not ** spend the ~ ~ same ~ ~ money ~ ~ on science , education , energy modernisation , or any number of a thousand more worthwhile projects ~ ~ . 
  there , ftfy . 
  it would have been lovely , perhaps now we would n't be so indebted with all these taxes and unemployment . 
   `` why should i care about all this spying bullshit when i have nothing to hide ? '', 
  why should the government care about whistle-blowers when they say they have nothing to hide ? 
   a source for that claim would be lovely , i know to little on the subject to judge it . 
  there is n't like a single indicator that one can point to as there 's so many things that affect economic freedom , though there 's an economic freedom index and they qualify quite high . 
  though , if you have the time , [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fntyv0cxfzu ) is an interesting video explaining the scandinavian system . 
   all of the north european countries are somewhat socialist no , they 're not , their economies are of the freest in europe . 
   the importance is to find the balance . 
  the proper balance would be the freest market . 
   only then does a socialistic state work . 
  socialism working . . lol, 
   this entire article is about why there is a need to discriminate against foreigners ... you talk as if only foreigners exploit the system and live at the expense of the taxpayers . 
   i picked the same three as you . 
  i went with `` security , fight against organized crime '' as my only choice . 
   a socialistic state with benefits ~ ~ based upon nationality and geography closed border , ~ ~ that willfully hands out benefits to ~ ~ other nationalities and ~ ~ citizens ~ ~ which do not reside in the country ~ ~ . . is fully open for abuse . 
  ftfy , there 's no need to discriminate against foreigners . 
   it 's elected by the parliament . 
  aka not voted for by the people . 
  do n't you think it 's a position too important to be left appointed by some meps , a bunch of whom are no different than the one in the video ? 
  do you rather have the decision made for you or decided by yourself ? 
   do any citizens , anywhere in the world , have a say where the parliament is stationed ? 
  the issue is n't where it 's located , the issue is there being two of them . 
   the ec does n't have legislative power . 
  i meant executive as it 's clear when i said `` though what i 'm for is democracy for the executive branch . '', 
   why do n't you start by asking that from your own constitution , then ? 
  so because my constitution is shit i ca n't point out the flaws in the eu system ? 
   it 's those who most criticise the eu for its `` democratic deficit '' that also most defend unanimity and national vetoes , without seeing the obvious contradiction . 
  i 'm not one of those guys so if that was a straw-man , it was way off . 
   immediately , you would have the farmers on the streets accusing the `` faceless bureaucrats in brussels '' of `` destroying our livelihoods to serve big foreign agrobusiness/monsanto/coca-cola / etc. '', 
  they 'd launch an extremely sophisticated , well-funded no campaign , which would almost certainly succeed . 
  i doubt that as it would be the people the ones deciding . 
  as of now , they only need to lobby the easily bribed morons in the ep . 
  you ca n't fool every time . 
   even if , by some miracle , a majority of european voters was to see through the obvious manipulation , it would be enough for the no campaign to win in a country by a significant margin for big problems to start . 
  why do you assume that the people are stupid ? 
  why are you arguing against a referendum ? 
   it would be difficult for any national government to resist the popular pressure to replace the missing eu subsidies by national subsidies then let them , it would still be best than what we have now . 
  the french could spend 50 % of their budget on agriculture for all i care as long as they 're the ones paying for it and not the whole union . 
   in turn , this would put pressure on other countries to support their own farmers . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  so you go from a situation where the people repealed cap to a position where cap would be reinstated on a national level ? 
   chaos would ensue . 
  that 's the thing with democracy , if things do n't work then the people can simply vote again to make it right . 
  the arguments you 're making against a referendum on cap are all arguments against democracy . 
   yes , i see plenty wrong in both options , especially the second one . 
  the point was : we voted for the ep , not the ec , the ep should n't be able to themselves grant legislative power to the ec as the only thing that the people voted on was the legislative power of the ep . 
   in the first case , we would get a presidentialist system , which i doubt would be best for the eu . 
  in the second case , you 'd be giving both executive and legislative powers to the european parliament . 
  in the first case , we could perfectly get a system like switzerland with several heads of state .
