  momma says it 's ok being special !, 
  o que ? 
  i must have made myself not clear . 
  what i meant to say was why would you venture yourself in the usa airports ( i was hoping that would be clear from the links i posted ) , when they are known for being so idiotic and draconian in an irrational way . 
  if they reply , please post their response here . 
  well , my country is with 30 % youth unemployment and the government is having a hard time liberalizing employment , it 's still easier to shut down a factory than it is to fire 5 unproductive workers , it would be really helpful if the unions did n't had so much power and did n't go on strike every time the government tries to revitalize the economy . 
  but the unions have way too much power and only care about themselves and those they represent , they do n't give a shit to those unemployed or the rest of the society . 
  but yes , this is more of a national problem than it is an eu one , other than showing their support for the legislation trying to be put through , there is n't much the eu can do . 
  `` a new animal along with the piigs in its farm '' ? 
  not really , no . 
  as if the germans were the only ones to commit murder in a large scale even inside the eu . 
  it never will . 
  lol at them trying . 
  the influx of people from the middle east entering europe would be too much , and their culture is just too different from ours , though converging , will not anytime soon be exactly attrition-free . 
  politicians just go with the economical excuses and they still try to represent the ottomans and justify their treatment of the armenians , so they have it easy . 
  in short , it would be much more trouble than it is worth it , at least for now that 's how things are . 
   i did n't expect more than this in this subreddit , though . 
  on r/atheism . 
  i have to say , it 's actually quite funny , at least imo . 
  but what do i know , i also find this very topic funny . 
  it 's a joke , the title could be changed to pretty much any other eu country and it would still be valid , it 's the internet , do n't take so seriously . 
  why would they ever want to visit the usa in the first place ? 
  [ l.a. food stylist pulled from flight for ` atom bomb ' tattoo ] ( http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/dailydish/2010/11/la-food-stylist-pulled-from-flight-for-atom-bomb-tattoo.html ) [ tsa pat-down of a 3 year old ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn6pj7np1ya ), 
  eu countries currently having financial issues , which by the way are not limited to portugal , ireland , italy , spain or greece . 
  but i guess if it was something like ukpiigs , for instance , it would n't have the same ring to it . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , i fully agree with you in that the eu should be more unified and be independent from the usa just as it is from anybody else , but what do you mean when you say that we 're just a collection of small entities that take orders from them ? 
  it 's not like they 're bullying us over our lunch money , pressuring our politicians to cave in to their demands or asking us to join them in invading more arabic countries , or that they 'd act that much differently towards us if we were an united states of europe . 
  what do you mean ? 
  multiculturalism is about the government promoting minority cultures , which is exactly the opposite of non-intervention . 
  i agree with pretty much of what you said but i fully disagree about # 7 . 
  multiculturalism is often nothing but problems , either by causing resentment towards minorities or these minorities trying to impose their will on the rest of society . 
  i 'd rather live in a society where the government does n't try to promote any culture . 
  windows ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that was bill gates ... 
  this is most definitely related to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/oull7/europe_is_considering_a_sweeping_new_law_that/ ) . 
  i can confirm this . 
  that article was bullshit . 
  it 's actually quite clever indeed . 
  if there were european rednecks , i 'm pretty sure they 'd sound like that . 
  i there 's one thing i love in you guys is your sense of humor . 
  at least according to portuguese law , you 're mistaken . 
  considering that our law is largely derived from german and roman law , i would be very surprised if we were the only country that could prosecute criminals for crimes they have committed in other countries . 
  personally , i agree with this , rather than extraditing suspected criminals to the us and other countries , it would be for the best if we just adjusted our laws if we have to so that they can be prosecuted in their own country . 
  you do n't need the extradition treaties to nail them , nor should you need them . 
  you can prosecute criminals in your own country . 
  it 's not . 
  sarcasm aside , that 's exactly what the far left parties and unions want . 
  and they 're the most vocal group , at least here . 
  fortunately they have never won and hopefully never will win the elections . 
  their unemployment severely increased with the housing crisis and now the difficulty in getting credit , as they had a lot of people working in civil construction and now almost every project is in stand-by . 
  i honestly do n't care . 
  if those idiots do n't know about our existence , let them , it 's not like it would be beneficial if they did . 
  is that the flag of angola ? 
  why does it say antarctica ? 
  you forgot the part of the extreme stereotypes , like the french with the baguettes or the british coldstream guards . 
  i 've never heard about that saying , but if you say so , i guess . 
  good grief , this is an union of 27 countries , why give such relevance to the current uk vs germany/france debate for europe ? 
  if we 're ever going to further our integration even more , these nationalistic petty arguments really need to stop , they are only good for driving us apart . 
   welcome to the fourth reich fucking really ? 
  when we compare the mess we 're in to what 's happening in other countries ( usa and ows , russia and their elections , the arab world and the revolutions , china and their population working conditions ) , we are indeed not bad at all !, 
  sure , there 's room for a lot of improvement within the eu , it 's just than when it comes to the uk , it often seems you 'd rather just give up than continue to work for a better future . 
  but then again , what does the uk have faith in when it comes to the eu ? 
   but that 's what modern democracy is all about !, 
  corporate interest is what really matters . 
  this is n't the usa . 
  democracy here is n't only two parties with a chance to win and both favoring corporations . 
  as a side note , i 'd be much more scared if it were the communists getting their way most of the time rather than the corporations . 
  as for the eu council , it still has to go through parliament and those were elected democratically , so i doubt it will pass . 
  godwin 's law much ? 
  unfortunately ... 
  it would be really helpful if you could determinate what it is . 
  the blame is n't of the people directly , it has been their governments that were to blame . 
  greece did many many things wrong , they never got used to losing the drachma and they continued to live like they did during the cold war when they were an important exchange intermediary and had full control over their currency . 
  that and the general government waste that provided subsidies for everyone and everything . 
  such mismanagement of money is obviously a recipe for failure . 
  portugal never did things as bad as greece and at least did n't try to hide its debt like the greeks , but still , mistakes were made and money no longer grows on trees ( or should i say , it still does but the tree is in brussels ? ) . 
  you ca n't blame it in anyone in particular , you certainly ca n't pick us a greek , portuguese , british or german from the street and say `` it was him ! '', 
  but it does n't really matter now , does it ? 
  at least it 's what i think , that the priority now is to fix this and prevent it from happening in the future rather than pointing fingers and scapegoating others . 
  the inflation rates between both countries is very similar , the goal is for it to be 3 % year . 
  i do n't get it , how is the ecb trying to harm us . 
  ( as a side note , i 'm in my first year of university , getting a degree in economics in universidade do porto , so i 'm genuinely interested in learning more about this . ), 
  what ?? 
  the inflation as been really low in germany but so has also happened in portugal !!, 
  in fact , in 2009 , portugal even had deflation !!, 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/inflation-cpi http://www.tradingeconomics.com/portugal/inflation-cpi, 
  when you consider that we got to the point that our own state only had money to pay for salaries and pensions for one more month , all that goes down the drain . 
  yes , we did wasted a lot of money . 
  would it be fair if the situations reversed ? 
  ( ex : portuguese people from the continent having to pay for the fuck ups of the madeira government without any accountability there ? ), 
  i do n't think so . 
  the germans clearly are n't in this for the money . 
  i do n't know or care if it 's guilt or pure interest on an european union or whatever , but what i do know is that they 've already invested a lot in this and that they are not going to get all their money back so soon , if they 're even going to get it all back at all . 
  i personally do n't view it as slavery , i view it as paying for the crap we did in the past and doing our obligation of paying what we owe . 
  it wo n't kill us and it will only teach us a lesson , hopefully now we 'll learn from our mistakes . 
  i do n't want to sound too harsh but while calling us piigs is n't really helpful , we whining because we do n't want to pay for the mistakes we did and the loans we took is n't also good . 
  take it easy , man . 
  saying stuff like gtfo and then complaining about downvotes is n't really going to help you achieve anything . 
  nobody is saying the current $ issue is uk 's fault , but is n't it still fair to ask for the uk 's help ? 
  i mean , if the uk had problems of its own , the rest of the eu would certainly help , it 's why we 're in a union , is n't it ?
