  our politicians do what gets them the popular vote , iceland had nothing to lose so their politicians said `` fuck the banks '' . 
  we still have a whole lot to lose , even greece , obviously it 's in our best interest to comply . 
  if things are deemed lost and this is over , trust me on that whoever got screwed over would just did what iceland did and things would be difficult to both : countries like greece would be on their own and european banks and other countries like germany would lose all their assets in said country . 
  seriously , stop with the `` people '' propaganda , austerity is required because the governments overspent , our leaders just want their time in power , banks just want money for hookers and blow and people just want to get by , nobody is out to get anybody , at least not that hard and badly , in fact , they 're just like those pro-poker players , they rather win a little every time they play with someone inexperienced than win a lot once and never have them coming back because how badly they pushed it . 
  the euro will not fail , nobody other than those who root for our downfall has any interest in it , everyone in europe would be financially and not-monetarily poorer if it happened , please stop preaching the end of days for this ambitious european project . 
   we are not talking about the collapse of the dollar here . 
  the moment an american article appears here with an headline as ludicrous as `` why the euro is n't worth saving '' , it 's on , and truth be told , since ` nam , the dollar just is n't the same , and if you add to it the control they have over it and the money they waste on defense and on innovation and compare it to the money we spend on those , yeah , the future actually looks brighter for us !, 
   news are news , and there are clear signs that , in order for the banks to be saved , individual countries will revert to local currencies while paying back loans in overvalued euros . 
  this is n't news , it 's more fearmongering and more `` the eu sucks '' propaganda . 
  in this case , an american source , and it 's know how these are biased and serve a political purpose . 
  they 're always ready to fuel paranoia , be it calling a revolution in egypt against a dictator friendly to them `` rise of the caliphate '' just in case they might have to bomb them , be it preaching the euro instability to make it easier to excuse to their fuck-ups with the dollar . 
   btw should n't you be farming kittens now and eating them for breakfast since your beloved europarliament voted to send all your private details to us authorities :p ? 
  it 's in direct conflict with the portuguese constitution , so i 'm not that worried . 
  but yes , i 'm pretty pissed about that . 
  i 'm just saying , if what we were fighting for was suddenly lost , he 'd have nothing to lose by going iceland 's way out . 
  there 's still a lot of hope for portugal , same for ireland , spain or italy . 
  greece as well , though it has its work cut out and it wo n't be that easy for them . 
  going back on the euro would mean the fight is lost , that there 's no point in trying to pay back what we already owe , and with the aggravation that it was imposed on us in this hypothetical scenario , and in this parallel universe , nobody on his right mind would continue to try and please those who just betrayed us , and no more money would be paid to pay off debts . 
  regarding greece , it 's their property and they decide what they do with it . 
  and even in that hypothetical scenario , they could still just kick them out and call those houses theirs again , were they abandoned by the rest of us . 
  the dollar also is n't that reliable anymore , or is it ? 
  with the money your country spends on overseas wars and your public sector debt , you 're in a very similar position to us , i would n't be cheering if i was there . 
   i assume you believe it 's a better option to surrender our finances to the eu and remain in a monetary union that is doomed to fail ? 
  [ citation needed ]  going back to the escudo would force us to live within our means no , it would mean exactly the opposite , it would mean we 'd just continue to spend more than what we have and print and mint what we owe away - just like what was happening before we decided to join the euro . 
   it is much more likely that we would just adapt to it rather than collapse and find ourselves without the ability to import oil or other necessities , you 're just being overly dramatic . 
  not only would it mean the failure of the single currency , it would mean we failed in keeping competitive and not borrowing more than what we can pay . 
  and i 'm not being overly dramatic , we now live in a globalized world and do n't control a intercontinental colonial empire , going back would have the most severe backlash , seriously , if it was an actual threat , i 'd start by accumulating brazilians reais . 
   besides the bop would know very well that the escudo would be competing against the euro so they would be very dedicated in protecting the credibility of the currency and preventing inflation from getting out of hand . 
  you really think that after all this and alone , the bank of portugal would have any chance in competing with the rest of the world 's currencies ? 
   yes , but atleast in s\u00e3o bento they can only fuck one country and got ta worry about the other ones getting ahead of us . 
  they seem as untouchable in s\u00e3o bento as in brussels , if you ask me . 
  if we were thrown under the bus , as in kicked out of the euro , you really think we 'd continue to pay what we owe , contract or no contract ? 
  you also support ron paul with his `` gold standard '' ideas , how seriously can i take you ? 
   in the long term we will be better off with our own currency than with the euro yes , increased inflation - incapacity of attracting investment , much more difficulties in investing in foreign countries , power supplies threatened by the increased cost of oil , food much more expensive , impossibility to ask for more loans as nobody wants to be paid in worthless paper , yada yada yada . 
  in fact , why do n't we just ditch all forms of currency ? 
  it 'd saves us the trouble of printing and minting and we 'd go straight into the wonders of inflation !, 
   further centralization of power in brussels . 
  you say it as if it was a bad thing . 
  they 're just as incompetent as those in s\u00e3o bento . 
   when these guys say `` there is a slight possibility that euro will fail so let 's get everyone to sign agreements on how they will pay us in escudos '' they are giving out the closest thing to euro-failure confirmation we will ever get from someone that high . 
  we only leave if we want and we do n't ( we much rather stay within this european project , despite these hardships , and the alternative is far worse for us ) , and they do n't as well ( clauses for paying in escudos ? 
  bah , the moment they threw someone under the bus , they 'd see none of the millions they invested here ) . 
  they 're no omniscient divinity that moves in mysterious ways , they 're just as human and failure-prone as the rest of us , and it shows , otherwise they would n't be fueling these conspiracies with these clauses which would have no meaning anyway if things did go down . 
   i do n't particularly fancy the bloke because of his policies on illegal immigrants , particularly roma and northern africans . 
  to be fair , i 'm also kind of used to see paris on fire because of some of them , that kind of action is bound to have backlashes . 
  as for the websites part , i mean , i understand him not wanting people to spread around for example info on how to make bombs , even though it will be impossible to enforce . 
  i think you have to understand that he must not show weakness and needs to seem to be doing something to prevent similar stuff from happening in the future , even though you 're absolutely right , it 's ridiculous and just not viable on the long run . 
   yeah let 's work together for a brighter future for all of the banks . 
    my life dream was always to be a slave to them , me getting paid peanuts and them getting all the wealth . 
  glorious !, 
   how is this fact and not belief ? 
   the mere notion about a bad prediction in the markets , makes the stocks to plummet and you think i am reading too much into it ? 
  the stock market is filled with speculation , stocks plummeting on the short term is irrelevant , only on the long term can it be a serious problem . 
   you obviously put too much faith into the system and you feel that their survival equals with your survival . 
  i have no faith in the system and from what i 've seen the past years , their survival equals the stagnation of the people . 
  the population needs banks and banks need the population , it 's beneficial for both parties involved , people do n't go into a bank asking for a loan with the intention of not paying it just like bankers do n't go through the accounts with the intention of keeping the money to themselves . 
  though , certainly , this whole system thing needs to be regulated to avoid frauds . 
  what do you mean by stagnation ? 
  i mean , it 's not like there 's that much we can improve on , or is there ? 
  do n't think i 'm just an optimistic , i 'm not , it 's just that there are so many in a much worse situation than us and it was this system which allowed us to be where we are for so long - at peace , with food on our tables , leading the world in terms of life expectancy or scientific development , yada yada yada - while others , with different methods , are still having such difficulties . 
  i mean , look into other systems where there 's not a financial sector , are they better off than us or are they much worse ? 
   this is so wrong in my book that i can not understand how you can so easily accept it . 
  it 's because if a bank collapses , much more go behind and too many people and companies are dependent on them for them to fail . 
  i mean , i do n't think there 's such a thing as `` too big to fail '' , but risking much more people 's savings just does n't seem wise . 
  you just seem to hate and have an irrational fear of the banks , sure , they have a whole lot of influence but that 's just because that 's were people and companies have their money deposited , they 're not some godlike creatures here to keep the man down , they 're just out to make a profit . 
  btw , you still have n't answer my question , i mean , i also agree that they have to be much more strictly regulated but you ca n't just say all banks ought to be nationalized , their wealth shared equally with the masses and by killing those who gather the deposits and give out loans , society will be better off . 
  my hands seem fine , i mean , i 'm using my actual keyboard to write this post . 
   the european investment bank asks the firms from those countries to sign agreements for the loans that will be issued to them , saying how they will repay them back in case euro fails . 
  if it failed , which it wo n't , they 'd get no money at all , now would they ? 
   this means they are preparing for the no-euro era . 
  it also means they fear it will happen soon and by asking firms to sign such agreements they are actually confirming it . 
  you 're reading too much into it . 
  just because a house insurance covers against plane crashes or asteroids does n't mean people are planning for the worst . 
   it 's a matter of what is needed to be done in order for the banks to survive . 
  if they think that they will be saved by ending euro they will simply do it . 
  the banks can hardly survive on their own , how could they seriously decide on the future of the euro . 
  not to mention that they would be those who 'd lose the most if the euro failed , all the money that 's owed to them would stop being theirs if they just said fuck it . 
   if it means that you and your family must starve in order for them to be saved , they will simply do it ( they are actually already doing that ) . 
  if you talk about some people starving for the banks to stay afloat , of course , if you talk about the banks turning on its customers and fucking up everyone royally , then no , they 'd lose everything they have in the country and perhaps be nationalized , which is the exact opposite of what a shareholder would want . 
  i 'm sorry if i sounded patronizing , it 's just that you do n't seem to be in such a bad situation . 
  regarding the gypsies , yeah , i 've seen them being loaded into buses with romanian plates . 
  then i realized , it 's kind of odd that there 's no general stereotype against romanians ( or eastern europeans for that matter ) , but gypsies are a whole other thing , and quite understandably , considering their behavior in society . 
  i 'm not sure if i understand you . 
  so what you 're proposing is the end of the eu simultaneously with the banking sector ? 
  may i ask why ? 
  it 's a serious question , i mean , everyone seemed to hate berlusconi when he was in power , now some people kind of miss him , and now it seems that the popular thing to do is hate on sarkozy , merkel and cameron just for the fun of it . 
  i 'm saying this because often people just seem insult them and not criticize their policies , which i find confusing . 
  if it 's just a political move and things will go back to the status quo after the elections , why the hate ? 
  that border control is certainly because of security issues and the like , it 's not like germany is going to let the eu fall and it 's readying to clean up the fallout . 
  besides , hypothetically speaking , if germany abandoned the eu ( which is exactly the opposite of what 's in its best interest ) , the last thing the others would do would be make a run for the german border - what would be the point ? 
  i 'm sure what would happen is everyone would just stay put and everyone in debt would do what iceland did and not pay a dime . 
  all this `` eu is going to fall just like the mayans predicted it '' talk is unfounded , the eu only falls if we let it and it 's in everyone 's best interest not to allow that to happen , so let 's just ignore the ramblings of those who 'd rather see us divided instead of unified and continue to work together for a brighter future for all of europe . 
  i do n't get it , what would be in it for greece if it went back to the drachma other than increased inflation and more expensive oil/food/energy imports ? 
  also , what is exactly going to be asked to portugal and the like ? 
  ask us not to go back to the escudo ? 
  that 's like asking us not to chop off our own hands - we obviously wo n't and we do n't need to be told that . 
  you 're eu now , is it that bad ? 
  i mean , you must certainly be better of than say ukraine , i mean , i do n't know , it 's just that at least here there are much more ukrainians immigrants than romanians . 
  i mean , there are a lot of gypsies here that come from there , but they 're not romanians , they 're gypsies , i 'm assuming they 're as welcomed there as they are here . 
  i do n't get it .
