  we have to use pilots for what ? 
  to bomb 3rd world countries ? 
  drones will allows us to do this more efficiently ? 
  if that 's the case , fuck this , i 'd rather we had nothing of the sort and spent our money more wisely like on things that actually matter . 
  for example , more funds for education would be nice , perhaps then we would n't have so many ignorant gun nuts with such a boner for military hardware , perhaps these people could properly learn about history , the destructive nature of men and how an arms race fails to improve safety for a society . 
   i did not say we 'd benefit from the increased taxation but you see , not everything is measured in money . 
  unless you can pull combat drones out of your ass , yup , these cost money , quite a lot actually . 
  who pays for this ? 
  the taxpayers . 
  who benefits from these ? 
  society would if these drones were defending us from something . 
  fortunately for us , we are n't going to be invaded any time soon , unfortunately for us , our governments still acquire these drones , the only ones who benefits from this are the defence contractors . 
   they 're completely immoral . 
  a total disgrace , and i consider them terrorism . 
  read this . 
    http://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2012/09/every-person-is-afraid-of-the-drones-the-strikes-effect-on-life-in-pakistan/262814/ the thing is , i 'm not even arguing for or against their destructive power , i 'm simply asking if we really have a need for these . 
  i for one would rather see my tax money spent on more useful stuff like , for example , on actual policemen , who actually protect society from harm . 
   i suppose oink does n't have an army ... 
  the rest of the countries however do and although we do n't feel the need to have a big one like america having an effective , accurate and safe one is something none of us ( you excluded ) probably oppose . 
  i 'm sure these combat drones will be most useful when the zombies or aliens or whatever invade , till then , please do n't use my tax money for bullshit which will either dust up in a warehouse or be used to indiscriminately kill people in africa or the middle east . 
   and as far as europeans benefiting , i live in the city were saab has their hq , employing something like 5000 people in this region . 
  we are benefiting  that is what is seen , what you do n't see is the taxes you pay that fund that . 
  if you 're not going to be invaded and those people are just sitting there , you 're actually loosing a lot , it 's money being spent on something not productive . 
  see [ parable of the broken window ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) or [ that which is seen , and that which is not seen ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#disbanding_troops ) . 
   it does make it beneficial when the alternative is harmful . 
  we 're being harmed by the lack of drones ? 
  we 'll benefit from the increased taxation to support these ? 
   is it worth it ? 
  we have three options . 
  we could scrap the european defence industry and buy all our materiel from the us , as long as they 'll let us . 
  that 's ridiculous as we 're still spending money on combat drones . 
   we could scrap it and hope for the best . 
  `` scrap it and hope for the best '' ? 
  how about `` downsize it and use our economical mighty instead of our military for that edge in foreign relations '' ? 
  the way you talk , it 's as if it is these drones what will prevent us from bending over to the us or russia , that without these easily we 'd be invaded and that china or india are just waiting for us to get careless so that they can bomb norwich or graz or whatever . 
   or we could continue to build our own , which would mean we 'd have to export some of it , and keep the money and expertise in europe . 
  or we could not spend money on drones which wo n't be required and leave the taxpayers keep their money . 
   it sure as hell fucking is . 
  `` the benefit is that we are not putting any of our people in danger '' =  this could be said about a lot of things , just because it 's not harmful it does n't make it beneficial . 
   the main benefit of unmanned aircraft is that they have a much longer range and loiter time than a conventional aircraft . 
  drones can orbit an area or follow a target for many hours depending on their payload . 
  this means that a possible target can be watched in real time for as long as is needed to decided whether they are an actual threat or not . 
  this leads to more accurate strikes and less collateral damage . 
  fine , now let 's talk about where 's the need for this and what 's the expense for the taxpayer . 
   woah woah woah there buddy . 
  the eu is not a nuclear power . 
  if you think that france or the uk would ever even consider using or threatening to use nuclear weapons in defence of wider eu interests you 've got the wrong end of the stick . 
  we 're talking about using combat drones on `` defence '' because these act as deterrent . 
  my point was that we have member-states with nuclear weapons , many others which could easily create or obtain these if the need were to arise and that within the eu there 's the manpower , the resources and the know-how to build these - that we do n't need combat drones as deterrent as nobody would even dare to outright attack us . 
   spending humongous money for that , with doubtfull results ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ynaija.com/south-african-president-spends-28-million-on-his-palace-while-receiving-30-million-in-aid-from-the-uk/ ) last uk 's donation to most modern apefreaka 's country yup , but that 's not what i said , i wrote `` help them improve their conditions back home '' , not `` give them direct foreign aid which they were free to use as they wish '' . 
  i personally think we 'd go a longer way in helping them if we were to loosen trade restrictions with them ( with some obvious exceptions , of course , like not allow the importation of goods which were made with child labour or in slavery-like conditions ) and , in cases of relief , to supply them with the goods ( like food and medicine ) rather than with money as it 's much harder for their corrupt politicians to use these for their own benefit . 
   this means worse than russia 's quality , because they still floods there . 
  yup , not that i find it a viable solution , but it 's a solution . 
   to strike down illegal immigrants in boats crossing the med [ obvious ] ( http://i.imgur.com/totta.gif ) . 
   you 're argueing with someone who agrees with you on the tenet that war is bad . 
  i 'm not arguing against you , i 'm simply trying to understand the reasoning behind these investments . 
  personally they sound like a massive waste - i find it very odd than we would in a time of economical difficulties take away money from the taxpayers to put it in the hands of the defence contractors for these combat drones which we do n't need - that 's why i 'm trying to see what would be the point in acquiring these . 
   europe needs drones ( preferably armed with hellfire missiles ) for one and the only reason - to help intercept incoming immigrants , flooding through greece/turkey border , and swimming with boats through mediteranian sea . 
  i guess we all dont want our continent to become thirld world shithole like africa , for the sake of next generations . . 
  i know you 're only trolling but even if we wanted to make sure that no foreigner would be able to reach europe , there would be easier solutions : we could either help them improve their conditions back home so that they would n't have such incentives to come here or we could reduce the life quality here to the likes which they have in their home countries ( which could be achieved with , for example , massive increase taxes which then would go to fund useless stuff like combat drones ) . 
   afghanistan and iraq are two places where european soldiers were lost in recent years . 
  call me crazy , but if we really cared about the safety of those men , we would n't have sent them to a war in a faraway dangerous place . 
   perhaps these drones could 've saved some of them . 
  who knows , i certainly do n't . 
  yeah , the thing about war is that it 's never safe , we 've been perfecting our killing methods since the immemorial and , lo and behold , people still die when they try to kill others . 
   the benefit comes from a functioning military and defence in general . 
  i 'm arguing about these combat drones , not about the whole military . 
  what 's the marginal benefit of these ? 
  was n't our military and defence perfectly functional in the past without these drones ? 
   we need these things and it pays off to stay ahead of the game through r&d . we need combat drones for what ? 
  to kill people from the skies in faraway countries or to kill them when they cross our borders ? 
  it pays off to spend millions in these military contracts ? 
   this includes new technologies that help us reduce the threat to personnel . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  were we losing lives or in danger in the past without combat drones ? 
   spending money on defence is unwise ? 
  defence against what ? 
  is this the edge that will prevent an invasion of the eu ? 
  is n't the fact that we 're the largest economy and a nuclear power enough ? 
   it 's being developed by all major nations in the world so being without might not be an option . 
  that 's hardly logical , doing something just because others are doing it too . 
  do we really need combat drones to act as deterrent against foreign invasion ? 
  what do we europeans benefit and how much did these cost ? 
   the benefit is that we are not putting any of our people in danger . 
  a not-harm is n't a benefit . 
  i 'll repeat my question , what 's the benefit for the eu to have combat drones ? 
  do we really need combat drones ? 
  what are the benefits of those ? 
  is the expense worth it ? 
  so you are a romanian . 
  i could mock romanians for not being anything like the citizens of the former spqr or roman empire , for being slavs with a latin fetish and for being smelly gypsies . . 
  i could but i wo n't because it 's romania 's day and i would n't want to fool around with you on your birthday , [ just make sure you party ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8ph4xass ) xd next time i wo n't be so forgiving , you 'll see next time you play around with the spanish thing , see if i wo n't bring the romanians not romans thingie xp, 
  are you romanian ? 
   it 's their genes , which are responsible for their low iq and asocial behavior . 
  happy romania day !, 
   they actually adopted gypsies ? 
  they made a big mistake , these scum are tainted from the moment of their conception . 
  orphanages expressly do n't recommend adopting gypsy children , because they turn out to steal and have low intelligence . 
  nothing good can come of it .
