   in addition , all attempts by governments to counteract unemployment ( which can only be caused by some external and temporary shock to the economy , such as a drought or a flood ) will be self-defeating , since the all-knowing buyers and sellers will immediately act to nullify the desired results of the government policymakers . 
  well , government does n't counteract unemployment , people counteract unemployment . 
  it 's all about the labour market and how government interferes with it . 
  besides , creating employment is easy , you could for example ban all agricultural hardware , suddenly there would be an huge demand for farmers and we 'd go back to living like we did some centuries ago where the vast majority of the people lived off the land . 
  that however , would be retarded , the goal is n't employment but rather the outcome of it . 
   their intellectual history is the prelude to an examination of the great recession triggered by the bursting of the housing bubble . 
  the authors argue that the failure of mainstream economists either to see that an economic collapse was coming or to know what to do about it was due in large part to what they call `` lost truths '' and `` inherent errors . '' plenty of people predicted it , the austrian school of economics kept on arguing against the low interest rates and it seems they were right . 
   combined with the argument that the utility of additional money falls , the more money a person has , utilitarianism gives us ample justification for many public policies . 
  adler provides numerous clear and enlightening examples of eminently good public programs that have been routinely condemned by neoclassical economists . 
  these include price controls for necessary medicines , subsidies to those with low incomes , medicare , rent controls , progressive taxation , and anti-pollution laws -- against which lawrence summers infamously wrote that it is socially desirable for rich nations to dump their toxic wastes in poor countries , since people there do not live long , and their lives are consequently worth less than ours in rich nations . 
  price controls lead to shortages . 
  same thing with rent controls . 
  subsidies to those with low incomes were never condemned by neoclassical economists ( milton friedman supported the idea of a negative income tax , friedrich hayek was for comprehensive system of social insurance , etc ) . 
  same thing medicare . 
  same thing with progressive taxation and anti-pollution laws . 
   economics for the rest of us also describes some seldom discussed consequences of growing income inequality . 
  yeah , `` inequality '' , like thatcher would say , these people would rather have the poor poorer provided the rich were less rich . 
   adler first points out one of the major features of modern capitalist economies , namely , the pervasiveness of monopoly or , to be more precise , oligopoly -- market structures in which one or a few large business firms dominate production . 
  monopoly confers pricing power on the monopolist , which leads to higher prices and smaller output than when markets are more competitive . 
  and pretty much all monopolies are a consequence of government action . 
  you tell me a monopoly that has on being a monopoly without any kind of government intervention . 
   the remarkable thing is that , from the neoclassical point of view , the economic pie gets bigger even as inequality worsens . 
  and the remarkable thing is that , from the marxist point of view , the economic pie is best when there 's no inequality and everybody is miserably poor . 
  i just wonder why it was the east germans flooding western germany and not the opposite . 
   despite adler 's powerful arguments in favor of greater equality ( his section on education , where inequality is as dire as it is ignored by education reformers , is a must-read ) , his neoclassical brethren say that inequality is a good thing . 
  nobody is for inequality , what people are is for no enforcement of equality . 
  that 's like saying `` oh , you do n't support affirmative action ? 
  then you 're a racist '' . 
   certain grim predictions flow from clark 's model : raising the minimum wage will cause an increase in unemployment ; union wages will do the same . 
  and mass unemployment ( as in the great depression ) is the consequence of the failure of wage rates to fall enough to induce employers to hire more people . 
  adler shows readers that there is not a shred of evidence for these predictions . 
  except , well , massive youth unemployment in countries with high minimum wages such as greece and spain and very low youth unemployment in countries without such measures such as germany and finland . 
   the most outrageous neoclassical proposition is that the great depression can be explained by so-called `` sticky '' wages . 
  both free market extremists , such as milton friedman , and liberal moderates , such as joseph stiglitz , blame workers for mass unemployment . 
  again , fucking bullshit , the blame was in first the federal reserve keeping interest rates too low leading to a bubble and then massively reducing the money supply leading when it burst creating massive deflation . 
  so yes , the blame with the sticky-wages but not with the workers , it was with the governmental authorities , how were people supposed to know at the time that the amount of dollars in the economy had shrunk by 1/3 ? 
  prices are sticky , it 's impossible for the market to converge like that and just like that reduce all prices and wages and everything by 1/3 . 
  anyway , the blame for all this crap was with the central authorities which caused the whole thing . 
   both modern political economy and economics for the rest of us conclude that neoclassical economics almost always shows a preference for institutional arrangements and public actions that benefit those who are wealthy and powerful . 
  `` hurr durr , the rich want to exploit the poor ''  it is , to put it bluntly , an ideology that helps keep us ignorant of the exploitative class relationships that define capitalism . 
  yeah , fucking economists who earn as much as teachers , they 're just so evil and so rich that they want to oppress with their theories which are proven right both by their models and by empirical observation of the impacts of government intervention in the economy specially in countries where this is more prevalent . 
   however , stating the obvious stupidities and shortcomings of neoclassical economics will do nothing to weaken its hold . 
  unless , that is , a significant number of students and economists ally themselves with working men and women : teaching them , writing for and with them , becoming one of them in their own workplaces . 
  yeah , you should want that for greece , rise of the proletariat and all that , it always worked out fine in the past !, 
  ok , now that i 've gone through your marxist nonsense , you go through this , tell me what 's wrong with it : [ free to choose ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3n2snngwa4 ), 
   what school of economics says that ? 
  mainstream economics says that . 
   wikipedia says that `` deflation is caused by a shift in the supply-and-demand curve for goods and services , particularly a fall in the aggregate level of demand '' well , that 's almost right , what it should say is `` a consequence of deflation is a shift in the supply-and-demand curve for goods and services , particularly a fall in the aggregate level of demand '' . 
  the cause of deflation , however , is a [ monetary phenomenon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantity_theory_of_money ) . 
   now let 's see an iq map of europe and make some correlations !, 
  what about bald people ? 
   too bad it wo n't be for long , since their dying off . 
  * they 're, 
   til ( actually a few weeks ago ) but relevant to this :   blond is to describe men   blonde is to describe women perhaps the map only sampled women , 
  what 's up with kola ? 
   the image implies 100 % coverage in most countries and we know that 's not true . 
  in my town it covers just a couple of roads . 
  but of course , it would be impossible to cover every square metre of europe . 
  the actual coverage is more detailed if you zoom in : [ iberia ] ( http://i2.minus.com/ibt3f6z8lckym.png ) [ north of portugal ] ( http://i5.minus.com/in2sd5w9n82i2.png ) [ porto ] ( http://i3.minus.com/idzydo736gzpt.png ), 
   read and be enlightened about the mutability of human behaviour . 
  tl ; dr - if you could sum it up , it would be lovely . 
   ps : as a sidenote , you were wrong to accuse me of not understanding what deflation means in that other thread . 
  i checked . 
  then you checked wrong , inflation and deflation are always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon . 
   to be fair he 's only been in the job for one year and still has four more to go . 
  we 'll see how france will fare in the meantime . 
   with the existing ~ government ~ now ruling in spain yeah , all the blame is in the government that took office less than 2 years ago . 
   it must take years to edit and process the information . 
  not really , we were in the same situation that austria and germany are in today , the pictures have been taken and the data is more than ready , they just do n't upload it because that would lead to legal problems . 
  what changed for us is that a court ruled it would be fine to upload everything if they censored all the faces and license plates and whatnot :p, 
   this culture of hoarding wealth and resources is creating serious problems to society and the planet . 
  so basically what you 're saying is that mankind has always been problematic ? 
  yup , that sounds about right . 
   it 's a crappy fake crown . 
  their first flag was cooler imo, 
   fuck royalty . 
   there is a crown , but it 's never actually worn . 
  what a waste . 
   fun fact : voter turnout was 81.4 % , lowest since independence from denmark . 
  it 's usually over 85 % . 
  i do n't think we have ever had such an high voter turnout . 
   apparently there are new minimum requirements to call yourself a country these days . 
  the republic of dave wo n't like this . 
   `` libertarian socialism '' ahaha , what a joke , `` we should all share our property but we wo n't enforce it ! '', 
   so , we agree that while greece did all these immoral things ( which germany is not responsible for ) , at the same time we do n't have any evidence that these things caused the crisis and germany might be in fact partially responsible for what really caused the crisis . 
  right ? 
  wrong , the crisis was caused by the rampant public debt and greece 's incapability to continue borrowing . 
   deflation is caused when there is not enough demand for your products nonsense , deflation is caused by the quantity of money growing at a slower rate than the gdp . 
  as for the `` not enough demand '' bit , demand is unlimited , it 's only restraint is resources to pay for it and the supply . 
   and by imposing austerity , we are bringing down demand . 
  and you 're balancing the country 's budget which is the reason the crisis came in the first place and the whole reason why austerity is necessary . 
  my prediction stands that we 'll see germany and co entering a deflationary crisis because of reduction in demand for their products . 
  yeah , good luck with that prediction specially when the ecb has an inflation target of 2 % a year , is constantly expanding the money supply and [ has a good record at it ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/inflation-cpi ) , i really doubt it . 
  anyway , considering you do n't even know that inflation ( and deflation ) is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon , i 'm guessing this will be just another time you 're wrong . 
   you know what ? 
  i 'm tired of arguing the same things again and again only to have my talking points quoted sentence by sentence out of context and made fun of . 
  let me know if you 're interested in having a serious conversation in the future . 
  and i 'm tired of you only reading what you want to read and acting out as if the blame was always somebody else 's so it kinda evens out . 
   i do n't understand what you want to say . 
  what i said was basically that you could increase public spending in the same proportion the economy grows and the debt relative to gdp remain the same .
