   the atmosphere 's civil , comments are friendly , and actual discussion happens , rather than endless flame wars over roma . 
  actual discussion ?? 
  what a joke !!, 
  regarding civility and friendship in the comments , you 'd have even more of that if you banned all insults and limited the conversation themes like the weather . 
  since this is reddit , you could even make ragecomics about how rainy it is in britain and it would be a lovely community where no actual content is discussed and everybody 's nice because the mods ban the fuck out of everybody who does n't sing to their tune . 
   go and make / r/europerebooted , if you miss the racists . 
  i 've thought about it but i do n't know anything about editing flairs and all that and tbh i do n't care enough about this to go through all that trouble . 
   the problem here is n't the mods at all . 
  is n't it ? 
  the discussions we used to have were killed by their `` moderating '' . 
   the mods certainly are n't worse now , at the very least . 
  ever since they started actively censoring people and got the new mods in here , it became like this - plenty of people banned and the mods banning people in the name of not offending people . 
   uat2d , you used to contribute a lot here , but in the last 6 months this has simply turned into the odd shitpost and attempt at trolling . 
  what the heck do you want me to contribute ? 
  just look at the frontpage , the vast majority of threads ca n't even gather 20 comments , and those that do are either maps with people comparing data or news articles were there 's hardly any discussion . 
  it 's nothing at like what it used to be , back then we could easily discuss the economy or migration policy but nowadays that 's over , you ca n't express yourself freely and the mods always seem eager to enforce their rules and simple leave a train of [ deleted ] on the comments . 
  so yeah , like pretty much everybody else , i do n't even bother any more , the mods can keep on banning whomever they want and this sub will continue in decline . 
   i 'm getting way too invested in this subreddit . 
  if you think this is good , you should have seen how awesome it was back in the day , back when the mods were n't fascists banning people for having controversial views . 
  [ i was just like you , trust me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/htprezh.png ) , but now there 's no point , you ca n't discuss anything even remotely controversial because they 'll always drop be banhammer . 
   where 's that from ? 
   no , i mean : who the f puts these 3 unrelated things together ? 
  sauce ? 
  some guy on the internet , i guess . 
  what 's so wrong with it ? 
   what the fuck is that ? 
  the iron cross ( teutonic order , prussia and imperial germany ) , the swastika ( nazi germany ) and the imperial banner ( holy roman empire ) , whose colours are the same of nowadays ' german tricolour . 
   i think sweden has the prettiest one . 
  it 's indeed a lovely flag , too bad it was tainted by the atrocities they committed . . [ now it 's just sad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmmhrpu.jpg ), 
   in the end , the paulskirchen-design from the 1848 revolution was the most neutral and most accepted . 
   [ does n't sound neutral to me ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hcpevgb.jpg ) . 
   for each restaurant that goes the extra mile there is another that will cut in everything and use expired food to save some money and they 'll lose a lot of money when consumers find out about it and will certainly be put out of business or worse once they get prosecuted and the owners are found guilty of food poisoning . 
  asae does n't come to my house to see if i 'm not using expired food to save money and accidentally give me and my family food poisoning , why does it do that to restaurants ? 
  if i happen to do that , i 'll certainly have to go to court and have to answer for those crimes , with restaurants it should be the exact same thing , everyone getting treated like a responsible adult and considered innocent till proven guilty . 
   there are regulations for a reason yeah , they 're pushed forward by the businesses already in operation to keep possible competitors out of the market . 
   left to themselves most business wo n't go the extra mile and will cut corners on everything they 'll do what 's most profitable to them and , surprisingly enough , treating your customers like idiots is n't good for them , any company with decent competition will lose a lot of business if they try to do that . 
   they already do with regulations , it will be a race to the bottom . 
  they do precisely because regulations make it difficult for new competitors to enter the market , if it was much easier to set up a business every business owner would have to be much sharper as there would be always competition to try and snatch customers at the slightest hint of malpractice . 
   looking at things only when needs arise is inviting disaster , let 's only look it the building being build are safe is it falls down and kills everyone inside ? 
  let 's only look if the nightclub is safe when it burns down and there is nowhere to evacuate because it would be to expensive to do it ? 
  the government should only act when disaster does happen , it 's not the role of the government to check if a building is safe , that 's what customers and experts should decide , government should only act through the courts when somebody does get hurt . 
  you do n't need asae to tell you to not drink stale water and not to go into an abandoned ruined building that looks it 's about to collapse , you only need government involvement through the judicial system when some other party harms you . 
   thinking that without regulation business and corporations would magically grow a conscience is fantasy , ca n't even comprehend how people can defend that . 
  businesses and corporations growing a conscience ? 
  lol !, 
  look at your argument - `` businesses and corporations do n't have a conscience , they need government , the source of conscience , to guide them in their path ! '', 
   about the taxi number limit , i 'm not in favor or against , can see both sides of the argument . 
  but do n't think there is a shortage of taxis in lisbon to be honest . 
  it 's not up for you to decide , if someone wants to start driving a taxi , why should he not be free to do just that ? 
  why should he have to pay for another taxi driver for that benefit ? 
  that person may be unemployed and you 're just making it much more difficult for them , and every consumer is also worse off as lower quantity mean higher prices charged , and all this for what purpose , exactly ? 
   actually that would help , however it will also mean the end of the tax heaven that gibraltar is , screwing the economy there . 
  you know what would be funny ? 
  if all of spain became a tax haven !, 
   i demand it be returned to the moors !, 
  the moors have lost all their cores on hispania a long time ago , kebab was successfully removed . 
   as an interesting note : gibraltar has beeen british longer than it has been spanish . 
  and brazil has been portuguese longer than it has been brazilian . 
  it 's not a justification for anything but it also gives an interesting perspective . 
   but yes , licenses should be faster , i think the former economy minister idea was a good one of letting business open without licenses and inspect them after to make sure they comply with regulations , asae being what it is would put the fear on them of being closed down . 
  i think an even better idea would be to abolish pretty much all regulations as businesses already have it in their best interest to provide the best service they can and let any actual problems be handled through the courts ( though we do would require a functioning judicial system ) . 
  plenty of businesses already go the extra mile on their own , one example that comes to mind is restaurants providing tours to their kitchens so their customers can check that the place is kept clean and the food they eat there is safe , so yeah , i do n't see any need for regulation or any special treatment against businesses . . 
  i think it 's actually insane to check up on restaurants to see if they 're not giving food poisoning to the people they serve , a restaurant owner should be treated like any other kitchen owner , you only look into things if problems arise , you ca n't treat people guilty till proven innocent . 
   on the taxis i think there should be a license , when i enter a taxi i want to and know the man behind the wheel knows what he is doing and the car is in order , not having licenses would mean anyone with any junk could start to be a taxi , that would be incredible stupid , public transportation needs a minimum of standards . 
  when i mean licence i mean that there 's a restricted number of taxis on the road , for you to become a taxi driver you need much more than just demonstrate that you can drive a taxi , you need to buy it from someone who already owns a licence , so you 'll either have to cough up a lot of cash or you can forget about driving one for yourself as nobody will sell it to you . 
  and even so , what exactly do you require from a taxi driver ? 
  is n't the fact that he can drive a car and take you safely from point a to point b enough ? 
   britain is not a country . 
  same thing with belgium . 
   short answer keynesian policy in a emerging economy we 've engaged in keynesian policy ever since 1974 , it did n't work because unsurprisingly enough , governments do n't act in behalf of the country 's interest but they rather act on their own interests . 
  you 've had constant expansionary monetary and fiscal policy till we pegged our currency to the deutsche mark and then the euro when the window for currency devaluation was closed and while that did stop our inflation , it just lead to an insane debt as governments kept on spending and spending with the excuse of keynesian fiscal expansionary policy . 
   i 'm sorry , i know the feeling , but think of it like this , you at least got highways and an airport , we borrow money to sustain a corrupt political class and it rarely ends in any benefit for us unused highways where there 's an average of 12 cars per day going both ways and deserted airports where you can go months without a single flight . . these sure are some shitty standards , it wo n't get any better if we continue to compare ourselves to those who are even worse than us . 
   we just reinaugurated a 30 km highway that was finished in 2011 , the asphalt cracked on several sectors , costs and terms piled up and last week the highway was reopened with the final cost greatly exceding the estimates and may i add this highway was done without complicated architecture viaducts or bridges because its on very flat land and it still costed 4,3 million euros a kilometer . 
  so while you think government is highly inefficient and corrupt , you want to hand over more power to them by allowing them to keep on using keynesian policy ? 
   that would not be so bad actually cause at least they would hire people and let some of the money reach the rest of the economy . 
  oh look , it 's the broken window fallacy again !, 
   i was referring to the whole `` empresa na hora '' thing . 
  i would guess restaurants are a special case , though ? 
  ( maybe due to asae restrictions ) licences for taxis , special permits for hair saloons , registrations for opening a retail shop . . 
  i could go on and on but you get the idea , we have a massive amount of regulation and restrictions on anyone trying to start his own business . 
   it is extremely easy to create a company , you can do it in a afternoon , i did it some years ago and have first hand knowledge of how easy it is . 
  just because you technically create own does n't mean you can operate it . 
  heck , we even have licenses restricting the number of taxis on the road , if that 's not arbitrarily restricting people from creating their own companies or employment then i do n't know what is . 
   here in portugal it 's absurdly easy to start a company , you can do it in a hour or so . 
  no , it most absolutely is not , i heard that to for example start a restaurant you need at least 10 different permits some of which are quite expensive , takes ages to get through the system and they 're quite restrictive in how many they allow . 
   is your leader painfully awkward , greatest ally ? 
  he 's a bit weird but tolerable , i 'd rank him lower than cameron but higher than ed . 
   i 'm not so hot about it ; part of it is massive brain drain in poland ( there are no plumbers in poland , they all left for britain ) since when is being a plumber considered a white-collar job ? 
  vinho do porto :d, 
   i 'd love to see that , if only to see how awkward miliband would be about it . 
  the man is clearly not the charismatic sort , oddly enough . 
  just be happy that ed is n't your pm . 
   ridiculous premise , but what would happen if two eu members went to war ? 
  who would side with who ? 
  it 's quite impossible with open borders and freedom of movement . 
  it would be a bit like a civil war , i guess . 
   is it `` the `` last place aversion '' paradox raring its ugly head ? 
  in that page :  how does last-place aversion play out with regard to redistribution ? 
  in our surveys , we asked americans whether they supported an increase to the minimum wage , currently $ 7.25 per hour . 
  those making $ 7.25 or below were very likely to support the increase -- after all , they would be immediate beneficiaries .
