  it would be unpopular but i fully agree with you . 
  it 's a shame that you need to go through a sea of red tape to get anything done and that it 's easier to shut down a plant than to fire 10 people working in it . 
   and to make progress with fixing the balance of payments ...   * raise consumption taxes , target for example import/sale of non-essential items such as cars with 50 % or 100 % car tax . 
   * raise energy taxes , target fossil fuel based energy as those are all imports . 
  err ... no ? 
  we 're already being taxed insanely and if we want the economy to grow , we should be doing everything to not raise them . 
  i agree that lowering them would be difficult with this debt but increasing them would just shrink the economy further , reduce consumption and drive away investors . 
   however if we go back to public-private partnerships ? 
  what is wrong with them ? 
  many other countries have build infrastructure with this model , including finland and there are no problems with this model . 
  our public-private partnerships were done through shadier means than they were made there . 
  in short , sometimes the openness of these partnerships were disputed ( for example , out of 10 companies , not the one which would be cheaper won but rather the company which the manager was friend of the politician x ) and more often than not , in cases of success , the benefits went to the privates and the losses were supported by the state - aka corruption . 
   unbeknownst to many europeans , the portuguese people and economy are falling below the threshold of survival . 
  people are dying in the streets ? 
  :o  pushed the minimum wage to 398 euros ( imagine surviving on that and with our prices ) [ list of eu countries by minimum wage ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-qa-09-029/en/ks-qa-09-029-en.pdf ) . 
  if italy , austria , germany , denmark , sweden and finland can manage without an arbitrary minimum wage imposed by the government to everyone , we can too . 
   nationwide protests are the first widely consensual effort of indignation from a once politically stable democracy . 
  yes , we were extremely stable when money was pouring in from europe . 
  now that it is n't , we are n't . 
  unfortunately you ca n't afford to buy political stability with the massive public spending we 've had in the past , that `` political stability '' was n't really stability after all , it was just spending today and leaving the problems to tomorrow , hardly a stable system . 
   large protests are expected . 
  unions and communists , but then again , these are never happy . 
  fuck them . 
   instead of addressing the major structural economical problems and unreasonable contracts , the government ( yet again ) chose to milk the taxpayers beyond all reasonable limits . 
  easier said than done but you 're right , increased taxation is doing great harm to our economy . 
   corruption and cronyism have run the country into the ground . 
  this would be fixed if we had a proper justice system . 
  again , easier said than done but it 's not the end of the world . 
   we have no other chance but to renegotiate the debt at any cost and to pursue and punish those responsible for the financial debauchery . 
  yes , that did wonders for greece . 
   there is nothing on the horizon but misery and suffering for not just the younger generations but all generations !, 
  ( ... ) to the average european who still thinks this wo n't ever afflict them , your time will eventually come . 
  you 're a `` velho do restelo '' - an irredeemable pessimist that seems to enjoy preaching the apocalypse . 
  but , by all means , continue to do so , perhaps we can all laugh at you when some eastern europeans from former ussr countries show up and you find out how worse things could be . 
  that or you could leave portugal if you think it 's that bad , i hear brazil is in need of educated population and there seems to be employment for everyone in angola - certainly there you 'd be happier . 
   `` the united states of europe '' that sounds awful , it 's like it could n't get any more lame . 
   `` federal republic of europe '' you still have monarchies , i doubt that would be entirely accurate . 
  how about `` european federation '' , leaving it `` european union '' or just call it `` europa '' ? 
  why is euthanasia still illegal ? 
  what 's up with sweden ? 
  it 's not even 1 % . 
   they are allowed to lie , thus of course they lie ? 
  one must be blind to the facts if he does n't recognize the crystal-clear [ taqiyya ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taqiyya ) that a lot of muslims engage in . 
  they 're not the same slogans , they 're exactly the same slogan on the same piece of paper . 
  did n't you notice ? 
  they 're exactly the same and they 're spreading it around , perhaps to make it look like it 's not only a handful of dudes . 
  the others ought to protest against these barbarians !, 
  people are always standing up for the muslims who did n't engage in this behaviour but they do n't even condemn these issues , they 're just silent !, 
  so far , it does n't look like bad muslims ruining things for good muslims and the rest of us but rather bad muslims ruining things for the rest of us and the other muslims not giving a fuck of what their brothers in the faith do . 
  i was hoping for something more american like [ america fuck yeah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sws-foxbjvi ) or your [ national anthem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-98jg_4p_o8 ) . 
   first steps for totalitarian regime . 
  america in their first steps for a totalitarian regime ? 
  are n't they already a full blown totalitarian regime ? 
   i 'm proud to be an american w / lyrics are you fucking kidding me ? 
   but i do believe he will make the claim that everyone non northern is like that , genetically . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not the genes that define someone 's behaviour but rather its education , its sense of right and wrong and its integration within society . 
  that asshole is as much of a degenerate on sweden as he would be on new zealand , though you ca n't just ignore the fact that he 's likely an immigrant and not suited at all to the society he now lives in - and like him , many others who were allowed to join in without any idea of where they live now . 
   `` inferior and degenerate '' everyone from the south is . 
  as someone from the south of europe , that man certainly does n't belong here . 
  and that asshole is certainly inferior and a degenerate , be it compared to the average portuguese or swede or whatever . 
   so i expect a rude racist outburst . 
  why ? 
  it 's a fact that in sweden , proportionally speaking , the % of crimes committed by non-swedes is much higher than that committed by swedes . 
  ] ( http://www.colbertnation.com/the-colbert-report-videos/410721/march-15-2012/indecision-2012---rick-santorum-visits-puerto-rico-and-speaks-from-his-heart ) \u00bf que pensas de esto ? 
  ahahahahaha , you 're spanish xdddd, 
  islam is the religion of peace * ( bomb explosion sound ) *, 
  why are you speaking american ? 
   i sure as hell so you 're not sure ? 
  he is right to some degree as with the exception of the uk and denmark , member-states are required to join the euro and follow the convergence criteria . 
   [ all member states of the european union , except denmark and the united kingdom , are required to adopt the euro and join the euro area . 
  to do this they must meet certain conditions known as ` convergence criteria ' . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/euro/adoption/who_can_join/index_en.htm ) government deficit below 3 % of gdp and government debt below 60 % of gdp are part of this criteria , so while new member-states may have government debt over these values ( though , if that happens , it 's likely that other countries will block its accession ) , for them to become full-members , they will need to adopt the euro and debt levels are grounds for blocking their adoption of the common currency . 
  you did n't even type it as ` denbts ' . 
  sorry , but you 're just a poser . 
  why do you hate freedom ? 
  supervision is n't a restriction to the free market , supervision is simply making sure the law is being followed . 
  examples of possible restrictions to the free market : government subsidies , bailouts , minimum wages , tariffs , excise taxes , arbitrary regulations , etc. 
  i 'd just like to mention that these examples are not always harmful , it 's just that most of the times the governments use them too liberally and without regards to the actual needs of the market . 
  one concrete european example is the cap which used taxpayer money to massively subsidise agriculture , leading to huge excesses in production that then went to waste - this being merely one example of an attempt by a government institution to lead the market instead of allowing the free market to satisfy its own needs of demand and supply . 
  what i am arguing for is to shift away from this tendency and to make the eu agencies more efficient in regulating the market while not attempting to run it . 
  portugal . 
  it 's part of the [ copenhagen criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria ) , it requires new member-states to have a proper working market economy . 
   i 'm filling in for the time being . 
  you suck at it . 
    the euro broadly maintained its value , and successfully shielded eurozone countries from the worst effects of the economic crisis   pure lies . 
  [ how you actually felt about 2 minutes in when that spiral came on ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tin_foil_hat ), 
   we need sound public finances across europe and solidarity mechanisms for crisis situations - a fiscal union . 
  nope , we need only sound finances across europe - a fiscal union . 
   we need stronger supervision of the financial markets - a banking union . 
  agreed . 
   we need a deeper economic union with targeted investment to boost growth and competitiveness . 
  nope , we need a deeper economic union with less restrictions to the free market to boost growth and competitiveness . 
  go be fat some place else . 
   think usa , each state still has its social and cultural differences please do n't compare the differences between ohio and idaho with the differences between spain and sweden . 
  europe might be closer together geographically but it 's certainly more separate socially and culturally , not to mention the obvious language barrier that might arise . 
  also , `` american culture '' xd, 
  that twitter account is silly , on the internet you can hatred for everything . 
  as for the video , i 've seen some parts about you being overly taxed , and that i agree it 's a problem ( though i personally would n't fight for independence over it - i 'd just do my best to lower them ) and then some petty rivalries based around football , a bit like what we see here in portugal with porto and benfica , nothing i 'd take too seriously in political terms , it 's only football . 
   there are only 3 historic nations nou contained in spain : basque country , catalonia & galicia . 
  how about andalusia ?
