   mostly i believe all this talk about the problems of each specific country ( corruption in greece etc ) is just populism as a way to take attention away from where the problem really lies ( the eurozone construction fauls and the global financial system ) . 
  why is the euro a failure ? 
  because the currency is n't depreciating to pay for the debts ? 
  and what about the financial system ? 
  is it also germany 's fault and greece is just a victim of it ? 
   my position is that the problems all stem from the same source and that explains why they are so similar in their timing and manifestation . 
  and what source is that ? 
  the greek state 's mismanagement of its resources and consequent debt ? 
   also , how the hell is it possible for corruption in greece to bring it to its feet economically when at the same time a lot of countries that equally or more corrupt are doing perfectly fine ? 
  because those other corrupt countries did n't run the kind of massive deficits greece did . 
   of all the beautiful places we have , you chose that . 
   i think that many of the euro fanatics will blame the failure of the tax on the fact that not every single country in the eu implemented it and if all the euro countries implemented it , the blame would be shifted on the rest of the world which did n't implement such a short-sighted measure . 
  and we 'd go back to chasing ghosts and saying we must deal with all tax havens in the world . 
   someone must have hacked the flairs . 
  lol nope , i choose that flair xd, 
   antonio salazar is rolling in his grave right now i bet . 
   another libertarian i presume ? 
  nah man , i 'm an anarcho-communist . 
   human race is highly competitive and territorial . 
  there will always be war . 
  not with free trade , it wo n't !, 
   please update once this war has taken place . 
  [ vicky 2 can get some weird wars going on ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u2j6tlu.png ) :p, 
   jeez , if they had played victoria ii they would know never to cut back on administration spending . 
  because we do n't negotiate with terrorists . 
  next week , [ this ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/dlz7g ) !, 
   germany dictates we must suffer yeah , the germans are evil like that . 
  lol, 
   edit : relevant video eish que estrondeira \u00f3 belhote !, 
  i just puked a little in my mouth . 
   i 'm already a master student in a social science field , did n't take high-school math you 're doing it wrong . 
   slavery is bad , for example , which is what many job offers in our country are starting to be ( without the physical punishment associated with slavery , though ) . 
  it 's not slavery if you can refuse it . 
   still , for that to happen , everyone would have to take up shitty , quasi-slavery jobs . 
  or not , as those jobs would be pushed away as more and more people became employed and improved their living standards . 
  our labour laws are far more restrictive than those in the uk or the usa and yet we are the ones with the lowest paying jobs . 
   do n't really feel like paying for the mistakes of previous generations . 
  me neither , that 's why i 'm seriously considering migrating . 
  still , those who remain here and continue to go down this path of restricting the labour market , it will be no surprise that unemployment will continue to rise . . sure , there are plenty other factors that come into the picture , but this one is a very serious one . 
   i would wager that most the population do n't want to be abused  i also wager that , but between letting people choose for themselves what they want or the government saying `` no , you ca n't accept that '' , i 'd rather be free to choose and take responsibility for my actions . 
   if you open exceptions that will create ( more ) loop-holes in the legislation which in turn will allow more abuse by the employers . 
  i 'd slash labour legislation and not only . 
  one should be free to work for whomever he wants however he wants and also should be free to start his own business whatever it might be . 
  and this right now is really difficult because of all the bureaucracy and regulation and permits one must acquire to actually run a business . 
   now , our country does have rather restrictive law regarding labour . 
  this is both good and bad . 
  obviously it 's good for the employee and bad for the employer . 
  nonsense , above everything , it 's bad for the employee and ( even worse ) for the unemployed . 
  it 's indifferent for an employers to pay higher than the minimum wage for a skilled worker , the one who 's worse off is the unskilled one that 's out of a job . 
  it 's indifferent for an employer to pay for the worker 's vacations out of the worker 's wage , the worker is the one that 's paying for it even if he does n't want the vacation time . 
  it 's indifferent for an employer to pay for the sickness leave of its workers , they are the ones who are paying for it with their own wages and also the unemployed which could be employed but are n't because the employer is using that money to pay for special benefits when he could be hiring more people . 
   as with everything in life , a balance must always be achieved . 
  what must be achieved is not restricting people 's freedoms , if they want to do whatever they want , let them , they 're not stupid and they do n't need to be taken care off . 
  the balance that must be achieved is the best life quality possible and that 's achieved with the highest wages and the lowest unemployment , and for that , restricting the labour market is acting against your own interests . 
   but even if the scales are not balanced , the labour laws are n't the biggest impediment to job creation in portugal - all the extra taxes and bureaucracy are ( well , that and lack of funding and innovative ideas ) . 
  yup , that 's why you need to tackle all the issues and not only this one . 
   no , i do n't believe being ( more ) raped in the ass will solve our crisis or help unemployment or help anyone but greedy bosses ( and you know very well that portugal is full of wise-guys that try to take advantage of the system as best as they can ) . 
  knock it off with the word greedy , everybody 's greedy , nobody 's selfless like that . 
  anyway , if you want employers to treat their employees fine , you must make them compete against one another , and that 's just not going to happen with such a large pool of unemployed people . 
  remove restrictions in both labour laws and in creating a business and let everyone freely work for whomever he wants or let them be the ones starting their own job - that 's the one way you 'll fix our labour market , reduce unemployment and improve both the wages of the workers and the productivity of the companies - it certainly wo n't happen with all these laws and regulations that are pulling us down . 
   regulation is necessary in employment or the employers would take total advantage of you . 
  no , it 's not . 
  regulation is trading away `` bad '' jobs for unemployment . 
  and the best tool for good wages and good labour standards is low unemployment so that it 's harder for employers to find good workers at a low wage and so that it 's easier for employees to find good work at a high wage . 
   what would it matter if you had a job but you were only paid enough to survive ? 
  that would be degrading and would n't boost the economy at all . 
  what would it matter if the government restricted your choice and chose for you that that job was n't sufficient and you could n't accept it regardless of your own opinion ? 
  your unemployment would be even more degrading and would pull the economy down . 
   so , by rising the retirement age and taking the possibility of employing younger people we 're not harming youth employment ? 
  that 's an austerity measure . 
  no , they 're not austerity measures , austerity means cutting public spending . 
  those are structural reforms and i do n't know about those . 
   wan na know more austerity measures ? 
  what of rising tuition costs ? 
  lower pay rates . 
  mass layoffs ( which affect the youngest state employees who stand to receive a smaller severance pay ) . 
  what of lower or no social benefits ? 
  ( ... ) cuts in state child support or any kind of aid to struggling young families ? 
  yep , all of those are consequences of austerity . 
  a direct consequence of s\u00f3crates ' expansionary fiscal policies and public works . 
   what of higher irs taxes ( ... ) what of rising social security contributions ? 
  not austerity . 
   did you know that if you get paid 240 euros a month ( precarious `` green '' slips ) you have to pay 124,90 euros compulsively to social security ? 
  that leaves a young adult with 120 euros to live with . 
  i did n't know about that though , if you care about what i think , i 'll let you know that i 'm opposed to compulsory social security . 
   this austerity is being pushed onto the younger generations and the middle class unfortunately , that 's obvious ? 
  whom else was going to pay for it ? 
  the wealthy which have already left the country those that never even deposited their money here ? 
   instead of those considerably wealthier and more responsible in the current economic woes ... 
  the responsible are n't the rich , the responsible are the awful policies which we pursued , the constant attempts at restricting the free market and instead trying to run a mixed economy with prevalent government interventionism . 
  therefore , all of us are responsible , we were the ones who voted and keep on voting for out mps . 
   you do n't see that . 
  maybe because you see yourself as a temporarily embarrassed millionaire . 
  no , i do n't . 
  i see myself as someone without a future here once i finish university , i see myself as someone being forced away because there are no opportunities for me in portugal , i see myself kicked out of home because my parents ' and grandparents ' generations failed to manage this country properly . 
  i see yet another failure of socialism and i see people still not giving up on this retarded religion despite its constant failures and i see people still not bothering to learn how a free market actually works even with plenty of real life examples of how it succeeded . 
  to keep it simple , i see my country in the shit and it 's sad because i actually love it here . 
  and please do n't say that `` temporarily embarrassed millionaire '' as if you were trying to explain why socialism never became popular in the usa . 
   yes , but surely having that many young people on welfare instead of paying tax is counter productive ? 
  what 's counter productive is restricting employment with needless bureaucracy , regulations , licences , permits and taxes .
