  it 's best than the visible hand of the government that takes from those who work and gives to those who lobby . 
   trickle down !, 
  again , nonsense , wealth does n't trickle down like that , no , a free market allows those who are most productive to thrive . 
  my cellphone is still a motorola and they used to be a multinational yet they failed to adapt and now they 're gone to be replaced with others who were more successful . 
  motorola could still be alive at the expense of the taxpayers back in their country yet their wealth trickled down and now others who were at the time down now have it . 
   every house will only get more valuable !, 
  are you talking about the housing bubble ? 
  well , they should n't have kept the interest rates so low for so long , people were n't properly accessing the risk of those investments and now they 're paying for it . 
  not the fault of the free market that their federal reserve kept their interest rates extremely low for so long . 
   buy buy buy !, 
  until we ca n't breathe anymore . 
  what ? 
   the result is sure a lot less anarchistic ( rich people need someone to protect them from the many ) , but just as dire . 
  bah , you 're arguing against the corporativist system in the usa . 
  that 's retarded , they are n't the free market they used to be . 
  look at switzerland , they 're fine and they do n't have a strong government that interest groups can take advantage of . 
   neoliberal nuts are the first to say `` smaller government '' yet they adore police force , a giant military , putting gay people into jails , women into kitchens , and all that christian fundamentalism . 
  i consider myself a neoliberal yet i do n't adore the police force , i see no need for a military ( maybe an eu one , but not a portuguese one ) , i have no problems with gays and i even think they should be able to adopt as a couple , as for women they should have the same rights as everybody else and as for christians , i was raised to be one but unfortunately for my parents i ended up being an atheist . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong , let 's check [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoliberal ) :  neoliberalism refers to economic liberalizations , free trade and open markets , privatization , deregulation , and increasing the role of the private sector in modern society . 
  yup , i 'm for this . 
  odd , for a second there i thought you were confusing people like me with an american redneck or something . 
   i admire europe 's social democracy , vs the usa 's economic system . 
  no , you admire taxing and spending . 
  oh , and the usa is hardly a model for the free market , they hardly could be more corporativists , the only difference between the eu social democracy and the usa corporativist system is that there the business lobby is dominant while here it 's the labour movement . 
  both rely on special privileges granted by the government at the expense of whole society , in both cases society would benefit if the state did n't act so actively in the economy . 
   also , the government can only spend what it taxes ? 
  nope . 
  for you to spend on benefits you have to either tax now or get into debt and tax later . 
  there 's no free lunch . 
   you do know how money is created right ? 
  it depends on what 's money . 
  you could be talking about actual value or you could be talking about paper notes which can or can not be worth the paper they 're printed on . 
   and the role of a central bank and interest rates ? 
  what are you suggesting , for the ecb to expand the money supply and keep the interest rates below market price ? 
  yeah , that did wonders for malinvestments in the usa , we should do just that here as well , having a bubble burst in some 10 years time . 
   when was the last time a business got worried about its debt , so it watered down the pound ? 
  when was the last time a government got worried about its debt and watered down its currency ? 
  all the fucking time it still happens in some parts of the world . 
  who benefits from this ? 
  certainly not the people of those countries who see their wealth watered down because the government could n't keep its expenses controlled and so taxed everyone indirectly through inflation . 
   currency in the uk only has any meaning because it 's backed by the government . 
  you 're right , but i fail to see your point . 
   also , when there are millions of people starving on the streets , you can expect a rise in crime . 
  also , when there is a free-market system , people do n't starve . 
  just please do n't say `` somalia hurr durr '' as if the free market could operate there freely with all the terrorist groups and whatnot . 
   look at argentina or brazil . 
  any guy off the street could tell you that . 
  look at [ chile ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chile ) . 
  `` it leads latin american nations in human development , competitiveness , income per capita , globalization , state of peace , economic freedom , and low perception of corruption . 
  it also ranks high regionally in sustainability of the state , and democratic development . '', 
  so much for your thinking of `` we should tax to give back at the people and expect and improvement of life quality '' , no ? 
   this goes back to what i was saying about tories not actually thinking their policies through . 
  i do n't know about the tories as much as you do but i certainly see nothing with allowing cameron to rethink some eu regulation . 
  as for your initial post regarding unemployment and housing benefits , sure , they 're well intended but they are aggravating the problem instead of solving it . 
   the neoliberal reasoning is that stupid . 
  i 'm yet to see someone saying we should turn to anarchy and abolish the police and that kind of shit who claimed himself to be a neoliberal . 
   i mean , their agenda is basically to make rich people even richer . 
  lol ? 
  allowing the free market to work =  those who are most productive get richer . 
  it 's certainly better than being nice with other people 's money , better than people who work get taxed and those who lobby the government get richer . 
   these people have been fooled into believing that if this ` socialism ' ends , the invisible hand of the market will feed everyone . 
  people like you should have been born in the ussr where the visible hand of the government fed everyone . 
   china is a pretty forward country when it comes to capitalism gone mad capitalism = / = corporativism . 
   smaller government ? 
  how about somalia , that 's a great example . 
  so you 're confusing lack of government intervention in the economy with lack of government ? 
  are you really that stupid ? 
   the taxes that fund them are relatively quite small and have quite a beneficial economic effect . 
  the government can only spend what it taxes so the net benefit is null . 
  considering that you have to pay for all the bureaucrats and the impacts taxation have on the economy and the welfare have on those receiving it , there 's increased unemployment from the taxation and there 's increased unemployment as those who work lose the benefits , so it 's actually a net loss from all government intervention . 
   if you cut them , there would be even more job losses as there would be less people to spend and damaging effects like higher crime rate and more prisons . 
  again , you outright ignore the costs of those , `` job losses as there would be less people to spend '' , how ridiculous is that ? 
  if anything , the reduced taxation would allow the economy to grow and there would actually be a reduction in unemployment - like it has always happened ever . 
  but no , people like you think taxing and spending is good , i wonder why you still do n't tax at 100 % and give back at a 100 % or 110 % , if there 's a net benefit , why are n't we doing it ? 
   damaging effects like higher crime rate and more prisons . 
  just like in switzerland . 
  damn , how stupid is that hypothesis ? 
  the moment you cut taxes , employment goes up and crime goes down . 
   delhi ... central planning ... lol !, 
    india is like an advert for anarcho capitalism . 
  for decades , they were extremely affected by state capitalism , and the results are still visible today . 
  actually , not only in india , in everywhere . 
  [ here 's a map of europe by purchasing power ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzfcqka.jpg ) , curiously enough , the longer a place has been under the ideals you so admire , the poorer they are . 
   i think somalia must be the only other place in the world where the government is less involved in people 's lives . 
  and now you 're confusing lack of government intervention in the economy with lack of government . 
   wat [ the shit they did takes time to clean up ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_india#pre-liberalisation_period_.281947.e2.80.931991.29 ) . 
   well yes , but he could have specifically mentioned financial markets , the common agricultural policy or common foreign policy goals . 
  he could but he did n't because the debate is just starting up and he wants to keep everything on the table . 
  as for cap or cfp ( foreign ? 
  do n't you mean fisheries ? 
  ) , i 'm sure these will have to be re-discussed . 
   environmental legislation mentioned at this point is indeed worrying . 
  the uk already has environmental standards of their own , it 's not like they 'd be interested in also ending those . 
  damn , he still has n't said anything and people are already jumping on the hate bandwagon , take it easy , the second he says something stupid , you point it out , while it 's still `` the eu could improve '' rhetoric please do listen to what he has to say . 
   that seems very tragic . 
  you know what 's fucking tragic ? 
  the fucking labour unions that do n't allow for the regulation to be cut - businesses are being shut down for not being competitive and the youth unemployment is massive yet it 's nearly impossible to fire someone who has the luck of having being employed before things started going wrong . 
  the damned businesses themselves that try to block cutting the red tape and bureaucracy required to start up a job as they 're all rely a little too much on the state to protect them against competition . 
  the dysfunctional government that has been raising taxes and making the whole economy even more uncompetitive to pay for the debt instead of cutting their still massive spending . 
  the justice system that takes years to get anything done and has done nothing about all the recent corruption scandals and public mismanagement of funds .
