  that would be like deciding to go to a restaurant , not pay for the food , refuse to wash the dishes and continue to expect to be able to eat there in the future . 
  while we 're still dependent on the outside ( which we 'll always be , we live in a globalized world ) , a default is n't an option . 
   sure we 'll get no credit but that would serve to discipline us and make us live within our means geez , i also want us to live within our means , but no need to be sadistic about it , discipline would come much more easier if the responsibility laid more with the people and not with the representatives the people think do n't represent them . 
  a default would in essence make life much much harder for us all , would disconnect us from europe and would not teach anyone a lesson `` so that 's why you should n't spend too much '' ( just like you do n't need to see your house burn down to learn to not play around with fire ) . 
   so you 're a portuguese who does agree that all portuguese people are arabs , yet you 're racist towards arabs . 
  that 's interesting , to say the least . 
  i 'm not racist against myself , i just think that all portuguese should be deported back to where they came from . 
  it 's actually ridiculous that we 're being invaded by them , someone ought to deport me back to hospital de santo ant\u00f3nio . 
   i did say ignorantly . 
  such as those who this video aims for . 
  those who imply that the average portuguese had it coming by their too expensive lifestyle . 
  if you replace `` average portuguese '' with `` portugal '' , yes , portugal did spend more than it could afford - since 2003 we 've had a public debt to gdp ration over 60 % and since 2008 over 100 % - this is n't ignorant , it 's what actually happened . 
  now , yeah , we 're getting fucked but austerity is n't to blame , the debt and the excessive spending the public sector did in the first place , that 's the real culprit . 
  how austerity should be applied , that 's up for debate , that we needed and still need to reduce public spending , that is ( or should be ) obvious . 
   [ algarve , alguidar , algod\u00e3o , \u00e1lcool , alface , algoritmo , almofada , alecrim ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_portuguese_words_of_arabic_origin ) go back to arabia . 
   i do n't see how direct democracy would fix our spending problems it would fix the `` it 's all the politicians ' fault '' and the `` why should i care about politics anyway ? '', 
  problems which are very damaging to our democracy and a main cause as for why our representatives allow the country to sink this bad in the first place . 
   most people will not vote for balancing our budget and reducing social spending you do n't know this . 
   you only need to see how much hate is being directed to the government right now because of what their doing . 
  yup , because it 's only news if people disagree and protest , people who agree and have no problems do n't go out of their way to demonstrate their support . 
  if the responsibility laid more with the people , you 'd have less scapegoating others for everyone 's problems and less protests and strikes because if elections were more frequent , those who went against what had just been decided by all would have much less support . 
  it 's outright stupid to live in a democracy and many people now in their 19 years to have been emancipated for more than an year and still did n't have had the chance to vote . 
  they can be working and paying taxes for the fuck ups of the past but they never had any say in how we should run the country . 
   i think the fact that we 're in the position we 're in is already that . 
  a default would discipline this country and would allow us to start anew . 
  there 's no ` new game ' in real life . 
  a default would n't discipline anyone , it would only make it much harder for all of us without any real benefit as we 'd still need the support of the rest of the eu . 
   someone who hates us and call us a nazi all the time ( and yes i am saying that every portuguese does that , like the videomaker made it look like every german thinks that the portuguese are lazy ) ? 
  while i fully agree with the rest of your post , this is incredibly stupid - if you make those outright false generalisations , congrats , you 're going retard mode like the video and those putting the blame of our problems on others . 
   we 're a bunch of suckers oh caralho . . most people were against these , do n't say we 're all suckers . 
   if we had a really good leadership or if we had a more transparent and direct democracy , where the responsibility lies closer to the people and the representatives have a much harder time in hiding the reality of the public revenues and spending . 
  perhaps this would be a better alternative than continuing waiting for d. sebasti\u00e3o [ ( link for those who do n't get this ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebastianism ) . 
   a default now would n't be that bad anyways , is n't our deficit nearly zero without counting with debt payments ? 
  it would be the ultimate certificate of incompetence - considering we still are dependent on foreign funds to keep going , no , a massive increase in the interest rates is n't a solution . 
  besides , we need to promote economic growth and if we default , it will be much much more difficult to attract investment . 
   yes , somehow the submarine investment is their fault ... 
  it 's like we 're a morbidly obese guy blaming mcdonalds for making tasty burgers . 
  great analogy . 
  another one and closer to reality is the labour unions and the communists blaming merkel for the debt the socialist government accumulated . 
   i do n't think it would work very well with those populations in germany that ignorantly support the austerity if they support austerity and do n't support more spending , you should be thankful to them , had you done the same spending we did , you 'd be in the same position we are . 
   as for not being able to pay , unfortunately i do believe that we 'll likely have to default on our debts fuck this shit , i 'd rather terminate the non-administrative sector of the state and continue with the budget cuts , it 's much better than the alternative of having portugal collapse upon its debt . 
  also , it was quite moronic the part where they go `` germany sold us this '' or `` germany profited from that '' when we 're talking about business or trade - we always had and still have the chance of not doing business or trading with them if we think it 's a bad deal . 
  germany did nothing wrong in selling us subs , we were the ones who should n't have bought them in the first place . 
   this is not a guilt tripping at all it is n't ? 
   [ guilt tripping ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_manipulation ) : a special kind of intimidation tactic . 
  a manipulator suggests to the conscientious victim that he or she does not care enough , is too selfish or has it easy . 
  this usually results in the victim feeling bad , keeping them in a self-doubting , anxious and submissive position . 
  it fits the video perfectly . 
  whatever valid points it might raise are made useless by how it tries to spread the message . 
   woo portugal , boo germany !, 
  boo booing countries and not people . 
  germany pay your debts . 
  the micro-states ( andorra , monaco , luxembourg , liechtenstein , san marino , vatican and malta ) should n't exist . 
  turnusb is portuguese , txampion wins . 
  i often find it very odd that some people worry much more about the effects these terrorist acts have on society 's perception of muslims than they do on the effects these terrorist acts have on the victims and their families and friends . 
  i hope it tastes better than it looks . 
  i do n't get it . . is this conflict happening in great britain or in punjab ? 
   anyone with a different political view than you must be an idiot . 
  if that ` political view ' consists of scapegoating the eu for all the problems we 're facing and going on the eu parliament accusing other meps of being fascists or soviets , yeah , what a moronic ` political view ' . 
   they are blaming her for stuff she never said or is responsible for . 
  if you were expecting rational arguments and reason from these syndicalists , you 've got another thing coming . 
  ignore them , they 're the loud minority . 
   hahah i 'm just being an ass , do n't take it personally i suddenly like you more . 
  you 're still an idiot for supporting farage , though . 
   why do n't you berate the person for affecting the life of their family ? 
  that 's somethign much worse . 
  because it 's not my problem , it 's not my responsibility , i 'm just a stranger that does n't deserve to be negatively affected if someone else i 've never met in my life decides to kill himself . 
   do n't be ridiculous . 
  you took him seriously , the great and powerful txampion wins . 
   you can not assume that someone who jumps in front of a train is acting deliberately or `` fucking retarded '' . 
  yes , i can . 
  if you 're depressed , take pills or , if you really have to , kill yourself alone . 
  do n't ruin the day for everybody else as that 's retarded . 
  yeah , i guess you 're right , it ca n't be coded in the genes , it must be part of the upbringing , i dunno . . oh , and you do n't have to answer , but i 'd like to know if you 're a student of any social science :p, 
  it 's awful news , but not as awful as the guy who threw himself onto the tracks this past monday and got a lot of trains cancelled and everyone else a wasted morning as the trains that had already left the station were all stuck as they could n't move before a doctor arrived and declared the death of the guy so that the body could be removed and service could resume . 
  it 's fucking retarded , if you do commit suicide at least do n't bother random strangers with your death . 
   ask him to define what is `` natural '' and then what `` social bias '' is . 
  after that , have a talk about sexuality in the ancient world and how the abrahamic religions shaped society . 
  then you should talk about the kinsey report and about viewing sexuality as a spectrum instead of something of fixed boundaries . 
    while you 're at it , explain to him the differences between lamarckism and darwinism . 
  yeah , the ancient world is also a good example of how it 's natural . 
  as for the abrahamic religions , he might be religious and so if the issue comes up again , i wo n't mention it because i do n't want to nag him too much because this is hardly relevant and we spend a lot of time together . 
  as for the kinsey report , i do n't know what that is , google tells me it 's a book about human sexuality experiments but i never read it nor do i intend to , so i ca n't really speak about what i do n't know . 
  with regards to lamarckism and darwinism , i know the basics and the idea behind darwinism and i just googled lamarckism and , yeah , i 've thought about that as well , it makes sense , kids whose parents got into sports tend to also be better at sports while kids whose parents are accountants tend to be better at maths , and it 's not only related to the upbringing as the education is the same . 
  but then again , i do n't know how to fit homosexuality in here nor how i 'd use that in an argument . 
  as i 've said in the previous post , this is n't a strong issue for me as i do n't think i 've ever seen straight up homophobia in my life and the colleague i mentioned said he also did n't have any problem with accepting it , he just said he thought it was unnatural and gross whereas i told him i did n't have problems with it and that it 's normal , that homosexuality also happens in animals and that half of the world population likes dick , if someone of those happen to be a man , what 's wrong it it ? 
  khthon , you do seem very knowledgeable in this issue . 
  are you by any chance a student of sociology or some area related ? 
   language , my friend . 
   my experience of most human beings is that they are at their happiest and best when a part of a collective aiming for the same goal one misconception that seems to be prevalent is that a capitalistic society is an individualist society . 
  it is n't , we 're all humans , we all work not only for our own good but also for the good of our relatives and close friends ( the greater good ) . 
  government intervention does n't change this . 
  in a more capitalistic society there are people who work all their lives to provide for their children even though they know their children will have a brighter and better future than their own . 
  if you thought that people only cared for themselves and or that they cared equally about them and their children , this would be an irrational behaviour as they 're giving money away and/or investing more money to their children than the money they 're spending on themselves even though money is more valuable now than it is in the future . 
  in a more socialist society , while income might be redistributed by the government and to all members of society , while we 're all still humans and still work a lot to those who are closer to us , we end up not being able to provide as much ( in absolute terms ) as the government takes away part our income to redistribute it as it sees fit . 
  and , quite frankly , it 's the close relatives that matter the most . . 
  i for one never heard anyone said they gladly paid a lot in taxes because those taxes helped people they never even met - and for those who do enjoy to spend a lot of money on absolute random strangers , there 's always charity . 
  thanks , even today i was discussing with a colleague homosexuality and while we both had no problems with it , he said it was unnatural and weird and nasty and he did n't believe me when i said it was n't because it 's also observed in animals . 
  regardless , i told him his argument for it being unnatural and therefore being weird and nasty was stupid because i wear glasses which is unnatural and those do n't make me extra weird or nasty . 
   penguins are notoriously gay how do you even know that ?
