    edit : fuck i did n't spot that green pixel . 
  only luxembourg is a barren industrial wasteland with absolutely no trees :p, 
   average salary thanks , 
  what about the prosecna plata one ( the one under the eur exchange rate ) ? 
   well , it was n't erased by the mods , i can tell you that . 
  then it must have been u/fateswarm , he 's the only one i know that keeps on creating ( rant ) threads and deleting them . 
   i 'm not so keen on all the extra subscribers , because it means we 're careering faster towards oblivion . 
  the front-page beckons . 
  if this subreddit goes to shit , we can just create another one . 
  you know , like what happened with r/gaming and all its spin-offs . 
   like i figured , no answer to the mother fucking question , just down votes , fucking cunts take a chill pill baby , you 're acting like a dick and no wonder reddit is downvoting you . 
  yep , i find it very creepy . 
  they 're cheering as if his capture could restore happiness to those harmed in the attacks and their families and friends . 
   spain did n't have `` non-stop government spending '' . 
  i did n't say it did , i 'm saying it 's what those that are against austerity argue it should do . 
   what policies ? 
  ed miliband has n't put forward any policy since he was appointed head of the party years ago . 
  that as well , i would n't vote for a party that tries to conceal its agenda and that just plays the `` i 'm against it '' game . 
   no reasonable person that thinks austerity is a bad idea thinks that ,   `` what states who care about its people should do is ignore their obligations and just spend money on the people without taking anything away from the people and without paying their creditors . '', 
  then what you do you support when some say the following ?? 
   `` i have social motivations , '' he says . 
  `` i care deeply about how policy affects people . '', 
  to spend public money you either have to tax people now or borrow now and tax people later . 
  pretending you can spend more while taxing less is fooling yourself . 
  and to say `` oh , i care about the people '' , how retarded is that ? 
  what , we do n't ? 
  we just care about the long run , we 're tired of kicking the can down the road , we must tackle the main issue now or else it will become much more difficult . 
  the main examples of constant expansionary fiscal policies in europe are precisely those who are now in the worst situations . 
  if you really care about the people you would n't be so short-sighted and be promoting policies which may do us good in the next year or so but great harm in the following decade or so while the debts are being paid and the economy strangled to pay for what we owe while our finance is restricted precisely because of the debt we 've accumulated . 
   the libdems are rife with social democrats - they merged the old liberal party ( which had gone in that direction anyway ) with the social democrat party , and while there are still some liberals in it , it 's not an especially liberal party . 
  yeah , and nick clegg himself does say some things about `` muh fairness '' and `` hurr durr greedy bankers '' as if imposing equality was good or as if most people are selfless and not greedy at all except bankers and other investors . 
  regardless , they 're have good policies such as drug policy liberalisation and they 're not as eurosceptic as the tories ( though even i 'm become more and more eurosceptic - i 'm not against the eu but i really do n't like where it is going and how it is performing ) . 
   the tories do have some liberals in there , but far too often some dinosaur rears their head and shrieks reactionary crap . 
  yup , i also really dislike some reactionaries and some of the backbenchers . 
  i 'd still chose them over labour and their communist backbenchers though . 
   ukip have even more reactionary dinousaurs than the tories , but they 've also got some liberal policies that directly oppose the social democrat status quo and it 's between the lib-dems and ukip that i choose . 
  bah , ukip is too determined in leaving the eu and not in reforming it to make it good . 
  besides , they 're also quite xenophobic and distrustful of europeans in general , they were ranting about bulgarians and romanians and how they 'd abuse the british welfare state whereas it seemed to me the root problem was indeed the welfare state and not the free movement of europeans . 
   excessive straw man stuff like this does the austerity arguments no good whatsoever . 
  still a stronger argument than the ones presented against austerity . 
   if you were british , who would you vote for ? 
  i 'd probably vote for the lid dems or the tories , it depends on whom was running for mp in my constituency . 
  i certainly would n't vote for labour though . 
  i 've argued time and time again here against the kind of policies they 're constantly trying to pursue , to put it shortly , i 'm all for a market economy and laissez-faire . 
   the czechs are due to change over to a more left leaning government it seems and it seems they will sign up to a tax . 
  :( hopefully it wo n't happen to them , my sympathy if it does , i really like the czech republic . 
  it 's not like it will be the end of the world :p it will just be some moronic tax driving away investors , sure , it 's bad , but let 's not overplay it . 
   you do n't like labour ? 
  it 's not that i hate them , it 's that if i were british , i 'd never vote for them . 
   it 's pretty much a list of which countries i agree and disagree with politically , although i 'm surprised and disappointed by austria being on the wrong side . 
  do n't take it too seriously , it depends a lot on whom is leading the country . 
  i for one oppose the ftt though unfortunately it seems it will be implemented here . 
  hopefully it does n't turn out to be that bad or it turns out to be a mistake we 'll learn from . 
   the eu tax is monumentally stupid and we do n't want to be hurt by it . 
  [ you 're not the only ones ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euftt#opposing_countries ) . 
  all that red is absolutely disgusting . 
   never expected krugman to function as a sort of mentor in this , though . 
  we 're talking about krugman here , for him , all publicity is good publicity . 
   what herndon had discovered was that by making a sloppy computing error , reinhart and rogoff had forgotten to include a critical piece of data about countries with high debt-to-gdp ratios that would have affected their overall calculations . 
  they had also excluded data from canada , new zealand , and australia -- all countries that experienced solid growth during periods of high debt and would thus undercut their thesis that high debt forestalls growth . 
  some countries grew while taking up debt , holy jesus fuck , we must stop austerity right away !, 
  let portugal and spain and greece flourish under non-stop government spending !, 
   still , herndon holds out hope . 
  he calls austerity policies in the united kingdom and elsewhere `` counterproductive , '' and implies that part of why he took up the study of reinhart and rogoff 's study was to question the benefits of current economic policy . 
  `` i have social motivations , '' he says . 
  `` i care deeply about how policy affects people . '', 
  yes , it 's counterproductive to have a balanced budget . 
  what states who care about its people should do is ignore their obligations and just spend money on the people without taking anything away from the people and without paying their creditors . 
  what a moron . 
   i do n't know , maybe because washington state is the home of microsoft , boeing , nintendo america , amazon , and starbucks , with a population and gross domestic product larger than several western nations ? 
  or that it 's one of the biggest wine and beer regions in the world ? 
  or its music heritage ( grunge , funk , etc. ) ? 
  i did n't know any of that , i just know that washington state is the one in the corner next to british columbia . 
   or the fact that its on the opposite coast of the capital and that the capital , washington , d.c. , is in the district of columbia -- land ceded by the state of maryland -- and not in a state , so clearly it could n't be in washington state . 
  i just know it is n't a state and it 's next to the coast , south of ny . 
   they feel that the neoliberal values ( `` free market at all costs '' ) are enshrined in the basic documents of the eu . 
  this was the reason why the left-wingers in france and other countries opposed the european constitution a few years ago . 
  then they should be free to leave . 
  if we want to sustain a democratic federal europe then it must be the strongest supporter of a free market and not of socialism with its ever increasing governmental planning of the economy and regulation of its citizens ' lives . 
   why ? 
  because fuck you , that 's why . 
  nobody asked you why . 
   i think it 's time there was a / r/trueeurope . 
    edit : bizarrely / r/europa , / r/trueeurope and / r/europeans are all private or banned subreddits . 
  i 've created [ r/europenews ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europenews/ ) and [ r/europeanpolitics ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europeanpolitics/ ) when the new mods came into the picture . 
  i do n't intend to try and make them active but i 'll keep them just in case . 
   what ?!? 
  capitalists who make investments should take losses ? 
  crazy thinking , crazy i tell you . 
  it 's a sad day when one ca n't invest and play a game of heads i win , tails you lose ; _ ;, 
   this i no different than church bells on sunday morning . 
  although i bet a lot less people will be hung over when the muslims start making the call to prayer . 
  there 's quite a difference between [ a bell which tells you the time ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zwucekwzcm ) and [ a call to pray ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1rys8649cq ) . 
  see u/simonask ? 
  we agree on a couple of things . 
   neo beats them all . 
  i still do n't know why keyboards are n't abcdefg . 
   no , reality , in fact supports my argument . 
  look at the interest rates before saying austerity is increasing them . 
   as opposed to what that does n't ?
