  that budgets and economics is not just austerity vs providing stimuly and hoping everything clears up . 
  it 's percentages and shittons of numbers . 
  something the average person voting and proposing laws will often not consider . 
  same thing with representatives . 
  do you really think they read all the shit they 're legislating on ? 
  why should they if , by assumption , most people do n't even bother ? 
  people would indeed bother more if they at least had the possibility of making a choice . 
  i 'm sure people in switzerland do n't vote just because , if they have no clue whatsoever they either get informed or do n't vote at all . 
  the problems you 're raising about more direct democracy are also very prevalent among representatives , it 's not like they 're this all wise group of people that will improve our lives for us . 
   that people are n't stupid but they are in fact a bit shortsighted and can often choose quick fixes over something that could infact be hindering for their grand grand children and also last but not least , that public opinion sways fast . 
  same thing with representatives . 
  as for the long term vs short term thing , well , our representatives here in portugal basically stole our future away from us , people my age and a bit older are fleeing the country for better prospects of living , they do n't want to be stuck in a country with so higher taxation and so few employment opportunities . 
   it 's no coincidence that there were protest for the independence of catalonia during a crisis . 
  i doubt those would 've been there if everything was going smoothly . 
  i fail to see how this can be used as an argument against more direct democracy . 
   except that for argentina they `` have no business being there '' since `` the island was argentina 's property '' . 
  you 're right , `` was '' . 
  they have just as much business there as i have in my former home . 
   also , would `` people currently living there '' work as a way to have large segments of european capital cities declare independence ? 
  if that 's what the people want , why not ? 
   can this also be used for tibet once china settles enough people there ( if it did n't already ) ? 
  well , it 's the same argument used for oliven\u00e7a to remain spanish and not portuguese , brazil brazilian and not portuguese or native american , poland polish and not german and karelia russian and not finnish . 
   because it could destroy normally productive and profitable sectors of the local economy . 
  just like the automobile destroyed the normally productive and profitable sectors of the railways ? 
  just like computers destroyed the normally productive and profitable sectors of typewriter production and development ? 
  just like the sunlight destroys the normally productive and profitable sectors of the candle-makers ? 
  trying to impose a cost on free goods or on cheaper goods with the excuse that it promotes economic growth and employment is plain stupid , it completely ignores the fact that if consumers pay less for a certain amount of something they will have more income to spend and while some sectors ( in this case , agriculture ) may be negatively affected , many other sectors will benefit and become more productive and profitable ( as people will suddenly consume more of everything else and generate employment like that ) . 
   extreme analogy to play devil 's advocate : if 10 homeless people make their way into your home and hold a vote to see who gets to own it , are their wishes relevant since you too live in a democracy ? 
  then house is your property , the hobos have no business being there . 
  same thing with the falklands , the people currently living there are british so the argentinians have no business in protesting and trying to move in . 
   a free market does not guarantee full employment . 
  nothing ever does . 
   some people simply do not have any useful skills . 
  and that is also true in systems that deviate from a market system and are more focused on centralised planning . 
   the market can not extract any wealth from such a person even the people with the lowest skills can often do something valuable . 
  sure , if you are talking about children , the very old or handicapped people , you 're right , they 're often of any use , but that 's the same be it in a market economy or a planned economy . 
   a government however could choose to serve this person 's interests and pay them to stare at a wall all day . 
  thus , a job has been created . 
  that 's stupid , no job was created , you were just paying that person to not do anything . 
  if you were to help people by paying them to do redundant things like digging up ditches and filling them back up or making them stare at a wall , you might just as well give them the benefit without required them to do those silly things - if there 's really nothing else they can be doing and their skills are truly worthless in the marketplace , then just give them the money directly ( as in the form of unemployment subsidies or a negative income tax ) or at least give them the opportunity to improve their skills ( be it by either improving the education sector or by giving incentives to companies who do employ these people ) . 
  anyway , artificially creating employment is silly , employment is the cost , the benefit is the product of the labour , if you are to pay people to not produce , then you might just as well use the money for more productive things such as in trying to improve the skills of these people so that they do can become more productive and live on their own without the support of society at large . 
   kinda like what happens in switzerland but on a much larger scale . 
  what 's wrong with switzerland ? 
  they seem to be doing great , actually !, 
   the problem with direct democracy is that people are selfish and not educated enough . 
  and the problem with lack of democracy is that tyrants and dictators are selfish , not educated enough and often do act against what 's best for the people . 
   i would n't be surprised if they vote for more expenses on social security , pensions and lower taxes at the same time with a straight face . 
  i 'm also not surprised when politicians do that to pander to the population which votes for them . 
   the topics to decide about are also too many . 
  nobody is forcing people to vote , if you do n't know or do n't care about some legislation going on a referendum , then stay at home and let the rest of society decide for you ( just like it happens so often even with representative democracy ) . 
   in switzerland it only works on a small scale and i doubt they get to decide on absolutely everything on a federal level too . 
  of course they do n't decide everything , there 's democratically elected representatives to handle the trivial matters , yet everything can be challenged in a referendum and they 've been doing great under such a system where it 's the people who held the power and it 's not taken away from them one way or the other . 
   just do n't be bloody stupid enough to let people decide everything for themselves . 
  you say that as if the people at large where a bunch of retards that need to be taken care of and looked out for , as if `` oh , the people ca n't think for themselves , we need some enlightened bunch to decide what 's actually best for us ! '', 
   install ` betterponymotes ' or some other plugin like that . 
   in my opinion it is okay to export but it 's not okay to sell the surplus of crops for dumping prices way under the world price market level . 
  why not ? 
  all the consumers would benefit , why should anyone ever refuse reverse foreign aid paid for by the taxpayers of some other country ? 
   is n't that the definition of a non-interventionist government ? 
  not at all !, 
  how can a government act to help the business interests if it does n't intervene ? 
   well , if one looks at the usa were most healthcare is private and awfully expensive , at twice the cost of the uk well , if one looks at the uk were most people are much more taxed than they are in the usa , healthcare is n't cheaper in the uk , it 's just paid differently . 
   i do not find the claim of ` inefficiency and waste ' justified . 
  what about the quality of the healthcare ? 
  how long are the waiting times on average ? 
  what 's the ration between administrative staff and actual doctors and nurses ? 
   well i 'll be damned , you 've got me by the balls . 
  you should be president . 
  i 'd impose a tax on laziness so you should n't vote for me . 
   with privatised industry , the wealth extremely rarely is distributed to the local area , and is very often simply exported to the company 's base-nation . 
  ( usually usa ) . 
  that only happens when the government protects the business interests . 
   therefore it 's my view that material industries should be private ( should there be a call for such a move ) , but public transport and healthcare should always be nationalised . 
  you 're for inefficiency and waste in healthcare and transportation ? 
   because they are industries where profits should be secondary to the good of the people . 
  how about food ? 
  is n't it of the utmost importance ? 
  should n't we quickly nationalise everything to prevent exploitation from the producers and to prevent shortages of food ? 
   also , privatisation of public transport in england especially has led to absolutely no improvements whatsoever , and the trains are still always late as fuck . 
  what about the claim that public transportation such as the railways is n't improving even while privatised because it 's now for the most part obsolete and just ca n't compete with newer private transportation methods like cars and planes ? 
   only on certain topics ofcourse . 
  that 's ridiculous , you 're either for democracy or against democracy . 
  saying democracy only works sometimes is beyond retarded . 
  to say that is to say you 're only supportive of the popular vote when its decision matches yours . 
  that is just so hypocritical , that 's not saying you support democracy , that 's saying you support democracy when it supports you . 
  heck , even the people who most despise democratic rule would be supportive of such a system , using democracy as an excuse to implement certain policies and then arguing against democracy when the people at large do n't want some other policies . 
   i mean do n't let people decide about their taxes , or minimum pension or something like that . 
  why the fuck not ? 
  whom else should decide for the people if not the people themselves ? 
  have n't we had enough of well-intentioned enlightened paternalistic governments deciding for the people and against the people what is actually best for the ordinary citizen ? 
   no country-specific parties , dissolution of countries and usage of nuts1 as the core regional units . 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen ever . 
   sorry for going completely off topic here but eh ... do you start every comment you post with a pony ? 
  i do n't see anything though i do see res acting up on his posts doing things like [ 1 ] which it only does when there are links and if i click on his post source he does have some weird things in the beginning . 
   a healthy mix is what 's best please elaborate , i 'm curious to know what kind governmental intervention would be helpful . 
   thatcher closed down all our national industry . 
  she is part of the reason we are in this mess . 
  perhaps you should get a taste of central planning and see what happens when it 's the government the one opening up industry . 
   they are all white except for milliband , not that race has any bearing on who i vote for . 
  if i were british , i 'd vote for thatcher .
