  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_conflicts_in_africa#21st_century ), 
   buy why is it bad ? 
  why is segregation bad ? 
  are you serious ? 
  because it 's segregation , that 's why !, 
   i stopped drinking soda and now i can eat as much as i want and barely gain any weight . 
  just something you might like to consider . 
  yeah , the body does n't work like that . 
  do n't drink the hfcs shit , that 's what the yanks put on theirs because of how they massively subsidise corn . 
   did you even read the article ? 
  this is not an invasion or a regime change . 
  they are aiding the existing government in protecting its lands from terrorists . 
  and their government asked for help with this problem they have a hard time handling on their own . 
  nobody asked the people from azawad if they want to continue to be governed by mali . 
  sometimes i mistake / r/europe for / r/worldnews i 'm kinda always here in r/europe , it 's hard to miss me x ), 
   what is your reasoning ? 
  that segregation is bad and that it 's essential for boys and girls to learn together how life is ? 
  the heck ? 
  you 'd want segregated schools ? 
   given the alternative , frankly yes . 
  if you look a bit in the recent french political history , the socialist party is the only one who has really reformed anything ( which is a bit biased , since the only socialist government in recent history was jospin ) . 
  i do n't know about your politics that much , truth be told , but what i do know is that this diarrhoea of bad policies being implemented in france only came when hollande took office . 
  i would n't be that excited about reforms when they 're for the worse . 
   note also that the socialist party is somewhat more economically liberal than the ump ( never a right-wing minister would have said jospin `` the state can not solve everything '' ) . 
  but it is true that they are far less pro-capitalism ( which is not a contradiction in a european country : less regulation/intervention , but the remaining intervention are aimed at not giving the capital too much power ) . 
  more economically liberal ? 
  they why are they trying to restrict so much ? 
  oh , and as for the anti-capitalism , i personally think that 's utter nonsense and i think it shows , they could be milking the fat cow that are the wealthy but now they ca n't as fat cows like depardieu surprisingly enough do n't like being taxes at 75 % and are doing everything to avoid paying it at all . 
  it 's like killing the chicken that laid the golden goose or like professional poker players that rather go against amateurs and only win a bit so that over the years they return to lose some more as opposed to absolutely trashing them and they never returning . 
  yep , you screwed it up in trying to tax that heavily , you have neighbours with lower tax rates that actually receive more in revenue because the amount of people that are fine under those taxes more than makes up for the difference . 
   or , you know , help the [ malinians/malis/malese ? ] ... 
  just like it helped the libyans and the iraqis and the afghans and everybody else we 've bombed !, 
  i only wonder why they never see us as liberators :\\, 
   and yet you 'll be the first to complain about the state in case there 's a famine . 
  [ oh look , no famines in europe ever since ww2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines ) !, 
  and no , i 'd never complain about the state because it 's never their responsibility , it 's the free market that provides the food and it already provides food enough for everybody and then some . 
  cap on top of that leads to massive production going to waste . 
  do n't you read the news ? 
  every month it seems to be yet another one about several tons of food being wasted because yet again there was overproduction caused by cap . 
   fuuu fuuu fuuu   i supertrolled now   fuuu fuuu fuuu [ i got you frustrated brah ] ( http://i.imgur.com/35uxg.gif ) !, 
   yes , they can still cling to the old western model of living off everyone else , in case of the city . 
  what about the city ? 
   hooray , ignorance once again !, 
  i made that post mockingly . 
  damn , was n't it obvious ? 
   there 's a lot more people leaving the countries in austerity , in case you have n't left the house or turned on the news for a year . 
  not because of austerity but because of the taxes which have n't been cut like the rest of the public spending . 
   as for depardieu , i 'm pretty sure france gives him more in subsidies for his movies than they get out of him . 
  now there 's a good idea , instead of increasing taxes , cutting spending in those subsidies . 
  really , subsidies in the film industry ? 
  how has that waste not been cut already ? 
   i do n't know the details in france , but there 's also the populist politician who wants to pander to the rich by cutting their taxes . 
  pander to the rich ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  that politician will get the support of 5 % of the electorate at the expense of some 50 % who might see that as very unfair ? 
   i mean , by that argument , just cut all social benefits and let companies hire and fire at will , even for an hour , and you 'll have the most competitive economy in the world . 
  competitiveness is n't just that , but i have to ask you , why only for an hour ? 
  for the most part companies fire and hire at will in the usa and in the uk , and they 're better there than for example here where there 's massive fees in order to fire someone and there 's also all the paperwork required and after some years it 's basically impossible to fire people which leads to people not having to work as hard as they do n't risk losing their job and overall competitiveness goes down and even if you have a guy straight out of university that 's eager to work and will work more for less , that person can be unemployed for long periods of time because companies already have people employed and ca n't fire them because of out laws even though the people working there are much less productive than the young people looking for a job and so it 's no surprise that here it 's harder to fire 5 guys than it is to shut down an whole plant and send 150 people straight into unemployment , making them unemployed for life because , well , the other businesses ca n't fire people and hire new ones even if the people looking for a job are more fit . 
  good going with all the `` workers rights '' bullshit and the unemployment it creates , learn from the brits and the yanks and the swiss as they do n't have any of this shit and everybody is better off and their unemployment rate is much lower . 
   the reality is , security increases productivity as well . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm still young so i have to be productive , but imagine i was 35 , how will security make me more productive ? 
  if anything , it will make me less productive as i know for a fact the company i work in would have to pay dearly to fire me and so even i work half or am paid twice what someone in their 25 years does , i do n't have to be productive because the labour laws protect me at the expense of more qualified workers . 
   it 's a balance , and it 's also a choice of what society you want to live in : china is extremely competitive , yet neo-liberals do n't move there . 
  china is n't competitive , china works on slave labour . 
  if you do n't allow your workers to go home and place nets to avoid them from killing themselves . 
  hopefully industrialisation will make this obsolete just like it made africans or oxen . 
   and yet , there 's no social debt to be paid , countries can just have massive unemployment for years with no long term influence on the economy , crime , health and everywhere else , right ? 
  no , it 's the opposite . 
  but if you 're serious about these issues and want to fight unemployment , you 'd best lower the spending to be able to afford lowering taxes and help bringing jobs back into our country . 
   sometime in the last century many people died to have social rights , and the economy was better off . 
  social rights only exist when you can afford them . 
  if the economy does n't improve , all the people that died fighting for the social rights will have died in vain , if you want to preserve the social rights , you best stop with the tax burden on it and allow it to grow , it 's the only way you 'll sustain and preserve those social rights . 
   deter people from having such high revenue to ease off the feeling of social unfairness . 
  what it actually achieved : people with such high revenue now pay their taxes elsewhere . 
   prove that hollande is not the `` friend of the rich '' which is basically why sarkozy were not really able to reform the country : any of its attempt was met with contempt because it was assume to benefit only to `` the rich '' ( especially big bosses who were his personal friends ) . 
  and that was done at the expense of the income the rich were bringing and creating in france . 
  i hope hollande 's stay in power is worth it . 
   ultimately avoid facing to much opposition when doing the needed reforms ( the recent `` 20 bn $ tax rebate to promote competitivity '' has not sparked much reaction for example . 
  the incoming reforms of the work contract and the rise of retirement age will be much more accepted than under sarkozy . 
  now this is somewhat silly . 
  or maybe that 's just me , here in portugal everything is massively criticised , the rich already left and still everything the government wants to change is met with protest . 
   who is that exactly ? 
  everybody who has bothered to look at cap and know exactly how its actually like . 
  i did , unlike most people , i had geography in my 11th grade , we studied extensively cap and its goals and effects and all that . 
  even portugal , a net receiver , lost a lot to cap as it forced us to downsize production at a time we needed to increase it . 
  and then came all the new plans and environmental concerns and we were fine to produce again if it was biological or we could opt to not produce at all and get paid for it . 
  and this went on for some time , even my own grandparents had a vineyard but they only started cultivating when cap gave them money and they stopped when cap paid them to stop . 
  it 's just bullshit wasting and telling me `` 9 out of 10 people think the eu caring about farming is good '' is retarded , why do n't you first tell people how cap actually is , the actual effects it has , the expense it requires from the taxpayers and then ask them `` know that you know how cap works , do we need it ? '' ? 
  i 'm sure by then the answers would be wholly different . 
   again the people with `` that amount of income '' can all leave , in term of number of people leaving there still would not be the massive exode you claim there is . 
  we still need to see if you 're actually going to increase your tax revenues . 
   and the fact that depardieu moving was so mediatised shows you how discrete someone very rich leaving is . 
  nah , before depardieu came along there were news of some others , depardieu just made all the waves as he 's known and because he basically told hollande to go fuck himself . 
   like it or not , the state intervenes and will intervene . 
  their are plenty of ways you can fire someone for free ( objectives not met ( in a repeated fashion and given that the objectives could have been met ) for example ) . 
  the bone of contention here is a shrinking of your activity : if you want to lay off people to face it , it will cost you . 
  the objective is both to finance the benefits for people laid off and to deter companies from using it : other ways are seen as preferable . 
  these ways were deemed insufficient hence the current negotiations about workforce flexibility . 
  yes , i know it wo n't be these draconian laws , but they do have a negative impact on your overall competitiveness , it wo n't be much of an issue on the next year or so but it will have its toll as time goes by .
