  i want the eu to be more like switzerland . 
  in fact , i want the eu to be so good that even switzerland applies for membership . 
   are most things in the eurozone priced to the nearest $ .05 ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , canada started doing that several years ago . 
  it 's been a long time since i was last in europe , so i ca n't remember . 
  the scandinavians country i know are doing it , i 'm guessing they 're not the only ones has the .02 and .01 coins are getting very very hard to come by . 
  which is a good thing , those are worthless and cost more to mint than they 're worth it . 
   there should be and they should look swanky . 
  and a 10 $ coin too . 
  i like those in notes , the 2 $ coin is big and heavy enough as it is ( well , it is n't that much but it 's a bit , the 5 $ and 10 $ would have to be even more ) and it 's easier and lighter to have them in notes . 
  sorry but there 's no 5 $ coin and the front is equal regardless of country . 
  unless you 're talking about commemorative coins , but who cares about those ? 
  that 's [ e\u00e7a de queiroz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/e%c3%a7a_de_queiroz ) in [ os maias ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/os_maias ) , quite important portuguese literature x )  keep in mind these are ancient traditions though . 
  running away would have meant your sons would be killed and your wives and daugthers made someone else 's . 
  we 're talking about albanians here , they 'd all just moved to some neighbouring country and claimed it their own . 
  you know , just like it happened in kosovo and they intend to make it happen with their greater albania claims . 
   it 's a lot easier to be sneaky about having sex than sneakily avoiding dying in a battle field holding on to your intestines . 
  and it would be even easier to leave the country ( i guess ) . 
   i usually do n't approve of calling peple idiots , but in this case it 's perfectly valid . 
    edit : come to think of it , i still do n't approve . 
  one swallow does not make a summer . 
  so ... do you think i 'm an idiot or not ? 
   without being being expected to make the great sacrifices celibacy is n't a great sacrifice ? 
  i 'd say it 's downright impossible !, 
  though i agree with you partially , it 's is n't that big of a sacrifice to claim celibacy and live the rest of your life having sex without others knowing and/or masturbating a lot , if priests can do it , i 'm guessing albanian women can too :p, 
   shit like this happens daily in every country , regardless of ethnicity . 
  what ? 
  witch hunts are a common thing up there ? 
  i 'm being racist because i thought they were n't an every day occurrence in the typical swedish household ? 
  sure , witch-hunts were common practice here , so it 's not like it 's related to ethnicity , but then the inquisition was abolished some centuries ago and they 're a thing of the past . 
  sorry for thinking it was like that up there as well . 
   conditions seems to be getting worse . 
  [ they rate at 3rd in the world in terms of rapes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_statistics ) , only south africa and botswana have more reported cases of sexual assault than sweden . 
  perhaps that 's a good thing for u/jms3r , do n't ask me as i 'm not the one saying sweden is a paradise . 
   racism is making presumptions based on statistics . 
  if those statistics are accurate or not is hardly the point . 
  so [ is this racist ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extrapolation ) ? 
   because you 're racist . 
  til me thinking it 's not normal for swedes to savagely beat their young children and force them to drink their own urine because they thought they were witches makes me a racist . 
  and here i was thinking that being a racist meant believing humanity was divided into distinct biological groups called races and that some of these races were inherently better or worse than others !, 
  thanks u/vliegtuig12 for enlightening me , from now on i 'll avoid having these misconceptions and will just assume it 's normal for everyone to act this barbarically to their kids . 
   not anarcho-socialism , but i 'm still curious why you thought i held those positions . 
  nothing i 've written anywhere has indicated that . 
  i do n't have any of the ` crazy ' economic/social positions . 
  i have you tagged as communist so changes are that you 're left of centre-left x ) next time i see you talking about economic policy , i 'll remember and we 'll talk more about it :p, 
   i do n't know why you would think that i hold those views , it 's pretty much the complete opposite . 
  please do n't say anarcho-socialism , please do n't say anarcho-socialism , please do n't say anarcho-socialism . 
   s/he did n't make a comment on race . 
  what you 've done is equated `` from sweden '' with `` white '' and `` from the drc '' with `` black '' . 
  which is actually the more racist of the two comments ... 
  i did n't but simonask is a pretty flower that has to see hatred everywhere . 
  he already reported me in the past for homophobic discriminatory language , so it 's not like him now calling me a racist prick surprises me much . 
   you 're an idiot . 
  reported for [ discriminatory language ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e8b2vhv.png ) . 
   everyone knows that lowering tariffs and quotas ** improves ** things at home for everyone except a few `` special interests '' that we can easily ignore due to the benefits to the rest of the population . 
  it think you meant `` harms '' :p  the only area i support this sort of nonsense is in food production which we want to keep local for security reasons . 
  even here i 'll have to be supportive of the free-market and the abolishment of trade barriers . 
  one perfect example of that done wrong were the corn laws , but there are many others which happened more recently . 
  just look at cap , we constantly overproduce , it 's what , every year 30 % ~ 50 % of our food that goes to waste , food that was only produced because of the subsidies paid for by the taxpayers ? 
  since ww2 that there has been no food shortages here , even without the subsidies and other protectionist measures , we have the technology and the know-how to satisfy all our needs and still have some leftovers , not to mention that we can import food from pretty much every country in the world and we are at absolutely no risk of facing shortages of it , even if our domestic production was n't at the levels it has been recently . 
  so even in food production i 'll have to be against these protectionist measures , they 're highly inefficient and not helpful in its purpose of ensuring we always have food on our tables . 
   why does the geography of the crime matter ? 
  if this family was in the congo they 'd have still done this and most likely worse things and the girl would have still suffered . 
  so it 's fine that they 're doing this here ? 
   the couple , from the democratic republic of congo why was i not surprised that this couple was n't actually swedish ? 
   possibly the only time i 've ever agreed with you . 
  do n't be like that savannajeff , we both pursue the same goals of sustainable prosperity , i 'd say the main difference between us is that i want to provide everyone equality of opportunity while you just want to give everyone equality of income . 
  i want to create the conditions for economic growth to happen , you want to be the one deciding how that economic growth should come about . 
  it 's the whole efficiency vs equality and free-market vs central-planning debate that we 're always going on about . 
  sure , you may find me very obnoxious from time to time , if so then the feeling is mutual , but deep down we 're not that different :p, 
   china is using protectionism in almost every industry . 
  you cant succeed against that without protectionism that 's retarded , that would be an unwinnable race to the bottom and would n't benefit us in the slightest . 
   something is only worth what others are willing to pay for it . 
  right , but i still do n't understand , should we devalue like they do and raise tariffs on their products ? 
  that sounds like a massive waste of purchasing power and a lost battle if you ask me . 
  i 'd personally favour if we were to keep the euro strong so we could get their products for next to nothing and just move on to the production of other goods which they still do n't have a comparative advantage . 
  i fail to see how that is relevant to the matter of we abolishing trade restrictions such as [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trade_barrier ) . 
   that 's only one side . 
    the other side is that the chinese will buy less from europe because our currency is more expensive . 
  more expensive comparatively to theirs , our currency will be worth the same . 
  i fail to see how this is a problem , if they 're working for next to nothing , let them , if with a single euro we can afford much more of their shit , excellent for us . 
  what , you 'd want to go down on their level ? 
  to compete with them head on ? 
  or do you rather take advantage of their extremely cheap products and just move on to other industries where we 're more competitive than they are ? 
   we consumers are benefiting massively from people working there for horrible wages and in horrible conditions.not to mention issues such as the environment or human rights which they are far away from respecting . 
  right . 
   if you keep trading with them at the same rate you 're just encouraging their practices . 
  no , you 're just not allowing their living standards to improve and keeping them in their miserable life for longer . 
  you think their political system will bend over to the eu calls for them to step down ? 
  if you 're really concerned about their conditions , you 'll continue working with them while telling them how things are here , it wo n't be with empty threats and no diplomacy that we 'll solve things . 
  furthermore , once their life quality improves , they 'll be on a better situation to change their system , if we do n't do business with them , their populace will be the ones who 'll suffer the most . 
   it 's also promoting a stagnation in reformation of the country ( as things are getting better and no reason to complain for the population ) they know how the rest of the world is . 
  they know how things are done in the usa and in the eu or even in south korea , japan or taiwan . 
  they know that their system is oppressive and that it could be much better . 
  though they wo n't be able to change it while they 're dependent on their government , let them improve their living standards and let them try to reform it from within . 
  it has already changed a lot in the last few decades and it will continue to change during the years , if we were now to act hostile towards them , we 'd be going against the reformation process . 
   you know how many jobs would be created in us if they stopped trading as much with china ? 
  this is an argument for protectionism and it 's irrational . 
  it 's quite like the [ candlemaker 's petition ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/petition.html ) - no , worthwhile jobs wo n't be created by simply making foreign products more competitive . 
   it 's killing many jobs and harming economies of countries which , unlike china , are competing on a fair and even level .
