  you 're right , that 's what it 's meant to do , however that 's not what it achieves , what in does in practise is precisely the opposite , the poorest employed end up being unemployed and replaced with people with just slightly better skills and that deserve better pay . 
   i think wages rising increase competitiveness . 
  nope , it 's the other way around , rising competitiveness increases wages . 
  the way for increasing the wage levels is to increase the competitiveness , you ca n't try to do the opposite and increase wages without the competitiveness to back it up otherwise you 'll end up with companies closing down and/or with more people unemployed . 
   you are greatly exaggerating to make your point seem valid , and you are wrong , no economy can suddenly increase it 's minimum wages from 150 euros to 2000 euros / month , it has to be done in time the point i was trying to make was precisely the opposite , that minimum wages do n't achieve their goal be it at 100 $ / month or at 2000 $ / month , that if you look at the other economies even within the eu , the ones with the highest pay do n't even have a minimum wage set by a third party , that countries such as austria , germany , denmark , sweden and finland have very high wages and very low unemployment rate and that these countries are the ones in which their governments do n't try to control the wage levels . 
   just use chrome , it just opens pdf links in the browser like any website and even faster . 
  i use firefox and it 's no biggie :p, 
   those are from 2009 , here is the 2012 map , quite some differences . 
  thanks . 
  if you have the source , can you post it please ? 
   and once more it 's like switzerland is n't even part of europe :( it was a report made by the eu and it only considered the member-states and countries currently trying to accede to the union . 
   germany has the best economy in yourop , min wage : 0 . 
  that 's simplifying a very complex situation . 
   there are several examples where accelerated increase of the minimum wage helped with growth and sustained increased standard of living ( canada in the second half of the 20th century and in recent times , australia ) . 
  it does n't work like that , you ca n't just propel people to an higher productivity and wages by making it into a law , a minimum wage is in effect discriminating against those who have lower skills by making it unlawful to pay them what their productivity is worth and therefore employers will have to discriminate against these people . 
  it really is no coincidence that the youth unemployment rate is much higher than the average unemployment specially in those countries with higher minimum wages . 
   i think romania could only stand to benefit from imposing higher minimum wages , sure , inflation might go up , but it 's not like we 're on the euro and ca n't do anything about that . 
  firstly , inflation is only caused by the amount of money there is in an economy , if the ecb prints money , you 'll have inflation , that 's the only way . 
  if the government of romania controls wages and prices , you 'll have unemployment and shortages but no inflation . 
  secondly , people with average skills might benefit from a minimum wage as they 'll have less competition from people with low skills for their labour however this is in no way beneficial for the society as a whole - you 'll be making it that much more difficult for people with less qualifications to find employment , earn some income and improve their skills on the job . 
  if controlling wages did work , why not raise the minimum wage to levels where everybody would be able to live without difficulties ? 
  why not a minimum wage of 2000 $ / month or even higher than that ? 
   romania can into poverty . 
  ( you really ca n't survive in romania on minimum wage , unless you live in a box and eat only beans , hence all of the romanians leaving the country to work in the eu ) minimum wage is bad at measuring poverty , you do could very well raise your minimum wage to that of luxembourg for example but then not end up wealthy like luxembourg but with a much larger unemployment . 
  besides , the minimum wage in the wealthier countries is also very low , you have to take into consideration the cost of living , i can guarantee you that one can buy more with 100 $ in romania than you can buy with 100 $ in say france . 
  [ better list for the eu with euros and per month ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-qa-09-029/en/ks-qa-09-029-en.pdf ) . 
   from my cold sticky hands ... 
  gross, 
   private hospitals only need to serve those who pay and provide a service . 
  public hospitals also only treat you if you pay the moderating fee ( if i can translate it like this ) and if everybody else pays their taxes . 
   public hospitals must provide public healthcare as a right to every single ctizen , even the poorest of the poor , of course it 's easier to run a private hospital . 
  what do you mean , that the poor are harder to heal ? 
  that they have too many patients and do n't have the infrastructure necessary to provide them a good service ? 
   next thing you 're gon na tell me private schools are also better , lol . 
  well , i 've been in public and private schools and am now in a public university and it 's not even comparable , on the public ones there are teachers that just do n't give a shit , the buildings are almost all degraded and there 's no concern if the students are all learning or not whereas in the private one it was all very well managed , all teachers worked tirelessly and i do own a lot of my current academic success to that institution . 
  why is alentejo a desert ? 
  so that the camels in lisbon can do the crossing to algarve . 
   health care in any civilized place that has it running . 
  really ? 
  looking at our own private hospitals , they seem to be much better run than the public ones . 
   master race portuense xp portista caralho !, 
   if hayek says so , it must be true !, 
  i 'm yet to even read hayek , but whatever . 
   that 's why somalia is the best place ever oh , great , another one who confuses lack of government intervention in the economy with the lack of government . 
  i do challenge you to give me an example of central planning an economy which was more beneficial to that society than what would be reached with a market economy . 
   i think i agree with you on this , but perhaps the petition is more meant as a message to high roaming fees companies . 
  that 's not really a good message imo , i mean , you 're only penalising all consumers by instituting price controls , why not give them benefits such as tax cuts to companies who do lower roaming call prices to the levels that already are practised in the domestic market ? 
   your faith in the private sector and in the market in general is moving , almost cute it 's not faith , it 's conclusions based on empirical evidence , free markets always acted for the greater interest of the society at large best than any form of central planning so far implemented . 
  i wonder why we do n't go back to the times of mercantilism with the noble goals of food safety which did us so good in the pst to keep us safe and prosperous . 
   replacing a state monopoly with a private one is n't really the soundest economic move . 
  even grandpa mises would agree with that . 
  what we 're discussing is the opposite , is replacing a private monopoly with a state one . 
  and most of the people here seem to be raging a full erection from the thought of that , as if it was an improvement . 
   agreed . 
  i 'd prefer this much closer to the top despite personally advocating nationalised water industries . 
  * downvote *, 
   it means too important to have the crazy assholes at the stock market handle it . 
  oh , there are crazy assholes in the stock market , perhaps the consumer is a crazy asshole as well , let 's have the all-wise and all-good government control it for us !, 
   do we want to risk people dying or depopulating regions because they could n't affort water or because it took `` the market '' 10 years to make supplying water `` profitable '' again ? 
  people who died because they could n't afford water in a privately-owned system : 0 people who had their taxes increased and their income decreased by the state managing the water supply : all of them  do we think `` the market '' is reliable and trustworthy ? 
  hey , you do n't want it , do n't buy in it , you 're free to open up wells and get water for yourself , i for one trust much more a shop owner and a businessman than i trust some fool who pursued a career in politics in lisbon . 
   these days ? 
  really ? 
  you do ? 
  i bet you miss the days of the gdr . 
   dude , are you from africa or the moon ? 
  dude , are you brain-dead ? 
   yes , most of food/land/transportation / healthcare/internet connection/cellphones , even tooth-brushes are often publicly handled , if not subsidized and if not heavily regulated and whereever that is not the case , shit hits the fan you have no idea whatsoever of how a market operates . 
   reddits current favorite example is internet connections in the usa . 
  you mean that american website that is privately-owned ? 
  yeah , fucking reddit ceos , the government ought to step in and heavily regulate !, 
  [ bastiat a falar sobre a arg\u00e9lia ] ( http://bastiat.org/en/twisatwins.html#algeria ) , spot on . 
   white burden son , got ta colonize dat africa . 
   how does a phone call between two vodafone networks in different countries cost more than a call between inside a vodafone network in a single country ? 
  i do n't know , you ask them . 
  what i do know is that the costs associated with those wo n't go away with eu regulation . 
   what costs ? 
  the costs of the phone call , obviously . 
   the problem with very high roaming fees is exactly that - they are not cost based ; they are what the telecoms can get away with because of high entrace barrier and relatively low competition . 
  and the problem with the government intervention is that is does n't remove those costs , it just hides them and distributes them among everybody . 
   it says of britain 's 1973 entry into the common market and subsequent referendum : `` the british people were never given the full story ... the people were kept in the dark . 
  they were constantly told there were no political implications attaching to britain 's joining , that it was purely an economic arrangement . '', 
  the book goes on to call that argument a `` deception '' . 
  did these people even read the fucking preamble of the treaty they were voting on ? 
   [ determined to lay the foundations of an ever-closer union among the peoples of europe , ] ( http://www.google.pt/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;ved=0cdcqfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fec.europa.eu%2feconomy_finance%2femu_history%2fdocuments%2ftreaties%2frometreaty2.pdf&amp;ei=u8waufh-nowxhqezjyd4ag&amp;usg=afqjcnfl3tewsesi32vjcye7u31btqt7pa ) regardless of the illiteracy of this anti-eu crowd , if they hate it so much they can always fucking leave . 
   if bakeries were charging more for a loaf of bread than it would cost to send the same bread to low earth orbit , then i am pretty sure governments would step in . 
  today i sent 7 messages and paid 0.00 $ , does this mean my bread should also cost 0.00 $ or 0.00 $ / 4 ? 
   the eu has helped to significantly cut roaming costs , and i do n't see any telecoms collapsing because of that . 
  telecoms collapsing ? 
  who said that ? 
  no , none of that will occur with the eu enforcing lower roaming rates . 
  what will happen and is happening is that all consumers will have to pay for the expense of the few that do roaming calls . 
   you want privatized water ? 
  res tagged as anarco-capitalist !, 
  oh , you want freedom , try somalia lolololol !!!, 
  what is ` left ' and what is ` right ' ? 
  why should hitler be ` right ' and stalin , his temporary friend , be ` left ' ? 
  who is ` reactionary ' and who is ` progressive ' ? 
  reaction against an unwise policy is not to be condemned . 
  and progress towards chaos is not to be commended .
