  probably could n't have trampled over the hre so quickly without it . 
   i 've just formed germany on my prussian/brandenburg play through ( had to wait for those op military reforms first ) . 
  it was so much fun having cores on a billion former hre territories . 
    of course my germany stretches from jerusalem to novgorod . 
  from stockholm * all the way down to switzerland . 
  once i 've cleaned up the rest of the ex-hre i think i 'm going to push down to mecca . 
    * prussia can into nordic and so can germany . 
  estland is finally of nordic . 
  [ pics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ttxpwh7.jpg ) or it did n't happen . 
   i can understand when the police prevents violence , but these are cases in which there 's clearly not going to be any violence :   * cyclists protest against the lack of bike paths in bucharest ( it was eventually approved , but the approval was delayed until the evening before the protest and the place had been changed several times ) those can be quite violent , i saw a video of one of those protests and it was insane !, 
  [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=6xl3g4vpk30#t=52s ) . 
  fortunately nobody died . 
   or else what ?? 
  people might stop hating my very name ? 
  take a chill pill , i 'm just teasing with you , i often get the same criticism as you just did because i can be controversial and am always here on r/europe :p  it 's funny , i 'd almost illicit less vitriol and hatred from some of the residents around these parts if i just straight out trolled , as opposed to expressing the stuff i do . 
  ahaha , if some people get upset at what you have to say , then that 's good , it 's means you have a personality of your own xd, 
   and so they should have been . 
  germany lost too much territory after dubya dubya 2 . 
   i 'm starting to feel like i 'm getting famous around these parts ... do n't get too cocky though x ), 
   uat2d was asking why austria was n't divided . 
  yep , i 'm sorry for not expressing myself clearly :p, 
  what about austria ? 
   you go to jail for months if you have like 0,1 gram of weed . 
  geez , what 's wrong with weed ? 
  i 've been with plenty of people smoking weed and it 's actually nice , it 's certainly much better than tobacco which stinks , makes you cough and hurts like a fucking bitch if someone carelessly hits you with a cigarette . 
   it is prohibited to drink alcohol in public places . 
  i guess i wo n't even try to go to poland on erasmus . 
   according to the church you 're literally the devil and you have no future if you smoke/ever smoked weed . 
  well , if there is a heaven , then i 'm certainly going up there . 
  it sounds dull anyway , only the most boring people seem to be a good fit for that place . 
   as for drugs , it is decriminalised , which is different from being accepted of course . 
  it 's only decriminalised in small amounts though , you ca n't have more than 10 daily doses with you otherwise you risk getting charged with trafficking and that 's still a punishable offence . 
  i do believe ours is one of the best drug policies in the world - users are n't criminals and should n't be treated as such , it 's much better to help addicts through rehabilitation than to try to convince people away from drug use with draconian punishments . 
   here in portugal if you say `` tareco '' you know for sure that 's a cat name . 
    quick edit : while we are in it what are the stereotypical dog 's name in your country ? 
  here it 's `` bobi '' . 
  [ bobi , tareco ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtnim8b-x7s ) !, 
  yeah , almeida sounds odd , ferreira , costa and silva are much more common . 
  some others i find that are more common than almeida are , for example : oliveira , pereira , moreira , rocha , rodrigues , castro , sousa , ribeiro , alves , barbosa , carneiro , s\u00e1 , pinto , gomes , correia , santos , vasconcelos and fonseca . 
  i mean , i just scrolled through my facebook contacts and names such as these were popping up all too often whereas almeida just is n't that frequent . 
   so , if one want to invade britain why would anyone want to do that ? 
  it 's foggy , wet and cold . 
  no wonder that for centuries they were the ones doing the invading and trying to settle in places where the sun does shine . 
  porto : we 've been having some rain . 
  that 's it . 
   and do they have so radically different levels of productivity ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  they do , you can hardly compare say new york with idaho or s\u00e3o paulo with maranh\u00e3o . 
  serbia and montenegro will have to wait , it seems , serbia a few more reforms and till the whole kosovo thing is dealt with and montenegro for serbia . 
  oh look , it 's hollande again being a socialist . 
   are you sexing your chickens ? 
  not like that lol xd, 
  oh great , italy is going to pull of a belgium . 
   i was hoping you had a recipe to make chicken soup without adding water . 
  the secret ingredient is love . 
   i think this is the first time ever i 've upvoted you . 
  i 've upvoted you a few times in the past you silly . 
   it should be noted that those countries also have massive semi-permanent transferring of money from rich part to poor parts . 
  it 's the kind of thing the eu needs to get used to . 
  if done well , that 'd be great . 
  if done wrong . . well , we 've tried already and unfortunately some countries including my own wasted and misused a substantial part of those funds . 
   pasok died , nd are eu puppets and syriza are still to new . 
  so on whom would you vote if the elections were today ? 
   where are you going with this ? 
  nowhere , just teasing with you :p, 
   sup shill , i view them as jokes who will be nothing but a bad memory within a few years . 
  so tell me , syriza , new democracy or pasok ? 
   we get called `` austerity dictators '' and people are on the streets with signs that `` why wo n't eu help ?? '' . 
  there are crazy people everywhere , sorry . 
   yes , if i would have more money i would definitely spend more of it . 
  maybe buy a new apple ipad or lenovo thinkpad or jump from toyota to lexus . 
  definitely increased consumer spending would help situation in cyprus , greece or spain . 
  no question about it . 
  well , you also do n't want to crush it . 
  imo only by lowering tax rates on businesses and by removing restrictions can we start seeing some improvement . 
  and when the public budgets to get better , then lower income tax and vat as well . 
  dealing with the current crisis and coming out still in one piece . 
  with the way things are going in greece , cyprus and here , well , let 's just hope it succeeds because despite the many flaws of the eu , portugal would be in a much worse situation outside it . 
   islamic immigrants becoming the majority populace in certain northern european countries . 
  hey mitso , what 's your stance on golden dawn ? 
   the basic problem is still that countries with different levels of productivity should not share the same currency . 
  that 's nonsense , the usa , brazil , russia and india ( to name a few ) are doing fine and they only have one currency . 
   the ties are only of water did you know a chicken is 75 % water ? 
  gosh , google translator is really bad xd, 
   i know people make `` too soon '' jokes all the time on here , but 3 days after 9/11 is a bit too soon to talk about how mass murder is good for the economy . 
  my point was that he was , like always , completely ignoring the opportunity costs , what he said is textbook broken window fallacy . 
  so not only that about him being insensitive but also 9/11 , just like any major act of destruction , was very bad for the economy . 
   [ list of countries by suicide rate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) i 'll shed a tear for the poor people of belgium , lithuania and slovenia . 
   can we get subsidy because of this ? 
  finns make more suicides than people in for example greece , italy , spain or portugal , we need more help to get over the suicide problem . 
  proof that the crisis is worse there . 
  if i were you , i 'd make a corny video called `` what the portuguese need to know about finland '' and use emotional blackmail to try and get portugal to spend money on finland , at least till the suicide rate is the same on both countries . 
  \u00bf que ? 
   17 \u00bac in lisbon . 
  i feel left out when the rest of europe gets snow but we do n't ; _ ;, 
   apparently it is . 
  i find it funny when people throw the word `` greedy '' around as if it was some kind of insult . 
   i know i harp on about the cap a lot , but getting rid of the implied protectionism of the cap would leave europe starving in 30 years [ new zealand has a subsidy-free agriculture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_new_zealand#reform_and_liberalisation ) and they 're doing great . 
  besides , there are plenty of other countries that do n't even have arable land and live very well with trade and not with agricultural protectionism . 
  anyway , [ i fully agree with friedman ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw_6tv9awd8 ) on this issue .
