  we 've had it with cap and it 's inefficiency and waste . 
   exactly , greece consistently had a much much bigger multiplier with austerity than expected , hence the miscalculation and why the new estimate is so high . 
  this is , again , the reason why this specific strategy is not only bad , it is particularly bad for greece . 
  alternatively , one could say greece 's public spending multiplier was insignificant . 
  that while austerity and reducing spending is now harming the economy , the runaway public debt they got in the first place did n't provide the economic growth it should , not by a long shot . 
  nobody is saying that austerity does n't have a direct negative impact in the gdp , the problem is that not-austerity ( aka spending ) was the root of the actual problem in the first place , that while the best thing would be for there to not be a need for austerity , that the public debt mandated it and that its alternative will have much more severe consequences ( and , again , was there a control in the public spending in the first place , austerity would n't now be required ) . 
   greece needs to either default and exit the euro immediately or actually get helped by the eurozone instead of `` helped '' in the form of `` bailouts '' . 
  the longer they stay in this course the worse any outcome will be for them . 
  a default and exit of the euro ? 
  that 's insanity , that would be the coup de gr\u00e2ce for them !, 
  they 're not dead yet , do n't try to contain them and throw them under the bus !, 
  not only would them be in a much worse situation that they 're in now , we 'd also suffer directly from it . 
  all the european economies are interconnected , you really do n't want a domino effect now . 
   or actually get helped by the eurozone instead of `` helped '' in the form of `` bailouts '' . 
  there 's political reasons behind this . 
  you 're right , a simple `` you 're forgiven of your debt '' would end this but what 's preventing this from happening again ? 
  the structural changes need to happen , there needs to be barriers against the runaway public deficits , that 's the main goal of these interventions - not to raise the gdp , not to preserve the life quality , no - simply to prevent this spiral of events that happen when the spending is excessive and it 's weight on the rest of the economy just proves too much . 
  this is more complicated than it sounds , on the one hand , the average greek does n't any blame in the situation he 's in and he 's the one that has to pay for it , on the other hand , the average not-greek also is n't to blame for any of this and should n't be expected to continue to pay for greece 's mismanagements . 
   yes , but we have no wine production !, 
  i do n't want to pay for other people , or our politicians getting drunk . 
  poor swede who lives in a country where the government has a monopoly on alcohol . 
  if i was swedish , i 'd already have emigrated to portugal . 
  xd  i want my share !, 
  free wine for sweden !, 
  in all seriousness now , you can do this . 
  i guess all you 'd need to do is to open up a vineyard and apply , though perhaps growing grapes in sweden might be a cold thing to do . 
   we must forge our own future , take care of ourselves , and while we should remain friendly with ~ ~ the us ~ ~ * the rest of the world * and of course they will always be important , and i suspect if it comes to it in any global sense we will still stand by side , in this century the eu must learn to take care of itself in every way . 
  there , ftfy , the us deserves no special treatment . 
   i do n't think our future is in the us . 
  it 's elsewhere . 
  elsewhere ? 
  europe has a name , you know ? 
   as it is now , 2 % of eu 's budget goes to wine production . 
  you say that as if being drunk is a bad thing . 
   i did n't pull the multiplier out of my arse , i based it on the interval between 0.9 and 1.7 given by the imf not long ago . 
  yet even them imf said that they miscalculated its effects . 
  these multipliers make absolute sense in macroeconomics but accurately predicting them in real life , that 's can be an issue . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible , but it 's econometrics , and it 's very difficult to accurately predict because of the sheer number of exogenous variables that simply ca n't be predicted in the models . 
  heck , even a multiplier of 0.9 is nothing like a multiplier of 1.7 , that variation is immense , that 's an huge error margin . 
   as for the taxes , they will not be lowered at all with or without these measures . 
  yep , you 're most probably right . 
  which is unfortunate , cutting spending but also increasing the tax rates in order to downsize the size of the government is counter-productive . 
  sure , in the short-term , it does increase it 's revenue , but on the long run , it makes the economy much more uncompetitive , and the worse an economy performs , the less a government can tax . 
   if anything , with these measures , they will probably have to rise to compensate the loss in revenues from the total freeze in economic activity that comes when all your population expects things to get worse and worse . 
  again , you 're right , but if the alternative of cutting spending is spending , that 's also not viable , it was spending that got them in this situation in the first place . 
  the problem of the ` government should spend to expand the economy ' in this situation is quite simple , the government is already buried in debt and nothing guarantees an increase in spending will generate growth ( not only this was n't happening in the past as a lot of that spending went to waste , now the situation in greece is quite volatile and you can very well be in a liquidity trap ) . 
  it 's all about mix between tax rates , gdp and public spending . 
  if you ca n't cut public spending , you ca n't raise public spending and the economy wo n't grow no matter what , the public debt problem will never be fixed . 
   to me this is simple math , a multiplier bigger than 1 shows austerity is self defeating , while a multiplier smaller than 1 would show it works , but maybe i 'm misunderstanding something as this is not my field . 
  i 'm also no expert in this , trust me , but with regards to the multipliers of public spending , you also have to consider the opportunity cost which is to not tax the income the state is spending in the first place . 
  even if there was a multiplier of 5 by every $ the state injected in the economy , if there was the alternative of not taxing in the first place ( which in itself would avoid a negative multiplier but this is simply and example ) and the multiplier of the private sector was of 6 $ by every extra $ it kept , this would be a situation where even though the multiplier is great at first glance , it 's actual inefficient when compared to the best alternative which in this example was to not tax in the first place . 
   that 's politically not a very smart move , if romney wins ... 
  if romney wins , it wo n't be good for eu-us politics . 
  though , to be fair , [ their foreign policy only differs in the colour of their ties ] ( http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/tue-october-23-2012/democalypse-2012---we-missed-nlcs-game-7-for-this ) . 
   the most hardcore of us will stay up and watch stewart/colbert live . 
   i 'd probably do that if i did n't have a life of my own . 
   nothing like blowing up funny looking people with strange accents and weird customs to stir up some patriotism . 
  that usually is more effective when it 's the funny looking people with strange accents that attack you first . 
  when done the other way around , it just makes the invaders look like armed madmen . 
   the fuck did i just read . 
  accurate statements by kevinuxbridge and not retarded opinions by 38b0de . 
   so using a 1.5 multiplier dude , believe me , multipliers are n't something you can pull out of your arse . 
  sure , they 're there , but they do n't work like that . 
  while your reasoning is accurate , do keep in mind that there are no free lunches . 
  while cutting public spending has negative effects in the gdp , the taxation required for the public spending in the first place also has negative effects in the product . 
  the solution to the public debt problem can come from reduced public spending or the same public spending but with a stronger economy . 
  and , with regards to greece , the economy growing soon is improbable considering that their state is broke and it 's currently a very unattractive place to invest in , that 's why they 're first cutting spending and only later worrying with the growth of the economy - because while cutting spending is sure to reduce the public debt , increased government spending stimulating the economy is much more uncertain . 
   for 30 years 90 % of the country voted for non-communists [ not you though . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zwolb/saturday_15th_portugal_teeters_on_the_brink/#c68hrbe ), 
  old as fuck and neither funny nor factual . 
   will the people greece come up with a solution themself or has the solution to come from the outside ? 
  if the solution comes from the outside will the people of greece accept it ? 
  yeah , i do n't think they 'd be willing to accept a solution imposed on them from the outside . 
  even if they ca n't choose for themselves , we ca n't choose for them . 
   that shit 's got ta go . 
  along with every other offshore business in the world . 
  firstly , you ca n't violate the sovereignty of other nations by being on control of their tax rates just because it makes the policies here at home ineffective . 
  secondly , good luck with that . 
  closing every offshore business in the world ? 
  sure , it sounds nice , but it 's also impossible . 
   how can this kind of abhorrent behavior be in practice inside a monetary/economic union . 
  switzerland is n't within the eu . 
   it 's proof we are ruled by corrupted idiots with no interest in the future of the eu project . 
  they fold completely before lobbies . 
  `` what ? 
  there still problems to be fixed ? 
  fucking corrupt idiots and lobbyists ! '', 
   and do n't get me talking about those mega-filthy-rich-slave-owning-child-labor-corporations that pay 2 or 3 % taxes while every other entrepreneur pays at least 30 % . 
  those mega-filthy-rich-slave-owning-child-labor-corporations would n't exist if not for their customers . 
  i do agree that the loopholes should be solved so that the we levelled the playing field and reduced unfair competition that 's based around tax loopholes and not about the productivity of a business . 
  what can we do to fix this , ban dictatorship ? 
  i preferred the film `` from russia with love '' . 
   the democratic party needs to split so that the republican party wins every time ? 
   yeah , it 's silly . 
  at least we do n't have a russian peoples party ... you do n't need to , you 're already russia 's bitch . 
   the real sweden is very diverse i guess you could say all real swedish are very diverse . 
  requesting the video of the girl simulating said orgasm , thanks in advance . 
   do you know what refrigeration costs ? 
  i know it costs less than 44 % of the eu budget at full time . 
   ye are a lovely bunch of lads go home , irish , you 're drunk .
