  or rich french/portuguese/wtv in general ? 
  i certainly do n't know what would be the fairest but it certainly would n't be to place such a disproportional burden on the few who are wealthy . 
  a 75 % tax rate , regardless of your income , certainly does n't seem fair to me , i 'll tell you that much . 
  i would n't worry so much about the money they do have , rich people are n't some weird kind , they do n't take their money with them to the grave . 
   hurr durr you support taxes ? 
  you parasite hurr durr . 
  i 'm talking about these 75 % taxes , which you seem to support . 
  if you tax at a fair rate and tell me `` it 's to pay for the public lighting , it 's to pay for the policemen and the firemen , it 's to pay for the education and the healthcare of everyone , it 's to keep the courts running and the roads free '' , sure , i support those taxes , everyone does , it 's paying to get something in return , just like i pay the baker when i buy bread . 
  who 'd ever not want this ? 
  however , if you tax some much more than others , you do n't disclose anything about where you 'll spend all the money and instead make demands and empty threats , accusing those who do n't want to pay such absurd values like 75 % of unpatriotic and greedy , then i 'm sorry but you 're wrong , i fully reject this . 
  why should a person work to see the product of his labour taken away by the government and then come to find out that his hard earned money which he never got to enjoy was instead spent on useless submarines or airfields in the middle of nothing or subsidies to breast implants surgeries or football stadiums for a single event or on new top-of-the-line cars for the deputies of the assembly of the republic or on higher wages for the directors of state-run companies like the tv or national airline company ( all these examples of public mismanagement of money that happened here in portugal ) then i wonder , how could anyone ever support these massive taxes ? 
  it 's for more of this shit that the people who actually work have to suck it up and continue to work the same for less and less ? 
  why do n't we first focus on minimising the already massive spending and , once the waste is contained , do increase taxes if we really have to in order to keep the state running ? 
   why pay 50 % , when i can pay 0 % . 
  if you can find a country which is safe to store your money and that can work properly without taxing you at all , great . 
  i 'd move there if such a place existed . 
   i do n't want to support those `` unaccountable government bureaucrats '' . 
  no , what you want is to live at the expense of others , it 's why you support massive taxes for everyone else who 's wealthier than you are . 
   because you keep giving me these ` great liberal capitalist ideals ' , but where were they all implemented and were successful ? 
  [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita ) 's a list , remove the top countries which produce oil and you 'll see that the more they focus on the free market , the wealthier and more successful they are . 
   but on regulated markets the prices are always lower what ? 
  are you saying that for example tap and rtp provide the same service as ryanair or tvi but cost less to run ? 
  lol !, 
   yes let 's become the china of europe , congratulations you managed to be as radical as our finance minister . 
  how is not having a legal minimum wage gon na make companies pay better ? 
  are you living in the moon ? 
  [ germany does n't have a minimum wage like we do . 
  nor does austria . 
  nor does denmark . 
  nor does sweden . 
  nor does finland . 
  ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-qa-09-029/en/ks-qa-09-029-en.pdf ) yet all these countries are in a much better situation than we are . 
  [ here , watch this small video by milton friedman about the minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ) . 
   again it 's easier than ever to fire someone . 
  no , it 's not , it 's still harder to fire 5 workers than it is to shut down a plant , it 's no coincidence that here companies just suddenly close doors without giving any signs of warning . 
  companies have to pay massive subsidies to employees and they need a reason to fire people , which is all fine and dandy from a social perspective but from a business perspective it makes it very hard to fire people meaning companies are much more cautious when hiring and that older workers who might even no longer do their work properly are n't fired because it would cost the company a lot of money to fire old timers whereas they have a much easier time in firing younger people who are working there for less time simply because even though they might be more productive , the company does n't have to pay as much in benefits to young workers . 
   again tell me where on the world there 's no minimum wage and companies are just as generous they pay very well ?!, 
  what ? 
  even in portugal , if the minimum wage is 470 $ * 14 and you 're paid , for example , 800 $ , if the minimum wage were to be abolished , you 'd receive just the same . 
  it 's only a minimum , it does n't actually bring the wage rates up . 
  regardless , the pdf i posted a few paragraphs back has several examples within the eu itself . 
   someone will always be desperate enough to accept a very low offer , because they have to eat , pay house , etc , so this argument is very naive . 
  so you 're saying to desperate people `` we know you 're desperate for money but we ca n't let you work for less than 470 $ * 14 , you 'll have to get by being unemployed '' , which is insane , if you 're actually trying to help people , then you 're doing it all wrong , unemployment is n't a better choice than a relatively low wage !, 
   what i 'm saying is completely unregulated capitalist added to a monopolized system like in our country is n't gon na help anyone but the administrators of the winning companies . 
  the monopolies we have are the state-run ones . 
  if you deregulated and allowed them to compete against the private sector , i 'm sure a lot of other companies would show up - a good example of this were the tvs , back in the days there was only rtp but now the market has been slightly deregulated and the state-monopoly is over . 
  race to the bottom . 
  yeah , fucking rich people who do n't want to pay 75 % of their wealth to unaccountable government bureaucrats , the government ought to take away their passports and force them to pay 100 % of their taxes !, 
  toot , toot , the only thing avoiding a race to the top is this shit . 
   that or be like jk rowling who says she wants her kids to grow up in the same great britain that she grew up in . 
  you know , a patriot . 
  the same jk rowling that gave birth to her own daughter in portugal ? 
  lol oh , and [ patriotism is still moronic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aof2s.jpg ) . 
   that 's true . 
  most rich people made their money by clipping coupons and making sure all the lights were off when people left the room !, 
  / s they certainly did n't get rich by paying 75 % in taxes when they could just as well pay 40 % . 
   and ... ...   do the british people care ? 
  i do n't know , you have to ask that to the british people . 
  though their democratically elected governments certainly agreed to this and continue to back the eu . 
   i wonder what that stunt will do to his popularity , and whether it 's going to be a net win for him . 
  you 're right , fuck him for not wanting to avoid those massive taxes , i 'll be boycotting his films from now on !, 
  lol !, 
  what was the highest top tax rate in the us at some point in time ? 
  ( under eisenhower ... a republican , no less . ), 
  yeah , after ww2 when they were the only superpower and everyone else had their economy laid to waste , it 's not like people could avoid paying those taxes . 
  and it was serious , marshall plan , new deal and all the debt they accumulated during the war did were a massive burden on them . 
  trying to compare that to nowadays where there 's no war , were they could so easily deposit their money elsewhere and where the justification for these insane rates is simply `` muh inefficient welfare state '' , well , you 'd have to be a moron to stick around if the state decided to tax you at 75 % or 91 % or whatever . 
   maybe it 's just me , but for me , i ca n't wait till i earn enough money that i get hit with a stupid ridiculous tax rate . 
  you know why ? 
  because i 'll still be making shitloads of money . 
  with that mentality , where you think it 's ok to not minimise your expenses , you 'll never ever be rich . 
  they did n't got to where they are now by going `` i know i 'm wasting money that i could be saving but fuck it , i already have plenty '' . 
   his taxes probably do n't benefit him directly as much as he 'd like , but they go to maintaining roads , and making sure people do n't starve on the streets and , gosh , might even have enough to go to the cinema from time to time . 
   there 's some of it that even goes to keeping small cinemas in some towns open , really !, 
  all this was already accomplished with the former tax rates , now that the french are taxing the rich at 75 % if i 'm not mistaken , you 'd have to be pretty stupid to remain and pay such insane taxes . 
  sure , it 's easy for the rest of us to criticise , but i 'm sure a lot of you hypocrites would do just the same if the state asked you to pay 75 % of your income to them . 
   also , unless i 'm mistaken , he was n't born on a pile of cash , so someone had to pay taxes for the maternity where he was born , for the state education he received ( until he left at 13 , no harm there , loads of people did the same thing ) . 
  the people who paid their taxes in the 60 's did n't get their money 's worth back directly either , but he was helped through their contribution to the system . 
  `` depardieu said that over 45 years of working and running businesses in france he had paid 145 million euros to state coffers . '', 
  he has more than paid back his fair share , congrats to france for slaying the chicken that laid the golden eggs . 
   today he is in the lucky position of being part of that 1 in a million club of people who have really made it . 
  but apparently , the system is for lesser mortals . 
  yeah , hate on him for being rational and trying to avoid a legalised robbery by the state . 
  i 'd like to see you having that same speech if the state decided to tax you at the same rate it wants to tax him . 
   `` i find it quite pathetic , '' ayrault had said . 
  `` everyone loves him as an artist but paying your taxes is an act of solidarity and patriotism . '', 
  are socialists really this stupid ? 
  you forgot [ caldo verde ] ( http://i.imgur.com/beqje.jpg ) , which is definitely the best . 
  i eat lunch mostly at 13h00 but it can go from noon till 14h15 , it depends a lot on the schedule . 
   and everyone has one in the morning and one after lunch . 
  i do n't . 
  in fact , i do n't even drink coffee . 
  call me an heretic but i personally find tea to be much better . 
   so the next question is do you have a full overview of the complete production chain for all those products ? 
  if it says `` made in china '' or `` made in indonesia '' then one ca n't plead ignorance , it 's well known how the labour laws are in these countries and the moment you buy something knowing full well under the conditions it was made , you ca n't excuse yourself saying you did n't know . 
  do n't be like those hypocrites who sometimes do cocaine and then say the government ought to do more against the drug cartels - if you buy , you 're part of the problem . 
   do you even have an overview of the production chains for the products you regularly buy ? 
  are you sure the information you do have about the products you buy and their production chain is accurate ( its not reasonable to expect producers to advertice negative aspects of their product ) ? 
  that is already regulated , the producers ca n't lie to the consumers about their products . 
  if you buy an ipod or something like that even thought it 's on the news how they treat the workers who make these in south-east asia , then do n't say `` oh , i did n't know '' , you know full well , it 's your fault and the fault of the rest of the buyers - i can guarantee you that if nobody bought these because of how they were made , then this situation would stop overnight as nobody would benefit from this .
