   is there such a thing ? 
  american politics is a serious circus . 
   us defence spending ? 
  :p i 've been told by americans that all the money they spend on it is worth it , those drones and gunships gunning down civilians in faraway places is entertaining , or so i 've been told . 
   for what it 's worth , i will write to hollande to say i support a move to brussels , and ask him what he intends to do about it . 
  i really wish for him to be reasonable about this , if you ever get a reply , please create a self post here on r/europe please . 
   though i do n't know , if you even get a reply , it will probably be him saying how important strasbourg is and how everybody wasting money there is n't bad for him . 
   what you 're suggesting is essentially paying ransom to france in order to stop them wasting eu money by other means . 
  it 's still a less shitty option than the uk leaving the eu . 
   `` if france gives up strasbourg we give up 10 % of the thatcher rebate '' why should they give up on the free market ideals ? 
  it was those ideals that were at the foundation of the eu in the first place !, 
   better financial regulation ( that earns this name ) for lower agrarian subsidies . 
  better yet , no agricultural subsidies , the french are free to cave in to their agricultural lobby and subsidise all the farmers they want on their own account , the eu should be about a free market !, 
   it seems to me as an englishman that france is really the most stubborn and uncooperative member of the eu . 
  from the cap to strasbourg to its nationalized energy industry which dominates my own country france has been manipulating the eu to its financial advantage or just for a little bit of dick waving . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  please do n't leave the eu or else france will eat us alive and drag us all down , we all need you to keep them in check . . please uk ? 
   tax us imports to the hilt fuck that shit , why should the eu consumers pay for the american protectionism ? 
  even better , let 's lower the tariffs altogether , specially in the sectors they subsidise ( corn would be lovely ) so that they spend their taxpayers money in offering us cheap corn !, 
   [ louisa gouliamaki 's image draws our attention to the plight of the greek people ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2013/2/6/1360154060220/people-reach-out-reach-ou-008.jpg ) people wanting a good deal ( free oranges ) is bad now ? 
  how about this : [ a youtube video draws our attention to the plight of the american people ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=digiws1yhxi ), 
   they had a lot of property confiscated throughout eastern europe by the communists . 
  now i feel there was n't enough done . 
  that 's like saying you 're happy that a thief got robbed . 
  no , they should all be brought to justice . 
   and how are you going to do that if all the farmers in your country will be left without jobs as all shopping centres will be importing food from abroad ? 
  that does n't sound like the best option for our people . 
  on the long run , that is the best option . 
   as i 've already said , i 'm not talking about big corporations . 
  i 'm talking about smaller farmers , family farms and all that . 
  these have always existed and will continue to exist . 
   ok then , let 's take us mobile phone market . 
  they pay a shitload of money , yet it 's supposedly a free market that anyone can enter , right ? 
  i do n't know about it , if everybody is allowed to operate , then yes , it 's a free market , only the most competitive businesses will thrive . 
   not so long ago prices for international calls in eu were insane . 
  thankfully , the governments stepped in and put caps on those prices . 
  how is that bad ? 
  that in itself is not bad , what 's bad was the cost of that . 
  what do you think is paying for those more expensive calls now ? 
  someone has to pay for those , if the market is n't allowed to operate freely and the companies are forced that extra expense then it has to be paid either by the shareholders who will have less capital to invest or by the worker will have a lower wage or by the consumer who will overall have to pay more for the service . 
  there ai n't no such thing as a free lunch , for some people to benefit , others have to bear the cost - in that case , it 's clear that people who make international calls benefited and the cost of that is now supported by everyone and is therefore diffused , but do n't you ever think this was an improvement made at nobody 's expense , that with the government regulation , there was an increase in the overall living standard . 
   they protest because that 's the only way for them to be heard . 
  they ca n't go with lobbying as they ca n't afford any of that . 
  they have zero say in all those legislations and in politics . 
  they block the roads because then the news cover them and they get some exposure . 
  you 're right , they 're lobbying , just like every other special interest group . 
  their influence separately might be insignificant but when they organise like that it most certainly is n't , they swing the opinion of a lot of people and politicians who then act in their benefit and at the expense of everybody else . 
   so should we stop all government payouts ? 
  all benefits for the jobless , all funding for school programs , road constructions , everything ? 
  it ca n't be done like that , all changes must be done incrementally and not in one go . 
  and i 'm only talking about agricultural subsidies - welfare , education and public constructions are an wholly different subject . 
   ... what ? 
  no , there are two ways to increase profits : you either increase quality ( costs rise too ) or reduce costs ( quality drops but sales rise ) . 
  you really need to at least learn the basics of adam smith : s  no businessman is working as a good samaritan whose only goal is to benefit the society . 
  and who are these angels and good samaritans who will organise society for us ? 
   that 's why they 're called businessmen , they work for profit . 
  if a cheap , shitty product makes more money , then that 's what they will go with . 
  you 're right , if that 's what people choose to buy , then that 's what should be produced . 
   also , please stop posting 30 year old crap videos from `` strawman and not a free market '' country , they are not relevant to our current situation . 
  he 's talking specifically about us and not eu . 
  there is a big difference . 
  oh , i really wanted to show you [ another one of his videos , talking exactly about those issues you 're just mentioning of the effects of those measures of subsidies , protectionism and other governmental action done in the name of the greater good ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjwlt1tmay4 ) . 
  still , i 'll leave the link because you might just watch it and it might change your opinion like it changed mine , 
   yea , like poland with their disease-ridden cows , rat poison-filled candy and beef burgers which are actually made from horses . 
  poland is within the eu and receives money from cap . 
   protectionist measures are not for fun either , we need to secure our own businesses first , before giving away all the money to someone else . 
  it 's better for everyone ( except poland ) if the money stays in the country . 
  what are you going on about poland ? 
  and no , we do n't need to secure our businesses first , we need to secure the best living standard for our people and that is done with complete free trade . 
   no , those industries are already profitable . 
  farmers , on the other hand , would simply go bankrupt without subsidies . 
  how do you explain the big farming corporations then ? 
  are they not profitable ? 
   oh , if only it was that simple ... you seem to like us , so let 's look at american health care . 
  free market , right ? 
  yet a simple broken hand can cost as much as $ 2000 . 
  if there 's a demand for cheaper services , then why is there no supply ? 
  the us healthcare is a strawman and not a free market . 
  what are you trying to imply , that consumers do n't want cheaper products and will act irrationally ? 
   you see , the problem is that people are interested in supplying it , but they ca n't . 
  with the current prices ( 14 cent/kg ) it 's almost not profitable to make food . 
  without subsidies it would be downright stupid to try and grow potatoes . 
  nonsense , that 's not for you to decide , food production came ages before government subsidies , it comes from time immemorial , that we 'd run out of food if not for the government subsidies is outright wrong , as demonstrated by every single piece of evidence . 
   lobbying is illegal here , in case you did n't know . 
  [ it is n't ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lobbying#european_union ) . 
   even if it was , i still do n't see how would it be relevant , the video is about big businesses ( like oil industry ) , not the small guy ( the farmer driving a tractor ) . 
  you must have watched a different video then , he clearly talks about special interest such as big business ( like the oil industry ) , small business ( like the farmer ) and other groups like labour unions . 
   there is no power when you 're a farmer , dude 's crazy . 
  there is n't ? 
  are you insane ? 
  then what about their protests ? 
  if they were powerless , why do all politicians cave in to their demands ? 
   wait , i thought this thread was about reducing subsidies to farmers , not to large corporations ? 
  it 's about reducing all subsidies , as if they 're there , they 're inevitably end up going for the wrong people ( this not to mention how highly inefficient they are - putting all taxpayers pay for the uncompetitiveness of some farmers ) . 
   a completely free-market system with no government intervention would lead to horrible quality , sky-high prices and lots of cartel deals . 
  those things you just mentioned only occur in markets closed to competition and that are heavily influenced by the government . 
   they 're not thinking about their customers and how to make them nice and comfy . 
  they 're thinking about profits . 
  so who 's going to think about how nice and comfy you are ? 
  the legislator , the politician and the bureaucrat ?
