  in addition , people making substantially more than $ 7.25 were also fairly positive towards the increase . 
  which group was the most opposed ? 
  those making just above the minimum wage , between $ 7.26 and $ 8.25 . 
  we might expect people who make just below and just above $ 7.25 to have similar lifestyles and policy attitudes -- but in this case , while those making below $ 7.25 would benefit if the minimum wage were raised to , say , $ 8.25 , those making just above $ 7.25 would run the risk of falling into a tie for last place . 
  this is absolutely ludicrous , it assumes the minimum wage increases wages and not unemployment . 
  those who make less than 7.25 $ / hour would continue to remain unemployable if the minimum wage were to be raised and probably have been duped into thinking it would actually help them . 
  the people making just above 7.25 $ / hour would obviously oppose any such change because they know they 'd either have to do something else to make up for their higher wage or they 'd lose their employment . 
  people making way more than 7.25 $ / hour would be unaffected by any such change as they wage is much more than the minimum wage rate . 
  this is not psychology nor is it a paradox , it 's wage and price controls and who benefits and who loses from it . 
  [ milton friedman on the minimum wage ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ), 
   of course you endorse it , you are deregulating wages which essentially supports those who wish to belittle their hard working staff by paying them an immoral and unlivable wage . 
  `` so you 're against the war on drugs ? 
  i bet you endorse addiction , you are deregulating the drug market which essentially makes drugs cheaper allowing people to get trapped in a cycle of vice , crime and violence . '', 
  see how absolutely ludicrous your argument is ? 
   i ca n't see this discussion coming to an end any time soon . 
  i 'm done . 
  of course you 're done , you ca n't handle a proper discussion , you ca n't stand the idea that you might be wrong , that would go against your preconceived world view , i bet that 's uncomfortable . 
  so if you 're not willing to talk and listen to evidence and rather cling yo your beliefs and your ideology , do piss off then . 
   so essentially what you are saying is that you have no problem with business owners paying their staff a wage that they ca n't live off . 
  just wanted to make sure i understood you correctly . 
  just because i think it should be legal does n't mean i endorse it . 
  what 's next , just because i do n't support drug prohibition it means that i want everybody to try hard drugs ? 
   ultimately , what do you propose ? 
  that businesses should be allowed to pay their employees 5 euro an hour ? 
  3 euro an hour , 2 euro an hour ? 
  yup , it should be allowed , let employers and employees decide on their own . 
   an increased minimum wage kicks the economy up a gear due to the increased levels of income available to spend , which in turn creates demand . 
  there 's no such thing as a free lunch , an increase in consumption means a decrease in investment , aka the gdp stays the same . 
  which has nothing to do with the minimum wage which is a price control , it only increases structural unemployment , you could raise the portuguese minimum wage from 565 $ / month to 800 $ or 1000 $ and the gdp would not increase , you 'd only have higher unemployment . 
   suggesting that countries like greece and spain have high unemployment rates due to the fact that there is a minimum wage policy in place is illogical . 
  italy also has quite a high unemployment rate , yet does n't have a minimum wage . 
  that 's akin to saying `` lorries have wheels - my bike has wheels so my bike is a lorry '' . 
  there 's plenty more reasons that account for unemployment other than wage controls , though you have to be blinded by ideology not to see that it also has its impact . 
   then why are they strictly opposing the `` livable wage '' bill ? 
  that does n't come across as a company who is `` trying to raise the minimum wage '' . 
  it 's late again so i 'll just leave [ another quick video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pvjle3w22k ) . 
   i do n't subscribe to the idea from libertarians , that a minimum wage causes unemployment . 
  it 's not a libertarian idea , it 's what economists say , it acts as a price floor . 
   the minimum wage is there to protect individuals and to prevent a member of society falling below the poverty threshold . 
  it is a safety net below which no member of society should fall . 
  yet it actually makes it more difficult for people under that poverty threshold from getting out of it . 
  [ here 's a good case against the minimum wage by milton friedman ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca8z__o52sk ) . 
   to me , the idea that the higher you set the minimum wage `` the harder it will be for low skilled workers to get a job legally '' is ludicrous . 
  well , it 's simple supply and demand , the higher the price of something , the less people will want of it - if you increase the price of labour , there will be less demand for it . 
  just like a minimum price of 1 $ per bread would make people consume less of it , a minimum wage of 1000 $ would make companies less willing to hire people , and they 'd never hire at a loss if said worker for whatever reason could n't turn a profit of at least 1000 $ for the company . 
   as for the video , the idea that leaving wages to the business owners would maintain a fair working environment is off-putting . 
  then who should control wages ? 
  elected bureaucrats in some public office that are accountable to you and not the people who put money in their pockets ? 
   we would develop a society in which the elite would continue to make more and more money to the detriment of the middle and lower class . 
  what elite ? 
  the one who starts its own business ? 
  because big companies already have more leeway in whom they 're able to hire , it 's small business owners the ones who are more affected in their choices of whom to hire . 
   we would have more and more businesses adopting a walmart style pay system oddly enough , walmart is trying to raise the us minimum wage . 
  not because they 're that philanthropist but because their workers are already over the threshold they want to impose whereas walmart 's competitors are not . 
   because the business refuses to give up a significantly small percentage of their profit ( 30billion in the case of walmart ) so that their staff can make a liveable wage . 
  seems to me the problem here is the lack of competition , not the lack of regulation . 
   i 'm happy with the system we have . 
  greece and spain both have youth unemployment rates over 50 % . 
  portugal is reaching those levels . 
  compared to for example germany or singapore where there 's no minimum wage , unemployment is much much lower and on average everybody earns much more . 
  what a lovely system indeed . 
   that 's quite a biased channel in fairness . 
  they obviously subscribe to the libertarian philosophy . 
  did they make a good argument or not ? 
  and what about being libertarian ? 
   low skilled jobs are always going to be there whether the minimum wage is set at 5 euro or 9 euro . 
  not really , the higher you set it , the harder it will be for low skilled workers to get a job legally . 
  since it 's getting late , i 'll just post [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct1moeaa-w8 ) which explains the issue fairly straightforward . 
   i would attribute that to our high minimum wage that 's absolute nonsense , the minimum wage is a factor weighing against immigration , it only makes it harder for low skilled workers to get employment legally . 
   those would be excellent in teaching on how to infiltrate demonstrators , provoke for a violent response and then how to beat up old ladies and small children . 
  [ video of that incident ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nbe26mexoe ) . 
  it was the most appropriate response given the circumstances . 
  they were thrown rocks for hours and hours and did nothing and then twice gave the order for everybody to leave the premises because they were going to charge , those who stayed knew what they were getting into . 
   in countries with romanic languages ( france , spain , italy , ... ) as well as eastern europe knowledge of english is not so good . 
  it 's still better than other foreign languages . 
   the countries go in alphabetical order north-to-south , so you can remember it that way . 
  i used to remember them as estonia being the one trying to be nordic so it makes sense that it 's the northernmost of the lot and there was once the polish-lithuanian commonwealth so lithuania is the one in the south that borders poland , but your technique to remember them is more clever :p, 
  93 % in 4:54 , damn , i hate them not being in scale and i messed up azerbaijan , georgia and armenia . 
  100 % in 1:07 , damn micro-states are hard to click on a timely fashion . 
   what if i make a joke ? 
  or a movie ? 
  who decides if it 's an insult ? 
  fuck these laws . 
  you can always call our president a clown , i 'm sure he 'd be ok with it . 
   how do these people manage politics when they seem the type that ca n't even tie their own shoes ? 
  they do n't need to know how to [ tie their own shoes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xdmgdfe.jpg ) . 
   there 's a `` too soon '' for jokes [ apita o comboio , l\u00e1 vai a apitar . . ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjs8fnhh3ik ), 
   edit : that video wo n't load for me either but perhaps others can try . 
  yup , it 's the same video . 
  [ liveleak mirror ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=bca_1374749009 ), 
   this video has been removed as a violation of youtube 's policy on shocking and disgusting content . 
  was it [ this video ] ( http://sicnoticias.sapo.pt/mundo/2013/07/25/imagens-do-momento-do-acidente-na-galiza-comboio-circulava-a-190-kmhora ) ? 
   the gays deserved to get attacked . 
   considering i 'm going to be interrailing europe for the next month or so ... fuck . 
  trains are still statistically the safest means of transportation . 
   if you have no privacy , even if you seem to live in a free society , you are not free anymore . 
  even if what you 're doing now is lawful , what 's stopping a future evil government from taking over and retroactively persecute you for doing stuff in the past that goes against their stupid dogmas . 
  it 's not just that , for example the dutch government used to keep record of its citizens ' religious beliefs and it was all pretty harmless till they were occupied by nazi germany who then used that info to much more easily round up the jews . 
   until we have a single tax system in the eu we wo n't have a true single market in that sense . 
  the effect of that wo n't be of lowering the rates but of increasing them all over .
