  if china sells cheap , great , we 'll buy from them and specialise on something else . 
  it 's the principle of comparative advantages at work . 
   the lack of `` competition '' you 're referring to comes from the fact that china is playing unfair ( lack of environment laws , working conditions , wages , etc. ), 
  that harms them far more than it harms us . 
  they 're the ones who have all the costs and we 're the ones benefiting from their cheap products . 
   if we want to compete with them we have to get down on their level or bring them to our level . 
  nonsense , we can and should continue doing what we 're doing of competing on our own level and letting them do their thing of working for so little while we reap all the benefits . 
   and i 'm asking you again : who is to judge what `` presents a danger to society '' ? 
  santa , whom else ? 
  legislators ? 
   such rules are by definition `` non-tariff barriers to trade '' and in many place a popular tool to keep foreign competitors out , ask japan 's car manufacturers . 
  in other cases they were put in place for good reasons . 
  but who should be the judge ? 
  i do n't see how this can be an issue , here 's a chart : * may present danger to society - not allowed * does n't present danger to society - allowed this is n't a trade barrier , it 's the rule of law . 
   you can have it and the oil !, 
  but you have to keep all the people . 
  sure , they seem harmless at first but try living with them !, 
  harmless ? 
  i 'd rather use the term [ simple-minded ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i7j1l.jpg ) . 
  though the oil money would be more than enough to cover for a proper education for whole of them . 
   not the chinese , the cpc and all the horrific bullshit they have , and are , inflicting upon 1 and a bit billion people . 
  you 're right , their system is awful . 
  though it 's their system , not ours , it 's up for the chinese to change it , not us . 
  if history has taught us anything is that by imposing restrictions on those countries , we are not rallying their population against their leaders , on the contrary , we 're allowing for the situation to persist where most of the people are in awful conditions and do n't even have a chance in improving their life quality . 
   chinese government is making the rmb cheap , means that china would import less and export more , not good for the eu economy . 
  what about the right mouse button ? 
  xd ok , now more seriously , if they devalue their currency , it 's at their expense , it 's them working for less , why should we care . 
  it 's like you refusing to take the neighbour 's tv for 10 $ because you work at a led factory and the tvs here cost some 100 $ . 
  let them devalue all their want , we consumers will benefit massively and our industries will just have to adapt and move on to something the chinese still are n't as competitive . 
  if they choose to import less and export more , great for us , we 'll be able to afford much more for the same as their products will become much more cheap here !, 
   because fuck keeping your currency artificially low it 's our choice if we want to accept it or not . 
   inhuman working conditions you 're absolutely right here , though we banning chinese products wo n't help much in that regard , will it ? 
  no , it will only help in keeping them in those conditions , if we want to help them then we first have to get them out of poverty so that they can sustain on their own and wo n't have to work in the conditions they do just to survive . 
   unfair trade practices it wo n't protectionism that will shift them away from this . 
   it means that a company that is making a certain product with a certain efficiency will have less profit that the same company in the other country . 
  that is true . 
  though that will be their problem , it will be their consumers which will have to pay more for the same product . 
   thus , if that money is reinvested in improving the product , the company in the country with higher tariffs will improve it 's product and put out of business the other company . 
  no , you 're oversimplifying things , we 're talking international trade here , for example , if canada sets high tariffs on spanish textiles , you 'll just export to mexico or chile or turkey or whatever it might be . 
  sure , it will hurt the productivity of some spanish companies but it will definitely hurt more the canadian consumers . 
  it 's definitely no reason at all for us to do the same , if we did , we would be doing the same stupid protectionist shit they were doing . 
   are you going to allow any food additive just because country x says it 's ok ? 
  abolish all safety standards for cars , electrical devices ? 
  i 'd rather not . 
  you must be confusing trade restrictions with safety standards . 
  for example , if assault rifles or cocaine are banned here , then it 's not a trade restriction against the usa or colombia , it 's simply a safety standard . 
  the same applies with what you mentioned with regards food additives or car safety . 
  but that should be obvious , if you want to export , you first must make sure your product is lawful by the other country 's standards . 
  it is n't a trade restriction if everybody has to abide by the same rules and laws . 
   as long as we 're encouraging people away from china , i wo n't complain . 
  because fuck the chinese , right ? 
   but but but the uk eurosceptics act as if the eu ca n't negotiate ftas !, 
  how is this possible ?!, 
  there 's still protectionism within the eu , they still present some very valid concerns . 
   the tariff for importing maple syrup from canada into the eu is currently 8 % , so it 's not going to be much cheaper . 
   that 's 8pp higher than what it should be , to be honest . 
   most trade barriers are non-tariff trade barriers . 
  then we should also be working to abolish those . 
  again , there 's no need for these treaties and pacts , we can simply liberalise the market and remove trade barriers - if others do n't follow , it will be their loss . 
   yeah , but if you do that you want the other part to do the same with your products , and to put the same tariffs on third countries ( or state that products from third countries have a specific tariff , or ... ) , it 's not that easy . 
  i do n't get it , we benefit from the lack of tariffs abroad as we can then export more and we benefit from the lack of tariffs here because it makes products cheaper . 
  if some other country wants to raise tariffs , let them , they 'll mostly be hurting themselves as we 'll be able to export , if not to them , to some other place , it 's absolutely no reason for us to do the same and also shoot ourselves in the foot . 
  why do we need free-trade pacts anyway ? 
  would n't it be much easier to just abolish all tariffs ? 
   not that i 'm aware of . 
  if you 're thinking stereotypical redneck american you 're thinking bible belt . 
    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt yup , i was aware of what the bible belt was . 
  though i 'm right , it does have oil , and it 's quite a lot , actually . 
  i 'd take it all in if we could get the oil , the benefits of that would far outweigh the burden that it would be to having to deal with those people x ) [ oil reserves in the usa ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/758syms2006ocsmapwithplanni.png ), 
   once this groups starts to deal with their own extremists and shut down this behavior , i will be happy to !, 
  i do n't know if they 'll can / want to do that . 
  that 's why it 's a complicated subject and why society as a whole will have to do something . 
   policing is a much better thing to be doing than , say , invading or drone bombing without invitation . 
  it 's also much more sustainable if we want to preserve peace . 
  it certainly seems better than , say , bombing a country for weeks , move in on the rubble and liberate what remains of it , leaving the whole place a mess for decades . 
   if as a consumer i had the ability to choose between norwegian and russian gas you 're not a consumer if you do n't have the ability to choose . 
   come to uk ( allowed easily soon enough )  sell big issue once or twice a week  be self employed by doing that  claim benefits  get nearly $ 600 a month from the government for doing virtually nothing . 
    that 's a problem , and there are plenty of people just waiting to take advantage of that . 
  if that happens , then you 're right , you do have a problem . 
  though , and you might disagree with me , in that case the problem seems to be with social welfare , not immigration policy . 
  the usa had a similar issue , they had to abolish the free entry of people on their land when they started providing those benefits , they only had to institute border controls and limiting immigration when they decided to go down the path of socialised welfare . 
   poles are ok . comin ' here , workin ' their arses off for not that much money , makin ' our country better . 
  fuckin ' awesome lovable bastards they are . 
  replace poles with ukrainians and you could be talking about portugal . 
  or , at least a couple of years back you could , not so much since 2008 as our economy tanked and employment is much harder to come by now . 
  heck , even brazilians here are going back to terra de vera cruz !, 
  from where i 'm standing , you trying to limit immigration to people that actually want to work there seems like such a waste . . 
   edit : forget to mention , order in the next 30 minutes and i 'll give you the bible belt :d why do you hate the bible belt so much ? 
  they have oil , do n't they ? 
   i 've got tons of pics let me know if you want more it wo n't be necessary . 
  what do they think they will achieve , other than to further piss off the uk people ? 
    this is what happens when retards can not think 2 steps ahead of their own actions . 
  ztiller , i do understand we have to be moderate and rational and not generalise the behaviour of a minority to an entire group of people , and you 're right , these idiots do n't know what they 're doing , fortunately they 're still a minority even within their communities . . though i have to ask you , are you upset because of their views or because of how they choose to demonstrate them ?? 
  sometimes i wonder if you 're actually worried about these people with their wholly different ideas that come here and live their lives shut off from the rest of society or if your only concern is how they express their views . 
  you never criticise them for their moronic views and opinions and religion , you just do n't seem to approve of the way they choose to express those . . 
  i still find it very odd when i listed to british politicians saying they want to curb immigration from eu countries , as if we were the problem !, 
   as a dutchman i often forget that euthanasia , abortion , gay marriage and smoking weed is forbidden in other countries . 
  it all seems so normal for me . 
  stuff like this reminds me that the netherlands are quite cool . 
  cool people do n't brag .
