  austerity is simply cutting back on the spending . 
  considering that it was excessive spending that got us in this position and that more spending is financial suicide , while austerity alone wo n't save us , it will stop us from dying . 
  we still need to become more competitive to promote investment and economic growth , because a simple cut on public spending wo n't suffice , but not cutting on the spending and reject austerity like some do , that we ca n't afford , not till the economy starts growing more per year than the public deficits . 
  there 's people from all beliefs here on r/europe . 
   hell666 , for the most part , i agree with you , just do n't reply so angrily as it 's hard to take you serious if you sound like you can have a heart attack at any time . 
  also , do n't constantly talk as if you 're some sort of minority , do n't isolate yourself like that . 
  for example , even if you disagree wholeheartedly with something , do n't start a thread like [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/10o0l4/france_has_gone_mad_75_tax_for_the_rich_announced/ ) . 
  x ) oh , and do n't get too bothered with silly things , a redditor saying we need [ a common fishing policy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11azgy/eu_destroys_17000000_kg_of_fish_and_shellfish_in/c6kvfjh?context=3 ) is much less serious that one that says we should [ abolish private ownership of the means of production ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zwolb/saturday_15th_portugal_teeters_on_the_brink/c68hrbe ) . 
  holy fuck , a talking tomato !, 
  :d ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoibjl-uxd0 ), 
   if the fiscal multiplier is higher than 1 that ` if ' is quite nasty . 
  yes , the imf can argue a lot for it , but the results showcase another reality - portugal 's debt to gdp ratio is now over 100 % and we 've had public deficits of ~ 5 % / year - if we had a fiscal multiplier over than 1 , our gdp would have increased at least 5 % year , when it has been around 1 % and there have been even years like 2008 where the economy actually shrank . 
  austerity both shrinks the economy because of reducing public spending and expands it if while the state is cutting costs , it also reduces taxation . 
  our major problem was not only having a runaway public spending , it was that spending not being worthwhile investments . 
  two flagrant examples are that we built [ roads going nowhere ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oecd_countries_by_road_network_size ) where there 's an average of 2 cars per hour during daytime and [ stadiums everywhere ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&amp;sid=awsfyb6pe3fy ) for euro 2004 whose only purpose was that event . 
  obviously that if a government used taxpayer 's money to make an investment that for some reason the private sector ca n't make , then fine , do it , it would benefit more than it would cost the whole of society , right ? 
  our problem was that we got this debt in worthless junk , in simple ` fireworks ' and in pandering to get votes and secure elections . 
  no wonder that now the public sector needs to be massively downsized , it has been an heck of an expense so far !, 
   libertarianism is a-okay in my books , but when people take it to its logical end , to anarcho-capitalism , then i 'm afraid it really does n't offer tools to solve problems , but gaters a vision of an utopian society , utopian in a sense that it does n't work , and that is because it does n't count that people are inherently flawed , they are irrational actors . 
  a simple upvote does n't cut it , i wholeheartedly agree with you . 
  i already replied in a topic here with regards to that link . 
  oh , fiscal multipliers , yeah , i 've studied them a bit . 
  do remember that it goes both ways , and the same way an economy can expand if more money is available , that funding must come from somewhere ( aka taxes ) and the less money is available , the more an economy shrinks . 
  i 'm not praising him , i 'm saying despite his many shortcomings , he ca n't be blamed for the hardships we 're now experiencing . 
  he was n't even close to power when things started going down the gutter . 
   keep on voting for them and protecting them online , be it either one or the other responsible for the economic ruin portugal has been reduced to in the last decades . 
  i did n't vote for him . 
   two parties that should be irradiated by the people and yet continue to lie and scheme their way into government . 
  which is awful but ( unfortunately for me ) there does n't seem to be any viable alternative . 
  if things continue as they are , i do am thinking of voting for them in the next elections , not because i like where they 're going ( because , fuck me , how are we meant to grow the economy with tax increases ?? ), 
  but rather because the alternatives would be all the mistakes the current government is doing plus some more . 
  that is , if i 'm here to vote in the next elections . 
   i refuse to see the world in black and white . 
  i also refuse to be in a nation of suckers . 
  i know that feeling , bro . 
  it 's sad that things got to be this bad . 
   and you ca n't balance a budget by crashing an economy . 
  so stopping the spending is going to crash an economy ? 
  sounds like you never had much of an economy to start with . 
  wow , it 's like greeks do n't have enough debt , it 's like they want even more . . & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; you know what , if they 're this smart , maybe they do should leave . 
  let them have their drachma , let them print money every time they need it , let them experience the greek dream without the nightmares that are the banks and let them live happily ever after in their utopia where man is free from oppression and scarcity . 
  like all break-ups , it would be difficult at first but the rest of europe would stop being dragged down by their debt and greeks would be able to experiment all they want with their economy . 
  i see no alternative if they do really want to go `` fuck this , we want to take away money from the people through taxes to give it back to the people through subsidies and see if it grows along the way '' . . 
   but the costs are generally higher . 
  market efficiency is a flat out lie . 
  what ? 
  i 'd love to hear your reasoning behind this . 
   portugal does not need a strong currency . 
  only net importers need a strong currency . 
  there , you answered yourself . 
  portugal is a net importer , which is why we need the $ uro . 
   portugal 's only hope to recover is to pump its exports so it needs a weak currency like never before ( also to pay back its debt in specie that can only be used to drive its own economy ) . 
  and pay for food and fuel with what ? 
  and how would a dirt-cheap currency help us if we were outside the eurozone and with a different currency than our main importers ? 
  you really think that even with a devalued currency we 'd be able to compete with the east asians ? 
   in any case , you 've made it quite clear that you would prefer portugal to remain a slave state within the euro because it satisfies your sense of commercial morality . 
  there 's no sense in belabouring the discussion . 
  not with those ludicrous comparisons and your overall lack of knowledge of our economy . 
  lol , you tell me i want portugal to be a slave and then you tell me we should do what africa does instead . 
  please , do go preach your mugabeconomics elsewhere . 
  privatisations affected me negatively ? 
  when ? 
  at least here , we 're much more hurt by the nationalisations of the past and the unsustainable weight of the state than we ever were by privatisations , it 's not even comparable !, 
   taxpayers generally want their politicians to run the state as well as possible , and any politician that can optimize the public sector and lower taxes without compromising service level , is bound to be reelected . 
  that is true , though not everywhere in the world is like denmark where the justice system actually works and where a corrupt bureaucrat is swiftly brought to justice . 
  in this case , it 's much more simpler to have a privately-owned system where you do n't politicians for anything , the simple fact that the private owner makes more money if he minimizes costs takes care of it . 
   because any non-corrupt state actually fires bureaucrats that do n't do their job properly ? 
  here you can have people sitting in the same job for decades while doing a lousy job and nobody will even think of firing said person because the unions wo n't allow it and because that person has friends and his friends also have friends and who 'd want to fire a friend of a friend ? 
  i 'm sure there in denmark things work just as well if the state can perform just as efficiently as private entities , here it 's much harder to determine who fucks up where in the public sector and so it 's much easier to leave it the privates and let them try to provide the best service with the incentive that they 'd profit more from it . 
  right now there 's private schools and private hospitals which choose who the want to teach/treat and are free to charge their students/patients what they want , which makes them highly efficient but also not accessible to everyone and there 's also state-owned schools and state-owned hospitals which have to accept everyone and hardly do n't charge their users and are instead all paid for through taxes , which makes them available to everyone but very inefficient , often being a very significant burden to society as a whole . 
  what i propose is a system which makes it so that all schools and hospitals are managed by the private sector with the safeguard that they have to accept everybody and most or all of the final costs ( the ones which would be paid by the student/patient ) are instead paid by the state . 
  in essence , it 's the best of both , an highly efficient system which ca n't discriminate its users and which is accessible by everyone . 
  being a private institution , the owners would want to keep costs low and to provide the best service they could ( as the more students/patients who chose that school/hospital , the more the owner would profit ) and being state-funded , everyone would be able to freely choose what they think would be best for them without any significant expenses ( because in the end , they 'd pay next to nothing , it would be the taxpayer which would pay the final bill ) . 
  do you understand this alternative ? 
   i 'm all for cutting where cutting is warranted , but next year adjustment is 81 % by tax , 19 % by cuts , that will transfer the debt from the state to the privates with incredible bad results not only on the economy but also on the judicial system . 
  yeah , you 're right , we 're still cutting too little and taxing too much . 
  : s  the alternative to this austerity is not spending , the alternative to this insanity is some sane austerity , you can not adjust the country like this government is doing , there needs to be time to implement real reforms and not just cutting and taxing to get money fast , that would be in the interest of the creditors also , since a country able to pay the debts is better than a country unable to pay the debts , that is what will happen if the government keeps this path . 
  damn , we agree more than i thought we did . 
  this is exactly my thoughts , it 's just that the government keeps on making stupid mistakes and everyone keeps getting more displeased about the cuts and i honestly do n't know how low we 'll go before things start looking up . 
   it 's up to you to prove the moon is made out of cheese , if you claim so . 
  i claimed something perfectly reasonable and argued for it , you just went `` hurr , your facts are just beliefs '' . 
   in any case , you must have heard that healthcare expenses in the usa are much higher per capita than in the more publicly organized european systems . 
  we also pay massively in taxes and they 're involved in wars and have much more weapons and fatness than we do . 
  no wonder they spend more than us per capita . 
  also , do notice that , per capita , at least portugal , we 're poorer , so it 's not like we 'd be able to afford it anyway . 
  regardless , it does n't refute what i said - if you were managing an hospital and had fixed pay by the state , regardless of how many patients you treated , how nicely you treated them and the costs of it , you 'd have no significant benefits to making it work efficiently ; if instead you owned the hospital and the state only intervened to regulate your activity and pay the medical expenses of your patients , then it would be in your best interest to lower costs and to treat the highest amount of patients possible because if you did a lousy job , they 'd just go to another hospital and you 'd make less money . 
  now tell me if this is like claiming the moon is made of cheese . 
   if people can choose the healthcare provider of their choice - within certain standards - you still have important ( if not the most important ) characteristics of a free market ( customer choice , free enterprise , competition ) . 
  either only the public hospitals were available to everyone which would be unfair to the private ones , they would n't be able to complete with the state if the state charged its patients 0 $ or every hospital would have the same subsidies and the free market on its own would make sure the public hospitals close down because the privates would be offering the same service with higher quality or presenting lower maintenance costs and an inefficiently run state-owned hospital would n't survive the competitions presented by the private sector . 
   if you accept that profitability is a measure of efficiency . 
  is n't it ? 
   the state gets the complaints about bad traffic anyway , does n't matter which mode of transport they choose ; if a train company turns a profit , there 's nothing wrong according to them , even if there are traffic jams from dusk till dawn every day . 
  there is n't nothing wrong with the train company if it presents profits , if the streets are jammed , then there 's probably an inefficient road-system . 
  i do n't think i get the point you 're trying to make , though . .  the problem is that we have a kind of path dependency here . 
  if cars are the normal means of transport , then spatial organisation will form itself around the assumption that everyone has cars . 
  you ca n't get out of that alley by private enterprise . 
  that 's still more efficient than to provide everything for everyone through taxes . 
  that problem is meaningless if you 're saving employment and making your economy more competitive and everyone is overall benefiting much more than they would if they had others more inefficient means of transportation which were unsustainable on their own and a net expense for society . 
   why should the taxpayer pay for automobile infrastructure ? 
  most cars travel around empty for 3/4 as well , or stand around doing nothing , occupying space where space is in high demand in cities .
