   i consider that a modern form of colonialisation . 
  a modern form of colonization is paying for the ownership of assets that happen to be on another country ? 
  i believe stuffing him full of burgers for one month might just do the trick . 
  not that this `` competition '' really matters , or does it ? 
   i guess there 's some wiggle room in 8.4 if you look specifically to this case , it 's clearly in disagreement with our constitution :  article 35 - ( use of computers )   1 . 
  every citizen shall possess the right to access to all computerised data that concern him , to require that they be corrected and updated , and to be informed of the purpose for which they are intended , all as laid down by law . 
  the law shall define the concept of personal data , together with the terms and conditions applicable to its automatised treatment and its linkage , transmission and use , and shall guarantee its protection , particularly by means of an independent administrative body . 
  computers shall not be used to treat data concerning philosophical or political convictions , party or trade union affiliations , religious beliefs , private life or ethnic origins , save with the express consent of the datasubject , with authorisation provided for by law and with guarantees of non-discrimination , or for the purpose of processing statistical data that can not be individually identified . 
  third-party access to personal data shall be prohibited , save in exceptional cases provided for by law . 
  though , as you said , the issue is n't yet settled . 
  our constitution is deeply influenced in yours , you might just have similar constitutional rights there in germany . 
  i remember this from a class i had last year in introduction to law , that eu law was on the same level as portuguese one . 
   [ constitution of the portuguese republic ] ( http://app.parlamento.pt/site_antigo/ingles/cons_leg/constitution_vii_revisao_definitive.pdf )  article 8 - ( international law )   3 - rules issued by the competent bodies of international organisations to which portugal belongs shall come directly into force in portuguese internal law , on condition that this is laid down in the respective constituent treaties . 
   4 - the provisions of the treaties that govern the european union and the rules issued by its institutions in the exercise of their respective responsibilities shall apply in portuguese internal law in accordance with union law and with respect for the fundamental principles of a democratic state based on the rule of law . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/oeil/popups/ficheprocedure.do?lang=en&amp;reference=2011/0382%28nle%29 http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?type=report&amp;reference=a7-2012-0099&amp;language=en&amp;mode=xml i 'm feeling safer already ... :|, 
  you should submit this as a new link , this definitely needs more coverage . 
  i mean , i 'm not afraid of the portuguese government handing out my religious beliefs or sexual orientation to us authorities as they do n't have it , but it 's still fucked up that the meps were too busy playing politics not to pay attention and passing this law which is in clear violation of eu law and human rights . 
   [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ )  article 12 . 
   no one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation . 
  everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks . 
   article 18 . 
   everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching , practice , worship and observance . 
  the constitution ca n't be overruled because the laws in the constitution are the only ones which the eu law does n't have primacy over it , they 're at the same level ( just as human rights laws , as these are also on the same constitutional level , and also these oppose these us laws ) . 
  even if this law passed on eu parliament and we disregarded our constitution and the state tried to enforce it ( the odds of this happening must be ( ~ 0.01 % ) ^ 3 ) , which is to say impossible ) , you 'd still have the issue with collecting the data . 
  nobody would willingly give out his information regarding religious beliefs or sexual orientation to our government , much less to overseas ' ones . 
   i 'm curious to hear about what romney would 've done . 
  i 'm not , i really do n't care about what that asshole on the over side of the ocean would do to win his election . 
  it 's not like he 's an influential figure in europe anyway . 
  lol , the sarcasm was painfully obvious , how did badlarry miss it ? 
  yes , this is just plain retarded . 
  fortunately , it 's also straight up illegal . 
  i 'm sure portugal is n't the only country in the eu which forbids even asking these questions , if our census do n't even ask these things , i 'm sure we could n't even share this sensitive info even if we wanted to or were allowed to . 
  i 'll start eating kittens for breakfast if the eu parliament allows this to pass . 
  if that was the case , the average pay would be much closer to the minimum wage than it currently is . 
  companies have an interest in reducing costs but they also have an interest in keeping their employees productive . 
  i 'm not against social concerns , i 'm against the arbitrary value of the minimum wage . 
  currently , those who are paid above it are unaffected , those who 'd work for less are unemployed . 
  countries like austria , germany , sweden , denmark or finland do n't have a fixed minimum wage imposed on everyone and they 're doing just fine . 
  there are a lot of factors that influence the % of people under the poverty line , minimum wage is just one of them . 
  just like you mentioned there being more people in percentage under the poverty line in germany than in france , there are plenty of counter-arguments like portugal , spain or greece when compared to germany or austria when compared with france . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.indexmundi.com/g/r.aspx?v=69 ) anyway , were discussing the effects of the minimum wage , it 's just one policy , you ca n't look to the final result and blame a single variable , and the argument i made that an arbitrary value under which nobody is allowed to work only increased unemployment to those who 'd be willing to work for less still has n't been refuted . 
  and it 's true , if someone is being paid for example 800 $ a month and the minimum wage is of 600 $ , it 's not because the value of 600 $ is gone that the person who 's receiving 800 $ will suddenly be paid less . 
  do you understand what i 'm trying to explain ? 
  i 'm arguing against the fixed minimum wage , not against social security . 
  and i 'm not arguing for lower wages , i 'm arguing for the possibility to work under the threshold , as those who already are payed above it are unaffected by it . 
   i fail to see how the portuguese minimum wage , for instance , is increasing inequality and purchasing power , for instance . 
  ask any young person who 'd love to have a job but is n't allowed to have one below 485 $ * 14 months and for that price and with their qualifications , they just ca n't find one and continue to be unemployed and dependent on their parents . 
  how is more unemployment helpful for equality and purchasing power ? 
  too bad countries like germany , austria , italy , denmark , sweden and finland do n't have minimum wage unlike portugal , spain or greece . 
  what do you have to say about this factual evidence refuting your `` race to the bottom '' thesis ? 
  yes , that 's right , it 's what i 'm saying . 
  why does it seem that you 're trying to disprove me even when i fully agree with you ? 
  i 'm 18 and in my first year of college ( public university ) , i take the bus and subway everyday and i also have two younger siblings . 
  your assumptions are ridiculous . 
  i 'm not supporting thievery at all , i 'm supporting the free market and rewards according to work of each one . 
  just like my parents and grandparents came here after losing everything they had in the colonial war in angola , they managed to work they way from the bottom and with a lot of work and a lot of study got college degrees and both worked very hard to get a house for me and my siblings with everything we need to live . 
  i have opportunities they never had , i never had my life endangered by guerrillas and i never had to take breaks from school because the military was shelling the nearby jungle and the school was being raided . 
  i never had to help my parents pay rent or to sleep in friends ' places because i had no roof under which to sleep under which to sleep . 
  why the fuck should i complain when there are so many opportunities around ? 
  what i need to complain about is these new policies made my politicians who had everything they needed all their life , who have no fucking clue of what they 're doing ( and already got my mother unemployed and my father being payed half of what he used ) to just to use their money on scum who does n't do shit and expect others to pay for their subsistence that often consists of booze and blow . 
  what i need to complain about is people who play the victim card every time their called on their bs and continue to live of others ' work . 
  what i need to complain about is if my father loses is now unstable job i might lose my house because the government continues to waste away money on crooks and thieves ( from giving out subsidies and help to everyone , be them bankers or unemployed who just do n't give a shit ) because things were fine and stable before . 
  what i need to complain about is people being fooled by their `` we 're victims '' speech and trying to change the economy and sink it even further , by penalizing those whose who actually work to provide to those who decide not to . 
  that 's why i 'm fucking pissed , because my parents are just normal people who worked from absolutely nothing to all i have today , and this being taken away because those who already were here are leeching the system and ca n't be bothered to work like everyone else !, 
   germany 's a collectively rich country , but a big lot of germans are individually really poor . 
  that can also be said about us . 
  or any country in the world , for that matter . 
  what i 'm arguing against is just arbitrary values imposed on society under which people are n't allowed to work , even if they want to . 
  unlike what 's expected , this does n't lead to increased revenues to those under this threshold , it just makes them lose all their income and job , which harms more than helps . 
   read the law . 
  you do n't . 
  yes , yes you do . 
  sadly here it 's easier to shut down a factory than it is to fire 5 out of 500 people . 
  trust me , i 'm portuguese and i happen to study business law . 
   and it 's even better now , anyway , just pay a few pennies or give them unreasonable projects and sack them when they fail . 
  you 've just spoken live you 've never been to portugal . 
  am i right ? 
   they deserve to starve , obviously . 
  your ass must be jealous of all the shit that comes out of your mouth . 
  you say it like it 's a bad thing . 
  :p i for one love to share my views and have them questioned by fellow r/europeans . 
  it 's impossible not to learn something by reading through the comments here . 
  you 're a condescending deluded fool . 
   lawyers i know make 300/euros . 
  they have no boss lawyers are by definition `` liberal professionals '' ( or at least here they do - i maybe translating this wrongly but i 'll make my point ) , which means that by definition they work for themselves and have the right to accept or turn down their jobs . 
  my mother 's also a lawyer . 
  you wan na know how much she 's being paid ? 
  0 $ / month , as she 's not working , even though she 's still paying social security and everything else . 
   the 100/euros a month ... after 15/hours per day do n't bullshit me . 
   as for greek bribing scandals . 
  that 's a problem with your legal system , not with the socioeconomics of the eu . 
   they gave it to the greek banks that are essentially bankrupt . 
  well , they should n't . 
  i mean , they also should n't let those you deposited their savings there lose everything , but fuck , bailing out banks should n't be happening in the first place !, 
  they should be the most regulated activity because them screwing up make things worse for everyone else , and clearly we 've all not being doing our homework by letting the financial sector not having enough liquid assets , but then again , if the legal system was working properly , this would n't be an issue in the first place . 
   yes of course . 
  every form of democracy is impractical to people like you . 
  you would prefer an efficient king . 
  and you prefer demagogy and insulting those who disagree with you , already making wild assumptions about the other person arguing with you . 
  btw , you did n't answer the difficulties i mentioned about your system , how would you make everyone reach a consensus regarding every state owned enterprise that you said should belong to everyone and how would you deal with those just not interested in taking part in any of it ( since you said everyone would be obliged to do their part ) ?
