  it 's not only the rich , you silly . 
   that when the country proclaims austerity is in order , all have to contribute , including the rich tax evaders . 
  sure , but there 's only that much that can be sustained , after some point ( which france has clearly gone through ) , it 's just stupid to stick around , it 's just rational for rich people to go across the border where they can do the same thing and not get taxed so massively . 
  everybody else would do the same if they also benefited from it and could afford it . 
   and every nations is trying to be different and distance itself from the other balkan nations . 
    and instead embracing our similarities , we hate each other over minor differences ... 
  i ca n't really see the similarities between me and a meat popsicle . 
   let 's not forget how our own nations came to be , right ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  what did the turks did that fucked up the balkans this bad ? 
   so a rise of the top rate from 41 % to 45 % ( so to the level of the uk ) and an 2-year long 75 % contribution for the ~ 2000 person who earn more than 1m is enough to get a significant number of people out ? 
  are n't you getting a significant number of people out ? 
  there 's plenty of people like depardieu leaving france , i do n't even now if your tax revenues will actually decrease as opposed to increasing , but whatever , you 're free to ignore [ basic economics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laffer_curve ) and tax at whatever rate you want . 
   there is a difference between firing someone and having a flexible ( but secured ) workforce . 
  and there 's also populist politicians that want to pander to the workers by making the whole economy more uncompetitive , i 'm sure it 's fine , you 'll continue to be able to tax more and more to make up for the difference and if factories start closing shop and moving elsewhere , you can continue to spend taxpayers money to keep them afloat , no ? 
   well , yeah . 
  the fact that you cut spendings does not mean that you have to cut them everywhere . 
  there is such a thing as a necessary investment . 
  sure , there is . 
  though i wonder if you can afford these `` necessary '' investments when your economy is failing and you 're just piling on the debt and leaving it for future generations . 
  perhaps then there will be really a need for some investments and you wo n't be able to afford them , but what do i know , i just live in a country that is affected by all of this and am seeing france following on our footsteps . 
   there are rich people who quietly go about their business whilst recognising that they are part of a bigger picture instead of acting like prima donnas . 
  there are rich people who are stupid and do n't bother paying 75 % taxes . 
  these wo n't be rich for much longer . 
  if being a prima donna is gtfo under such rates , i 'd be a prima donna as well . 
   are you saying that depardeau is a victim ? 
  that he 's inconvenienced by this ? 
  he might not be the best example , but he 's one . 
  france is missing out on all the money they were taxing him . 
  if you think `` fuck him '' , that 's up to you , but now this is an extra burden on everybody else , i hope it was worth it to try and tax them like that . 
   the state creates and nurtures many productive and valuable industries . 
  like the film industry ? 
  pahahahahaha i 'm sure you live in a bubble , one in which state-owned companies paid for by the tax payer are more beneficial to society than privately-owned ones competing in a free market . 
   as opposed to the hundreds and thousands skilled and qualified adults who have to emigrate ? 
  what are you trying to imply ? 
  that people emigrate because of rich people ? 
  people emigrate because they can find better employment in other countries , if france continues down this path , it will only get worse , but suit yourselves . 
   yes . 
  the rich person is doing what 's convenient and profitable . 
  they will lose little of their perks compared to the upheavals shovelled on young professionals . 
  yeah , we 're going through a rough time . 
  but we should be working on addressing the issue , not scapegoating the rich and restricting the economy . 
   other countries are getting the most productive citizens out : young , well educated professionals who can not find work . 
  if i do emigrate , it certainly wo n't be to france , a country so eager to implode its economy , i 'll tell you that much !, 
   given a choice between the two , i 'd prefer the rich get out . 
  because fuck them and the taxes they pay , right ? 
   i say fuck him . 
  yeah , that will teach him for being a rich actor . 
  we do n't even need his stinking money !, 
   the state can always replace the capital and infrastructure owned by the rich by taxing the rich he 's driving away ? 
  oh right , they 're no longer here !, 
  i guess the middle tax can cough up the difference . 
  unlike the rich , they 're patriots , right ? 
   what it can not do is replace the productive workers . 
  the productive workers the state pays them to do unproductive jobs ? 
  geez , that sounds like an awesome plan . 
   true , but not that much actually . 
  enough to get the people rich out . 
   there are n\u00e9gociations currently going on to introduce more flexibility . 
  [ `` the main idea is to make layoffs so expensive for companies that it 's not worth it , '' sapin said in an interview with france info radio ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/07/us-france-economy-unemployment-idusbre8560jx20120607 ) . 
   with 20 bne cuts ? 
  this trimester is the first one for a long time when the `` s\u00e9curit\u00e9 sociale '' 's payments have fallen . 
  [ there ~ ~ would ~ ~ will be more social housing , and development funds for deprived suburbs ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/9042741/francois-hollande-outlines-manifesto-for-french-presidency-challenge.html ) . 
   they have nukes they can do it themselves no reason to get your hands dirty yeah , though i wonder why it seems they want to experience death by a thousand cuts . 
   not to mention that schools are on the darkest period of the year . 
  i remember that i was so tired that the lessons between 8am to 10am where just attempts to sleep with your eyes open . 
  i did n't remember anything of those two hours ... well something , but it was just horrible . 
   you know how they extinguish oil well fires ? 
  with explosives . 
  are you saying we should blow up france ? 
  it 's ok , [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/awoho.jpg ) is a genius , he 'll fix it by increasing taxes , imposing stricter labour laws and spending more on social benefits !, 
  the whole of europe is fighting fire with water , and look to where it lead us . 
  let hollande fight fire with gasoline , it 's our only chance !, 
   how does that make you feel ? 
  indifferent . 
  how should it make me feel ? 
  if you 're trying to troll me , you 're doing a lousy job lol . 
   is n't galicia like , your moldova ? 
  not at all , it was portugal that declared independence from galicia . 
  what you 're suggesting is analogous to the usa annexing the uk . 
   brb . 
  going to kick moldova in the shin out of frustration ... 
  the fact that you still have n't incorporated moldova is , on its own , shameful . 
  if you want our respect , you may want to remove the cyrillic heresy to your south . 
   it does n't even have to be people ( there are more nations than there are bills , and somebody is going to complain , you know ) . 
  but bridges are n't exactly dynamic . 
  i thinks precisely because of that and because bridges connect . 
   and i ca n't even begin to tell you how many times that has come in handy . 
  none whatsoever ? 
   beh ; i doubt christian-infused regressionists are that much better . 
  :p op does n't give two shits about that , his issue is with the right-wing/free-market bit . 
   stinky parmesan cheese , right ? 
  i googled images for `` cocaine dollar '' , but i ca n't be sure , i do n't really know anything about that type of shit x ), 
   there are some good people in mali thanks for that , i was under the impression everyone in mali was evil , now i know that it 's a mistake to make such sweep generalisations . 
   i 'm gon na miss our plastic money when we switch to the euro . 
  how do you snort a line or put it inside a stripper 's bra then ? 
  wait a second ... 
   you do n't need to quote every time you reply , and if you 're replying to the whole comment . 
  i do that because sometimes people edit or delete their comments , user pls_go_fuck_yourself . 
   eu and what army ?
