   i can see brussels do everything but encourage a free market . 
  they 're trying to further the single market and they 've already done so much in removing trade barriers and allowing the free movement of people , goods , services and capital , that 's just not true !, 
   it over-regulates we can change the laws and liberalise the market , it must go through the european parliament . 
   the majority of nations in the eu seem to want either state capitalism bollocks , most eu nations are thankfully trying to reduce state intervention in the economy . 
  i could also look at the labour governments there in the uk that were for 13 years in power till just recently and say that for some time there you wanted a degree of state capitalism and that 's just not true , just like it is n't true when other eu member-states also elect centre-left governments . 
   or outright protectionism yeah , yeah , the french and cap , cfp and all that , you 're absolutely right , we need to stop this and to do that we could either leave the eu ( totally not worth it ) , get opt-out clauses ( like the uk has been doing for some time now whenever some bad idea comes along ) or do the utmost to stop any such idea from being implemented on an eu scale ( what we should be doing much better ) . 
  one thing is certain , the eu has already removed most if not all of the trade barriers within europe itself , we just need to continue removing these barriers to trade for the rest of the world , and you 'll have to agree with me that this will have a much stronger impact if we do it as the eu as opposed to some member-states on their own . 
  if the french campaign and threaten to veto if they do n't get their way , you can do the exact same thing but against them , instead of talking shit about brussels and leaving the french to tinker with it , do what they 're doing and extend your policies for the whole eu , nobody will back socialist hollande now when he 'd doing fuck all in his own country and all his neighbours are now run by centre-right governments . 
   there are few that truly want a free market economy ( with sensible laws to mitigate externalities ) . 
  few ? 
  you , ireland , iberia , italy , benelux , germany , austria and most of central europe , the nordics and all of eastern europe . 
  i 'd say the exception are the french and perhaps greece if they collapse but they 're an exception , the rest of us want just that . . we ca n't let this european project be hijacked by the few who want to live at the expense of others . 
   so , no , i ca n't see that brussels frees the market . 
  where it has tried in areas such as airport ownership and electricity it failed dismally and bent to politics far too quickly . 
  brussels politics are european politics , they 're in every way dependent in the member-states and in the european parliament , you shutting yourselves of this is counter-productive and wo n't help you at all in freeing the market , and even if you do leave the eu , it would still be quite harmful for you if the union did act against the free market , the best way there is to prevent this from happening is the ever increasing union you 're so fearful of , the more we 're in , the more we can control it and make sure it acts in the best interest of all countries and of economic prosperity . 
   there are plenty of people who would say the same of any system of government . 
  yet in the uk these people are not few , they 're enough that an exit of scotland from the uk is a possibility . 
   for the first time the gema is n't useless and counterproductive . 
   their is a difference between capitalistic and liberal , mind you . 
  i know there is , but i want sasp777 to further explain his alternative as opposed to saying that some capitalistic countries have x and y flaws . 
   i simply do not recognise a single european demos , from which we can perceive a sufficiently converged set of common aims and expectations . 
  this is necessary for me to have confidence that any common governance will be [ both ] representative of , [ and ] accountable to , my needs . 
  in short , i would not consider it legitimate . 
  there are plenty of british citizens who say the same of westminster , you know ? 
   `` the finance of the country is intimately associated with the liberties of the country . 
  it is a powerful leverage by which english liberty has been gradually acquired ... it lies at the root of english liberty , and if the house of commons can by any possibility lose the power of the control of the grants of public money , depend upon it , your very liberty will be worth very little in comparison ... that power can never be wrenched out of your hands ... that powerful leverage has been what is commonly known as the power of the purse -- the control of the house of commons over public expenditure -- your main guarantee for purity -- the root of english liberty . 
  no violence , no tyranny , whether of experiments or of such methods as are likely to be made in this country , could ever for a moment have a chance of prevailing against the energies of that great assembly . 
  no , if these powers of the house of commons come to be encroached upon , it will be by tacit and insidious methods , and therefore i say that public attention should be called to this . '', 
  it 's absolutely right to defend liberty and sovereignty but you 're arguing against the eu on a matter of semantics ? 
  if the european parliament was renamed house of commons , brussels made like westminster and the european union renamed united kingdom of great britain and europe , would you support it wholeheartedly ? 
  or would you still refuse it because then actual westminster would be more like holyrood ? 
   do you think i have the attention span to read 2 sentences ? 
  this . 
  op , i 'll only read the title and reply to it . 
   about free market i like it . 
   the free-market remains the best way to allocate resources , and while it will increase inequality i do not place so much importance on that attribute of society that it outweighs the huge improvement in basic consitions granted to all . 
  another brit who hates the eu and is for the free-market . 
  do you really have to hate the eu on the grounds that it 's to socialist ? 
  i kinda of wish the movement against the eu in the uk was led by the communists against the neoliberal overlords in brussels and not by people like you who value the free-market , it would make an eventual departure of the uk that much more tolerable as who can stand angry commies ? 
   the market is blind for anything that is n't to be found in the bookkeeping . 
  therefore , we have to correct the blind spots of the market by putting a price on them . 
  could you give some examples ? 
   even socialists parties here say free market is good ( but then , of course , they say we also need regulations and redistribution which make the market less free ) . 
  not all regulation is bad , externalities are a perfect example of why there 's a need for some regulation , you ca n't let everything deregulated but it 's also counter-productive to over-regulate . 
   comparing reddit ( especially r/europe , but not only ) to similiar sites in poland ( wykop.pl ) , reddit seems like `` the nest of ` left wingers ' and socialists ''  r/europe a nest of commies ? 
  nah , it 's actually quite good here , the american reddits are awful when compared to this one , though i guess their two-party system might skew things up . 
   i do n't think free market is always the way to go ( for example public education , infrastructural projects , health service ) . 
  education and healthcare can be assured by the private sector in a much more efficient way than the state can provide it . 
  though i do agree that these must be available to everyone and so should be state-funded , even if i do think they should be being privately managed . 
   over the past 30 years or so , the west has been getting further and further from a free market . 
  what we have now is very much a state where corporations have integrated with politics . 
  this distorts the free market . 
  take the obvious example of the banks , for instance , where you have a politically motivated intervention that keeps them afloat even when a free market would have seen them fail . 
  these interventionist policies are the things that create inequality . 
  the free market is the best leveller that we have . 
  you know what i fucking hate about you ukip folk ? 
  the fact that i agree with you on the economy . 
  damn you !, 
  ca n't you see that brussels is the perfect way to free the market on an whole european scale ? 
   there is a part of this subreddit that is unapologetically neoliberal . 
  if you ca n't succeed in the free market , go die , you are not worth living . 
  yeah , in capitalistic countries such as switzerland they drown children and shove the elderly down the stairs . 
   overall , as far as i can tell , what you are proposing is capitalism with a human face , a return to the good old days of social democracy . 
  i 'd love to see it as a solution , but it ca n't happen - not within the eu . 
  eu guarantees certain freedoms to capital that make it impossible to be taxed and controlled effectively , thus making social democracy impossible . 
  social democracy impossible because you ca n't control all capital ? 
  i 'm quite sure we already live in a social democracy despite there being freedom to store capital wherever , but do tell us sasp777 what steps need to be taken and how these steps would benefit society in the end . 
  hey krattr , where are you from ? 
  are you even from europe ? 
  you have a lot of upvotes from me but it seems you , for the most part , only post links , so i dunno x ) oh , and damn you for that second link !, 
   this coming from a portuguese , do you really believe this ? 
  or have you not met anyone who became homeless or near homelessness due to the times we 're living in and the cuts we 've been receiving ? 
  near homelessness , yes but homeless no , not here in portugal where people have families and an welfare state and so on . 
  heck , one of my greatest rl friend went to school in bairro do cerco , that place is awful , the people there in very bad conditions , and they all still have roofs over their heads . 
  to say like he did that there 's homes and there 's homeless people , sure , it sounds appealing , but to force it does n't benefit society , if the owners do n't lend them or sell them then it 's they did it would be at their loss , i 'm sure everybody wants to be charitable with other people 's property but you ca n't decide `` this house looks like we could fit in here two more people '' and two arrumadores get live in there . 
  we have already social benefits and social houses and social care and charity organisations providing food and clothing to the needy , if you 're also going to give away housing then you 're both promoting people to not do anything as all their expenses are covered and you 're also promoting people to convert their houses into something else to avoid losing their property ( just like what happened when there was set a maximum price for the rents and people converted their houses which were formerly for habitation into offices and such , as they could n't afford to keep them under the new prices - that or they abandoned them and now there 's plenty of zones which are highly degraded and the state is now having to , on its own expense , repairing the buildings like the ones downtown ) . 
   homelessness is n't always a direct cause of recklessness and even if it were , i think we should n't be so unforgiving to people who lose themselves to drugs and affiliated problems ( and if you want to go into this field of thought , there 's a lot to be discussed such as social environment , education , etc. . . which influence one 's behavior ) . 
  right , but we already have help programs , social workers , social neighbourhoods and an whole system built around this to prevent just this . 
  to do asdogbothered said and also give housing away to these people , that 's not helping in anything . 
   i believe it 's better to at least try to help than to punish ( punishment in this case would be to state that homelessness would be directly dependent on one 's behavior and choices in life , which as you know deep inside , it is not ) . 
  sure , i agree with you , nobody wants to punish them , let 's just not give them everything at the expense of others , we already help them a lot and it wo n't be by stuffing them inside other people 's homes that the issue will be dealt with once and for all . 
   you obviously do n't understand socialism . 
  socialism means workers keep the full fruits of their labour . 
  like when they 're taxed at 100 % and there 's no private property and all they produce goes to the state ? 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think socialist states properly remunerate their workers , if anything , it 's these very same states that most resemble slavery . 
   you obviously do n't know much about capitalism either , capitalism has very little to do with free markets , indeed , many would say it represents the antithesis of them . 
  capitalism = defending private property free market = allowing people to trade said private property again , how are these the anti-thesis of each other ? 
   right ... you compassionate conservatives , we love you so much . 
  hey , do n't blame me , if you really care about them , you can engage in charity , there 's absolutely nothing stopping you from letting two homeless sleep into your house and let them sleep in your couch or floor or wherever . 
  just do n't say it 's anyone 's fault but their and their family 's one if they end up homeless and say others or the state ought to provide from them . 
  oh , and i 'm not a conservative . 
   this is n't going to be some tired old bollocks about the ussr , china , cambodia and so on is it ? 
  you 're the one saying capitalism is inefficient and talking about the usa , if have no idea of how socialism is like then at least try to learn how it always goes wrong whenever people have tried to implement it , there 's plenty of countries to read about and their experiences with socialism . 
   it 's private property that gets enforced , not the other way around . 
  how does a capitalist enforce his/her absentee `` rights '' without the state 's bully boys ? 
  absentee rights ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  that the factory one paid to build and the workers he continues to pay for them to work should n't benefit the investor because of the arbitrary criteria that he might not be inside the factory ? 
  oh , even without a state , i 'm sure one could enforce property rights , though it 's much wiser to leave that to the state as they should be the only one with a monopoly on violence and who own the courts , the alternative would be anarchy . 
  people like you who want to turn the system upside down and to appropriate of the property of others , you 're crazy , you 'll just drive them away and kill all the incentives there is to invest if you got to decide and said that `` all the profits go to the state '' , as i 'm sure even you agree that nobody would be as willing to go trough all the trouble of starting a business and making it as profitable and efficiently run as possible if they got 0.001 % of the returns as opposed to 100 % or 80 % or 50 % depending on the tax rates .
