  that and the fact that many businesses there were n't worthwhile to begin with and now they have to close down because they ca n't afford it . 
  you 're absolutely right , high unemployment certainly is to be avoided , though you ca n't just create jobs out of thin air , you have to allow them to flourish and create real value in the economy . 
  excessive government spending is the wrong way of doing it , the value added is inferior to its costs and it would just be artificial employment and growth , not proving beneficial to society as a whole and increasing future expenditures which could be used in much more worthwhile scenarios . 
  austerity will only kill what was n't there in the first place , artificial growth the government made in malinvestments in the economy is now proving worthless and obviously that has a serious backlash in their accounts . 
  austerity only removes unnecessary government waste from the equation , if a business is worthwhile and productive it will surely survive with or without government funding . 
  what 's madness is saying austerity will kill the economy , as economies can always flourish without government action or central planning . 
  the only catastrophe is things having got to where they are now , and of course there 's a lot of publicity not to change the current situation as a lot of individuals benefit from it , though in the long run and in the big scheme of things , cutting back on the spending is the only viable way of stabilizing the financial situation and allowing the economy to have real growth again . 
  they continue to have serious deficits and are having a hard time turning those into a surplus and the interest can be kept in check through the eu . 
  their situation is far from optimal , sure , though this ca n't really be used as an argument against austerity as things would be even worse if they continued with their previous levels of government spending . 
  no more reckless spending = austerity . 
  according to wikipedia :  in economics , austerity refers to a policy of deficit-cutting by lowering spending often via a reduction in the amount of benefits and public services provided . 
  obviously the essential must remain , but something needs to be cut and that 's austerity is for . 
  and unfortunately it had to come to this because in the past there was plenty of careless government spending . 
  and if they default , it would be far worse because then all the outside money would stop pouring in and then they 'd struggle just to meet the basics like food and fuel in which they 're not self-sufficient . 
  `` hurr , goldman sachs is evil so we should ignore our budget and just spend , this will be beneficial to society as a whole and will purge the corruption out of the evil corporations '' dude , you 're not even being coherent , how is not spending more of what you can afford wrong just because of some idiots in wall street ? 
  you know what should be next ? 
  not to predict the apocalypse out of your hat . 
   if austerity does n't work austerity is n't working because they continue to live above their means . 
  they ca n't continue to spend more than what they ca n't afford and they 're doing just that . 
  it 's a difficult process but an essential one to equilibrate the debt levels and to allow economic growth , as currently all the debt is hurting any prospects of development they might have . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_debt_crisis since 2003 that the greek debt-to-gdp ratio has been increasing non-stop , since 2005 it has been over 100 % . 
  clearly it was uncontrolled spending what got them in the mess they 're in now , it 's not going to be even more reckless spending that 's going to get them out . 
  french politicians always seem to get the prettiest of women , though now i 'm not so sure if it would be really worth it . 
   the queen may not appoint anyone she feels fit , there is such thing as a separation of powers . 
  same thing with the european parliament , there is a separation of powers and they ca n't appoint just anyone they see fit . 
   they 're then given free reign to do whatever the hell the feel like . 
  within their responsibilities , yes , just like every other government agency has its legitimacy proven by a parliament , this on a nation or supranational level . 
   dictating laws to countries in which they have no mandate and even replacing the cabinet of member states . 
  they do not dictate laws and they ca n't choose who 's the democratically elected ruler of any member-state . 
  they do voice their concerns and advise on the best course of action for the eu but it 's up for the member-state to follow those guidelines or not . 
   the concepts of democracy , law and constitution are lost on europeans . 
  according to mr murdoch , yes , however if you actually bother to know the institutions , you 'll realize the eu is a force for democracy , law and constitution just as much as the member-states are . 
   it 's about time great britain left this catastrophe of project . 
  if you really think so , good riddance , it 's not like all that anti-europe attitude is any helpful to us either . 
  is that sand ? 
  it looks like ashes . . 
  except it is , by the european parliament , which itself is elected by everyone in europe . 
  just like for example when the people elect a president and then it 's that president that chooses who the prime-minister will be , though i 'm not sure you 'll get this as you have an unelected monarchy . 
  since when do people who support europe hate democracy ? 
  i do n't know german , that was all google translator :p, 
  i made [ this image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sst9k.png ) myself some time ago mocking argentina 's claims on the falklands . 
  is it funny or in poor taste ? 
  do n't get that mad , bro , just teasing ya . 
  i 'm pretty sure every nation has a lot of blood on its hands . 
  it 's kaliningrad now , and you were n't born in 1912 . 
  in case of missiles and giant robots , the worst place to be is on the roof !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/z7qdc.png  i 'm definitely more economically liberal same here , in fact , the thingie said i was centre-left , which i do n't associate myself with . 
  eventually you 'll have one , i 'm sure of it . 
  the eu only needs to change its structure and powers and you 'll have one . 
  wait , no more berry-picking and you 're running out of puppies ? 
  you used to be cool , finland !, 
  if companies ca n't go out of business , how will they afford to keep them afloat ? 
  by printing money and handing it over ? 
  since when is this sound economic policy ? 
  thanks , fixed . 
  indeed , [ qi - euro myths ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqvjeznyizo ) . 
   during the cold war , communist leaders may have been frustrated by the freedom within western countries , but there was a limit to what they could do about it , '' he said . 
  `` today , they can deface your website , yada yada yada communist leaders frustrated by the freedom of others ? 
  they were frustrated by a lot of things , but not really the freedom of foreigners . 
  there was a limit to what they could do about it ? 
  they were just as limited as they are today . 
  oh , and regarding internet as a mean of peace , that must be true . 
  it should be hard to kill someone you ca n't bring yourself to hate because they 're online and are just like you , i guess . . 
  your money is the safest in several different banks and all across the union . 
  it 's also safer to leave it there than it is to withdraw it all at once . 
  what about coins ? 
  they 're not paper . 
  ok , i 'll stop being a smart-ass now . 
  what about those people that wake up richer than they were before going to bed ? 
  the uk is good in as it helps in keeping the eu institutions sharp . 
  that 's certainly a good thing . 
  i mean , i do n't really agree with the general anti-eu sentiment they seem have , but hey , it 's better for democracy than no opposition at all . 
  if they really want out , though , i guess that 's up to them . 
  their eu referendum will certainly be interesting . 
  wait , it 's not like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lo7un.jpg ) ? 
   why live if eventually we 'll all die ? 
  ftfy :p, 
  that game is stupid , why did n't he just take the stairs to the ground level ? 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/#!/fatimabanez ) translated :  a child 's play was the cause that generated the message automatically in this account . 
   the previous tweet was deleted because it did n't belong to either the minister or her team . 
   france 's new socialist government is planning to ramp up the cost of laying off workers for companies in the coming months , its labour minister said on thursday after data showed the jobless rate hit the highest level this century at 10 percent . 
   `` the main idea is to make layoffs so expensive for companies that it 's not worth it , '' sapin said in an interview with france info radio . 
  prostitutes ? 
  sorry , i do n't talk with prostitutes , why would i ? 
  they 're gross , the idea of a woman being available to almost everything with everyone is really nasty , not something i 'd ever want to be associated with . 
  oh , sorry , he slipped in because i like him x ), 
  for a second there i thought your nickname was nigelfaggotfarage . 
  i 'm sure that was just an example and the authors of the video were in no way spreading a political message . 
  i made this little list some days ago and i really love everyone in it . 
  they 're all europeans and their all make great house and dance music . 
  :d afrojack , tiesto , laidback luke , deniz koyu , basto , david guetta , junior caldera , sebastien drums , martin solveig , axwell , steve angello , sebastian ingrosso , lykke li , avicii , eric prydz , cosmo klein , tim royko , sono , fragma , jean elan , jamie lewis , splity milk , sweet fromage , tinie tempah , calvin harris , example , faithless , outwork , inna , alexandra stan , swanky tunes , sak noel , pete tha zouk , richie campbell and rui da silva . 
  btw , i love the three last in your post , stereo love , mr saxobeat and caliente . 
   would you want to participate in a community where `` n * gger-cunt '' is casually thrown around ? 
  in real life it sounds odd , on the internet i already do . 
  it 's not the words themselves that can be considered offensive , it 's the meaning in which we use them . 
  russian ? 
  i might know some words like `` suka '' , `` bleht '' , `` troika '' and `` nasdrovia '' though i have no idea about how to write or read them correctly . 
  no , i do n't think i 'll ever be able to say `` cunt '' in russian , that 's not really a problem . 
  x ) btw , if you ever visit a portuguese speaking country and want to try your luck with a lady , tell them `` adoro as tuas mamas '' , it might work , you never know !, 
   perhaps even to the degree of sending their sons and daughters to die .
