  poland can into space !, 
   portugueuese http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qsl4huygxa, 
   this is where most eu-governments step in and help fund the next film enough that that 2 million-viewers can be seen as `` moderate winnings '' . 
  you say that as if it was a good thing , everybody is a little poorer to subsidise films nobody cares about and that 's good somehow because it was made here ? 
   `` do n't go watch us films '' is n't going to help . 
  they 're on the market . 
  they 're going to cut on the market share , no matter what . 
    without intervention , we only get those `` captain murica viii '' - type films . 
  so you 're going to make it more difficult to watch us films because ** you ** do n't like them ? 
  what 's next , forbid bananas because you find them distasteful ? 
  force people to use trousers because you do n't find shorts appropriate ? 
  do n't allow gays to marry because otherwise they 'd be too free to choose for themselves ? 
  that 's called being authoritarian , if you do n't want to watch something made in the us , then fucking do n't . 
  if you do n't like it that most people actually enjoy it , too fucking bad for you , do n't try and run their lives for them . 
   there 's nothing to choose from . 
  there 's not being a protectionist and an authoritarian and allow people to choose for themselves what they want to watch regardless of its origin . 
   what a naive libertard opinion . 
  what a a rude little troll . 
   after five years you are robbed of choices , because then you are only left between the option of tesco and wall-mart . 
  yep , that 's not because the government steps in and regulates entry into the marketplace at all . 
   the ones with bigger accumulated capital are the ones who rob me of choices and the community of local variety which is a big part of culture . 
  then someone in your community can open his own shop . 
  oh , right , the government makes it difficult for them . 
  perhaps what you need is bigger government , that 's the one entity that cares for the average people and not at all with big business , if only you could get the government to regulate some more , all the problems would be fixed , perhaps a government monopoly like the post office , railways or selling of beverages would be best , no ? 
   i said i was against increasing the amount of american programming of low quality . 
  you do n't have to worry about that , if it 's low quality , there wo n't be watched by many people anyway . 
   the thing about selling tv-shows is that they are n't sold per-show but by per-packet . 
  and tvs are free not to air it . 
  we do n't want or need anyone from the eu ( or anywhere ) saying `` oh , this is good quality , it should air in europe '' or `` oh no , this is bad programming , it must not air in the eu '' . 
   that 's why eu has directives about how big a percentile of programming must originate from eu . 
  and it 's because of shit like this that the eu is getting worse by the day . 
  if they could only stop regulating everything and let the citizens of europe decide for themselves , things would n't be slowly getting worse for us all . 
   directives such as this are undoubtedly against free-trade agreement . 
  yup , though it 's nothing new , if the eu supports free-trade then bashar al-assad supports peace . 
   i do n't want to live in a country where we all shop in the same brand shops and eat the same fast food shit and watch the same captain murica viii movies etc. 
  then do n't eat and do n't watch those things . 
  if someone else wants to do just that , you just have to let them do it , do n't try and run other people 's lives for them !, 
   do we really want a situation where cheap us produced garage wars-type programs take even bigger slice of television programming ? 
  or all the films at theatres are either hollywood made or at least inspired ? 
  that 's retarded , if you want to watch european made content , fine , do n't ruin it for the rest of us who rather watch american stuff . 
  this is protectionism but with regards to tv programming . 
  yes , i much rather watch stuff like game of thrones , breaking bad or californication than i want to watch something made here . 
  if you do n't like it , that 's your problem , do n't infringe on my rights and try and make it more difficult for me to watch the things that i want . 
  knock it off guys , this tribalism is pointless . 
   dom duarte pio de bragan\u00e7a is the real king !, 
   legal drugs !, 
  * decriminalised drugs , 
   or are their other parties so much left of the social democrates that they appear to be right ? 
  ( like saying the us democrats would be left-wing ) it 's because of the 74 revolution , after that everybody wanted to be as left-wing as possible and so all the major political parties reflect that . 
  you have in power the social democratic party ( akin to british conservatives ) in coalition with the social centre right ( which could be seen as some of the tories backbenchers or ukip ) , the main opposition is the socialist party ( similar to british labour ) , the left bloc and the communist party - as you can see , the main political parties ca n't be judged by their names :p, 
   they were actually unified for 60 years . 
  not unified , both countries remained separate with laws , citizenship and everything else separate , we just shared three monarchs in a personal union . 
   it translates to `` strawberries with sugar '' and it was a teen soap opera that poisoned the minds kids for over 15 years . 
  once i watched in the summer and it was kinda cool , the girls there were damn sexy xd, 
   to me it sounds more like someone talking funny romanian what that portuguese from brazil ? 
   oh god was that awful propaganda ... yep , sorry . 
  i also hate these corny videos that only make us look bad . 
   it 's been said this summer will be the coolest in about 100 years . 
  [ nope ] ( http://translate.google.co.uk/translate?sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http://www.tvi24.iol.pt/503/sociedade/calor-verao-frio-1816-tvi24/1454590-4071.html&amp;act=url ) . 
   there were such times ? 
  it was always a leftist circlejerk , even when i was lurking . 
  back when i started posting here , it was n't as left-wing as it is now . 
  but then again , there were fewer people and maybe this is just my selective memory at work . 
   i dont know man , im pretty glad childrens tv without 15 minutes of commercials for every hour of crappy cartoons exist in my country . 
  if you get your money 's worth , that 's fine for you , i guess . 
  we also have that here and i 'm opposed to it , there 's privately-owned paid tv channels with plenty of cartoons with very little commercials for everyone who wants his children to watch just that . 
  it being state-owned just makes sure that every taxpayer has to pay for it and that 's absolutely insane considering the massive dump that our public debt and taxes have made on our economy . 
   i liked / r/europe when there were less greek redditors ... and i liked it better when the r/europe was n't so filled with socialists . 
   not good . 
  private media listens to what their advertisers tell them , not to the interests of the society . 
  and state-owned stations are also not good , they listen to what the politicians in charge tell them , not to the interests of society . 
  case in point : this greek tv station paid its executives some 100.000 $ / year . 
   that 's the reason all developed countries have a public broadcaster that does n't mean it 's a good policy , plenty of developed countries also have trade barriers or do n't allow homosexuals to adopt and yet these things are bad and not good for society . 
   but it is equally important that the public broadcaster is not stuffed with corrupt management that got their jobs as political favours . 
  that or private citizens like you and be could buy shares and own part of them and as customers we could only watch the stations we find interesting meaning that it 's in the best interest of the privately-owned broadcasting stations to offer a good unbiased service otherwise they 'll lose business . 
  i personally just do n't want the state in the business of running a tv station with the taxpayers money . 
   bbc begs to differ . 
  bbc is funded with taxpayers money and they also have plenty of privately owned stations such as itv or channel four how do the exact same thing . 
  while the uk are rich enough to have a state-owned tv station , we 'd be much better off without rtp in the hands of the state . 
  it 's not the role of the state to run tv stations . 
   fortunately i do n't think in black and white , maybe you should too . 
  do you or do you not support the debt that rtp imposed on us all . 
  if you think it 's worth it , great , let 's privatise it so that you can buy its shares and everything , do n't foot the bill to the rest of the portuguese taxpayers . 
   let 's give that power to private companies , i 'm sure they all have the society well being at their most higher priority . 
  no , they have profit in mind . 
  which i 'm fine with , governments also do n't have our well-being in mind and , again , companies in a free market can only profit if they make a good service and have costumers whereas governments can do all the insane shit and be incredibly corrupted and it 's always the taxpayers that have to pay , the state never goes bankrupt , only its citizens . 
  so yeah , get the state out of the business and let people for profit run things , if they fuck up it will come out of their pocket , it 's much better than now where when the government fucks up you have to just deal with it . 
   no , the problem is not the owner but the way it is run . 
  if [ this ] ( http://www1.ionline.pt/conteudo/106729-conheca-os-salarios-milionarios-na-rtp ) happens in rtp , you pay for it . 
  if it happens in sic or tvi , they pay for it . 
  is n't this more than enough reason to privatise ? 
  are you really that deluded and think that there 's some d. sebasti\u00e3o out there that will get into power by being virtuous and not corrupt and that will manage everything perfectly for the good of the people and not take advantage of the powers given to him by his position ? 
   guess you never heard of a cartel or the impacts of the banking sector deregulation which are only an issue when the state continues to play a role . 
  cartels would n't exist if there were no licensing and registration and tons of bureaucracy , the second the companies started to raise prices , more would enter the market and lower them . 
  as for banks , blame the government for not having a decent judicial system and for bailing them out . 
   i 'm quite sure that that will happen for many millennia right after the founding of your totally feasible minarchist state . 
  i ca n't recall the last time a country such as switzerland or new zealand got itself in conflicts . 
  it might just be a coincidence but yeah , their intervention in the economy is minimal . 
   corrupt and unaccountable governments and laws are not a signal to privatize , it 's a signal that the people need to intervene and change the system . 
  and i 'll rephrase myself what i said in the other post : keep dreaming .
