  well , though they were born there , i 'm white european , and i do n't think that only us or white americans can be racist or that the original picture of rome compared to africa is racist . 
  once i start saying people x or y are inferior , do call me a racist . 
  if i just post a picture comparing europe to africa , let 's not get all jumpy and associate this with the real racism there was in the past , you know , when it was more than `` you might be hurting feelings '' . 
  i know it 's controversial , hence the downvotes , but let 's not try to bundle everything as just racism , that 's just wrong . 
  what does it matter where the server is located ? 
  did you know that the satellite transmitting the information from the server to all our computers is n't even on any specific country but rather in space on a low earth orbit ? 
  ( i presume , i know nothing about this technology or astronomy . . ), 
  no , germany , no !!, 
   austerity alone does n't work citation needed, 
  no , saying this is african culture would be racist : http://i.imgur.com/rquhe.jpg not that i can be much of a racist though , both my parents were born in africa . 
  sorry , bad hair day : http://i.imgur.com/jkwg1.jpg, 
   why the fuck would i ever want to identify with the above mentioned ? 
  with the whole yugoslavia business , no wonder you think like that . 
  that was yet more proof that focusing on differences can be problematic , certainly more so than focusing on the similarities . 
  speaking for myself , who never had any of those issues , identifying myself as an european comes naturally to me , though i 'm also aware than even countries like ireland are quite different than portugal , and the differences are even more noticeable if you travel eastward . 
   be who you are , and ditch the goddamn outdated ways of defining yourselves . . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not going to happen anytime soon . 
  tribalism seems to come naturally for us humans . 
  i guess it 's all fine if we focus on the good things and do n't hate each other over some nonsense though . 
  what were you expecting from the guardian ? 
  [ not like their situation is any better . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uvtjv.jpg ), 
  knock it off you guys , really , in a football thread discussing politics ? 
  yeah , it ca n't be worse than the [ massacre of munich ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29npnmwouu0 ) . 
  yeah , it 's only football , what gives ? 
  in the mean time , czech republic , we 're coming for you !, 
  ] ( http://images.wikia.com/bacon/images/5/5f/crispy_bacon_1-1-.jpg ), 
  why would they ever do that ? 
  it would be highly illegal , highly ineffective and the person who gave that order would certainly face jail time . 
  and you 're assuming it would somehow involve all of greece and that the whole issue would n't be fixed within a day , nobody would stand behind that , that whole scenario is ridiculous . 
  because what would be the point in that ? 
  why go through all that hassle when there were national currencies for that ? 
  also , as an european student , i have a question regarding the us debt crisis : why do n't they simply divide the dollar into different zones like a ne dollar for the northeast which is wealthier ( like new york , new jersey and new england ) and then another for the weakest ones like the great plains dollar ( eg . 
  wyoming , utah and colorado ) ? 
   500 years ago `` settler '' was shorthand for `` genocidal fundamentalist '' . 
  considering how we portuguese settled the new world and preferred to convert the natives rather than just kill them or sell them as slaves , sure , it was n't pretty by any modern standard but it was way better than what the spaniards or english did . 
  also , even without many portuguese around , blacks and natives stood for portugal and were very important in keeping the empire together , for centuries there was bloodshed in defending the empire , and it was n't only the portuguese defending it , we were all in it together . 
  this is n't nationalism , it 's the truth , history often wrongly portray us as violent colonialist murderers but we always were the softest ones , our focus was always in trading . 
  two quick examples to prove my point : [ socotra ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socotra )  in 1507 , a fleet commanded by trist\u00e3o da cunha with afonso de albuquerque landed an occupying force at the then capital of suq . 
  their objective was a portuguese base to stop arab commerce from the red sea to the indian ocean , and to liberate the presumed friendly christians from islamic rule . 
  here they started to build a fortress . 
  however , they were not welcomed as enthusiastically as they had expected and abandoned the island four years later , as it was not advantageous as a base . 
  [ macau ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macau )  macau prospered as a port but was the target of repeated failed attempts by the dutch to conquer it in the 17th century . 
  on june 24 , 1622 , the dutch attacked macau in the battle of macau , expecting to turn it into a dutch possession after its conquest . 
  the portuguese repulsed their attack and the dutch never tried to conquer macau . 
  the majority of the defenders were africans slaves , with only a few portuguese soldiers and priests . 
  captain kornelis reyerszoon was commander of the 800 dutch strong invasion force . 
    the dutch governor jan coen said after the defeat that `` the slaves of the portuguese at macao served them so well and faithfully , that it was they who defeated and drove away our people there last year '' , and `` our people saw very few portuguese '' during the battle . 
  his `` share the wealth '' measures and attempts to forbid businesses of even laying off people are clearly left-wing . 
  he 's a leftist , he might not be an extremist but he 's certainly not right . 
  you 're hilarious . 
   most of portugese debt is owed to portugese portug ** u ** ese, 
  to be fair , all politician lie to get into power and they all break a lot of promises , regardless of their political leaning . 
  hollande not a leftist ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the beginning of the end of greece 's tragedy ? 
  humanitarian crisis ? 
  if syriza wins , i 'd advise greeks to buy some lube and prepare their anuses , because in that case then they would be really fucked . 
  i mean , it 's their choice , if they rather have a default instead of austerity , good luck to them , they 'll need it . 
  fuck off you marxist idiot . 
  the regime was evil and my own grandparents were imprisoned by pide but that does n't make the soviet funded-guerrillas any better , they were the minority there and the ones murdering innocent civilians . 
   ( maybe some ex-colonies ) you mean maybe only brazil , right ? 
  it 's because it 's not an issue there . 
  while in some places it can make someone unelectable , here it 's as relevant as the color of their underwear . 
  and thankfully so , there 's separation of church and state for a reason , why should it matter ? 
  what does it matter if he 's an atheist or not here in europe ? 
   portugal used brutal tactics in africa . 
  it 's a fact . 
  both sides committed atrocities , but it was portugal that was the foreign occupier . 
  no , it was not , i just told you , the portuguese were the majority of the population , that 's like saying the americans are foreign occupiers hawaii or alaska . 
  have you never heard of the retornados ? 
  millions lost everything there and had to come back to portugal with nothing but their clothes on , and we 're not a populous nation , that 's a lot of the population . 
  not to mention that places like cabo verde or s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 e pr\u00edncipe were entirely colonized by us , they were deserted when we got there . 
  how is that foreign occupation ? 
  also , the portuguese did n't commit any of those atrocities , the people there never went around killing civilians nor did they commit terror acts and robbed , pillaged or raped . 
  even at the time , the dictatorial regime there was n't half as strong as it was in mainland portugal , you could be a soldier and criticize salazar there and your senior officers would just tell you to keep it quiet whereas in portugal itself you could face jail . 
  so get your story straight before criticizing others and do n't try to whitewash your history . 
  you know , from the civil war to martin luther king , from guantanamo to abu ghraib , from iraq to afghanistan , including vietnam and cuba , you have way more blood on your hands and have no business in telling others what they did in the past . 
  yes , against armed guerrillas funded by the ussr who targeted the white population , which was n't the minority near the coast . 
  do n't talk of what you do n't know , my own parents were born there during the war and , for example , my own mother 's school teacher and also the principal were once caught by the guerrillas in a raid they made on the school and ended up being decapitated and their bodies dragged around in technicals , these were good people who never had harmed anyone and were good friends at the time with my grandparents who ended up being murdered by just being there , though i guess it 's just easier to assume we were colonial oppressors when actually luanda at the time had more portuguese than lisboa itself . 
  and do n't fucking compare this to [ what your country still does nowadays ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/torture_and_the_united_states ) . 
  with settlers . 
  500 years ago . 
  yet it 's also true . 
  you do n't even need to leave the airport to see entire crowds cheering assholes who went overseas to murder . 
  in the mean time , you 're cutting back on the benefits of firemen , nurses and teachers . 
  your country is fucking crazy . 
  that 's your history in a nutshell , assholes with guns . 
  i 'm pretty sure greece is the one who has the most to lose here . 
  http://i.imgur.com/jufrf.jpg that 's a very strange president you have there , france . . 
   they are n't going to willingly leave . 
  they want to reform the societies and government to their liking . 
  good luck with that , they 'll never amount to anything with such a strong opposition by everyone else . 
   the far right loves the argument that the left-wing communists ( aka everyone else ) are oppressing them . 
  or the other way around , it can be the far left blaming the fascists ( aka everyone who disagrees with them ) to be oppressing them . 
  while we 're at it , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=9jpsgetpyfm#t=165s ) 's a video of a crazy deputy from madeira showing the nazi flag in their parliament saying the main party there is fascist . 
  the video goes on to show some of his other stunts . 
  also , [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3h1tkud_yc ) 's the video from his party in the last legislatives , making der untergang or gaddafi 's speeches subtitles mocking the leader of madeira 's government and playing around with cardboard guns , saying the revolution is near . 
  i hope you enjoy the videos as much as we do , while the government in madeira has some serious flaws , the way they handle them makes them laughing stock . 
  it 's hardly a rise of extremism . 
  sure , the crazies in greece might be increasing a bit because of the unpopularity of the mainstream ones , but it 's not like these groups who hardly can gather 5 % of the votes while spewing hatred and fear are going to get far .
