  how about menorca , a spanish island that was occupied by the uk for some ~ 50 years till spain got it back again by force ? 
  if you ask me , both the british and the spanish should just get off their high horses and stop acting like children . 
  no , i do n't think spain belongs in continental africa such as the uk does n't belong in the iberian peninsula , but what i 'm really concerned is not about who should or should n't be where but rather the pointless discussion and accusations that always start flying around when this matter is discussed , deviating from the real problems that affect us all . 
  english language , british culture . 
  and it would n't be like mixing up spanish and portuguese ( two separate countries ) , it would be like mixing up texan or californian with american ( two different states that are part of the same country ) . 
  i 'm not confusing england with the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland but fine , i 'll be more careful next time . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't think i do . 
  it really seemed like he was upset that the british were being pushed around and their culture being disregarded , which hardly could be farther from the truth . 
   we have our own culture like every other country on earth . 
  fucking deal with it . 
  yes , for too long the english culture has been suppressed . 
  wait , what ? 
  flip-floppers . 
  i 've seen worse in my daily commute . 
  nah , people are just pissed off and it 's easy to blame the germans . 
   until you do n't begin training kids in english when they are young , you can give them all the english lectures in this world at age 20 , but you 'll be speaking to a bunch of people who can tell you that the cat is on the table and nothing more not really , i only started learning english when i was 10 years old and i 've been this fluent since i was 13 . 
  however , most of my friends have english since 1st grade ( 6 years old ) and some of them still today would have a hard time telling a tourist what time it is and act like it 's inconceivable that some of our college texts are in english ( or french ) and demand translations for them . 
  well , why bother to go through college to get a better job later in life if you do n't even try to speak another language ? 
  gosh , that keyboard is an aberration !, 
  [ portuguese keyboard ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/kb_portuguese.svg ) vs [ british keyboard ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/kb_united_kingdom.svg ) . 
  i understand different languages require different keyboards , but you just went overdid yourselves with those changes , that 's not helpful at all in keeping everything universal and simple . 
  so you play a crucial role in the standardization of the metric system and do this with your keyboards ? 
  why ? 
  alt gr + 0 on a portuguese keyboard is } the keyboards must be very similar though , the only thing i recall you might have extra is the ae together and the two dots accent . 
  i had french classes for 3 years ( as it 's part of the national curriculum , if i 'm not mistaken ) and from what i recall , these were hardly used , so our keyboards must be basically the same . 
  i 'm yet to see someone who hates the greeks or greece . 
  the same ca n't be said about the incompetent fools who got into office there though , but unfortunately greece is n't alone in having bad politicians , poorly implemented measures and dubious interests leading the country . 
   he does not regret killing those people , seems like he achieved his goal . 
  a happy mass murderer . 
  way to go norway . 
  what 's the point of punishing him then , and what will hold back the next breivik from doing the same ? 
  he 's not happy , he 's insane . 
  and there 's nothing that can be done that could fix the harm he has done , killing him ( even if it was legally possible ) would achieve absolutely nothing , it would just mean we are like him in that we regard our own sense of justice more importantly than human life itself . 
  as for the next mass-murderer , nobody commits genocide like he did taking in consideration the legal repercussions . 
  a mass-murderer like him would n't kill less or be less willing to do what he did if they could risk a life sentence or the death penalty than he would if he could face 21 years . 
  there 's no winner in any of this , there 's only losses , and norway already lost a lot in utoya and in oslo . 
  they really should n't lose more , and going down to his level would n't be a victory , that 's for sure . 
  lol , that was hilarious , it seems i should be watching more sic news !, 
  i demand a translation !, 
   `` your mother is a whore '' essentially means `` you are an illegitimate child , you do n't even know who your father was , your power and status in society is very inferior , you are a loser in the power game '' . 
  when i call someone a son of a bitch ( filho da puta ) , i do n't think about any of that , i 'm just insulting them . 
  though , to be fair , it 's not one i like to use , if it 's disrespectful to curse someone , it 's even worse to curse their mother . 
  when i swear it 's mostly because something bad happened and i slip out a fuck ( foda-se ) or a shit ( merda ) or it 's when i 'm really mad at somebody and tell them to go to shit ( vai \u00e0 merda ) or go to the cock ( vai para o caralho ) . 
  kinda hard to translate this , but then again this is n't just linguistics , it can be an art . 
  [ original thread . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/tm809/timelapse_map_of_europe_from_ca_1000_ad_until_2005/ ) that map is great , too bad most nordic countries or some mediterranean islands are neglected , but it 's still a very good map indeed . 
  after seeing that map , one has to wonder , what does the future hold for us ? 
  it 's not that straightforward , a 5 % inflation does n't just make your 10 $ in your pocket worth ~ 9.50 $ , it makes everything - be it your house , your car , your bank account - worth less . 
  taxes create deadweight loss but they can be controlled and adjusted , they do n't affect everyone . 
  inflation , on the other hand , is straight up making everyone poorer . 
  the logic behind inflation is promoting investments and getting the economy back on tracks , the problem is we are not investing not because of lack of incentive but rather because lack of credit . 
  an increase in inflation now will hardly help us in creating growth but it will definitely hurt our purchasing power , if we are to make this decision , we definitely have to consider it , i for one am very skeptical about this , knowing how politicians work , it just seems they 're trying to delay the issue with inflation rather than tackle it head on which is stopping the debts from accumulating even further . 
  i was n't talking about this case in particular , actually cops might be those who most deserve their income . 
  i am referring to those who see this as an opportunity to capitalize on others ' misfortune and use this legitimate police grievance for political benefits . 
  it 's the easy way out , it 's not a viable long term solution , not even close . 
  the problem with these `` levers '' is how easy they can be used for other illegitimate means , and allowing inflation to be raised just sets a bad precedent . 
  i mean , yes , debt will be easier to pay . 
  but if everything is suddenly more expensive and the income stays the same ( or even decreases nominally ) , then the debt itself does n't look so bad at all , not when compared to the alternative . 
  sure , let 's keep an open mind and increase inflation a bit , but please , going any further than 4 % is just going to make things worse for all of us !, 
  inflation is n't a miraculous solution , it 's just delaying the problem by making everyone poorer . 
  how can this be considered good news ? 
  and greece was fucking moronic for cooking the books . 
  now everyone 's paying for it , and some of them still have the nerve to tell it 's the eu 's fault . 
  a real left-wing party also would n't say it 's to keep those in welfare without any hardships while everyone else pays the bill , but then again i 'm sorry if i do n't talk like a leftist , i do n't have much experience myself in being a hypocritical douche who takes pride in cheating the state . 
   savings are poor investments in low interest rate economies . 
  savings are poor investments amidst economical downturns . 
  it should be economics 101 that you save when the economy is booming and not the other way around . 
  as for the inflation part , sure , inflation encourages investments and not keeping the money stopped around , but it devalues the currency and makes the whole economy more worthless , unless those are some good investments , inflation is just delaying the issue . 
  specially when it 's inflation to pay off debts , sure , the debt comes down , but so does everyone 's net-worth , it 's one of those cases where the medicine can be worse than the disease it 's meant to cure . 
  `` hurr durr , tax those who work so does who do n't can afford to continue leaching the system ! '', 
  - message brought to you by your local left-wing party . 
  que ? 
  yes , unfortunately it is . 
  the worst part is when this bad data is used as an argument against democracy . 
  well , sometimes abstention is that high not because people do n't bother vote but because the voter lists do n't get updated and start getting filled with people who already died , for example . 
  foxnews.com ? 
  as an atheist , the other day i was having sex and my partner moaned `` oh my god ! '', 
  so i slapped that bitch right on the spot , i 'm not having any of that fundamentalism in my place . 
   `` a progressive europe should stand up to the banks and big business lobbies '' - social-europe . eu how about :  `` fox news is biased propaganda '' - blog post from progressiveneckbeard.com  `` sopa is bad and pirating should be legal '' - torrentfreak.com  `` weed is completely safe and cures cancer '' - 420uptoke . com  `` america is evil and the middle east is being oppressed '' - aljazeera.com [ source ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/ry9j6/ ), 
  i see your point , you just seem to be exaggerating things . 
  the way you word it , it seems greece will soon start shooting illegal immigrants on sight . 
   if there ever was a time and place to be a nationalist , it 's present-day greece . 
  care to explain how nationalism is justifiable or helpful , specially considering greece 's difficulties ? 
   does n't people learn anything from history ? 
  i think that was already established as the only thing people learn from history , that they never learn anything from history . 
   expect to see more support for the far right and ** the body-count will rise . 
  it 's not like they not an expense , they are , my siblings and i continue to spend a lot of our parents ' money , what i meant is that it would be a much greater expense if the state did n't intervene as it does , i went from the 1st to the 12th grade without paying a single tuition fees , just the materials like the books and so on and taxes , of course , and this is done on a national scale , it 's not that is inexpensive , it 's that the state pays the most of it . 
  :p maybe it 's because they close the tab and do n't continue to browse on it , like i did . 
   perhaps your links are n't nice and french enough , try something like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcyael3htbs ) . 
  yes , i am . 
  i remember the other day on the news they saying that there was some sense to the very low negatives in the school system because of how costly it is to keep kids in school , i do n't remember the values but it is a whole lot of money that the state has to pay if a kid fails his year . 
  and it 's only one example , the great majority of education and healthcare expenses to citizens under 18 are almost entirely state-covered , it can be costly to each one in particular but it costs even more to the state ( at least in the short term ) . 
  for a moment i found it very odd reddit suddenly being in french , even res , but then i noticed it , you linked it as fr.reddit.com . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/scandinavia_m2002074_lrg.jpg ) . 
   ( edit : i 've just decided to refer to them as zerotheists from now on . ), 
  you do n't have to , as they already have a name . 
  people who do n't believe in any god and do n't play much attention to religion like you and me are atheists . 
  people who do n't believe in any god and preach their non-belief like a religious fundamentalist are anti-theists . 
  unfortunately for us , the anti-theists over at [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) just serve as a circlejerk for non-believers and unnecessary hatred towards believers , though that does n't change the meaning of the words , it just proves that there are assholes regardless of what they believe in . 
  cumps ,
