   fuck the unemployed people . 
  if you really care about the unemployed then you would be asking for lower taxes and better business conditions , renegotiating with the troika will only mean harder financing for small businesses and that will lead to even greater unemployment . 
   this equation : x = ( mo ( a-d ) ) / ( y + p b1/2 ) is one that essentially proves that the eu is entirely undemocratic and devoid of transparency . 
  this equation bb = er/br is one that essentially proves that the uk is butthurt about their role in the world . 
  bb =  british butthurt , er =  european relevance in the world , br =  british relevance in the world . 
  considering that er is rising and br is decreasing , the bb levels are about to explode . 
   blogs home '' news '' politics '' alexandra swann  alexandra has been an outspoken member of ukip after defecting from the conservatives in march . 
  oh , so she 's a fruitcake , loony and closet racist . 
   `` i 'm sure the french authorities did not want to offend mr depardieu . 
  but if he 'd like to have a russian passport , consider it settled , '' mr putin said during his annual news conference on 20 december . 
  do n't they have laws for this in russia ? 
  can putin just give citizenship to whomever he likes ? 
  can he also revoke citizenship just like he grants it ? 
   the french actor , described by mr putin as a successful businessman and friend , has developed close ties with russia , which has a flat 13 % personal income tax rate . 
  13 % income tax ? 
  that 's low . 
   is not admiting defeat , is being rational , what is being demanded is not doable and will destroy the country . 
  what will destroy the country is we continuing to live above our means . 
  you might die in the mean time but suckers like me will remain around and i really do n't fancy the idea of working my whole life to pay for the excesses of those that came before me . 
   is about time the government starts to think about the portuguese and not only about the lenders , to have a hard look at the social catastrophe that is about to happen and for once think that it was elected by the people and not the banks . 
  if you 're going to say like the left here says and start mentioning the interest rates we pay then please stop , it 's incredibly naive to think that you could support our welfare state without foreign funding , if he did n't pay the interest rates people would stop loaning us and without their money , the social `` catastrophe '' would be much greater . 
   for someone so opposed to socialism you sure are a sucker for socialized banking , which is what 48 billion euros out of the 78 billion euros total of troika 's `` help '' are - 48 billion euros going directly to the banks . 
  socialized banking - i bet you never thought about it that way , but that is the truth of the matter , plain and simple . 
    so you want an alternative ? 
  reduce that sum for starters . 
  one the one hand , you 're absolutely right , on the other hand , if the banks failed people would lose their savings and the economy would collapse . 
  there needs to be more regulation to prevent this from happening and to enforce the current rules and we should then get the state out of the business of subsidising the banking sector . 
   then do n't make shitty business and do n't keep doing it once the troika gets here . 
  we 're talking about faulty business in the order of billions of euros of debt over the years , more than enough tobe the sole responsibel for our current situation . 
  the ppps ? 
  i still do n't know how we 're paying for those . 
  again , you 're right . 
   not the healthcare sytem , not the education system . 
  these also need to be made more efficient but you 're right , we need to set your priorities straight and these should be the last one to adjust . 
   bad business regarding banks , investors , territorial management , highways , you name it . 
  just recently with the bank bpn 7 billions absorbed to public debt because the bank was nationalized , and now it 's been reprivatized minus that debt . 
  once again , socialized banking . 
  agreed . 
   get rid of that , no more debt . 
  if only it was that easy . 
  it 's more than just that , it 's the unsustainable social security , the pensions which wo n't last for long as they are , all the buildings made in the socrates era , the ppps , that 's all dragging the economy down . 
  increasing taxes to pay for all of this is insane , specially now with all the unemployment and emigration we 're already feeling , that 's a recipe for disaster . 
  though my original point stands , we need austerity , we ca n't get out of this if we do n't cut public spending . 
   the alternative is simple , there needs to be a serious renegotiation with the troika about the agreement , and is not about not wanting austerity . 
  what would you try to change in the agreement ? 
  will you try to get lower interest rates or prolong the time of the bailout by going slower than this ? 
   the targets are impossible and even trying to reach them will destroy the country , and they will still not be met . 
  trying to lower your excessive public spending will destroy the country ? 
  really ? 
  how populist can you get ? 
   this wo n't be good for anyone since a country in shambles wo n't pay anything to anyone , will be just like greece . 
  if anything , to avoid being just like greece we have to not do just that , they are the ones trying to renegotiate and trying to get a better deal when they 're just not in a bargaining position . 
  we must commit to this and show everyone we 're not greece , that we can handle our debt and that it are n't in risk of letting it spiral out of control . 
  even better , what we should be doing is letting them know that we really do n't need them in the first place and that we 'd just as well be able to deal with our shit ourselves , it 's not a great bluff but it would certainly put us in a better position with our lenders and them , if the time was necessary , we 'd renegotiate a better deal , one which would n't even be compared to us now trying to renegotiate because we 're telling them it 's too much and we ca n't take it , that 's admitting defeat and while things are difficult , if we did that they 'd only get worse - and greece is proof of this . 
   this is what needs to be done , and is the alternative and will happen , sooner or later , the only question is how bad will portugal be when it is done . 
  so we just need to renegotiate and take more time with austerity ? 
  that 's it ? 
   as a bonus fire relvas , the man is a stain . 
  a government without relvas will be a better government . 
  i do n't care for him as well . 
   the fact that greek finances were a mess does not mean that there were no other factors contributing to the current situation . 
  indeed , but to talk about `` reckless foreign banks '' , that 's outright populism , your debt to gdp ratio certainly did n't rise to such astronomic values because in the usa they kept their interest rates too low for too long and failed to properly determine the risks of the investments they were making . 
  dude , we 're talking about the greek government finances , if your government got into debt it 's because it spent more than the taxes it could collect and had to loan money , do n't blame it on the banks that loaned money to the greek state , they were n't the ones asking for financing , blame your own state for decades having spent way more than what it had . 
   the greek problems are no excuse for the irresponsibleness of financing institutions around the world . 
  and greece is going to punish the financial institutions around the world ? 
  the heck ? 
  [ gdp annual growth rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/gdp-annual-growth-rate ) - other than libya , it seems yours is the country that plummeted the most . 
  if the world financial institutions are so bad , why is your country only surpassed by a country who just came out of a civil war ? 
  knock it off with the scapegoating , stop acting as if this was everybody 's fault but greece 's !, 
   and it is also fact that right now that a ridiculous percentage of greek taxes go towards paying back the mistakes of such institutions . 
  what mistakes ? 
  the fact that they loaned to greece in the first place and now you do n't want to pay them back ? 
  i 'm sure they wo n't make that mistake so easily in the future , considering that your interest rates are enormous . 
  good going , blame it all on the banks and tell them to fuck off . 
  it 's not like you need their financing to work as a state , or is it ? 
   it 's one thing to say that greece needs to own up to its mistakes , but quite another to absolve everyone else of all responsibility . 
  again , what are you paying for that you should n't , exactly ? 
  the interest rates of the loans of the greek state ? 
   is it so hard to believe that an entity may have made mistakes but also be victimised ? 
  the real victim here is common courtesy . 
   when even cavaco says since when what he says makes any sense ? 
   we are in a recessive spira , and that the path needs to be changed because it will be a disaster , then maybe , the alternative is not being completly insane and start to think about the country needs instead of what the troika wants . 
  sure , down with the troika , we do n't need them , we only need their money , right ? 
  i said the following and now i 'll translate so the rest of the folk here can read it as well  \u00c9 que para criticar est\u00e1 toda a gente sempre pronta , para dar alternativas vi\u00e1veis , isso \u00e9 que j\u00e1 \u00e9 mais dif\u00edcil . 
  `` to criticise , everybody is always ready , to present viable alternatives , that 's a bit more difficult '' . 
  so now tell me vayl , what does the country need ? 
  give me a viable alternative to what 's currently being done . 
   what the hell is a syndie ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syndicalists ), 
   you do n't need to shed a tear , although i find your lack of sensibility bordering on sociopathic , just do n't make fun of it ; there 's nothing funny about what people are going through right now or during the great famine . 
  it 's not lack of sensibility , it 's that it 's always the same thing over and over again , i kinda have grown a bit immune to all our whining , we have it so good when compared to most of the world and yet we have to act as if we 're waiting to be executed . 
  look at you just now , comparing this with the great famine , how fucking insane is that ? 
  sorry if i come off as inconsiderate but honestly i 'm just sick that we always have to almost glorify our misfortunes , ca n't stand to see the glass half full and , surprisingly enough , it 's always someone else 's fault that things are bad for us . 
  but then again , i do find [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32-mipx47-k ) funny , so i guess you might be right after all . 
   it 's like taking some sick pleasure from a prisoner being ass raped in jail . 
  hey he deserves what he 's getting , right ? 
  wtf ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  no , i do n't take pleasure in other 's pain . 
  nor do i think anyone getting raped is any just .
