    ** `` there may be delays on the jubilee line '' **   `` there may be delays on the jubilee line ; and let me tell you something , that 's why i never take public transport '' you forgot the others , these are hilarious !, 
   `` n\u00e3o \u00e9 a conquista que importa , \u00e9 a parte tomar '' tomar is a city in portugal but it 's clearly not what they meant , they meant `` tomar '' as in `` to take '' . 
  it still does n't make any sense though . 
  `` n\u00e3o \u00e9 a conquista que importa , \u00e9 a parte tomar '' means `` it 's not the conquest that matters , it 's the part take '' . 
  if they wanted to say `` it 's not the winning that matters , it 's the taking part '' they should have said `` o que importa n\u00e3o \u00e9 ganhar , mas sim participar '' ( `` what matters is n't to win , it 's to participate '' ) . 
  it 's the same thing with brazil , goes to show they just used google translate on the 6th most spoken language in the world , so i guess they really do n't care . 
  good humor but not politics . 
  and , honestly , both ajj and pnd are awful . 
  your far less is still a lot !, 
  not paying tuition fees and then having to pay so much for everything else kind of beats the purpose . 
  i with that yearly income , i 'd be able to afford all expenses regarding college for an year and would still be left with some ~ 19500 $ . 
  or , if you look at it from another way , $ 21k ( what he makes in a year after taxes ) is enough for me to go all the way through college 4 times ( considering i do it in the 3 years ) . 
  one does n't need to live here where the weather 's great to know what i 'm talking about . 
  everyday i seem to catch tourists in the subway , specially now that summer is right here . 
  they also get a taste of it . 
   they 're lovely , let me tell you that . 
  it 's not only the great weather , it 's the great people from all over europe who come here on holidays . 
  the antenna time ( tempo de antena ) , you know , whenever there 's election and all parties have loads of free time to broadcast their crazy ideas in prime time tv with taxpayer 's money . 
  it 's an essential part of the democracy but they often exaggerate and it leads to jokes like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3h1tkud_yc ) being broadcast right before the evening news , and frankly , if they get all these benefits just for existing , they have it pretty good and should n't be demanding more !, 
  they clearly get their message across and people just are n't interested !, 
  oh , and regarding my example , it 's just the first example i could find , there are some even worse than that , if hitler montages and people playing with cardboard machine guns were n't enough being shown to everyone on rtp were n't bad enough . 
   page not found  we could n't find the page you were looking for . 
  either way , regarding the title , there 's no hardship on the periphery to preserve the center . 
  what there really is a general effort by all member-states to consolidate their accounts and not get runaway public debts , as that 's harmful to the union as a whole . 
  it so happens that , for several different reasons , the periphery countries are having an harder time in doing such , because the hardships and goals are the same for everyone . 
   maybe they do n't have more than 2 % of support because they do n't have more air time in the state media , the same media that 's supposed to exercise electoral law during election periods . 
  that 's just wishful thinking , they already have hours of free time where they spread their ideology . 
  people know about them , they just laugh at them . 
  and quite rightly so , it 's hard to take them seriously . 
   thanks for proving me right by not providing concrete examples supporting your claims . 
  me not giving concrete examples does n't prove you right . 
  not to mention you also are n't giving any concrete examples yourself . 
  it is n't . 
  change is in dire need but that does n't mean it will collapse . 
  [ there , i just drew him . 
  and even now they failed . 
  to all the swedish , you are like the worst terrorists ever !, 
   i hope you 're proud of how portugal 's rightwing politics of the last 35 years have worked so far !, 
  everything is socialized , astronomical public debt , the state pays for everything . 
  i wonder how this even resembles rightwing politics . 
  and no , i do n't consider neoliberal to be an insult nor do i consider myself a neoliberal , i 'm in fact very centrist , not enough left to be ps but not right enough to be psd . 
  take it as you want it . 
   pcp honored the north korean people . 
  they said they did n't agree with kim jong il 's take on left politics , but still mourned him out of respect for the nk people . 
  why am i not surprised you did n't read their message ? 
  i not only read it , i shared it with others . 
  it was purely in bad taste and they worded it in a way that the offenders looked like the usa or south korea , when in fact it was nk who invaded the south . 
  i 'm just not going to argue against such propaganda detached from reality . 
   i know , demanding equal and fair treatment ia a crazy idea , right ? 
  equal and fair ? 
  do n't they have tons of air time paid by the taxpayer already ? 
  i 'm not against that , what i 'm against is their attitude of entitlement , no , them ( or any other crazies , be them pnr , pnd , ppm or pous ) can even get 2 % of the votes , why should they have the same air time as those who represent the will of hundred thousand of millions of portuguese ? 
  that 's not equality , that 's clearly shoving your beliefs down everyone else 's throats !, 
   it looks like you 're blaming each party for all of their bullshit combined . 
  that 's quite petty . 
  that 's just two examples , though i 'm not going to bother to give more , i 'm do n't think i can change your opinion and i doubt you 'll change mine so i rather just focus on other things . 
  i already spend way too much of my evenings and nights on the internet !, 
  i 'd rather not have to tell others how great things are but rather just have a great time !, 
   and i do plan on spending more of my nights out , you know . . just going out with friends , drinking beer and some shots , listening to some blasting to house music , getting more than used to the smell of tobacco and weed and overall having the nicest time with the best looking babies not wearing much because the temperature is just great !, 
  i mean , the internet 's not bad , it 's certainly cheaper than going out , but the fun that one can have out there surely beats sitting in front of the monitor !, 
   i 'm a student , and i live very comfortably on my student loan + a part time job , totaling at about $ 21,000 a year after taxes . 
  21.000 $ / year ?? 
  damn !!, 
  i 'm also a student and i only pay 1000 $ / year in college tuition fees , and this is my biggest expense !!, 
  other than that , i pay 27 $ / month on transportation fees ( i live only 45min away by bus and subway ) and eating there costs only 2.30 $ , though i always lunch at home because i eat better and it 's cheaper . 
  regarding school material , it 's also negligible , i can handle myself with two notebooks , the calculator i have since my 5th grade and some photocopies . 
  i mean , i 'm not the best example , i 'm in a [ public college ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/university_of_porto ) , i still live with my parents and even get them to cook for me , i never had to work nor did my parents had to take a loan to get me in college ( though they 're not exactly rich , they just saved when i was younger ) . 
  but still , even with all this , the highest i know someone pays in tuition fees is 5000 $ / year , and that is in the best [ private college ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universidade_cat%c3%b3lica_portuguesa ) , no wonder that 's expensive , and even though , compared to 21k $ / year , that 's a small amount . 
  1750 $ / month , that 's more than twice higher than the average full time wage here , and i 'm talking without taxes !, 
  i think the worst thing might just be the cold dark weather . 
  it 's these warm sunny days where all the girls are pretty and everybody seems to be enjoying themselves that make me happy of my country , i just ca n't see myself ever moving away from this wonderful weather . 
  i do n't really want to start another portuguese politics discussion and going again over how ridiculous the far left is , we already have enough of that in / r/portugal and besides i have my finals to study for . 
  i was n't alive when the revolution happened and therefore i can only judge them from what they say and do now , and yes , honoring the death of kim jong il or disrupting tv broadcasts to complain about the lack of democracy when all the small parties have loads of free time on tv to spread their crazy ideas , yes , both parties seem like an utter joke to me . 
  not really unelected , just like one votes for a party or a politician and then does n't have any say in their decisions , we voted for the members of the ep and it was them who got barroso where he is now . 
  sure , it could be a more direct process , but it 's not like he could all vote for or against everything coming out of the eu , just like what already happens with most of the national-level legislation , it 's the political parties chosen in elections that have a say in this . 
  do n't worry though , barroso has little power and anything the eu can come up with , the member-states can reject/veto . 
  i do agree with you , however , the eu needs to be more efficient and its politicians more accountable . 
  to be fair , in the aftermath of a left wing military coup that overthrew the fascist estado novo that ruled for over half a century , nobody who wanted to be taken seriously would not be supportive of left wing policies . 
  and barroso at the time was only 18 years old . 
   they 're so to the left that they thought the communist party ( pcp ) was n't left enough and more like to the right . 
  mrpp members even used to crash on pcp 's reunions and give a beating to everone present . 
  and the pcp said the mrpp was funded by the cia . 
  and cdu ( pcp+g reens ) and mrpp together accounted only 9 % in the last legislative elections . 
  they 're a joke now . 
   commie barroso lol !!!!!!!!, 
  i 've heard that cold weather was the reason why we discovered the world , because here it 's cold in the winter and so we went to africa and south america , where the natives are topless all year . 
   77f sorry , we do n't speak uncivilized . 
  it 's hard to deal with international issues when the british say one thing , the french other and the germans yet another . 
  that 's just more arguments for a real representative of the eu . 
  and regarding the balkans and greater europe , a unified europe should n't be about who 's or not european but rather who wants to be part of this european project . 
  the balkans seem to have enough on their plate to be worrying about the eu and it 's certainly their decision and not ours if they want in or not . 
   i 'd be more up for something like that than the current massive cultural ` melting pot ' . 
  i 'm still fully for the open borders and the possibility to live and work wherever within the union but trying to bundle all these different cultures together would be just insanely impossible . 
  besides , what 's important is the cooperation between us europeans and a single voice to the outside world . 
  not someone from wherever telling iberians , italians and irish that they should all do the same , as that clearly would not work , these countries have different problems and different ways to tackle them . 
   basically , though further integration is n't a bad thing , centralized government is n't required outside of areas such as foreign relations or security . 
  there needs to be a balance , greece and portugal should have the same public debt standards as germany and denmark but nobody is willing to give up their full sovereignty ( for example , portuguese drug laws or maximum sentences are fine the way they are , we do n't want them changed by anyone , specially if they come from the outside ! ) . 
   look at greece and germany . 
  so much friction . 
  not just the politics , but people 's attitudes and opinions .
