   not to mention if the cap was relegated to national governments again , each would probably end up spending more than what they put into the cap . 
  that 's not true and even if it was , it would be the choice of each and every member-state , not something decided for us by the french in brussels . 
   it is a form of protectionism so that eu farmers do n't go out of business while also ensuring a level playing field when it comes to farming practices you say that as if it was a good thing . 
   it 's probably the first and the last time i 'm saying it . 
  why ? 
   greece , i forgive you 1 cent of debt . 
  greek gdp in 2012 : ~ 220.859.000.000 $ greek public debt in 2012 : ~ 376.785.000.000 $ greek 10y bond interest rate in 2012 : ~ 25 % i may be doing this wrong but by doing 376785 * ( ( 1,25 ) to the ( 1/3652 .5 ) ) -376785 i came to the conclusion that in a single day , the greek debt increases by 23.000.000 $ with interest only . 
  every cent is worth it but that 's not enough , you 'll have to do more if you want the greeks to pay you back . 
   greeks are a superior race remember 1453 . 
  do n't you mean israel ? 
   maltese votes count more per capita , but it 's incredibly much easier to get more meps in germany . 
  that might have to do with the fact that germany has over 200 times more people than malta . 
   i have never seen so much hatred and anger in elections as the american ones . 
  americans must live off hatred and anger , at least that 's the only thing they seem to broadcast . 
  the eu has its own central bank in frankfurt , the issue here is that the rest of europe is n't willing to devalue to pay for the excessive reckless spending they did n't commit . 
  i personally think you 're exaggerating what monetary policy can achieve ( or underestimating the very serious inflation that would plague greece if you just printed the debt away ) . 
  portugal only managed to get its inflation under control after it committed itself into joining the euro , beforehand politicians could just continue spending without levying the taxes required and everyone paid later when their purchasing power was hit by inflation , from our perspective , the euro was great in that our politicians can no longer do any such thing , they either reduce the spending or they raise taxes , while it might not be popular during an election , it 's the only sustainable long term policy . 
   the theory was that the multiplier for cutting spending was less than 1 because the private sector would get a boost from it and would then spend more complete and utter nonsense , if we talk about the government spending ( disconnected from everything else - like in the multiplier ) , then the most the state spends , the best the private sector will be . 
  however ( and for this we must look past the multiplier ) state spending requires taxes , and these have a negative multiplier on the gdp , so it 's not a case of simply looking at the multipliers , it 's a case of looking at the benefits and the costs , including the opportunity costs . 
  one ca n't say `` if the state spends 100 million euros , the economy will grow 150 million euros , so we must do this '' while ignoring the costs associated to the 100 millions euros in taxes ( or 100 million euros * interest as is the case with portugal and greece that spent money they borrowed ) . 
   you know like the libertarians keep saying that the government gets all the credit and then there 's not enough on the market for the private businesses . 
  no , i do n't know any such thing . 
  a lack of market for the private sector ? 
  who said that nonsense ? 
   it 's not totally stupid as in some situations the multiplier is indeed less than 1 , particularly if your cuts also allow you to lower your taxes , or your main trading partners are growing , but greece was in a completely different scenario . 
  the multiplier evaluates things separately . 
  simply put , the keynesian multiplier only measures the amount that dissipates from the economy either through savings , through taxes and through imports . 
  though as i 've said earlier , you ca n't look at things separately , you must take into account that the state spending their resources some way will mean they will not be able to spend it some other way and that everything they spend also has to be paid for . 
  with regards to greece , the option of them continuing to spend is simply out of the picture , they find it impossible to levy more through taxes and people are n't willing to lend them money , not without very high interest rates , so it 's not like they have much choice either way , regardless of the multipliers . 
   but yes , from greece 's financial position they could have only ran the deficits they needed to if the central bank had supported them in keeping bond yields down . 
  sadly , that 's the kind of support you can only really count on when you have your own currency . . not so fast as expanding the money supply like that can cause runaway inflation and so there would still be serious consequences , both taxation or inflation can cause a great harm to the purchasing power of an economy . 
  not to mention the liquidity trap you 'd most definitely get yourself into and the harms that can arise if you keep the interest rates artificially low for too long with people miscalculating the risks leading to malinvestments and creating bubbles . 
  there 's really no magic tricks that one can do to balance a budget , if we look at the successful economies of europe or the world , much of their success comes from their governments not spending more than what they could afford . 
   yey finally , imf admits that austrian economics are bullshit !, 
  did the imf ever said they were n't ? 
   really ? 
  then why did they thought it was going to be around 0.5 or 0.7 . 
  either way it 's bigger than 1 so it 's not getting them any closer to sustainability quite the contrary . 
  the multiplier being above 1 is the norm , not the exception . 
  if it was .5 or .7 then it would be very odd indeed , that would mean that the state spending 1 $ would increase the gdp by .5 $ or .7 $ which is ludicrous , the state spending goes directly into the gdp , the thing that could cause that was if the rest of the economy suddenly started consuming less or importing more or something like that . 
   i agree , and right now , with the current recipe they are accumulating more debt . 
  if they want to stop accumulating debt they will have to pay back their loans and stop getting more of those . 
  and that will require a great effort on their part to balance their public budget . 
   this is kind of what they have been doing in slow motion . 
  then they ca n't give mixed signals . 
  they 're still trying to pay back their loans with interest , right ? 
  they 're still pushing through the imf reforms , are they not ? 
   the imf justified austerity by saying that the multiplier was < 1 , around 0.6 from memory . 
  this meant that every dollar the government was spending , the private sector was for some reason spending 40c less than it otherwise would have . 
  if the multiplier is under 1 then something is definitely wrong . 
  if the state spent 1 $ and the gdp grew only 0.6 $ then something is not right as the state 's spending goes directly into the gdp . 
   with hindsight , the imf has had to admit a massive error - it turns out that the government does increase spending after all . 
  with a multiplier around 1.7 , it would have seemed more reasonable to spend until tax revenue is high again , but alas , the damage has been done . 
  the problem is n't government spending in itself , it 's how the state finances this in the first place . 
  it either taxes its citizens ( meaning reduced wealth for the families and companies to spend and a negative multiplier on that ) or it gets into debt delaying the taxation into the future ( which means that on the short term everything is just peachy but on the long run you 'll still have to tax to fund the government spending and the taxation will be worse because it will have interest on top ) . 
  the problem with greece was that not only it spent insane amounts of money while constantly delaying on its obligation , it 's that these investments certainly did n't pay off , not like they expected at least , otherwise the greek economy would nowadays be one of the strongest and it is n't , it 's actually in a lot of trouble and it 's much worse now with the debt weighing on top of it . 
   no it 's not low at all . 
  it 's extremely high . 
  extremely high ? 
  dude , the multiplier is often around 2 . 
  in the greek case it 's actually quite low as they import a lot and their taxation is very high . 
   sure , and do you want them to eventually pay some of it or just do small defaults every year as they progressively have less money to pay it with ? 
  i do n't understand how them continuing to accumulate debt can be in the slightest beneficial to greece . 
  what they should be doing is immediately stop all spending that is n't strictly necessary or just default and tell their creditors to fuck off . 
  either way , things are n't looking good for greece , now they ca n't continue living off the loans of other countries , there will have to be readjustments one way or the other . 
   we know the policy was a net harm ever since the imf admitted that they messed up with the multipliers and apparently greece has a pretty high one around 1.7 , maybe more . 
  1.7 is actually very low . 
  you do n't know how multipliers work . 
  multiply this : 170 debt to gdp ratio . 
   what are you referring to ? 
  it was a failed attempt at humour , i was referring to the immigration of africans into sweden . 
  [ western roman empire and eastern roman empire ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pinwbhj.png ), 
   thatcherism has spread ? 
  good luck sweden , you 'll need it !, 
  [ implying that thatcher was a bad leader ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kd4qpyk.jpg ) . 
   if it 's of any consolation , i do n't really share my danish brother 's view when it comes to our politicians . 
  want to trade ? 
  that will teach you to not go for space victory , mansa musa !, 
   i 'm just not banned yet . 
  i 'm also no longer banned :p, 
  long story short , a guy on spacedicks posted a pic of a dick inside a mlp plushie saying `` r/mylittlepony did n't like this '' but i checked his profile and he had n't done any such thing . 
  so i did crosspost it to r/mylittlepony , and posted a link to that thread in the original spacedicks one . 
  turns out the op from spacedicks was a mod in r/mylittlepony and that got me banned in both reddits . 
  afterwards the ban on r/spacedicks was lifted and i never even watched mlp so the whole thing was actually hilarious . 
   it seems like you 're pretty popular . 
  [ did you know that over 50 % of my karma comes from this subreddit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/10urv1h.png ) ? 
   i got banned last month banned from r/pyongyang ? 
   from your post , however , i take it that only parks are suposed to be sold , so i guess that is not a risk here . 
  sorry , i forgot to mention , i was talking about the situation that i know of here in portugal :p, 
   but if the new owner decides to use the trees for building matereals or decides to start growing energy forests ( i do n't know the proper term ) i see a possibility that the area is fenced off in an attempt to hinder damage to the trees . 
  they 're not allowed to do that , it 's against the law , the parks must have some percentage ( tends to be  80 % ) covered by trees , they ca n't buy a park with the intention of chopping the whole place down and sell the lumber , that would violate the contract and the environmental laws . 
   if the government keep the forest area , selling a few trees once in a while and then replanting , they will instead be able to gain a steady income and profit more over time . 
  state capitalism does n't work like that , the private sector is much more efficient in doing that as it will never be under the unaccountability of the bureaucrats or under the pressure of special interest groups , which ca n't be said about state owned business . 
  between the state keeping the forest area ( which may or may not end up being a profit over the years ) or the state selling it and allow the private sector to manage it ( which will definitely result in a profit for the state ) and then taxing this new business ( which will guarantee a steady income and profit over it ) , the later is a much better solution , after all , it 's not the role of the state to manage on these issues , the state ought to focus on what 's really important and not spread all around trying to run the whole country for everybody . 
   noone would be interested to buy the forest unless they thought that the move would generate profit . 
  then if nobody buys it and privatisation is therefore not possible because there 's nobody interested , i guess the state will have to support the costs . 
  though if there are people interested , the state really should take advantage and profit from the situation as there are much more important sectors for the state to allocate its resources . 
   and there is also the whole citizens wanting to be able to roam the forest . 
  i 've been in private parks and nobody barred entrance , that would be bad for business . 
  they charge for parking if you go there in your car , they charge if you want to eat something and they have a bar in there , they try to charge where they can , but they do n't just say `` private property '' and not allow people to come it as then people would just go elsewhere and the owners would lose out on the small income they might otherwise get .
