  if i had to choose between the neo-keynesians and the austrians then i guess i 'd go with the austrians though i must say the chicago school is overall the one with which i agree the most . 
   you social liberal untermensch but but ... all my goals and objectives are well-intended , properly defined and perfectly achievable !, 
   egalitarianism does n't necessarily improve society . 
  i did n't watch the video but you 're absolutely right . 
  if the guy was arguing for that and the typical `` oh , there 's such inequality , the government needs to step in ( even further ) and correct this '' was his argument , i 'd advise him to first read some history or economics book , those will constantly prove him wrong . 
  ( if he was n't arguing for that then i 'll look like a fool but whatevs ) . 
   does n't finland and japan have the highest suicide rates in the world despite being the most equal countries ? 
  in contrast some of the most unequal nations have some of the lowest suicides rates . 
  now i 'll switch sides and argue against you :p a better society ( be it with regards to average wealth or with regards to wealth dispersion ) does n't necessarily mean lower suicide rates , there 's much more factors that count into that . 
   tfw ron paul will never be your leader ; _ ; [ tfw when he wants austrian monetary policy and not master race keynesianism ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mtg3ote.gif ) . 
   a marxist anarchist atheist professor and feminist activist was teaching a class on s\u00e9bastien faure , known syndicalist . 
    '' before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship faure and accept that anarcho-syndicalism is the most highly-evolved ideology the world has ever known , even greater than social conservatism ! ''   at this moment , a brave , conservative , freikorps soldier who had disbanded over 1500 trade unions and understood the necessity of realpolitik and fully supported all mitteleuropa satellite states stood up and held up a map of alsace-lorraine . 
    `` who owns this land , frenchfag ? '', 
    the arrogant professor smirked quite jewishly and smugly replied `` it 's not not owned by anyone , fucking reactionary , its ` ownership ' belongs to the communities that live on it and not any states . ''   '' wrong . 
  its been 65 years since the german reich annexed it . 
  if it was not owned by any state , and anarcho-syndicalism , as you say , is real ... then the workers there should have formed free labour unions by now . '', 
    the professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his chalk and copy of the cgt manifest . 
  he stormed out of the room crying those ironic syndi tears . 
  the same tears syndicalists cry for `` the working class '' ( which today works so few that they barely have 60 work hours per week ) . 
  there is no doubt that at this point our professor , rudolf rocker , wished he had been conservative and become more than a brainless political activist . 
  he wished so much that he had could find , a state to fall back on but he himself had argued against it !, 
    the students applauded and all registered deutschkonservative partei that day and accepted wilhelm ii as their kaiser . 
  an eagle named `` sedan '' flew into the room and perched atop the reichskriegsflagge and shed a tear on the chalk board . 
  heil dir im siegeskranz was sung several times , and bismarck himself showed up and converted all catholics to protestantism . 
   took me a while disgraceful . 
  there 's a reddit for this , it 's called [ r/polandball ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/ ) . 
  yeah , i know , that 's why i asked if this was a too nasty and idiotic idea :p, 
   what are you going to achieve ? 
  they 'd have to buy it back at the market valuation which , providing the greek economy and eurozone is returning to some sort of normalcy , is going to be higher than they 're going to be selling it off for now . 
  also , where is greece going to get the funds to buy it back from ? 
  that 's not a [ nationalisation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationalisation ) , a nationalisation would imply seizing the companies , not buying them . 
  yeah , i know it 's a silly idea in this globalised world , the russians would then be fucking pissed and probably would freeze all greek and perhaps even european assets they had till they were compensated . 
  ow , that was delightful , restored level = faith in mankind . 
   because , with the way economy works currently , if you continue that long term you will become the 3rd world country you are ripping off right now . 
  explain . 
   there is this cute notion that cheaper production elsewhere is not based on the lowering of any standard they can find and that transport cost magically does n't exist . 
  so adam smith and david ricardo got it all wrong ? 
   i will forge the trillion dollar coin and try to pay for a lollipop with it and then ask for the change . 
  obama wanted change all along but i just now realized that it was big change and not pennies . 
  hey i watched that in the colbert report . 
  good times . 
  will the referendum happen before or after the scottish independence referendum ? 
  would it be too nasty to sell it to the russians and nationalize in the following elections ? 
   now , now , we want to export our stuff and crush other markets , not import their stuff . 
  i want to import their stuff , if it 's cheaper than the stuff made here , why not ? 
   we could attach the flags to our penises that sounds painful . 
  the only thing i want to attach to my penis is the gorgeous woman i 'm after , i do n't want it even close to an eu flag , that sounds wicked and crazy : x, 
   the european federation sounds better , in my opinion . 
  i have 4 suggestions : * european union * european federation * european confederation * europa personally , i 'd stick with european union , it 's fine the way it is :p, 
   yeah , i sometimes have my alarmclock/radio on classical station as well , but it gets shit range so it 's usually just kgggzzztt . 
  i never do that , my alarm is the one of my cellphone and i hate it because of that - if i set my alarm to a radio , i 'll start hating it and the songs that it plays when it wakes me up . 
  as for the internet , yeah , it 's awesome =d, 
   ooh , close . 
  actually slightly earlier ; december 1989 . :p you 're from the 80s but i 'm a 90s bitch then xd  i 'll try antena 2 later , though i probably would n't be able to understand the in-between song talking radio staitons usually do . 
  :p they hardly talk , you should check it our more during the day , they broadcast quite often austrian opera and i 'm starting to fancy it because of that :p, 
   it 's nice-ish , but not quite [ 1 ] nice enough to stop holst for . 
  :p   ( i 'm not from the 70s : i ) that one is nice , i also enjoy classical music , in fact , just now i 'm listening to [ antena 2 ] ( http://www.rtp.pt/popups/antena-2 ) , it 's a portuguese state-owned radio which only broadcasts those , you might enjoy it x ) as for the 70s , yeah , i did n't think you are . 
  looking at you , i 'll say you were born in 1991 , no ? 
   i might have to buy some of these just incase i need to let out emotions . 
  is n't there `` raise the flag '' an euphemism for `` boner '' ? 
  though i 'm guessing a flag pin is also fine xd, 
   meh , imo / r/europe has enough loonies that additional trolls are n't necessary . 
  makes it difficult to tell which one is serious . 
  :p bah , jas was an obvious one . 
  also , he was n't like one of those that only shows up in some discussions like immigration , no , he was everywhere getting people upset , i really liked his style x ), 
   eh , never liked him much either . 
  lacked subtlety , imo . 
  yeah , he did , and it drove some people mad . 
  that and the originality of it , you ca n't compare him with txampion , for a bit he only went `` sweden pay debts '' or `` swden yes '' whereas jas went all crazy here on r/europe , on r/portugal , on r/conspiracy or on r/askreddit , call me immature but i think he was the best . 
  not even the original `` velho do restelo '' was this pessimist . 
   * sheds a manly tear * & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; no tears are manly . 
  when i 'm really happy , i raise the flag . 
   yea . 
  it 'd be nice if we could write a bit of text next to our flag flairs to better match posters ' identities . 
  hover your mouse over my flag , i 'm from oink . 
   it should never have been more than the ecsc . 
  :p steel and coal is so 50s . 
  speaking of which , [ you 're from the 70s but i 'm a 90s bitch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-w2asi12yw ) , what do you make of this ? 
   quit trolling dude , you 're better than ulemad . 
  :p ah , txampion is overrated , i personally preferred joseantoniosaraiva , he was hilarious , too bad he deleted his account or something x ), 
   nationalists of each member state broke out in tears whenever a new country joined the `` elitist '' club that they believe the eu to be . 
    it always gives me this warm , comfy feeling inside to see their episteme die a little each of these times . 
  you think this is about nationalism and not the economic health and the sustainability of the union ? 
   which mess are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not in a mess , are you ? 
  which mess could i ever be talking about ? 
  it 's not like there 's anything wrong at all with the eu today , is there ? 
   oh behave , i was in porto last summer and came back with 5 euros worth of those fiddly 1 and 2s i do n't think i 'd ever amount to 50 cents of those even if i tried and i live here in porto !, 
   perhaps the comparison should be dropped to avoid its associated problems . 
  churchill started it with the `` united states of europe '' thingie . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i really do n't fancy that name . 
  that and use sounds corny . 
  damn koleye , i still ca n't believe you 're a yankee . 
  this to say you know more about europe than a lot of europeans . 
   that 's exactly what most people said when poland wanted to join . 
  that 's what people said every time more countries joined . 
  and they were right to some degree , if they were wrong , we would n't be in this mess , would we ? 
   indeed , or even confederacy . 
  and we do n't even need to look too far from home to see a long lasting federation . 
  this .
