   on the other hand , one can guess how many favors were behind these ` public ' contracts . 
    and now we pay for this crap , as always . 
  that 's government for you . 
   building 3 parallel highways where one is more than enough is not textbook fiscal stimulus , it 's textbook corruption and bad management . 
  well , the fiscal stimulus was the excuse s\u00f3crates gave when he was building those and some people complained but there were n't any demonstrations or anything like that . 
  now that we 're having to pay for it plus interest , now people are protesting , i wonder if they forgot the spending that went on during the previous governments . 
   the majority of the roads were built not to create jobs or for fiscal stimulus but because they were needed . 
  where now the 2nd country in the oecd with the most roads per square kilometre , only behind luxembourg , how crazy is that ? 
  we 're even ahead of malta !, 
   people tend to forget how the country was 2 decades ago , a1 only connected lisbon - porto in 1991 before that was only way to travel was using the old national roads , a5 only was completed in 1996 , and those are the oldest . 
  all traffic that went from north to south of the country had to pass trough the middle of lisbon until 1998 when vasco da gama was built because there was only one bridge connecting the north and south margins of tejo , the huge majority of the infrastucture was built because it was needed to develop the country . 
  trying to justify this insanity with that argument is similar to saying `` ok , i need a car to get to work , so i guess i 'll buy five or six of them '' . 
  `` but hey guys , this is textbook fiscal stimulus !, 
  it 's good for the economy because it creates employment !, 
  said the guys who completely ignored the expenses of this and now wonder why the debt and the taxes are keeping the whole economy down . 
  call me sceptical but i do n't think this actually happened . 
   the difference is that the bread can not produce new products , only labour can . 
  you can make toast , sandwiches , hamburgers , hot-dogs . . those are all new products which may add value to the original bread , you know , like labour . 
   when you are selling your labour power you sell your ability to produce new products . 
  the problem is that the employer does not give you back the full value of your products , but keeps some for himself . 
  that 's the theft . 
  if you 're not paid fully then do n't accept , is that really difficult ? 
  why do n't you go into any business yourself and pay you the workers in full , driving the original owner out of business because nobody would work for him ? 
   people who work for somebody accept to be robbed because they have no choice , that 's the only way they have to make money , by selling their ability to work . 
  people do n't have a choice unless working for somebody else ? 
  what about those who are self-employed , start their own ventures or live off their friends and family ? 
   what part of `` trade is not theft '' did you not understand ? 
  what part of `` wage is trade '' did you not understand ? 
   here 's an example : i employ 10 workers that make shoes . 
  they make 100 shoes in a day . 
  i sell them for 1000 . 
  i invest 200 of them back to the company , keep 300 for myself and give 500 back to the workers for their salaries . 
  so i make money from their labour , from the value that their labour produces . 
  that 's theft . 
  '' [ in common usage , theft is the taking of another person 's property ** without that person 's permission or consent ** with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theft ) . '', 
  if your workers are fine with it , it 's not theft , plain and simple . 
  if they do n't want to work for you , they always have a choice , they can be self-employed , they can start their own business , they can work for somebody else or they can not work at all . 
   it seems like you are ignorant and proud of it . 
  it 's late here , bye . 
   may the communists and national socialists find each other in hell and earn the fate they deserve for their crimes . 
  and may the socialists who fail to learn from their mistakes come to recognise that to plan an economy and/or to redistribute the wealth you need an oligarch state that can use the threat of coercion to command people what to do under and/or to take from someone to give to somebody else , and once you give that power to any entity , over the time they 're bound to use it not for the general well-being of the people but for their own self-interest . 
   trade is n't theft , waged labour is . 
  waged labour is trade . 
  what 's the difference between exchanging a bread for an egg and labour for money ? 
  in both situations you 're exchanging the time , work and resources that went into it ( either to make the bread to change for the egg or into the job for the final product ) . 
   profit in general is n't theft , employer 's profit is though , and he does n't steal it from the consumer that buys the product but from the worker that produces it . 
  so either the people who voluntarily accept to work for somebody or the people who voluntarily accept to buy for someone are willing to be robbed ? 
  tell me , when two brothers buy lemons from their aunt 's garden and sell them to their mates after school , from whom are the stealing ? 
   this is the abc of marxism but you still reject it knowing nothing about it . 
  that 's the abc of being a communist , and what puzzles me is how some people can be still be so stupid to believe in this shit . 
   it means : `` suck my dick . 
  idiot/dumbass '' hahaha . 
  i 'm portuguese , spanish is like a second mother language to me :p i meant to ask you what did he do for you to tell him that ? 
  what you should have said is `` nosotros tenemos muchos derechos '' aka `` we have many rights '' . 
  `` derecha '' ( right ) is the opposite of `` izquierda '' ( left ) , `` derecho '' ( right ) is the opposite of `` deber '' ( duty ) . 
   the bourgeois social sciences still ca n't explain where does the profit of the employer come from ( hint : it 's stolen from the worker ) . 
  ahahaha , what a fucking joke , so when someone voluntarily agrees to work for somebody else , that person is voluntarily agreeing to be stolen from !, 
  should i report to the police that my employer is letting me work for him while he pays me for the work i do ? 
   but it 's a dictatorship in the field of economy by default . 
  says the person that thinks profit equals theft . 
  i do n't get it , so when someone sells me eggs and makes a profit , is that person stealing from me ? 
  or am i stealing from them because i valued the eggs more highly than i valued the money i spent on them and therefore i should have paid more ? 
   given the fact that socialism has about 10x the body count of nazism , why the hell is n't it banned in the countries that ban nazi speech and politics ? 
  because the nazis lost the war . 
   also , reddit is also a bastion of ( ... ) american style libertarians , who really are far more dangerous than a bunch of people theorising about anarchism . 
  `` libertarianism is a set of related political philosophies that uphold liberty as the highest political end . 
  this includes emphasis on the primacy of individual liberty , political freedom , and voluntary association . 
  it is the antonym to authoritarianism . '', 
  damn u/atomickoala , what do you think is wrong with this ? 
  damn , you 're weird . 
  probably the same precedent we got in 1992 when czechoslovakia was dissolved into the czech republic and slovakia . 
  [ gente da minha terra ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv6k0lowple ) [ 5 para a meia noite ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fmdtnxqr80 ) [ gato fedorento ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp2hkp9-xm0 ), 
   portugal has very little wildlife for consumption . 
  so that 's why were poor ? 
  what about countries like sweden or australia ? 
   were it not for farming and mass starvation would likely wipe out a huge chunk of europe . 
  what ? 
   so , despite not having been invaded recently , it has a long history of conflict that left deep scars in the landscape and in the culture . 
  portugal has a long history of conflicts ? 
  then what about countries like france , germany and poland or china , south korea and japan ? 
   and what troubles portugal is also that it 's caught between tugs of political and financial pressure . 
  portugal has experienced some political and financial pressure ? 
  and what about pretty much every other country in the world , do n't they also have that ? 
   we were kept on a lifeline by external influences and the active corruption of our courts and our politicians . 
  can you explain why ? 
  we were easy pickings and kept in a loophole of weak leaders . 
  if all our problems are caused by corruption in our political system , we 've ought to have done something to remedy that . 
  if the monarchy was like that , the first republic was like that , the dictatorship was like that and now the democracy is like that , whom else can we blame but ourselves ? 
   we never had our great leader in these last 500 years . 
  if you 're still waiting for d. sebasti\u00e3o , you can keep on waiting . 
  we 've had plenty of good people and yet they all failed . . 
  i do n't blame the players , i blame the game . 
   a person capable of unifying . 
  our country is one of the most homogeneous there is , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
   we could have had a few but they were always shot down by the status quo when perceived as a threat . 
  and who is that status quo if not us ? 
  are n't we the masters of our own destiny ? 
   portugal has no friends . 
  only people with shady interests to the likes `` dealers '' and loan sharks , but to a international scale . 
  yeah , we 're all alone in this life , we can only truly rely in ourselves in this cold and dark world .
