  you can address the disease and cut spending - like the eu is doing - or you can address the symptoms and just print money - like the usa is doing . 
  regardless of how you deal with the debt , public spending is always done at the expense of the population and will have to be paid one way or the other , either the population loses purchasing power through taxes or through inflation . 
   americans mostly have their savings invested so they have nothing to fear from inflation . 
  nothing to fear from inflation ? 
  when their prices start some 6 % or 8 % a year , we 'll see how they 'll feel about it . 
   a little bit of inflation , even 4-5 % is no demon and no problem . 
  it all depends on how much money they print and how much their economy actually grows . 
  considering their recent talk of just printing it all away and their constant increases of the debt limit , we 'll see how long they 'll be able to hold till they start resorting to inflation/taxes to pay their debt and austerity measures to cut their deficits . 
   if anything the american private sector is deleveraging much better than the european one . 
  just like someone who 's very thirsty and drinks seawater is temporarily better than someone who did n't do that and is waiting for freshwater to quench the thirst . 
  i know i should talk in analogies but you have to understand that they 're not getting a free lunch through government action , that they 're just delaying their problems while making them worse as their debt continues to rise . 
   like you say it 's the private sector that matters to grow an economy . 
  it is , and for it to prosper on the long run , it needs low taxation and stable prices . 
  the americans have both for now while the europeans have high taxation , but you ca n't just look at the short term , on a longer period of time , the european will see tax cuts because there wo n't be a need to pay down public debt and the prices will remain stable because they were n't expand the money supply to pay for their debt whereas the american will either see tax rises or a loss of price stability to pay for their ever increasing debt . 
  by then , things will start improving here whereas they 'll start failing there and they 'll have to go through what we 're currently going through in harsher conditions because of how long it took them to start actually solving their debt problem . 
   by contrast the european private sector is not being able to deleverage because they have to deal with deflation and unemployment . 
  first of all , there 's no deflation here , our inflation remains quite stable at 2 % . 
  theirs is close to ours though they 've had some fluctuations between 2 % and 4 % . 
  anyway , no deflation here and no inflation like the ones they 'll start getting in a few years if they continue to expand their money supply . 
  as for unemployment , yeah , unemployment is substantially higher here though they 'll have to go through the same once they start paying down their debt with taxes . 
  or the can inflate and keep their employment though it will be futile as they 'll lose their purchasing to inflation anyway . 
   when the upturn comes it is the european economy that will not be able to grow because of its private sector and public sector debt . 
  there 's no such as random downturns and upturns , they 're caused by what 's going in the economy . 
  without restrictions , the private sector adapts quite fast and it wo n't be a problem , as for the public sector debt , it 's being paid and eventually will stop being a problem . 
   while the american private sector will be able to make america grow and , by doing so , fix their public sector problem . 
  just like the portuguese spending made portugal grow and that fixed our public sector problem ? 
  yeah , keep dreaming . 
  spending to fix the spending problem is beyond retarded , keynes must be rolling in his grave seeing that people want to use their cure for massive deflation to solve the problems of too much public spending . 
   they will be growing exactly at the same time we will be growing - when this depression is finally over . 
  except their growth will never come , not with their massive debt . 
  they 'll either pay it through taxes and go through what we 're going through now or they 'll just print some dollars and every american will be lose a great deal of purchasing power and their savings will be ruined . 
   how is `` this is / r / europe '' a valid complaint to me saying that it 's nice to see non-biased data representation coming out of europe ? 
  you know what would be even nicer ? 
  all the annoying yankees pissing off . 
   there is quantative easing going on , with the government buying $ 80 billions of mbs ( mortgage backed securities ) every month , but it 's not much else it can do . 
  the overnight lending rate is already 0 % and it ca n't go down and the budget ca n't pass because of the animosities between the republicans and democrats . 
  your inflation in a couple of years should be nice . 
  i which i had some decent money around , i 'd short-sell the fuck out of the usd . 
   do you honestly think it is wrong to focus on growth ? 
  why do you think it is wrong to focus on growth ? 
  because actual growth does n't come out of `` kickstarting the economy '' , it does n't come from public spending and it does n't come from an expansion of the money supply . 
  real sustainable growth comes from allowing the market to operate as freely as possible without an heavy of government restrictions and taxes on top of it . 
  the difference between europe 's austerity and the usa 's spending is that we 're trading in short term pain for long term growth whereas they 're avoiding to dealing with their issues and just kicking the can down the line . 
  while they 're engaged in an unsustainable fiscal and monetary policy , we 're reducing government intervention in the economy to allow for a lower weight of the state over the private sector . 
  one do should focus on growth , the problem is the time frame of such growth , and what the usa is telling us is that we must focus more on the short term - which is utter nonsense , it was precisely that which lead to this sovereign debt crisis . 
   of course they have a point . 
  you just ca n't ignore that they are right just because you do not like the messenger . 
  they should first clean up the mess they 're in . 
  they 're doing worse than us , we 're actually dealing with our issues while they 're covering up their problems with debt and taxpayers ' money . 
  what they 're doing is similar to being thirsty on a desert island and having the brilliant idea of drinking seawater to quench the thirst . 
  no , we do n't want/need any of that . 
  we so need to form a government with 66 % of the deputies . 
  that 's what 's needed to successfully change the constitution and this kind of nonsense just proves we 're in dire need of a revision . 
  the us is in no position to tell us anything , specially when it 's retarded shit like `` hey , do what we 're doing - stacking up debt which will soon have to be paid for with either taxes or inflation ! '', 
   yup , the problem with counter-cyclical keynsian spending is that there 's never the political will to do the other half of what keynes said was necessary - reducing public spending during growth . 
  you 're right . 
   any other bright ideas ? 
  well , i was being sarcastic when i said that . 
  even if i meant it , i 'd just say something like `` spend more on benefits '' , it would be pointless to open up ditches and fill them back up , if you were to spend money like that , then it would be best to just give the money away and allow people to find a productive job on their own . 
  if you do want to know my position , i agree with thatcher , she did great in liberalising your economy . 
  more could have been done ( for example , instead of ftas and efta/ecc , unilateral free trade ) , and there was some stupid shit like the poll tax , but still , the uk is much better now than it was back when it was going down the socialist path . 
   my mind 's eye says otherwise . 
  [ not a desert ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/sbbfx ) . 
   what 's your alternative ? 
  using taxpayers ' money to open up ditches and filling them back up - it will create employment . 
   the difference between rich and poor has never been higher . 
   i do n't know what the portuguese public broadcast is like , but they can set a benchmark for quality ( eg . 
  bbc ) , improving quality of television all around . 
  you 're free to donate them money - as for us , we already have too high unemployment and taxation . 
   government intervention in the economy is in my opinion necessary fair enough , but if you do read our constitution , you 'll see how crazy it can get . 
  [ articles 94 and 95 ] ( http://app.parlamento.pt/site_antigo/ingles/cons_leg/constitution_vii_revisao_definitive.pdf ) may shed some light into what i 'm arguing against . 
   if capitalism is not regulated it tends to derive into social darwinism . 
  that silly , the people who live in the least regulated capitalist systems are those who are the better off . 
  i for one would support the implementation of [ these economic systems ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom ) in portugal / the eu . 
   i think most people in `` austerity countries '' feel that those reforms are using them as a sacrifice to optimize the profit for other groups ( who on some cases played a big part on the downfall of their economies ) . 
  some of that might be true but some other times it 's just used as a rally cry , it 's always easier to scapegoat some foreign or small group for all of society 's evils . 
  back in the day it was the spaniards and the jews , nowadays it 's the germans and the wealthy . 
  do n't worry though , special interest groups are also being quite affected from austerity . 
   they are criticizing the governments for legislating to suit their interests in detriment of the rest of the society . 
  yeah , i also do that , that 's why i 'm opposed to more government intervention in the economy , it prevents them from mismanaging the money and it prevents people from trying to lobby the government so hard to get what they want at the expense of the public at large . 
   maybe not , but many people inside portugal probably feel that the eu is currently pushing measures on them which are against their interests . 
  not really , people here are pissed of at how things got to be , not at the eu . 
  heck , the three parties that scored the best in the last elections are all pro-eu and had all agreed and signed the troika agreement which is now being implemented . 
  if more than 75 % of the electorate voted for parties which agree and support the austerity policies which we 're now pursuing , then that 's a clear sign we are committed in dealing with our issues . 
   do you really think this is relevant in 2013 ? 
  of course not , in the meanwhile the economic theory behind it was proved to be wrong as demonstrated by the fact that the most successful economies are protectionist , mercantile and close to full autarkies , as opposed to the world 's most open and free economies which constantly perform the worst . 
   of our transportation companies , the only ones that have new shit are the two metro companies and the airline , and they 're indebted into oblivion . 
  either the state pays their debts and sells them at their real value or it sells them for their real value , anyway , it 's irrelevant , between selling one ( for example ) for 50 $ and having to pay its debt of 60 $ or selling it for -10 $ , it 's the same . 
  nevertheless , the least the state is involved and the less it has to spend from the taxpayers money , the better . 
  the money we might eventually get from selling those and the taxes we 'll get afterwards from them are just the cherries on top of the cake . 
   the only privatizations i see in the near future are of ana and ctt , and that 's because they 're highly profitable companies ( and we will sell them horribly because we are in a shitty position ) . 
  sell them at the highest price , we need the money and the state is n't as good a manager as privately-owned firms . 
   there was actually one guy that came for tap ... 
  he was a crook . 
  i guess we 'll have to keep on trying . 
   cp pretty much only has decrepit , shitty infrastructure ( except stations , we have beautiful stations kekekekekeke ) and debts . 
  oh , i so wish we could sell it to the chinese . 
  the unions of the railway system deserve the worst . 
   no one wants to get into the tv business in portugal i 'm sure we could action it off . 
   to the radios `` lol '' is pretty much what i have to say .
