  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8u4cebvq7s http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6mti91l2sc, 
  playback fm era a melhor , los santos e radio x ouvia-se gta4 era fixe era the beat 102.7 , radio broker e electro choc :d, 
  [ do you like this music ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym1exd_loq0 ) ? 
   he failed to hire a pmc for his defense , these are the consequences . 
  i thought you were going to say these are the consequences of going into africa xd, 
   sometimes the only choices you get are a slave job or no job at all . 
  then move on to some other place and find a better employer . 
  work on your own . 
  start your own company . 
   you seem to think that the free market by itself can create unlimited demand . 
  not the market but people . 
  necessities are limitless . 
   but the demand is ultimately limited to how many products people can find use for in their limited time . 
  the more automation there is around , the less total amount of person - work hours is needed to satisfy all the demand . 
  so naturally either all people reduce the amount of work they do , or some people remain completely out-of-work . 
  again , we go back to the times before the industrial revolution and before the machines replaced us all . . was that a bad thing ? 
  did n't it allow us to move on to more productive jobs ? 
   if we close our eyes it might go away . 
  hey span12 , are you guys banning people like txampion ? 
  because if you are , i think you should n't , it would avoid this nonsense . 
   right now , all countries are part of the capitalist world economy . 
  except for those countries that have governments that rule the economy in the name of the people . 
  to say that we 're all free economies is nonsense . 
   you ca n't take credit for the good and shove off the blame for the bad . 
  you tell me exactly how the [ european sovereign-debt crisis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_sovereign-debt_crisis ) is a failure of capitalism and not a failure of government . 
   increasing capitalism is like drinking a whisky to cure your hangover . 
  nonsense , the places where you have the most capitalism are also the countries with the healthier economies . 
  the second you step in and help this or that interest group and shift away from capitalism into socialism or into corporativism , then that 's when the failures start to occur . 
   look up the browser wars for how microsoft operated us gov had to slap them down . 
  the gov had to do what with regards to browsers ? 
  microsoft having a monopoly ? 
  then why is that most of us use mozilla firefox or google chrome ? 
   uk utilities were privatised gov has to keep an eye on them to stop price fixing . 
  what an inefficient way of doing it , why do n't you liberalise the market and allow foreign competitors to come into the picture ? 
  the portuguese electricity company no longer has a monopoly now with the spaniards in and them competing via price . 
   most cartels and conglomerates that crush new entrants do it by riging regulation in their favour via bought politicians . 
  you 're right , but again , that 's a failure of government , not a failure of the market . 
  people will always pursue their self-interest and that includes taking advantage of society if they can and twist the market their way , though if the government does n't give in and allows everybody to compete on the same level without giving out special privileges , none of that will happen . 
   if you are in favor of free enterprise , you ought to recognize the power of incremental improvements . 
  i 'd recognise those if you mentioned on exactly we could improve . 
  the way you 're talking , by only saying things could be better and not replying when asked `` but how ? 
  '' , that 's just silly . 
   in capitalism , the owners of the means of production control everything . 
  that 's not true , everybody with capital ( including you and me ) control their own capital . 
  if you use it to consume or to produce , that 's your choice , you ca n't say the guy who spends 100 $ on apples is being exploited by the guy who spent 100 $ on apple trees . 
   obviously it works very well for those owners . 
  everybody owns . 
   not for other people , but that 's usually dismissed by a moral judgment `` they 're to lazy to work to become wealthy '' . 
  if people do n't like to work for others , they can use their capital and work for themselves or themselves be the ones who hire others to work for them . 
   and our human resource departments are different how ? 
  bah , you 're arguing over semantics here , my point was that you do n't need to remunerate a machine or to give it worksafe conditions or vacations whereas that 's not the case with employees . 
  if you try to not do that , they 'll just leave and work elsewhere because it will be their choice and they 'll benefit more from working for other people or for themselves . 
   because they control the means of production be it via rare resources like china hoarding rare earth metals or cartels . 
  with regards to china or other foreign monopolies , you really ca n't do much . 
  with regards to domestic cartels , tell me one example of one which was n't created and sustained through the years if not for government regulation . 
   or natural monopolies like utilities were the established players systematically crush new entrants . 
  same thing , please give me one example of a natural monopoly which sustains itself if not for when the state restricts competition in that sector . 
   or there are cases like computers where one monopoly is used to expand into another see microsoft . 
  what about it ? 
  where microsoft succeeds , many have failed . 
  look at apple , just a few years ago , it was just yet another small company , and just like at how they rose , you ca n't say there was a monopoly when new entrants that prove successful so easily rise and end up being massive competitors . 
   you can be capitalist without free enterprise [ wrong ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_enterprise ) . 
   not to mention that colonialism and slavery happily were part of capitalism . 
  again , not true , if there is n't the freedom to pursue one 's own achievements , you are not in a capitalist society . 
  slaves and serfs were treated like cattle and not like people in their own rights , these were feudal societies and not capitalist societies . 
   given that ownership rights are central in capitalism , arguably free enterprise is antithetic to it . 
  capital can be privately owned , people ca n't be owned at all . 
   i ca n't start a business without asking permission from a host of owners ( patent , funds , buildings , ... ) . 
  right , and that 's a distortion of capitalism and free trade , the more restrictions there are , the farther you are from any such system . 
   i do n't see what that 's got to do with this discussion . 
  the situation in spain and in the uk is analogous to that of the uk . 
  i 'm just pointing out that for you to criticise the former without also criticising the later is a form of cognitive dissonance . 
   of those , only the scottish have a popular majority to secede . 
  if you polled ni and wales you 'd get nowhere near . 
  just because they have a nationalistic party , it does n't mean that they want to secede . 
  the point stands , i could tell you we should break up the uk and if you were to present arguments as to why we should n't do this , i could tell you that it all sounds so rosy that one wonders why the scottish want to secede . 
   price fixing is another face of this you can increase a price and hence profit by limiting supply . 
  if that 's the case , why do n't you supply these products as well ? 
  you drive their prices down and out-compete the businesses currently in the picture . 
  this is getting weird . 
   it all sounds so rosy that one wonders why the catalonians want to secede !, 
  or the [ scottish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_national_party ) , [ welsh ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru ) and [ northern irish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinn_f%c3%a9in ) with regards to the uk , for that matter . 
   you are aware that artificial scarcity and greed are things that exist right now ? 
  you are aware that there is scarcity because there are limited resources and that greed has ever existed always ? 
   you guys all look the same to me . 
  you go to japan and call them koreans or chinese , see how they 'll react . 
  heck , go to northern ireland and randomly call people of irish or british , they 'll let you know some things . 
   there is forced scarcity by corporations nonsense , corporations are just people working together , there 's nothing that can be compared with forced scarcity . 
   technology makes people redundant it does , but then people can move on to other sectors like we 've all moved away from agriculture when the industrial revolution happened . 
   people without jobs die or commit crimes no , all people die , always . 
  but no , people without jobs move on to other employments or create their own provided that they 're in a capitalist system . 
  if they commit crimes , there 's the police and the courts to stop them . 
   thus we should make a society where we work less but still produce the same so we can fill the needs of everyone . 
  exactly , that 's what we 're striving for , and capitalism is the best way to come about this . 
  with regards to the post you deleted :  in most of the world not working means you will have a very humiliating and low quality life . 
  so you 're not happy with working and you 're not happy with not working ? 
   right , i suppose all the unemployed in spain are happy with their lack of work , otherwise they would do as you say . 
  no , the issue is wholly different , all the unemployed in spain do n't have work because the government intervention has restricted the market and driven away those who otherwise would invest in spain . 
  and it 's not only in spain , i 'm in portugal and unemployment is a serious issue here . 
  the reason for this unemployment is because of the action of government supporting both the labour unions and the business groups restricting the voluntary exchange and the free market , not because of capitalism .
