  how the fuck will spending more on this actually benefit the economy ? 
  and how will you even afford more spending ? 
  by asking even more loans ? 
  by taxing even more ? 
   that said , this would never work if portugal did it alone , as we are a very small economy worldwide , in the eurozone and we do n't control our currency . 
  so the rest of europe should pay for our circus , no questions asked ? 
   and yes we obviously need reforms . 
  such as ? 
   what is needed is an european wide stimulus , if necessary financed by the ecb itself . 
  if your solution is putting the rest of europe paying for this , they might not exactly feel inclined to help . 
  also , that 's exactly what the imf is doing , lending us money below market rates while overseeing the structural reforms to prevent us from getting into this kind of debt in the future . 
   keep doing the necessary reforms on the troubled countries by all means but stop this idiotic bleeding by expanding the economies of the countries that are n't troubled . 
  whose economies are expanding and how is that bad for us ? 
   stop plowing oliven\u00e7a , give it back !, 
  no , fucking keep it , let them be the ones to pay for the pensions of all the elderly spanish that leave there . 
   nope . 
  enjoy reduced revenue for the state and a larger burden on the french taxpayers that stay in the country . 
   the solution is to engage in the structural reform needed , which will be painful in an environment where those structural reforms have a chance of succeeding . 
  the reforms are coming through , no worries there . 
  sorry for the inquisition . 
   that 's one fucked up system there 's worse . 
   europe never did austerity because it works . 
  we did it for moral reasons . 
  to teach people a lesson . 
  so cutting our public spending is a mistake ? 
  when should we cut our public spending then ? 
  if 100 % debt to gdp apparently is n't enough , should we strive for 150 % ? 
  what will happen when people stop loaning us money because we clearly ca n't pay , will we then stop all spending and crash simply because we could n't keep our expenditures at a reasonable level ? 
  i 'm honestly curious because it seems clear to everyone that our public spending is unsustainable and yet people say we ca n't tax more to pay for it and they also say we ca n't lower the public spending we already have . 
  i wonder because if austerity is bad , then what 's the solution , to live the good life for some more time till the money runs out and we stop being able to afford for our state ? 
   dear rich frenchies !, 
    shut the fuck up and just move !, 
  you will not be missed !, 
  the french state and the french taxpayers might disagree . 
   they will once the austerity measures hit you . 
  til portugal is n't trying to balance its budget , that the imf is in lisbon simply because of the sunny weather . 
   freedom of trade is great if you do n't sacrifice government institutions that preserve basic human rights in order to achieve that ` freedom ' . 
  which human rights suffer from freedom of trade ? 
   yes , but it was n't for a while . 
  the right crept in quickly and here we are . 
  nonsense , they 're in the mess they 're now because of how poorly governed they were and because their state tried to provide everything for everyone . 
  if they value their democracy and their freedom and defend it against those who 'd seize power from them and rule over them and decide for the argentinians what 's good for the argentinian people , then they 'll fail just like countries always fail when someone seizes power ( be it in name of equality or order or whatever ) and tries to impose his will on everybody else . 
   no , it 's not that . 
  that 's extreme anarchy , which is n't leaning to any political wing . 
  and it does n't have to have small authority . 
  it just has to maintain institutions that preserve basic human rights , even if that means asking a fair share from the wealthy to do so . 
  if it 's just that , then whole of the free world already fills that criteria , countries like ours have institutions that preserve human rights and tax the wealthy ( and everybody else ) . 
   can you not look around in portugal ? 
  yes , and all the problems i see were caused by excessive public spending defended by the left . 
  saying the socialists will fix them when they 've only managed to bury us even deeper in just stupid . 
  heck , look at the rest of europe , which are the countries in troubles and which ones are fine ? 
  why is that the countries in trouble are the ones that tried to provide everything to everyone like the socialists did and the ones that are fine are those which have had typical centre-right governments which managed to keep their expenditures down ? 
   can you not identify the social problems arising from senseless cuts yes , because taxes are n't being cut at the same time . 
  if we cut spending but keep taxes as they are on increase taxes , then it 's obvious that families will have an harder time , but it 's currently a necessity because for too long it was the other way around , the taxes being paid were n't enough to cover the spending . 
  i guarantee you that these cuts in public spending would be painless if taxes were also reduced . 
   socialism of the banks right , and he should have a stronger justice system to prevent our banks from ever needing bailouts . 
  bailout are , in of itself , against the free market , the only reason the state has intervened was because if the banks failed , the economy would fail to , and it 's certainly not the fault of the people who deposited their money in banks like bpp . 
   priviledges to the ultra wealthy what ? 
  the rich already are so massively taxed here and it 's not like we even have many of those !, 
  i 'd ever favouring lowering taxes to everyone but specially to the rich , if we could get the french and the spanish millionaires to move here , that would in itself pay off more than the revenue we 'd lose by lowering the rates . 
  also , they 'd bring their money here and would spend it here , helping our economy recover . 
   those are the troubles the west is facing today . 
  too much greed and corruption is turning the free market into the fascist market , which always brings its nasty helper - misery and no human rights to the people . 
  no , you 're confusing cause and effect . 
  people have always been greedy and have always tried to game the system in their favour , it 's part of whom we are , you ca n't say `` oh , the people in socialist states are more generous than the people in capitalistic countries '' , that 's utter nonsense , it 's not because of freedom of trade and allowing people to choose for themselves what they want to buy or sell or what they should produce or commercialise that we 're having the problems we currently have . 
   the free market can solve these problems even less than tried leftwing policies have . 
  the problems of people always wanting more ? 
  if that 's a problem , then it 's one which will always persist , regardless of time and place and politics . 
   time to try new ones , time to try substantial change that hits the core of our civilization , which some mistake for ` human nature ' . 
  that 's sure to fail like it always did . 
  heck , even the most devout religious people fail to not be selfish , and they might really believe in heaven and hell , if even them ca n't always want more from themselves , what makes you think that people will one day be able to share and live as if we were only one family ? 
  nobody will ever treat random strangers like one treats friends and relatives or its closest family or himself - you 're a fool if you think people will ever live as one and that we will ever be able to achieve and egalitarian society where everyone gladly works to everybody else . 
   let 's just break up and form a neu with [ these ] ( http://imgur.com/eqfg7 ) countries . 
  without switzerland ( neutral ) and ofc with svalbard . 
  is this meant to be a joke ? 
   i fucking hope so , because let 's be honest fucking skeletor has a better pr department than the eu . 
  maybe there in the uk , at least here people do n't hate the eu , not by any chance, 
   the ` libertarian left ' jesus was once called agriculture . 
  many scientific improvements for agricultural sutainability have been achieved yet seldom applied by big corporations unwilling to replenish the starving belly that pays the highest bid across the world . 
  in the west that bid is monetary , in africa it 's starvation which makes of thos corporations backdoors to populaton control , and blackmailing leaders with the risk of not getting food and aid ( which they need because they ca n't develop agriculture , and why ca n't they do that ? 
  because the west does n't support meaningful change in the region to do so ) . 
  there 's food that could be going to africa yet our protectionist policies prevent that . 
  it also prevents them from exporting to us and generate some wealth of their own . 
  we can thank cap for that . 
  this protectionism , this central-planning and these subsidies , there 's are against the market and these are always put forward by the left , so do n't turn the tables when it 's actually the fault of people such as yourself who have no clue about how the market works and yet have these crazy ideas to improve it that never work as intended . 
   switzerland and somalia are very specific cases and are unrepresentative of basic political orientations . 
  switzerland has a banking system and financial policies that are attractive to investors all over the world ( mostly for all the wrong reasons , imo ) . 
  so they have economic growth . 
  that growth only translates to socialgrowth , infrastructure improvement , services improvement and all other living quality factors , because it 's located right in the middle of the biggest economy in the world , the eu . 
  even without the banking sector , they 're doing great , do n't just shrug it off as `` banks '' . 
   locate switzerland to some caribeean islands and you get the caiman islands , which is a pretty bad place to live for the common citizen . 
  the people in the cayman islands or in bermuda or in other british overseas departments are still much better off than say cuba . 
  but since you can bring up the embargo and the usa is a behemoth of its own to be successful with or out without their system , why do n't you compare former west with east germany , or north with south korea , or singapore and hong kong and macau with the rest of indochina and asia , or japan with the philippines , panama with colombia , chile with argentina , austria with hungary , yada yada yada ? 
  how can you be so blinded by your ideology that you fail to recognise that it fails every single time when people try to implement it ? 
  that freedom of trade always triumphs because it 's the only way to assure that everybody gets the best to himself ? 
   somalia is riddled with theocratic sectarianism , black markets , unfortunate external intervention , etc. 
  which are all connected together . 
  somalia is an hellhole in anarchy , i fail to see how anyone could see anything good in it . 
   argentina after its default in the early 2000 's is a better example of how leftwing policies can work from the local level up . 
  argentina is in the shit , they 're outperformed by all their neighbours .
