thanks, 
  what is gnp ? 
  it 's wikipedia , go correct it, 
  individuals will have more kids in poorer conditions , because of higher mortality rates . 
  i do n't see how that 's dismissed by population growth . 
  it will be voted in 8 days !, 
  are n't they scared that it could repeat itself ? 
  chp + mhp would it work ? 
  they really hoped he would figure out the impossible : b, 
  how is this shit upvoted ? 
  depressive, 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  kudos man . 
  i would go for the first one, 
  vowels keep civilizations backwards . 
  everyone knows that advanced aliens do n't use them . 
  keep on going , 
  tried it , loved it, 
  and dog, 
  all armies are crowdfunded are n't they ? 
  ps : honestly good luck with that shit when spring comes . 
  was he lithuanian ? 
  after they have been stabbed multiple times ... 
  no mingling near the borders ? 
  who are we ? 
  and thanks, 
  i remember seeing that used in tourist advertisement when i was in croatia . 
  ps : i would choose the castle in the cave as the most awesome thing there, 
  which country is it ? 
  are shovels legal there ? 
  who uses a car here ? 
  why not public transportation ? 
  does it ? 
  i would say the farmers do n't benefit as much from the tractors , comparing to the average person who can now afford to buy fruit much cheaper . 
  that is absolutely true . 
  the fact you are downvoted for stating it is sad . 
  you sound like a nerd who is a afraid of going outside ( oculus rift + self defense weapons ? ) . 
  no offense , but maybe go to the event in your country and you might be surprised . 
  there is a lot of research going on in counter terrorism , homicide prevention and whatnot . 
  copy paste too much ? 
  til redditors long for ww3, 
  is it though ? 
  it seems to me politics is a mere race to power repeated every 4 years or so . 
  good, 
  it is a violation yes, 
  they have group chats that in some ways resemble social medium, 
  people will talk a lot on the comming months , it will happen again in 2026 . 
      rinse and repeat . 
  its a lost fight . 
  the problem is that a big part of the fires are man-made . 
  another issue is that we have been planting eucalypti for paper production , which burns like gasoline . 
  while fires are normal , this frequency and scope is considerably abnormal . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  alright , it is all a lottery game . 
  no , they are helping streamline the process and let eu find a general effective plan . 
  we do n't know if it will ever be . 
  that is just silly to say . 
  for how long ? 
  6 months , a year , 15 years , until poland and hungary agree to a eu quota ? 
  i would n't think it is legal en eu !, 
  it may be true , but your post would gain a lot from at least on reference . 
   and tell me how long will europe going to be one of the wealthiest and progressive places on earth after we let in all those indians , eastern europeans and indochinese and give them large amounts of welfare haha you are * advocating for a progressive europe with that rational ? 
  maybe it will cease to be one , if people like you are heard by those in power . 
  * no idea what the caps on the verb `` to be '' mean , but i thought they looked nice on your message . 
  oh yes , the tragedy of the commons . 
  always a nice argument for discrimination . 
  those are exactly the same right that prisoners have . 
  those and no more . 
  should we at least give them a trial first ? 
  those people can not do anything else . 
  they are not allowed to get in and work even if they want . 
  one thing is to offer them shelter for free , a very different one is to force them indefinitely to have no more than that . 
  a camp quickly becomes a prison if people are not granted rights . 
  yes , a permanent tent in a refugee camp . 
  that is the best we can do . 
  it is totally those people 's fault that they were born where they were born and that a terrorist self-proclaimed state decided to take over after a miserable western intervention on the region , started under false assumptions . 
  yes they are only entitled to a broken tent on a refugee camp with shitty food . 
  because they are not human beings and we should not be responsible for the consequences of our foreign policies . 
  yes you are totally right . 
  yeah , for shame a few assholes complain and all others are judged under the same light . 
  for shame that my stupid neighbor opinion passes as the opinion of my entire community . 
  all people say stupid things . 
  some are minorities in refugee camps while others are majorities in presidential campaigns . 
  the article mentions maybe 4 or 5 of the supposedly thousands of people in the camp . 
  but that should not dissuade redditors from feeling that 100 % or even the majority is disappointed with their great genorosity ( offering a broken tent for 4 months while their applications are delayed over and over again ) . 
  and yes , i am sure food for a refugee camp must be top notch . 
  so yes , let 's send them back and let 's ignore the reason why europe can not adopt a real policy to take these families out from the limbo situation in which they find themselves ( cof * hungary * cof * poland * cof * ) . 
  thanks for all the downvotes in advance . 
  how can it indeed ... 
  i am sorry but as a redittor i refuse to get my info outside of this website . 
   if you read the report my friend , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  35 days, 
  but ... but do n't you see the news ? 
  besides , cancer takes a long time to kill you , while a bomb is supersonic !, 
  i know which one i would choose, 
  maybe for light cargo ? 
  not implode , just decrease . 
  affecting about 3 to 6 % of the research community . 
  is that a penalty ? 
  we need to focus all of our resources on stopping murders .
