and iceland . 
  they were not even remotely fascist . 
  if you learn about the italian fascism , it was n't that bad until they joined forces with germany . 
  mussolini never liked hitler , if only italy had joined forces against nazi germany ... jews and homosexuals were tolerated , and were even members of the party , until hitler forced italy to take action against the jews . 
  sorry for the rant , but reading an interesting book on italy : http://www.dn.se/dnbok/bokrecensioner/goran-hagg-mussolini-en-studie-i-makt/, 
  he did n't even write it , he dictated . 
  well . 
  stop apologizing for rapes . 
  statistics from usa show that black men almost exclusively raped white females . 
  extremely few white men raped black women . 
  i 'm curious about the stats for oslo , but i doubt asian men went around and raping other muslim women . 
  it should also be labeled as hate crimes . 
  http://www.p4.no/story.aspx?id=272134 this is a good example of the view many third world immigrants have on women . 
  we see how well that has worked for england recently . 
  hiding by `` i did n't want to be portrayed as racist '' is the new version of `` i only followed orders '' . 
  norwegian kids might be a minority in oslo schools by 2021 . 
  how is that not a problem ? 
  we 're already struggling enough with integration as it is . 
   stop trying to make muslim invasion a thing , because it is n't !, 
  really ? 
  hate on jews , women and homosexuals are on the rise at least here because of muslims . 
  it would have been much better if they had their enlightenment period , but islam never did . 
  [ norway is on board !, 
  ] ( http://hafrsfjordvikingene.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/vikinger-02.jpg ), 
  the un 's defines political displacement as genocide . 
  this creates problems for norwegian youth , and high immigration drives the prices of housing up . 
  all in all , immigration is a net loss for norway in the long run according to government findings . 
   an end to the never ending wars europe has suffered since ancient ages . 
  are you really that naive ? 
  we are seeing seeds of balkanization all over our continent . 
  even the leaders of great britain , france and germany has admitted that the multicultural dream has failed . 
  the leaders here in scandinavia have failed to admit it , but i guess they are caught within their own system . 
   racism where ? 
  it 's not racist to want to maintain your population without exchanging your countrymen with immigrants . 
  this is even part of the humans rights . 
  often , the same people who push for immigration are the same ones who advocate that tibet should be left for tibetan people , palestina for palestinians etc. 
   maybe we would n't have problems with fascist/racist parties all over europe if we 'd be a country full of immigrants . 
  great logic there . 
  ever heard of balkanization ? 
  it 's not similar . 
  op posted satire , your image is the real deal , 
   nationalism is evil . 
  thinking your nation/culture is better that 's not nationalism . 
  100 % identity , 0 % hate . 
  it 's perfectly natural to be proud of cultural , scientific of whatever accomplishments of your people , even if you had no part in it . 
  it 's not stupid to be proud of your grandfather getting a university degree as the first in your family , for example . 
  it 's part of your identity and roots . 
  but germans are in a kind of special situation as it 's just recently you seem to have been allowed to show any pride . 
  it shows under football matches with the waving of the german flag . 
   no , it 's not . 
  patriotism is just the american word for nationalism . 
  no , patriotism is supporting the state . 
  nation means ethnic group , not state . 
  a nation can have a state ( national state ) . 
  some nations do not have states , like the kurds . 
  sadly the terms are often misunderstood , but prior to the french revolution this was not so . 
  ethnic britons are now aminority in london . 
  is that doing fine ? 
  in norway , my generation ( i 'm 23 ) will receive worse pensions than our parents and grandparents . 
  they could look forward to a high economic growth which we can only dream about . 
  each immigrant coming here costs norway 4,1 million nok , that 's 500 000 euro per immigrant . 
  with future costs in pensions , welfare etc.we have already promised away our entire oil fund . 
  in norway , there is a high degree of eastern european immigrant in jobs like carpenters , construction , painters , plumbers and similar . 
  norwegian youth are fleeing these fields , as they see there is no future in it . 
  the work-immigration leads to something called social dumping , there has been many cases in the media about polish workers being treated badly . 
  but often , the same work-immigrants finished work is sub-standard . 
   i just wonder what kind of practical reason anyone would have for removing the foreskin . 
  there are some cases where the foreskin is too tight and you will get painful erections and perhaps problem with peeing . 
   we see what you mean , the problem is you do n't see , or do n't want to see further , what is causing the problem and what are the solutions . 
  * excuse you * , i know about deeper , underlying reasons . 
  at least try to do a better strawman argument . 
  the solutions from both the leftists and rightists has not bore any fruit whatsoever . 
  europe ca n't take all the birth surplus from the third world . 
  what is so hard to understand ? 
   how about that norwegian guy that made a massacre a couple of years ago ? 
  did he immigrate ? 
  i do n't see the point you are trying to make . 
  this is about immigrants and asylum seekers . 
  they are over-represented in crimes like rape , murder , theft and robbery . 
  it 's logical that these numbers of incidents would be reduced if we were stricter . 
  many of the foreigners come from areas with a lot of war , violence etc. 
  i fail to see how anyone ca n't see this , except if they deny it on purpose . 
   you can not stop a crazy man . 
  we could reduce the immigration to reduce the number of incidents . 
  yeah , it 's not like asylum seekers in norway are over-represented in drug sales , rapes , robberies etc. 
  94 % of the asylum seekers who got protection in 2012 does not have a identity we can be sure of . 
  in 2010 the numbers were 92 % . 
  we only go on a `` likely '' identity . 
  one up-and-coming politicians for the labour party was revelead to have lied on his application . 
  he had gotten several family members into the country . 
  94 % of the asylum seekers who got protection in 2012 does not have a identity we can be sure of . 
  in 2010 the numers were 92 % . 
  we only go on a `` likely '' identity . 
  many asylum seekers destroying their id 's etc. 
  then what do we use to throw trash ? 
  in norway we pay for plastic bags at the store . 
  we re-use them to bag trash . 
  the asylum centre where the murderer from this event lived opened in august . 
  it did n't take long . 
   beyond that i do n't think there is anything deeper than mentally unstable people lashing out .
