  how is that a poverty problem ? 
  are you for real ? 
  not long ago immigrant youth in sweden were going batshit crazy . 
  it definitely matters . 
  some cultures will have an easier time being good members of our countries . 
  i doubt we 'd be allowed to vote if we actually help decide anything . 
  i think very few trust their politicians . 
  some races and religions are very well-represented though . 
  you have to be blind to not see that there 's a problem with islam . 
  not saying our binge drinking culture is fine btw . 
  yeah , because immigrants are never over-represented in crime statistics . 
  it 's all media hype !, 
  we should have more children , but not for economic reasons . 
  we should actually work less , consume less , spend less . 
  there are other values to look at than economic growth . 
  nice way with give * ad hominems * to those who rightfully oppose non-western immigration in europe . 
  european birth numbers are so low that we can barely manage our own populations . 
  politicians say we need immigration to keep our numbers up . 
  research show that the birth numbers of africans and arabs etc. 
  do n't normalize when moving to a western country . 
  how do you think it will work out in the long run ? 
  the leaders of germany , france and great britain has already admitted that the multicultural society has failed . 
  what we will see is not a multicultural dream , but a balkanized nightmare . 
  these kind of people do n't need any reason to protest . 
  antifa , people who oppose immigration being attacked , german leftist attacks etc. 
  lots more violence from the left than the right . 
  i never heard of danish christian youth attacking cops and yelling `` jesus , our savior ! '' . 
  but i have heard of immigrant youth in sweden attacking cops and yelling `` allah ahcbar ! '' . 
  you have a way too simplified look at the world , islam is not only a religion but also an political ideology . 
  visited brussels last year , i was surprised there were so many non-westerners . 
  the streets were filled !, 
  so if we do n't generalize we have to reduce anything down to the tiniest variable . 
  how is that going to work ? 
  stoltenberg promised more democracy and more openness . 
  but the politicians just continue as usual . 
  we are getting our own computer surveilance program ( dld ) . 
  now even private firms can spy on internet users in the chase for illegal downloading . 
  brain drain !, 
  and why should the populations of our europeans country be replaced by immigrants ? 
  it will take a long time , but it 's the end result . 
  get your facts straight . 
  immigrant riots in sweden . 
  a girl laughing and shouting `` allahu akbar , police run ! '', 
  indeed !, 
  http://www.the-spearhead.com/2013/02/20/swedish-equalism-endangering-lives/ women are fit to do many other jobs in the military than being soldiers . 
  medics for example . 
  wo n't the people who want to learn how to shoot find a way anyway ? 
  they can travel abroad , import illegal weapons etc. . . not sure if the gangbangers and mc gangs go to the army just to learn how to shoot . 
  muslims in norway are getting hunter permits just so they can buy weapons . 
  instructors tell that the muslims are more interested to learn about the weapons , than any actually hunting . 
  we should n't vote for any politicians , that is the only thing that will help . 
  vote blank . 
  because we border on russia . 
  i did n't downvote you , but it 's not `` it 's '' but `` its '' . 
  it 's means it is , but its shows ownership ( here natural selection ) . 
  we can say that in norwegian too . 
  a river can be an '' \u00e5 '', 
  kaka in estonian means shit . 
  kaka in norwegian means cake . 
  estonia was under russian government for a long time . 
  estonians were forced to learn russian . 
  many russians still reside in estonia , and they sometimes cause trouble . 
  many estonians , alongside finns , dislike or hate russia . 
  and they have good reason too . 
  estonia , finland and hungarian languages are part of the same language family . 
  estonia used to be a very popular country for swedish tourists . 
  estonia was one of the last countries in europe to get converted to christianity . 
  and they have cheap vodka . 
  estonian , 
  finns were n't vikings , they are not even in scandinavia . 
  but they do like to drink and stab . 
  i read that as h\u00e1karl festival ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c3%a1karl, 
  and your solution is viable ? 
  please . 
  more immigration is not a solution . 
  please take a look at the dn article . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the people of malm\u00f8 and groruddalen feel real enriched . 
  norwegians who emigrated actually had to work hard , there was no welfare state they could leech off . 
  what does the age of the article has to do with anything ? 
  here is one published in 2012 http://www.dn.no/forsiden/politikksamfunn/article2368786.ece do you have anything to say about its contents at all ? 
  so , we 'll need a never ending supply of immigrants then . 
  brochmann-utvalget concludes that any immigrant is a net loss for norway . 
  it 's not sustainable at all . 
  uncontrolled growth is the ideology of the cancer cell . 
  with the shifts in % of how many workers support the retired parts of population , the money will have to come from somewhere . 
  there 's limits on how much of the pension fund ( oljefondet ) can be used , but this limit will be raised . 
  a source to back up my claim : http://www.dn.no/forsiden/politikksamfunn/article2368786.ece, 
  you do n't see how that would just be an self-enforcing vicious cycle ? 
  why do we need immigrants ? 
  most asylum seekers come with a unclear identity and false background story . 
  one of the many articles on it : http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2005/07/18/437723.html we can pick between having a welfare state and having continued immigration , we ca n't afford to have both . 
  the fund will be drained pretty quickly because of the baby-boomers and immigrants . 
  our generation can not look forward to the same levels of development as our grandparents and parents . 
  no wonder finns have the word `` ryss\u00e4 '' in their language . 
  hail white death . 
  a great many germans perished after the war by the hands of russians . 
  there are stories of mass-rape of german girls and women , and killing of men . 
  i have n't read books on it , but i know some have bene published . 
  good . 
  with the insane cost of the migrants , they might even come off on top .
