  the somalian who went nuts with a knife in the oslo tram targetted ** only ** white people . 
  he admitted to chewing about 1 kg khat every day . 
  he has been out to walk freely for several years already . 
  he got the same diagnosis as breivik btw . 
   at least that somali guy seem to still be in a mental instutution no , he was out to walk freely just 7 years after the incident . 
  he got the same diagnose as anders behring breivik btw . 
  one of the passengers survided after losing 5 ( five ) litres of blood . 
  she does n't care to take the tram anymore in fear of meeting the somalian . 
  not unheard of does not mean unreasonable . 
   there were people who jumped to that conclusion about breivik . 
  erhm , it was pretty natural to jump to that conclusion when islamic groups claimed responsibility . 
  and a few years ago a somalian went nuts on the tram in oslo : http://www.vg.no/nyheter/spesial.php?id=912, 
  it 's not much of a punishment . 
  this is not like being ridicouled in the school yard . 
  this girl had 2000 facebook friends . 
  i just hope this does n't come back to haunt her , but it probably will . 
  at least it 's good that the two girls got some sort of punishment . 
  they are indeed immigrants , eu is a union , but there 's still seperate countries . 
  if you moved to munich , you 'd be an immigrant , because you are not native to munich . 
  it 's not so absurd or grotesque . 
  the immigration experiment will break the backs of every european welfare program . 
  the politicians had no clue of what they got us into , and they do n't want to admit they have been wrong . 
  straight ahead to balkanized states . 
  hero ? 
  seemed like just another violent antiracist scum . 
  these nazis and the communists are not that different to be honest . 
  are you fine with registers of people on the far right ? 
  because countries have been doing that for years without any outrage . 
  you missed the word `` do '' before `` is basically '' . 
  globalism is the enemy of every culture . 
  all cultures melting into one does n't give us any diversity . 
  many norwegians ( even politicians and other who should know better ) use ( american ) english words all the time . 
  norwegian is not a threatened language to die out , but we have too many loanwords , slang etc. 
  from english . 
  it sounds terrible to listen to a speech from a politician when they use english . 
  a common one is `` vi tar fighthen '' . 
  ( we 'll take up the fight ) . 
  maybe they should team up with turkey then . 
  or hamburg . 
  not all immigrants are good . 
  unlike nazism , fascism is n't race-based . 
  mussolini even let jews become members of the party , and many were . 
  it was only in the 40 's that the germans forced the italians to treat the jews badly . 
  this is a big shame on the italian history . 
  too late !, 
  we bought trams that wo n't work in winter . 
  ah , straw men and ad hominems . 
  nothing more to expect from a simpleton like yourself . 
  it just shows you have no real arguments , like expected . 
  cute !, 
  i pity the irish that have dealings with you and hope you soon find your way back home to that backwards third world country you call home . 
  redditor contributing nothing of value as usual : check redditors should note that you are completely avoiding the heart of the matter , but that is business as usual . 
  and just for your information : strid is the name of an old norwegian metal band , it has nothing to do with any far right group/movement or whatever . 
  how you have n't noticed how many gypsies have come to norway and associated problems is beyond me . 
   i really wish i would n't live on the same plane of existence with xenophobic fucks like you i wish i did n't have to live on the same continent as ignorant fucks like yourself . 
  it 's clear to every european that the multicultural experiment we have been subject to is a massive failure . 
  i wish !, 
   people begging has n't existed in oslo ? 
  say what now ? 
  do you have any experience with gypsies at all ? 
  they are very aggresive in their begging . 
  here in my town they will often come up to you and shake the cup in your face . 
  i even saw a dirty gypsy take the hand of a woman and kiss it . 
  she gave him cash too . 
  another problem that has arisen with the influx of gyspies is that the communist organisation folk er folk has stolen business models that norwegian beggers have built up over many years . 
  when both groups try to sell street magazines and use the same tactic , there will be less for both groups . 
  some norwegian beggers also report of being chased away from their spots , and they report of less income after influx of gypsies . 
  we also know that gypsies also use their kids to steal/beg/whatever . 
  the culture is pretty fucked . 
  the gypsies are here on a tourist visum , you are suppoused to support yourself when coming here . 
  butthurt redditor , so cute !, 
  you have no skill in master suppression techniques , go play somewhere else . 
  adults are talking here . 
  http://i.imgur.com/hqc2kww.jpg diversity is good , war is peace , slavery is freedom , ignorance is strength !, 
  i was in prague last year and i was glad to see almost none non-europeans . 
  it was very peaceful and clean . 
  no warnings of muggings , rape , theft ... 
  unlike brussels which is flooded with africans etc. 
  ethnic diversity does n't create a better society , despite what some brainwashed people will tell you . 
  she 's not italian . 
  she does not share in the ancestry of the people who have lived there for hundreds and thousands of years . 
  maybe you do n't see how governments are crooked , and handing out a paper does not make you a member of the respective nation . 
  no european people have had much of a choice of being part of a failed multicultural experiment . 
  it 's not a human right being allowed to flood our european countries . 
  we have the right to have our own countries , maintain our cultures , language and ethnicity . 
  and it 's important to also recognize and allow the national feelings of other peoples . 
  i have n't said that , strawman time !, 
  i was in brussels last year , and it was full of non-westerners . 
  i was absolutely surprised to see so many africans and middle-easterners . 
  there were many whores and i hear there is a lot of crime . 
  many food places has this weird kind of siesta and are closed for some hours during the day . 
  it 's hard to find a brown pub , but alcohol is cheap . 
  you misunderstand breivik if you think christianity was a major part of his ideology . 
  he does n't hate muslims per se , he just wants them out of europe . 
  why would i raid only those two ? 
  i also hate the right :d norway 1 - sweden 0, 
  poverty is the problem ? 
  what about the oil-rich arab countries ? 
  just recently , a norwegian woman who got raped was thrown in jail for sex outside of marriage . 
  she was fired from her job for indecent conduct .
