  is this good in the long term ? 
  no way . 
  in 2013 we gave away 1,07 % of our bnp in aid . 
  i do n't mind giving aid , but we got ta make sure it will actually help and does n't just get lost in corruption . 
  what i do n't support is importing the third world here , we do n't have any responsibility for the high population growth in their countries . 
  if they are so afraid of being killed , why are they going home on vacation ? 
  this is n't this land and they 're not welcome . 
   it has hundreds of billions in oil funds , in case you did n't know , all the cash in our oil fund are already promised in pensions . 
  that 's the proper name of our oil fund too ( the state pension fund ) . 
  a large norwegian committee ( brochmann-utvalget ) discovered that each somali immigrant costs us 9 million nok total , each indian 1,6 million nok , each pakistani 5,1 million nok ... 
  immigrants from the war-torn sri lanka work a lot so the loss for them is `` only '' 1 million nok . 
  pensions , welfare and everything included . 
  it was a very thorough governmenet report , but all the parties are disregarding it and continuing down the same path . 
  google brochmann-utvalget / brochman report if you do n't believe me . 
   zero empathy . 
  these `` refugees '' go home on vacation , get a grip man . 
  few countries gives as much in aid as norway and sweden , and we are among the countries who take in the most people . 
  it will drive us to ruin , and i hope you 'll be satisfied . 
   chances are those refugees will be forcefully conscripted into a 30 year army service or subjected to torture or forced labor . 
  if those are the chances , why are these people going home on vacation ... ? 
  fascism believes in a strong state and has nothing to do with race , whereas in nazism race matters . 
  mussolini had jews in the party before germany forced italy to get rid of them . 
  we do n't care about your silly name-calling , it just shows how infantile you really are . 
  that we 're deporting people that lied to be here has nothing to do with fascism , nazism or nationalism . 
   if they have become citizens , that 's their home . 
  judging by how many immigrants and asylum seekers in europe behave , this is clearly not the case . 
  europe is turning into a shithole , we 're only keeping the wheels going because we 're rich . 
  stop lying to yourself ( and to us ) . 
  http://www.nrk.no/norge/voldtektsmenn-er-ikke-vestlige-1.6567955 norwegian girls can thank themselves ( for getting raped ) : http://www.p4.no/story.aspx?id=272134, 
  we got rid of the pillory over 150 years ago , but it seemed like you missed that . 
  groruddalen , where i grew up , is terrible for norwegians . 
  blonde girls in my school dyed their hair dark to avoid getting called whores . 
  being told by immigrants that you 're going to hell because you eat pork and celebrate christmas sucks . 
  iin norwegian `` pen is '' means `` pretty icecream '' . 
   well he 's right that other genocides do n't get attention , other genocides ? 
  maybe if you disregard the holocaust , which is almost the only one talked about . 
   progress you think replacing european populations with immigrants is progress ? 
  lol . 
   you fear what you do n't know what a stupid thing to say . 
  in this day and age , being scared of getting killed by islamists is not such a grotesque thought . 
  our own great countryman nansen foretold that putting so many different people with different backgrounds together will only cause trouble . 
   in most cases you simply can not consider them immigrants anymore . 
  sure you can . 
  they are second or third generation immigrants . 
  this melting pot mentality is suicidal , and we see signs of balkanization in countries with high third world immigration . 
  and we clearly have to treat european and non-european immigration differently , at least europeans share similar background and values . 
  the enlightenment completely skipped muslim countries . 
   nearly half of them syrians wonder how many are really syrians . 
  the fake passport industry is booming . 
  eurostat reported last year that only 1 in 5 coming were from syria . 
  look up the regressive left . 
  saw an interview with a imam here in norway , he 'd lived here since 91 and used an interpreter to talk to the journalists ... 
  16 % not stunned is still a lot of animals . 
  the uk is so diverse and vibrant that it has 3 million muslims . 
  a lot of exciting cultures . 
  yes . 
  do you even know what halal-butchering is ? 
  why do n't you research for 1 minute before commenting some wise-guy crap ? 
  this is a different murder . 
  no staff involved this time . 
  lots of places in syria , iraq etc. 
  are far from war . 
  would have been much better and cheaper to help them there . 
  taking in many millions here who will never work will just cause that our societies are as sucky as theirs . 
  moving to ireland for work in 5 weeks time , leave the poor irish alone !, 
  we 're even getting people from pakistan and a ton of other countries which has no war . 
  we 're getting tons of child-brides and it 's almost only men and boys coming ... why should we only reward those who can pay the traffickers ? 
  is your post an attempt at satire ? 
  that 's even worse , if they lived there for years . 
  can marry at 16 in norway if you have parents concent . 
  only 17 % are women : http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php 57 % are men . 
  26 % are children , but how many of those are girls ? 
  we know there 's tons of `` underage '' young men coming . 
  it 's insane how much cash is being wasted . 
  it 's not about helping , it 's about feeling smug . 
   source ? 
  am norwegian and there has been absolutely nothing in the news about this of course there has n't . 
  it was local talk in trondheim about a foundation you seem to be totally oblivious to european media actively covering up stuff . 
  but there are [ relevant some cases ] ( https://www.google.no/search?q=kastet+ut+av+leilighet+asyls%c3%b8kere&amp;oq=kastet+ut+av+leilighet+asyls%c3%b8kere&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.4087j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 ) of norwegians being thrown out of their housing so migrants could move in . 
  [ another relevant ] ( http://byavisa.no/2013/08/13/asylsokere-forst-i-boligkoen-andre-venter-i-arevis )  and you have been caught pulling shit like this out of your ass before . 
  that 's only your personal delusions . 
  you ca n't even provide any proof for your outrageous claims . 
  if they are really refugees i would imagine they would often have mental probleems as well . 
  and that backwards religion and culture does not help either . 
  i 'm not quoting anyone . 
  i 'm norwegian and here recovering drug addicts were kicked out of the hospits because they were gon na take in migrants instead . 
  we 're really screwed when we start to prioritize others over our own like this , for me it 's a sign of a civilization going down the drain . 
  no civilizations saw their downfalls coming , or they were helpless to stop it . 
  and how many of those who said they were willing to house refugees cared about homeless ? 
  they probably walked past them every day . 
  i do care about my own people , also the homeless . 
  why is there so little solidarity these days ? 
  who destroyed it ? 
  if the people coming really were refugees . 
  only 17 % are women . 
  and how can they be called refugees when they bypass every other european country ( especially eastern europe ) to come to a land with better welfare ? 
  it 's clear it 's not about safety anymore . 
  they really are . 
  it 's called the `` regressive left '' . 
  they are accepting foreigners practice stuff we 've taken hundreds of years to get rid off .
