i 'm already up to date and heard that new chapter wo n't be released until new year . 
  fanservice always sells.i 'm still waiting for berserk 2017 and evangelion 4.0 . 
  yeah that 's what i said :p, 
  continental climate.too hot in summer , too cold in winter . 
  even before click that article i knew that they might be immigrants . 
  started learning french and one week later i surrendered . 
  exactly, 
  well you never feel belong to anywhere if you are erdogan supporter.my relatives live in switzerland for more than ten years and they are pretty happy . 
  favorite map of widow mains . 
  we always push our shameful events to greeks.it 's pretty common joke . 
  or asocial people like me . 
  probably that 's how kurds feel in here when they talk kurdish . 
  pee on them to show dominance . 
  damn even dogs have prostate problems . 
  my unpopular opinion : i hate human babies.animal babies are more cute . 
  i mean at least for some countries : ^ ), 
  [ unsuprisingly accurate with this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/akxub ), 
  this guy is a meme here.don ' t even take him serious lol . 
  i wonder why these kind of people always have to be edgy teenagers . 
  possible fellow metalhead ? 
  if you think like that : ^ ), 
   one of them said he had a daughter living round the corner and he did n't want her to hear us talking polish . 
  this is a ridiculous reason to stab someone on vital point . 
  i feel you.never liked football but there are too much fanatics in here ( i always wanted to play ice hockey ) . not religious aswell.i 'm also introvert person and honestly i 'm fine with it.i dislike people who talks too much especially nonsense.they might call you hipster , special snowflake or whatever.if you are happy , who cares ? 
  that 's what makes you different from others . 
  actually i really like his songs.doesn ' t matter if he 's gay or not . 
  i feel you, 
  you ca n't believe how people are seperated by religious beliefs.today we lost one of the best actor in our movie history ( his name is tar\u0131k akan ) but only secular people felt big sadness.and other part just said words like these '' oh , that guy was an atheist anyway.good !, 
  burn in hell you heretic ! '', 
  etc.there are tons of people who thinks like this here.sad but true . 
  yeah and the victim is turkish.probably they would n't act same if that person were a woman with hijab . 
  unfortunelly this was happened yesterday.the weird thing is no one in the bus involved to this shit.if i would be there i could beat the shit out of that guy that he could n't even run away.but the guy already escaped from situation and police looking for him.sounds like a joke . 
  he 's trying too hard ... 
  i ca n't think a newborn baby without any vaccines done.i 'm not a parent but i own a cat ( he is like never growing son to me ) so kinda understand how parents should feel about this ... 
  erm . . should i have said '' til i 'm a white looking brown '' ? 
  sorry.my english is not the best :p, 
  til i 'm a brown with white looking . 
  call them nazguls instead of polices then ... 
  wow.very suprised about greece, 
  so you are telling me even rich arabs can get friendzoned ? 
  damn . 
  the problem is some of those womans do n't really cover themselves by their free will but because of their government , husband , environment . 
  maybe restaurant only make pork meals so they did n't want to serve her ? 
  - goodguyrestaurantowner -, 
  japan also first world but look how much people they have lost in tohoku earthquake ( 15,828 dead ) . tsunami also had effect on it though . 
  sounds like a pvp server . 
  even jesus will come back sooner m8 . 
  who the hell wear that shit ? 
  i 've never seen anyone with this in here . 
  '' all turks are muslim and support to erdogan who support to isis '', 
  eu never ever wanted turkey to join anyway even before erdogan.also people stopped caring about it eventually . 
  '' when nietzsche wept '' if you want to face with yourself and reality . 
  well bye bye eu ... 
  not suprised since nationalism is strong in here . 
  ahmed : damn abdulah you looks fucking kawai !, 
  it 's not like i wanted to put this on purpose ... 
  if you judge according to statistics then you are doing wrong.those statistics are based on id cards of citizens.in my id card it says '' religion : islam '' but me nor my whole family are not muslim.like i was n't asked to be choose my religion when i was born.you can change it later but it is too risky since there is a big muslim population.it is also important when you apply for job , military etc. . . 
  when you are broke but still want jihad ( sorry ) . 
  on an iceberg also they can swim as i know.probably was searching for food.still i would n't shoot no matter how wild he is ( probably could run away for my life ) . 
  i just wanted to play overwatch.not even peace for a moment huh ... 
  no , this is a comedy show :d his mustache was fake and was wearing wig . 
  [ belly dancer ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cslbucfcmze ), 
  there were too much black guy in french squad and they were running like a beast ( especially sissoko ) . i 've never seen any of them tired . 
  is it because of refugees or government encourage citizens ? 
  usually in middle east culture families are bigger . 
   france has a great and long history and we are proud of it that 's why you are dlc in battlefield 1 ? 
  [ play of the game ] ( http://www.pentapostagma.gr/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/1030741592.jpg ), 
  croatia could score two or three more if they were lucky.they well deserved it.but honestly there was too much delay that croatian players caused it.that 's something i do n't like about football.it happens almost every game especially when winning team is ahead . 
  damn , that was a glorious moment when turkey scored at 119min . 
  i thought french polices are n't allowed to use tear gas at all . 
  fine.l 'll blow up our mercedes today then . 
  he and his supporters are the last ones who should talk about holocaust.they literally hate jews and now talking like this.this is just new level of hypocrite . 
  very good song also sounds very similar to our songs lol, 
  why police do n't use tear gas or something like that ? 
  ca n't they ? 
  i have no words to say ... 
  but vodka is ten times better when you mix it with fruit and vegetable juices ... 
  i do n't think my english is that good but i always wanted to learn since when i was little.luckly in primary school we had a very good and willing teacher and my school was n't really that well known in a city where i live.i owe her a lot ( i do n't know if she still working in that school ) . and still i have been practising through online games ,9 gag , reddit etc.some people do n't like it but i would greatly appreciate if people tell my mistakes so i can verify them.it 's been a long time since i have talked with someone in english so i 'm not really sure about that atm . 
  i do n't have much friend so very little of them know that i can talk . 
  about other languages ... hmm maybe japanese a little bit since i have watched more than one hundred anime lol.i wish i can learn kanji alphabet aswell :( edit : just remembered it.i do swear and think in english usually.sometimes even in japanese . 
  damn that 's hilarious . 
  when you are broke but you still want jihad, 
  i 'm turkish.just because i do n't like our government does n't really make me kurdish.but oh right you are nationalist so you wo n't really understand me anyway.auuuuuuw ? 
  i 'm suprised how our government decided to fight againts isis.i 'm sorry but it 's sounds too hard to believe . 
  well done denmark.i wish other eu countries also do this.meanwhile in here even some primary school students wear that shit . 
   empathy this.i ca n't imagine russian people reading all these hateful , careless comments.i always thought all european people would feel bad about tragic event something this.after reading these comments totaly suprised and lost my faith . 
  i will vote no like my entire family but nothing important will happen if we lose.it 's not like a country will turn into iran the morning after referandum.secular people are still big populance in here and government ca n't ignore their rights.all i can do is vote for it . 
  just because your government supported islamic terrorism in the past does n't mean all of their civilians also support terrorism.same with russia.we are not liked by europe yet when \u0130stanbul terror attack happened some europe countries supported by lightning their buildings . 
  i 'm sure you would n't say this if it was france instead of russia or any other eu country.if lightning is stupid either do n't do same for france or belgium terror attacks or you need to show your sympathy after every terror attack.consider this as a message to fight for terrorism . 
  okay thanks for warning.actually i do n't know what does it means unfiltered and filtered or % 100 malt beer all taste same to me.red , orange , yellow colour ones tried all and could n't differentiate their taste.except some extra alcohol ones.some beers have like % 7.5 rate alcohol and their taste are stronger than the other ones . 
  hmm yea kinda expected an answer like this but i did n't know that small brands are more expensive ( thought alcohol drinks are hell expensive here ) . yeah why not like germany has n't enough turks , i might join the guild soon.some of my relatives are still in there.i will remember this if i ever go.thank you . 
  '' those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities '' - voltaire quality brainwashing . 
  if they import outside of czech why not ? 
  write down this one too.thanks . 
  not as popular as efes pilsen and tuborg and you can only find it in big supermarkets like migros.i assume you live in outside ? 
  thanks.i write down all of these so my friend in netherlands can brought one to me . 
  unfortunelly ca n't find keo here but i will remember it when i go to cyprus.thanks . 
  yea some of dutch guys said same.why carlsberg and heineken considered as bad when they are the most popular ones ? 
  you would have known if you meet one of them but ca n't blame you.interactions with girls is not easy if you live in muslim dominated population .
