discrimination , deportation and forced labor if ethnic hungarians after the war in czechoslovakia . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bene\u0161_decrees refusing to apologise for ethnic cleansing . 
  comes from s\u00f6rf\u0151zde ` brewery ' , but there is a food show going on parallel too . 
  well , it 's also a street food show . 
  i 'm hoping for some cevapi . 
  unrelated , but have you heard about f\u0151zdefeszt ? 
  the whole andr\u00e1ssy avenue is closed down and full of craft beer stands . 
  yea that 's all nice , but without sources it 's just a badly written fantasy . 
  i actually worked in a hospital and lunch was always soup and a main course with some kind of `` dessert '' . 
  the hungarian health system is in an abysmal state , but this kind of food is everyhwere from kindergarten to schools . 
  the whole cheap catering industry that supplies these institutions is stuck in socialism . 
  the first permanent bridge was opened in 1849 but the city was n't unified until 1873 . 
  budapest still runs 400 of that model according to bkv.hu . 
  i hate that they 're wasting money on stadia and football academies , especially after the huge flop of the u19 team instead of supporting waterpolo , handball or the countless other sports hungarians are still relevant in . 
  i do n't like orban and fidesz one bit , but there are some things they 're doing right and there 's definitely no dictatorship in hungary . 
   from 2008-2010 the left handled the crisis pretty good actually . 
  if barely avoiding bankruptcy by getting hige loans is good handling of crises then greece is doing hell of a job too . 
   corruption was done by individuals , not allowed by state , as it is now . 
  wild claims like this are the reason why i ca n't take anything you say seriously . 
  i do n't even know how many mszp politicians were convicted for their dealings . 
  even gyurcs\u00e1ny was under investigation for corruption . 
  the big hungarian reality is that money always flows to the friends of politicians , that 's just how it 's done . 
  it 's sad but i do n't see who would do things differently . 
  in the socialist era , it was taught as `` the glorious 133 days '' but it was a time of terror and fear . 
  luckily it was overthrown pretty quickly , but not before murdering some 600 people . 
  slovakia is anything but liberal , http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/language_law_of_slovakia, 
  yes , yes hungary is a dictatorship with no free press and oppression . 
  it 's been said countless times for years , yet i have n't noticed anything actually happening . 
  the incompetent liberal opposition had this mantra for years but they provide no alternative , while also being racist and beating up politicians on their gatherings . 
  i do n't even know how a shitpost like this gets upvoted with that horribly misleading title , and as a student i do n't like orban either . 
  so bums do n't get free money , they actually have to do some work . 
  it 's not a bad thing at all . 
  it 's actually rare to find a subtitled movie here , most are dubbed at release . 
  dubbing is n't that expensive . 
  do n't hate . 
  the elections were n't less democratic than any other , however they are somewhat disproportional . 
  in the uk there are only regional mps so in theory it 's even more `` undemocratic '' . 
  a lot of people like to bash the fidesz government , but they managed to consolidate the economy that was left in shambles after 8 years of mszp rule . 
  as someone who voted for lmp i obviously disagree with a lot of what they 've done , but they 've proven themselves more capable in 4 years than mszp in 8 . 
  same here , shit sucks . 
  get out . 
  is this sarcasm or can someone actually be this retarded ? 
  wow , so many retards saying vatican city is their least favourite country . 
  guess they 've never been there . 
  may i refer you to / r/teenagers ? 
  obvious corruption ? 
  the case was most likely politically motivated and not obvious at all , unlike changing laws before getting into the eu so croatia does n't have to extradite people . 
  or spy , i do n't really give a fuck . 
  it is flawed though ... http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/09/16/eu-preparing-sanctions-for-new-member-croatia-over-refusal-to-extradite/, 
  after croatia refused to extradite a war criminal they should n't expect things go their way especially in a shady politically motivated case . 
  the ottomans were held back by hungary for the most part . 
  meanwhile the eu did jack shit about this guy who killed 2 children . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ciaran_tobin_extradition_case fucking ridiculous pretentious pieces of shit . 
  still it 's no grounds for attacking a country and turning it to total shit all the while causing 100,000 + casualties . 
  yes it was bad , but still better than what happened after the coalition attacked . 
  so was uae attacked after sentencing women to prison for `` having sex outside marriage '' when raped ? 
  iraq was attacked for having wmds and in the end they had jack shit . 
  it 's time us and co. stopped acting as world police . 
  at the time of the 2003 invasion it was , i also suggest checking some of the recent cia documents where it 's stated that the they helped saddam 's chemical attack on iran . 
  i would n't be surprised if they were involved in this by helping the rebels fake the attack as to justify attacking syria . 
  this is obviously speculation , but given the history of us and its agencies it would n't come as a surprise . 
  look at what happened to iraq , and that was a relatively peaceful country before the invasion . 
  invading syria wo n't help anyone , the solution is to help assad win since he 's already close to that to avoid more bloodshed . 
  the goal should be to restore peace and end the war , not to make a puppet government at the cost of lives to fuck with iran . 
  [ no weapons right ? 
  you can cry racism and stormfront all you want , the fact is that unsurprisingly the public opinion shifted against migrants who exploit the hospitality of eu . 
  just sprinkle some crack on them . 
  and that 's why croatia is n't in the schengen area . 
  on another note , we should have jailed the croat police who crossed the border . 
  maybe shoot the ones who have weapons , just for old times ' sake . 
  and how do you decide who 's syrian and who is n't ? 
  these people have no papers or at best fake ones . 
  germany should be grateful hungary abides by the dublin agreement . 
  we could put 2000 refugees on trains to munich daily . 
  of course , they have the same culture , religion and similar language . 
  they 'd rather focus on dam building right ? 
  used to live here . 
  beautiful building . 
  acidosis causes hyperventilation though , as the body tries to get rid of excess co2 . 
  / r/european pls go, 
  more information on why the austrians were n't particularly fond of us in the early 18th century . 
  since rape culture is a stupid concept , he probably does . 
  how many of their employees are irish though ? 
  yea the 1800s are terrible . 
  growth is gradual . 
  the industrial revolution would n't have been possible without the contribution of romans , greek , chinese , egyptians and every other great empire . 
  to disregard the advancements our ancestors made in agriculture , mathematics , architecture , art and so on just because they were n't the first to start burning coal is very ignorant . 
  it 's not hard to start an industrial revolution when you 're exploiting half the world . 
  it 's not about looks . 
  in bf games the soldiers are constantly shouting , i 'll be very disappointed if austria-hungary will have the same voices as germans , as in you know , no hungarian . 
  dice is swedish . 
  also france lost ww2 before 1942 . 
  inb4 austro-hungarian will just mean reskinned germans . 
  too bad most of it is wasted and stolen by our corrupt politicians . 
  we pay with university graduates and provide a big market for western companies as the local industry was bought out or dismantled . 
  it 's very naive to think western eu pays out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  they 're developing their markets . 
   i 'm 66 and my generation was/is more european than today 's youth . 
  by what metric ? 
  younger generations are more pro eu .
