  although since boeing bought mcdonnell douglas ( rest in peace sweet prince ) they are the same company . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   f-15 hornets f-18 hornets, 
  thats why i voted for some young guy from the pirate party ... 
  does n't he have a mclaren f1 too ? 
  made in communist china , communism wins xaxaxaxa ) ) ) ) ), 
  paging / u/yourresidentrussian and his ghost planes over ukraine that shot down mh17 . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with that , [ it tastes like piss anyways . 
  ] ( http://cdn.alko.fi/productimages/scaled/794076/zoom.jpg ), 
  now the muslims just need to be not afraid and compassionate towards the far right . 
  yeah that might count as terrorism , especially on the weekends . 
  well i did n't open any of those links but i assume its the video with the woman flinging the kids head around . 
  ** nsfl ** obviously . 
  how fucking surprising !, 
  yes . 
  so lets destroy our own countries too to make it right . 
  i mean , us finns especially fucked africa up . 
   they are right that northern europe 's food is terrible . 
  you 're terrible . 
  yeah , if you get offended by this you should really take a look in the mirror and figure out your life . 
  hahahaha yeah !, 
  in this context you of course realize we 're talking about muslim immigrants ? 
  and why did you delete your earlier posts ? 
  haha , how many immigrants in latvia ? 
  yes , otherwise they 'd be in the bottom . 
  i have a circular polarizer filter for basically every lens that i use , but i still have no clue how they actually work . 
  love them though , especially when shooting cars . 
  [ example . 
  cheap circular polarizer filters for small entry-level lenses start from around 20-30 $ , they 're not expensive at all . 
  obviously very clear water and all , but the picture can be a bit deceiving as there 's clearly a polarizing filter in use here that removes the reflections from the water . 
  i was there 7 years ago !, 
  satan !!, 
  reporting from helsinki , thermometer shows -21 \u00b0 c. 
  for anyone wondering what the second one says `` multiculturalism is harmful to your children and your grandchildren '' . 
  haha no problem , i 'm sorry i 'm being too intrusive . 
  :p how did the surgery go ? 
  but yeah get well soon and good luck for the test !, 
  you still have n't made a video where you show off your finnish language skills : <, 
  ummh . . what ? 
  yes it 's obviously our own fault . 
  lol, 
  or a lamp shade , perhaps ? 
  you do n't enjoy rice porridge ? 
  thats like the best thing ever mixed with some cinnamon and sugar . 
  have fun . 
  from wikipedia :  years after the incident , soviet premier nikita khrushchev wrote that the mainila shellings were organized by artillery marshal grigory kulik . 
  in 1994 , russian president boris yeltsin denounced the winter war , agreeing it had been a war of aggression . 
  not sure how it 's currently portrayed in russia , but knowing putin nothing would surprise me . 
   is there an - actual - neo-nazi movement that 's gaining popularity in finland no . 
  yeah i know a lot of somalis who have gone back to somalia for a holiday . 
  when i was in school it was very common for the somalis to go back to somalia during the summer holidays . 
   i believe it when i see it . 
  they would have a hell of a problem getting this old plane design certified all over the world . 
  but if they 're building planes that are identical to the an-225 would they need to re-certify it ? 
  so much room for activities !, 
   has anyone of our finnish redditors been in one yet ? 
  no , i have yet to leave my apartment today and i 'm still in my underwear . 
  big if true . 
  i thought it was pretty nice too . 
   she is fucking delusional feminism in a nutshell . 
  swedish feminist party ? 
  haha i honestly have no words . 
  i 'm almost always in my underwear while home so if i happen to be drinking it will likely be a kalsarik\u00e4nni . 
  well that 's a stretch . 
  highly debatable . 
  bic mac  kerroshampurilainen hesburgers chicken thing is good tho . 
  no no no , you got it all wrong , thats what they do to their spouses if they cheat or insult islamic traditions in some trivial way . 
  gays they usually tend to throw from rooftops . 
  you slam what ? 
  nah they 're not that big of a problem . 
  you know what we 're talking about here . 
  not that i 'd expect that you american had any clue about anything whats going on in here , but please try and stop the bullshit , okay ? 
  that is all you got ? 
  really ? 
  haha goes to show . 
  yeah its clearly their fault lol, 
  well the only reason she won was because she was black so yeah . 
  if this was today half of the women would be black because otherwise it would be considered racist . 
   is this now the new european reality ? 
  do we really have to get used to this type of shit ? 
  yes , according to the mayor of london . 
  buy more kone elevators and escalators !, 
   alexander i in the middle of the senate square in helsinki . 
  [ alexander ii actually ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5d/alexander_ii_%28romanov%29_monument_in_helsinki%2c_finland.jpg/800px-alexander_ii_%28romanov%29_monument_in_helsinki%2c_finland.jpg ), 
  ftfy, 
  wait ... which eastern neighbour ? 
   the entire thing is basically a economic stimulus . 
  but at what cost . 
  and i 'm not talking about money . 
   monkey is a common slur for africans no it is n't ? 
  never heard of it . 
  you seem to be an expert with your racist slurs though . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  i just think her face reminds me of a monkey , nothing to do with skincolour or anything , you 're the one drawing that connection from your ass . 
  you 're the racist here . 
  and yeah monkeys rarely seem attractive to humans so naturally she 's quite ugly and it 's a joke that martina `` seiska-lehti '' aitolehti made her the winner ( spoiler alert : she did it intentionally to stir up shit and get more popularity ) back to your racist and unfounded accusations about my `` racism '' , how would you react if i said that [ this girl ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cubmh4s.jpg ) looks like a fat pig from korkeasaari , would that be racist too ? 
  thanks bit i already did earlier today , felt good . 
  do n't know what prompted your message though ? 
  she 's so beautiful , i wonder where they found her ? 
   you people have really short memory .
