  that reminds me of the detectorists and its focus on the daily lives on an island in which layers of history lie buried all around , and the meeting at a pub afterwards . 
  i am afraid if i awakened the berserker inside i might have difficulty waiting for the crosswalk light to turn green . 
  i knew a civil war re-enactor . 
  they had a regular calendar of engagements , and occasionally they might appear in a movie . 
  at the gatherings there is usually a tent set up to sell related materials . 
  they have fur trade rendezvous in america , and usually revolutionary war and civil war reenactments at national parks . 
  that would be an expensive hobby . 
  are people allowed to own muskets ? 
  that is so cool . 
  thanks for the links . 
  are you from france ? 
  flair does not show up in my message box . 
  so you have reenactments from roman occupation times , saxons , danes , vikings , normans , crusades , war of the roses , roundheads vs cavaliers , 18th century colonial wars , wwi and wwii ? 
  bird watching has a frisson of voyeurism to it : stalking in camouflage , binoculars , some way to record the `` captures '' , and a specialized language . 
  english birds : lexical porn . 
  it would make sense to refer a woman 's vaginal region as the hen house because that is where the eggs are . 
  crotch swallow is nice . 
  lapwing has anatomic possibilities . 
  a doubly good person . 
  thrush also refers to a vaginal yeast infection , so that is full of fun . 
  i really have n't spent much time observing birds , but they do not seem overly sexual . 
  roosters , yes , are cocks of the walk , but geese are aggressive and i can not tell their gender . 
  males are usually more colorful , but i just do not see the universal behaviors that suggest blatant sexual behavior . 
  look up old testament euphemisms , feet has a lively run of commentary . 
  the generic chick for female is considered sexist in many situations . 
  tits in a message would suggest questionable content , while the word cock might even prompt an x-rated thought balloon . 
  long-tailed seems a bit optimistic , but then are n't we all ? 
  we walk on egg shells around sex-related content . 
  filthy mind and determination is all i have . 
  cuckoos have numerous connotations , both in name and behavior . 
  we say bird dogging , which refers to their energetic following of scent , for human males pursuing the attention of females , often without any sign of their interest . 
  there are quite a few euphemisms for penis , i would not have caught the old testament use of feet in the story of boaz and ruth if i had n't read some exegesis of it . 
  frank zappa named his daughter moon unit , which is a bit impersonal . 
  i liked the product description of east frisian , sounded like people needed something robust . 
  i recalled the eel fishermen from * the tin drum , * hauling in a horse 's head slithering with their catch . 
  i have seen something similar , but with a brownish tint , in films or series . 
  i will review feedly , there is a chrome extension . 
  thanks . 
  i thought soylent hardtack was joking , but a do it yourself recipe was one of the top hits on google . 
  fortifying . 
  `` tell me what you eat , and i will tell you what you are . '', 
  ours was folger 's , and with signs about making refills , use your own cup , do not leave in the sink , clean up your own mess . 
  i am not sure diluted orange drink is the beverage that will brace me for the the world 's challenges , but then everything after might be easy . 
  cats . 
  there was some chatter when starbucks opened in italy , as if pizza hut decided update the italians on pizza , lavazza is sold in bricks , and for use in french presses , percolators , and vacuum brewers . 
  so much for my mr. coffee . 
  thanks for the info . 
  quite a selection , too . 
  i put the teabag with the water when i microwave it for two and a half minutes , the water gets to a boil in that time . 
  so i probably give some offense with that . 
  kluntje looks like some kind of coarse sugar ? 
  thank you for the details . 
  sounds delicious . 
  [ this guy gathers a lot of his own ingredients . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucvvanxq2ymc_qlc7qfpa2yq ), 
  i will check it out . 
  it has electrolytes . 
  it looks peppy . 
  i think of churros and hot chocolate so thick you spoon would stand straight up in spain . 
  and my little town is now 40 % hispanic , i thought mostly mexican , but i guess there are quite a few from central america . 
  i will have to try the coffee from one of the mexican grocery stores . 
  their tacos are tasty and cheap . 
  and they have good prices on limes and chiles . 
  hot milk . 
  milk and oats . 
  i start with a cup of greek yogurt , then my tea , and work on the guardian 's quick crossword , while i drink my tea . 
  it is the time difference , and my palate is not that discriminating that i can tell between kettle boiling and microwave heating . 
  i have read where some people think you should not pour the tea into a cold cup . 
  and they must use a timer for the amount of time the bag is in the water . 
  some think tea bags are d\u00e9class\u00e9 . 
  it is quite a spectrum of procedures . 
  it is not a quick option , either . 
  people that make their own drink copious amounts . 
  i have seen those on cooking shows . 
  i live in the fly-over part of the states , so our coffee choices are bulk , like folger 's and cain 's , starbucks and dunkin' donuts in one pound foil packages , either ground or whole bean and usually $ 8 or less , and a variety of lesser known . 
  my brother-in-law always had a pitcher of tea in the refrigerator , he made solar tea . 
  it was 80 bags . 
  16 cents seems like a bargain breakfast drink . 
  plenty of people in the states start their day with starbucks at $ 3-5 a cup . 
  thanks for the tips , and the youtube clip . 
  kettle it is , i use bottled water , because my tap water has minerals . 
  i see they carry barry 's tea on amazon , 80 bags for $ 13 . 
  that is something worth getting up to . 
  does it rhyme with banker ? 
  so far i see that tea is consumed , but no one offers brand , procedure , time , or how i can rein in my wankiness . 
  that was incesty . 
  did not even need the extended cut . 
  the rest of the day must be an improvement . 
  the best part of waking up is folger 's in your cup , was the jingle for years . 
  i missed the one you are referring to . 
  type and procedure would be nice , i could step up my game . 
  i enjoy earl grey , i have seen yorkshire breakfast mentioned , i believe . 
  i enjoyed the falling and zig-zagging . 
  is it from a jar ? 
  do you boil the water or zap it in the microwave ? 
  in the us this was typically folger 's , and it was freeze-dried . 
  the indian country media network article was interesting . 
  i looked up winnetou on youtube and there are multiple full versions of german movies . 
  [ here is a link to an article about the shared dna of native americans and western europeans from a migration out of the altai region of siberia . ], 
  ( https://arstechnica.com/science/2013/11/ancient-siberians-skeleton-yields-links-to-europe-and-native-americans/ ),
