einstein wrote a letter supporting george washington carver , the african american peanut scientist . 
  svante p\u00e4\u00e4bo , hans rosling , andreas carlsson , and henning mankell are clever swedes whose works i have encountered . 
  yeah , walt whitman wrote poems that become the songs of birds . 
  i 'm not sure that a babel fish could translate that . 
  karl bodmer , who documented native americans in his paintings before their culture vanished is important to me . 
  because i am an english speaker i am more acquainted with the history . 
  those islands teem with , and seem to celebrate eccentricity , which seems mark the intellectually gifted . 
  there are books on scotland 's contributions to the enlightenment , but i have n't read one yet . 
  what a list of intelligence . 
  thank you for linking to their wiki pages . 
  i had not encountered any of them that i could recall . 
   ru\u0111er bo\u0161kovi\u0107 i had to look him up . 
  what a brain . 
  i read hyperspace by michio kaku and it was filled with stories about isolated geniuses whose work was only utilized by the future . 
  i read solaris by lem . 
  he created a version of intelligent life that was alien to humans . 
  curie , winner of two nobel prizes , while being a woman in a world not open to them , deserves to be shared . 
  i have read one volume of karl ove knausg\u00e5rd 's autobiography . 
  ruthless honesty seems to be a trait he mines . 
  a nice list . 
  gude 's paintings evoke place , people , time . 
  i watch a lot of physics videos and he comes up in almost all of them . 
  quantum theory is spooky . 
   santiago ram\u00f3n y cajal he sounds like a character in a gabriel garcia marquez novel . 
  thanks , i did . 
  i liked the composing while in prison . 
  it reminded me of milutin milankovi\u0107 a serbian mathematician who calculated milankovitch cycles while in prison . 
  i have watched a number of bergman films . 
  i had read of his influence but i had no opportunity to see his work while i was growing up . 
  linnaeus and strindberg i am familiar with , but a i had to look up scheele . 
  i was thinking in terms of shadow cast on years following their works . 
  einstein is almost incalculable , like newton . 
  so many german philosophers , kant should always be in the discussion . 
  nice list . 
  [ while not a family coat of arms , but still : the coat of arms of lappeenranta ( finnish town featured in bordertown . 
  think of how strange america is : we have reenactors who dress up all the time as cowboys . 
  [ like this ? 
  nice link , with loads of information . 
  if there are earlier medieval reenactors , ahmad ibn fadlan could be portrayed . 
  a vivid and early account of the norsemen in 10th century . 
  i looked up the liberation of holland , and i had heard of the hunger winter but wow , 18,000 people starved to death . 
  i remember that audrey hepburn being affected by it . 
  and when i said brits , it was more accurately the canadians , who are , like the australians and indians , overlooked by american history . 
  in the pacific theater , mcarthur would announce an island * liberated * and then leave the mopping up to australians , who physically carried out the end game . 
  i tried googling several of the names and that is when i found they were misspelled . 
  being in a field artillery battery ( 155mm i think ) they would have been called in to `` soften up '' positions . 
  i think the brits were more involved with the liberation of the netherlands . 
  and , you are welcome . 
  it has belgium , france , germany on the front . 
  st jean de daye , isigny , vervier , lowerte , soissons , liege , st denis , st lo , libin , fontaine , domfort , alencon , lenlis , vegmont , carenton , massion , alreneches , argentan , butgenbach , andenne , ballerroy , rubercy , la roche , nogen leroy , bulllingin , hebronval , eupen , falaise , cromback , st martin , schonberg , dun , st clair , bayeux , tessy-sur-vaxe , la ferte vidame , beausaint , tilly , vire , givet , paris , andler , and re __ e. 
  all spelled as found and best estimate . 
  his mother used the helmet as a flower pot . 
  i bugged her to let me have it , and she said after she was gone that i could . 
  my father was in a field artillery battalion that was attached to the big red one a few times . 
  it is tough to follow where he was because it was kind of a floating unit . 
  he gave his mother a german helmet with all the places he visited painted on it , but checking those out was a problem because there are many places misspelled . 
  his discharge papers list five campaigns . 
  in the us with civil war re-enactors it is a given that you are going to have some confederate sympathizers . 
  it is just that here there is open support : confederate heritage month , lee-jackson-king day instead of martin luther king day , statues in public squares , schools , roads , bridges named for confederate leaders , stone mountain georgia , a kind of confederate mount rushmore , cemeteries with monuments , people named after confederate leaders , and , of course , flying the stars and bars . 
  it really is pervasive . 
  thanks for the description . 
  windy comes to mind . 
  that reminds me of a director that insisted on the clothes in drawers ( that were never opened in the scene ) had period clothing inside . 
  some people are sticklers i guess . 
  is it ever warm in yorkshire ? 
  i read * notes from a small island * by bill bryson , and got the idea that while setting was beautiful , it was a bit bleak on the comfort side . 
  when you think of how the earth-shattering events of wwii could have generated generations of hatred and passions for revenge , to choose to celebrate beginning of the end is a mentally healthy strategy . 
  we can all come together on that . 
  dressing up and playing followed by drinks , humans at their best . 
  celebrating . 
  seems a no-brainer . 
  i bet they go all medieval on things . 
  i think i have seen quite a few viking ships and crews paddling about . 
  i was operating on the assumption that they were more heavily regulated . 
  maybe only seen at gun ranges or museums , and otherwise under lock and key . 
  i think i am beginning to understand the nordic love of death metal after reading of the [ carolean death march . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carolean_death_march ), 
  that looks like a lot of fun , and plenty of re-enactors were women . 
  nice , i believe the irish like it when the orangemen march . 
  someone has to be the nazis . 
  seems like things could get complicated , i know the french were brutal , but with the brits and the shadow of gibraltar , and the basques and their efforts for independence , makes knowing what is patriotic hazy . 
  market garden kind of put a damper on the montgomery as savior trope . 
  i have been to a reenactment of pickett 's charge at gettysburg , it involved thousands . 
  noises , smoke , smells , shockwaves , it was an intense experience . 
  i had to look up kurland , that must have been intense . 
  celebrating surviving is a healthy occasion . 
  i like those helmets . 
  there are quite a few clashes to reenact . 
  maybe in the future they will offer packages of experiences , start with being shut in a trench bunker , with trench foot , dysentery , and then typhus . 
  i remember reading * egil 's saga * , they snuck in from the coast and attacked a sleeping farmer and killed his family and stole their belongings . 
  and the drinking afterwards , not sure if it 's kosher for the moors to imbibe , but authenticity of the role probably is shed with the costumes . 
  they do n't reenact the massacres do they ? 
  tony horwitz wrote a book called * confederates in the attic * and he participated in a reenactment that included spooning in the tent and befriending a re-enactor whose specialty was the bloat , where he posed as a corpse and distended his gut and cheeks . 
  maybe he was there representing . 
  at least they have a good excuse . 
  is n't everything ? 
  no , i just was reading about montenegrins and mammoth hunters . 
  i am sure all brits have their bows of burning gold . 
  i bet you are taller than me too . 
  oh , it shows up in the thread , but not in my inbox .
