many of us are much more easily irritated by the fact that we have to deal with the bs in other languages , and it does n't seem as logical when we know from our perspective as english speakers that there 's no good reason for random objects to be gendered . 
  razer black widow 2012 . 
  lol , more to what you were actually intending to ask , i just googled `` ae '' and copy/pasted the lowercase form of it . 
  also , p\u00e6dophile , 
  except it is , because it 's not an empire . 
  which is what i was getting at . 
  yeah . 
  two is bad enough , but three ? 
  trollin ' us . 
  u f0kin w0t m7, 
  yeah , it 's more of an investment to learn it right now , rather than an immediate , significant and tangible benefit . 
  they show no signs of slowing down their economic growth . 
  it 's only a matter of time before they influence the west more prominently . 
   but depending on where you come from in france a similar but different phenomenon in the u.s. is how people say `` mary , merry & marry '' . 
  many do n't say any of them differently , some just a pair of them ( which pair depends on where/who you are ) and some pronounce all three differently . 
  i say all three differently , though there is n't as big difference between mary & merry as there is between those two and marry for me . 
  well that 's 5 of like , 30 words i know right there . 
   an anglo empire rip, 
  though not really wrong . 
  cuz they anus . 
   at least we do n't have gendered language . 
  a gift and a curse . 
   shakira law not sure if intentional ... 
  find a politician with the slogan , `` make the netherlands kill again . '', 
  it 'll sell hats like hot cakes . 
  i 'm guessing that 's probably true for most of that nations in that little cluster you 're around , but i do n't know much about your land or the others really , so that 's definitely just a guess . 
  you 're the first person i 've ( knowingly ) talked to from slovenia though , which is cool !, 
  i suppose that 's one way - probably the way to look at it . 
  lol . 
  i like your explanation . 
  certainly helps ... explain it . 
  i do n't think there are any major races that i do n't see on a regular basis . 
  the company i work at is diverse enough to ensure i see ( east ) asians , indians & arabs enough . 
  philadelphia is something like 40 % + black , and there are plenty in the surrounding area ( depending on where you go ) so no shortage of those either . 
  edit : 43 % black . 
  it 's a slim margin , but they 're the largest group in the city , which is a crazy thought . 
  i wonder why 25 % would n't pick anything ? 
  and as far as moravians go , if it was merely a former nation , what about it makes it ethnically different ? 
  or is identifying as czech referring to nationality , rather than race/ethnicity ? 
  that 's a very good point to raise there . 
  hispanic designation can be quite confusing here , especially when most seem to think of mexicans or south/central americans , and rarely the mostly white looking spanish , in my experience . 
  at this point then , it becomes what one considers to be white , since it 's somehow flexible . 
  kind of annoying . 
  how do other countries do it , if you know ? 
  your outsider perspective likely can be influenced as well . 
  glasgow_girl may say 65 % , but what about mumbai_girl , or moscow_girl ? 
  haha . 
  glad to see i was n't making shit up . 
  of course this wo n't apply to everyone everywhere , as you 'll have people in nearly any region with good educated guesses . 
  and of course the part of atl you 're in would vary too , i 'd imagine . 
  just as a white dude in west philly would see things a bit less white than one in south . 
  it 's also a matter of the experience of the person you 're asking . 
  if a person was born and raised in a predominantly white community in , say , north dakota , they 're not going to have the same idea of it as a white guy in atlanta . 
  personally , i spent the first 10 years of my life in nyc , a few years in philly , and now i live near it . 
  my first thought was 60 % white . 
  apparently i was damn close , as it 's ~ 63 % . 
  even still , there 's more to it , like awareness of the nation at large through other interactions like news and such . 
  edit : funnily enough , the county i live in is 71 % white . 
  that 's fine . 
  overplay anything that does n't fit your narrative . 
  yeah , well , your mom 's a second world country . 
  yeah , or some goddamn parthians , 
  that sure covers all of the rapes committed . 
  pack it up boys . 
  i was hoping for this . 
  as a 6 ' 0 '' american , this troubles me . 
  i 've always been taller than average , and it 's what i expect now . 
  but the youngins are sproutin ' like weeds , and then you dutch bastards are trying to compensate for being slow close to sea level . 
  they can build it , germany can pay for it . 
  yeah , 2 or close to it . 
  i figured they were counting airports in general though . 
  and for them , i 'd imagine like any airport is international since the countries are on top of each other in many cases . 
  meanwhile here in pennsylvania , we 've got 9 main airports , and 122 total . 
  christ . 
  all three of you nations commenting on each other . 
  yeah it was awfully confusing . 
  the only connection they really showed to the og roman empire was that it came from that , split and then suddenly was byzantine . 
   mad as a hatter comes from the fact that those who made hats often developed psychosis from the mercury used to treat the cloth fibers they used . 
  ah , that 's what i was thinking of . 
  i had part of it right , at least lol, 
  true dat . 
  and was it lead or mercury that was in hat lining for a time in victorian england ? 
  that 's where the whole mad ( as a ) hatter thing came from too , iirc . 
  yeah they really bastardized what the byzantines were . 
  i do n't know if they even taught that they self-identified as romans and that byzantine was an ex post facto creation for historical classification purposes . 
  those big 3 points are ... on point too . 
  though i do give them credit for their ridiculous media skills , more powerful ieds and improvised drone `` bombers '' . 
  ha , got ` eem, 
  speaking of , i do n't quite understand isis ' logic on where they attack . 
  britain and the u.s. are obvious choices to me , but why not strike at any country they can ? 
   yes , i do absolutely realize the canaanites being exterminated by the israelites is not exactly a historical fact . 
  considering how many people subscribe to biblical nonsense , i think i can see why people would jump on your shit . 
  clearly historical education is lacking , but i think you 're being a bit unfair about it . 
  most schools seem to cover parts of the period after the fall of the west pre-age of exploration . 
  justinian 's attempt to save the west , charlemagne , the invasion of the normans in to britain , the plague , 100 years war . 
  they did n't understand that mercury was poison , i believe . 
  some used it as part of elixirs to find immortality , though i might be confusing that with korea . 
  as far as wine goes , it was pretty heavily diluted so i 'm not so sure that was an issue . 
  everything else i have no idea about . 
  i 'm not personally aware of any three way interfaith meetings at a high level .
