  to bad that you are n't , as an individual , capable of having a factual conversation without feelings . 
   by that logic you could argue that there is a force for many africans to move to europe now , since changing nationality will help them overcome starvation etc. 
  depends on your understanding of nationality . 
  you see , there are two meanings of the nationality . 
  a german and a french one . 
  the french one is what americans use . 
  anyone can be whatever nationality they want to be . 
  the german one says that you are the nationality you father was . 
  anyway , i agree . 
  these refugees will find more opportunities to work/learn and earn . 
  but i am quite certain that it will be very hard to integrate them into european society . 
  part of that reason is their religion but that 's a very small part . 
  it 's mostly because of the mentality . 
  it 's hard to change mentality . 
  hell , eu just has a joining process so the states candidates could change a lot of bad habbits ( mentalities such as nature protection etc ) so a state and people in it would fit better with other states in eu . 
   really tolerant for the time . 
  and it 's really not that bad , i do n't get what sources you are looking at . 
  if you consider paying for beliving another god , giving your first born and living as a second class citizen ** not bad ** , then i agree . 
  it was not bad . 
  i guess that it would be bad if they were being actively killed , right ? 
  sigh ...  what i 've seen from serbs and others seems to contradict that view . 
  but i may be wrong . 
  what happened in ottoman empire was a long time ago and it is properly analysed and documented by historians . 
  there is a reason why you do not learn less than 50 years in the past , in school . 
  because it 's hard to have a objective historian on anything which happened in less than 50 years ago . 
  ottomans actively forced people into islam . 
   i hope that you will get over your differences . 
  it 's already quite ok . only risky part of the balkans currently is bosnia currently and maybe kosovo ( mostly because of the economy ) . 
   and to a stupid outsider , you guys look way more similar than different . 
  :p you may joke but serbians , croatians , bosnians and montenegrians are basically the same nation which speaks the same language . 
  a bunch of 5 year old serbians , croatians , bosnians and montenegrians would have no problem speaking and playing together . 
  those damn politicians ... 
   there were plenty of rich christians in the ottoman empire i 'm comparing on a scale of a nation ( 100k + people ) . 
  because there were a couple of rich people does n't really mean there was no force to convert people to islam . 
  there was . 
  starvation , taking your offspring and paying taxes were a hard thing for a regular balkan peasant . 
   can i assume that you are probably biased considering your flair ? 
  well , not really . 
  that happened * a very long * time ago . 
  it 's not hard to be reasonable about that . 
  on the other hand , it 's hard to have factual conversation about recent wars in this region with anyone within this region because there is still a lot of hatred , fabricated or unknown facts etc. 
  luckily , our grandsons will sort out the truth . 
  and bears . . do n't forget the bears . 
  i have read that . 
  i have learned that in school . 
  your wikipedia article just confirms that it was hard for non-muslims in ottoman empire . 
  do you consider religious tax and blood tax as not a way of `` forcing '' people into islam ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  yea , count the blood cells . 
  it great , we in the balkans really enjoyed this hobby . 
  dude , people barely had anything to eat if they decided to keep their christian faith because of the religious tax and inequality . 
  do you call that `` not forced '' ? 
  west from the usa are russia and china . 
  does that make them western countries ? 
  of course not . 
  i agree . 
  but i can not agree with him saying that serbia wants to annex kosovo . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  so you downvote based on a flair and not by the quality of the comment ? 
  well , that 's not really nice . 
  anyway , he is right . 
  the current behaviour in the kosovo parliament is very non-european . 
  [ that could be said ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bogomilism#spread_of_bogomilism_in_the_balkans ) . 
   you 're welcome to argue semantics . 
  i am and i will . 
  why , because different words exist so we can transfer the meaning precisely . 
  what you said would make a person not informed about the current situation to think that serbia really is annexing kosovo in a war . 
   but refusing to believe something does not determine its existence . 
  nor does yours . 
  kosovo is n't a functional country . 
  it will be in a future but it currently is n't . 
  for god 's sake , a lot of war criminals are now [ part of the government ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21654654-special-court-try-kosovars-war-crimes-moves-closer-where-past-isnt-even-past ) . 
  i would first greet the independent kosovo if it 's citizens get rid of the current politicians ( a la [ 5 october overthrow ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overthrow_of_slobodan_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87 ) ) and if war crimes get investigated . 
  edit : great the  greet the, 
   annexation ( latin ad , to , and nexus , joining ) is the forcible acquisition of a state 's territory by another state . 
  we did n't recognise it 's independence . 
  if we did recognise it , and then attacked it , that would be annexing . 
  we are n't doing that and your implying that serbia is attacking kosovo is distasteful . 
   and serbian mps are boycotting these sessions because of some albanian symbols in the building or whatever . 
  our mps do not have any problem with the symbols of the republic of albania . 
  but we do with the symbols of the so called republic of kosovo and it 's understandable why . 
  ah yes . . like the confederate states of america ... also , you did n't answer my question about how can you annex something that was yours since the incepition of your country ... 
  how can you annex something that was your country since the inception ? 
  it 's fifa . 
  it 's the prime example of the modern corruption . 
  just imagine my feels when i heard about that . 
  that 's why i do not follow football anymore . 
  how is forfeiting a game in albania 's favor a punishement for both teams ? 
  for falling . 
  interesting . 
  i do not think it 's pushed under the carpet . 
  simply , the news are n't news anymore . 
  migrants became a part of everyday reality and that 's nothing that will be covered for more than 5 minutes in a show . 
  i agree but i do not see how turbo folk has anything with this video or my comment . 
  the context is that the band got sick of everyone giving serbs disgusting names , during the war , so they made a song about it as a protest . 
  you should really provide context about this video . 
  people not knowing why this song was made will be very confused . 
  also , i do not think that it 's anything special . 
  just a simple political protest . 
  hahaha .
