  the problem is that the mine is built by serbians , a lot of workers are serbs and they opose this decision . 
  also , majority of trepca 's mine veins are located in the central serbia . 
   todays prime minister of serbia was talking for expanding of serbia on muslim and croatian territory , and now he is talking totally different things , how can you believe someone like that ?? 
  gee , people change as they get older ... what a surprise !, 
  better cooperate and do business than do war . 
   serboalbanian that does n't make any sense and would just induce confusion . 
  better stick with ` serbo-croatian ' to trigger with guaranteed success . 
  well , it seems that they used ` europe ' in the article while meaning ` eu ' so probably not . 
  actually , it 's quite attractive . 
  i wanted to phone my family at home while i was in slovenia and a minute in roaming for me was 150 rsd ( 1.2 eur ) . 
  fuck that . 
  there is no ` american ' language . 
  ah yes . 
  totally forgot about the macedonians . 
   90 % of young croatian people would not understand every part of this sentence . 
  the precentage would increase if it were written in cyrillic . 
  that 's mostly because of the politics . 
  if the cyrillic was still teached in croatia and if there were books in schools which were written in serbian ( as there were once , my father had a book which had stories in serbian and croatian ) , that would n't be the case . 
  i also see the future where the two languages ( including the bosnian and montenegrin ) will start to consolidate into one as the time passes and borders open again ( when the whole region enters the eu ) . 
  i think that our \u0409 ( lj ) , \u040a ( nj ) , \u040f ( d\u017e ) and \u0402 ( \u0110 or sometimes written as dj in latin script ) are also unique . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  well , that is a bit weird for me . 
  good that newer id cards wont have the religion listed . 
  to be fair , this march was a success as there were no incidents . 
  you have your religion written on your id cards ? 
  politics my man . 
  they may be the same language ( actually , i agree that they are ) but you must treat them as separate languages because that 's how they are treated in the world , currently . 
  similar in serbian . 
  but \u043f\u0435\u0447\u0435\u045a\u0435 / pe\u010denje has a different meaning here , it is used to describe roasted pig meat . 
  it 's very interesting how simillar slavic languages are . 
  just because you are in nato does n't mean that we automatically hate you . 
  stop judging people so easily . 
  quite uncommon serbian name , to be fair . 
  i would n't say it was serbian , if someone asked me that yesterday . 
  * looks around to see if bosnians are n't nearby * is the burek with cheese or meat ? 
   ca n't they just go with something neutral like `` yugoslavic '' and be done with it ? 
  `` yugoslavic '' is hardly neutral . 
  it would imply giving away a bit of the independence the new ex-republics of yugoslavia got . 
  maybe in the future cold logic will prevail and all the serbian/croatian/bosnian / montenegrin will be called the same . 
  also , i think `` yugoslavian '' would be the best to describe all the languages but as i said , it ca n't be used due to it 's negative conotation . 
  serbian has * two * scripts in active use . 
  latin and cyrillic . 
  what do you say about * that * ? 
  actually , four . 
  you also introduced the two new ones in the cyrillic script also . 
  what algo do you use to encrypt a crypto-greek ? 
  really ? 
  so , how built them ? 
   those churches are just as much albanian churches . 
  i do n't remmember reading how albanians built them . 
   serbia collapsed somebody should have notified us . 
  i never said that we `` want them '' but that we would accept them if they decide to seccede . 
  it 's not like serbs in serbia and srpska are different like north and south koreans ( as / u/wontfixnow would like to believe ) . 
  what ? 
  calling me a psychopath just because i said that serbian people would accept citizens of srpska if it ever declared independence ? 
  you , my friend , are too easy on insulting without trying to comprehend context . 
  you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  people in serbia and srpska are one nation . 
  were those protest notes sent without a cause , out of the blue ? 
  even if he starts a more hostile politics towards serbia ( which he wo n't because that wo n't be approved by the bigger fish ) , we must also respond the same which serbia wo n't because it 's not in our interest to do so . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , one man is n't a country . 
  to be pedantic , / u/5557878 did n't said that milanovic said that . 
  i understood it as his own opinion , not milanovic 's . 
   they should unite tbh . 
  we have much more in common with croats and bosnians than with macedonians . 
  no , we do n't speak like cave men . 
  if a language differs from yours , it is n't automatically a cave man language ... 
  everybody has a flower , we have a tree . 
  i wo n't complain , we can make nice things from plums . 
  but there is already peace in belgrade ... do you know something we dont ? 
  there are a lot of 'em ... 
   and after that it states that there was no clear definition whether it was possible to seccede unilaterally that 's what i was advocating in my replies . 
   making us feel the consequences even today , and probably for many years to come . 
  cheer up buddy . 
  at least it ca n't get any worse than now . 
   the croatian wiki source is the constitution itself , you ca n't say that a document is biased , it 's just a document . 
  you should really read the english article and the 1974 constitution itself . 
  the interpretation of the constitution in the croatian wiki is heavily biased . 
  in the constitution there was a general remark about how every nation/state should be able to seccede , not just the yugoslavian ones and that remark did n't mean that any nation inside yugoslavia can unilaterally seccede . 
  in the article 5 of the constitution clearly mentions that all the republics must agree for an independence of an region/republic inside the yugoslavia . 
  we do study this shit in school but we study verified history , from the true reputable and nonbiased sources , not the history from which parts are `` conveniently '' left over , as the case is quite often with political articles on croatian wikipedia . 
  the same [ english article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1974_yugoslav_constitution#right_to_self-determination ) mentions this :  right to self-determination  previous constitutions had granted the republics the constitutional right to self-determination , including a right to secede . 
  in 1974 constitution , state that these rights belong to the `` nations of yugoslavia . '', 
  at the same time , constitution includes a number of provisions that may deny a right to secede . 
  ** article 5 requires the consent of all republics and provinces before the borders of yugoslavia can be altered . 
  ** article 283 gives the yugoslav assembly the power to determine alterations in the state 's boundaries . 
  it was not clearly defined whether it was possible unilateral secession or only if the federal government and all of the republics and provinces agree to it . 
  explains the tone of this comment ... 
  concept or no , that is the constitution . 
  and not just the serbian one . 
  many , many other countries have the same in their own constitution . 
  who owns the current soil is n't so relevant when you discuss something that happened many years ago . 
  the way you phrased your post seems like the croatians themselves stopped the ottoman progression into europe . 
   ottoman expansion stopped on croatian soil , bulwark of christianity etc. 
  ottoman expansion stopped on the austro-hungarian soil , in that point of time , not croatian . 
  because you are not allowed by the constitution of your country to seccede unilaterally . 
  ottoman expansion stopped on the austro-hungarian soil , in that point of time , not croatian . 
  serbs also use \u010dajnik ( \u0447\u0430\u0458\u043d\u0438\u043a ) for teapot . 
  probably the same for croatians . 
  hopefully not the only one for long .
