  that 's the point . 
  banning the march from happening is a form of censorship . 
  it would have been better to just promote the counter march that the lgbt community organized . 
  yeah , [ thank god for bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thank_god_for_mississippi ) . 
  what is there to debate ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  of course he should be held accountable for his actions . 
  he seems like a buffoon of president and he should n't be permitted to play with the biggest economy in the world . 
  but what i and / u/bororum are saying is that every news report on trump has become so perverted that its impossible to know that is true and what needs your attention . 
  if i remember correctly the nations were taken from a report given to obama as places to keep an eye on . 
  trump just drastically escalated the measures . 
  i agree with / u/bororum that trump and his cabinet seem incompetent . 
  he is a huge threat for the status quo but he is not the devil . 
  do you think eaeu has a chance of grabbing all of the trade there ? 
  eu seems more interested in trading with china and not the tpp counties . 
  and i pay the same price in sofia , bulgaria for [ this ] ( http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/5966575_700b.jpg ) . 
  it 's just embarrassing . 
  not really . 
  we have the occasional skinhead group . 
  but they are more nationalists than anarchists . 
  if they want to cause problems , they do it to some minority group , preferably with darker skin , and not at public events where the police can fuck them up . 
  this is speculation and i doubt i could ever give you concrete proof , but in my experience sport hooligans fuck shit up for 2 reasons : their team won/lost or someone payed them to fuck shit up . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-government-idusbre95d0ml20130614 ) is the best thing i could find not in bulgarian , that summarises what happened . 
  so while the protesters were getting traction , football hooligans tried to start fights with the police . 
  the guys/gals in blue tried to keep the two groups separate , but that did not stop the media from reporting like the protests were in gaza . 
  public opinion shifted from `` there is something wrong in my country , i 'll voice my concerns . '', 
  to `` its dangerous to go out there . '', 
  or `` protestors are all hooligans with nothing better to do . '', 
  the same tactics were used in bulgaria couple of years back when we when we protested . 
  combined with media slander it did wonders to the public opinion . 
  i think people here in bulgaria are just to jaded to care . 
  we had a thing in the past with john atanasoff ( a guy who played with computers before it was cool ) and more recently with dilma rousseff before the scandals , but nowhere near as much as the serbs and tesla . 
  most of worlds economy is about perception and speculation . 
  and currently both usa and uk governments are seen and/or portrayed as inept so its not surprising . 
  i suspect that all will be back to normal when all election hype form this year dies down . 
  from experience , i would not trust any bulgarian university to provide decent education . 
  especially a private one . 
  we have some great specialized high schools / collages ( or whatever they are called in english ) . 
  i would even argue that they are one of the best especially for math and it . 
  but our universities are just a mess . 
  russia is to busy with ukraine and the middle east to care about the balkans . 
  i was referring to the linked comment and not the image itself . 
  i like how bulgaria is nonexistent in this list . 
  sometimes i feel like we are the kid from first home alone movie . 
  i want to know what is happening in iraq . 
  man i miss r/place . 
  that thing was awesome . 
   places where pepsi rules wait . 
  did pepsi and coca cola divide the world and rule over their domain without messing with the other ? 
  when did the soft drinks war ended ? 
  that sound like an awesome premise for a game . 
  well people also voted pis in . 
  yes only 14 % but still . 
   pis would need judges consent for thet why would pis need judges consent for that ? 
  do n't they control the legislative part of the government ? 
  ca n't they vote on a new law ? 
   remember that majority of eu is liberal and is trying to push everyone who opposes into the line . 
  whether you believe it or not , eu has little to no say in the internal governance of any one state . 
  and that is by design . 
  if there is any liberal push it comes from within poland and not from outside . 
   we would need many calm years to change that system . 
  if pis is doing a good job of running the country they would be elected again and continue their work . 
  no matter what eu or anyone else thinks . 
  that 's the good thing about democracy . 
  from what i understand the system itself is not bias toward one ideology or another . 
  it 's just that people have different opinions of how things should be ran . 
   something `` serves no purpose '' or `` is counterproductive '' or , `` might endanger something '' why pis not work towards removing such language from the law then ? 
  if it 's that bad . 
  changing the whole structure seems drastic to me , just because there is ambiguity in the law . 
   do you have any less controvertial way to make changes in faulty judicary system whos judges want things to stay as they are yes . 
  slow and steady . 
  law by law . 
  i 'm a balkan child . 
  i 'm as far from the west eu as you can possibly be . 
  and from where i stand what pis is doing looks like a frenzied power grab while they are still can and not whats best for poland . 
  i lived trough fair bit of these power struggles in bulgaria and i know that they are always net negative for the people . 
  i call you a troll . 
  not everyone else . 
  your post has nothing to do with authoritarianism and everything with your blatant ignorance of how eu works . 
  find somewhere else to troll . 
  thank you . 
   therefore most of people working there are liberal minded people . 
  well is n't that the point of been in charge . 
  so you could introduce laws that support your ideals . 
   what they got was entire coutry system disigned to work only when liberal party is in charge . 
  the concept of government system designed to work with only one ideology escapes me . 
  could you give me an example ? 
  independent judicial system is one of the pillars of modern democracy . 
  take that autonomy and you ruin the balance and introduce a way for abuse of power . 
  even if pis want to do the best they can and are just removing obstacles , what happens when on the next election someone else is chosen who does not have the best for poland in their mind . 
  there would not be checks and balances to stop them . 
  i get that you do n't sympathize with liberals and want to see your party succeed , but there are some problems that are bipartisan , like universal healthcare , and should be supported by everyone . 
  i think that independent judiciary is one of them . 
  putting a side ops odd request and your nationalism , do you really believe that what pis is doing is good ? 
  i have not look in to what exactly they are changing , but from i gathered , they are stripping the autonomy of the supreme court . 
  i 'm just looking for an input here . 
  different perspectives and all that . 
  because , coming from a country that desperately needs a judicial reform , looking at a one that tries to destroy theirs legal system , it 's just baffling to me that someone supports these decisions . 
  and it will escalate more the rift between v4 and west eu . 
   sex trafficking wait !,
