i propose to start an indiegogo campaign to buy `` encryption for dummies '' for every politician in eu and force them with referendums to read that thing . 
  and there will be comprehension tests in the end . 
  this looks like sofia today to me . 
  around my circles there were two startups that started practically at the same time , fixing the same issue . 
  one registered in bulgaria and opened an administrative office stateside and the other registered as us startup and opened a development office here . 
  this was the only difference . 
  the bulgarian one failed in an year without secured funding and the us one is going for another round of funding with 8m $ secured already . 
  same thing happened with our startup . 
  the only money we could get were from bulgarian accelerators and eu subsidies . 
  a lot of doors were closed just because we were n't registered in usa . 
  we simply do n't have the culture and the economy to support the startup movement . 
   bulgarians were very disappointed and even insulted over the treaty of london-1913 especially because bulgaria and serbia had a treaty signed of how to split the macedonian region before the war broke out which the serbs ignored after the war and instead just annexed all the territories which they had occupied . 
  was there any particular reason why the serbs stabbed us in the back like that ? 
  nevertheless thank you for the history lesson . 
  it is obvious that i needed one . 
  shows how much i listened in history class . 
  the joke is on me . 
  until last year i did not even know that we attacked first . 
  i was told that the serbs used the opportunity that our army was on the turkish border and attacked us , taking land all the way to sofia . 
  but when out battalions reached the front line we pushed them back until we reached nis . 
  and thats propaganda for you . 
  when you were the only one that could be attacked by sea , its logical that you had the most naval battles . 
  as for the books , i distinctly remember our history teacher telling us that the serbs started the second balkan war and secretly conspiring with you to divide bulgaria between yourselves . 
  the way i understand it : in the second balkan war we position ourselves against serbia , which means in ww1 we are on the losing side . 
  in ww2 we side again with germany for another opportunity to hit back those that screwed us before and get back some land . 
  from there we lose again and become part of the russian bloc . 
  before the second war there were talks about a balkan union . 
  after the war there was only ruin . 
  you are right . 
  a national standard is a great idea that does n't hinder the market in any way , while helping the consumer . 
  and we all know that is not the way eu works . 
  stop it already with these knowledge bombs or i 'll become smart and stuff . 
  you know your public education failed you , when most of your history knowledge comes from crusader kings 2 . 
  and this is how ww3 starts . 
  yup . 
  that sounds like us . 
  at least we do n't claim that tesla was a bulgarian . 
  to my knowledge at least . 
  why taking eu subsidies should stop you from been critical of eu ? 
  especially when they treat you as second class citizen in a mutual union . 
  wait ... 
  this is not a thing in eu ? 
  we have our bulgarian standard and i thought its only natural for eu to have one to . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  til we were famous a long time ago . 
  so because we govern differently than you , we have no rights ? 
  i do n't question your us citizenship , i do n't go around talking that you are just a bunch of english colonies with no real rights . 
  so do n't question mine . 
  so what you are saying is , because eu is not a country , usa can disregard any agreement it made with us . 
  from the article :  the commission discovered three years ago that the us was not meeting its obligations under the reciprocity agreement but has not yet taken any legal action . 
  as for the troops ... pull them , i never wanted them here . 
  try to find them jobs in you country . 
  maybe it will fix this global mess of an economy . 
  that 's fair . 
  besides i 'm not the most articulated person to discuss psychology and logic with . 
  well maybe i 'm some child molester , why is not shooting me better the shooting me ? 
  there is a reason you are pointing a gun at my head . 
  you need a context to say that what is bad . 
  in a situation where you do n't know the outcome doing something is better than doing nothing . 
  you use you experience to make the best decision you can , but you still make one . 
  if you do n't someone else will make it for you . 
  what is stopping usa from keeping that rejection rate at 4 % ? 
  in general doing something is always better than doing nothing . 
  in our context i do n't live with the illusion that reintroducing visas for us citizens is good for anything , but then again i believe that the folks at luxembourg are a competent bunch and know what they are doing . 
  it 's true , but what else can the eu parliament do ? 
  maybe i 'm just making excuses for them right now . 
  i 'm just glad they are doing something . 
   however it will still be easy to deny romanians and bulgarians access to canada how so ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  keeping the status quo and good relations . 
  not a big one . 
  that is why no one cares about it . 
  the way i see it its an exchange agreement : no visa for us citizens in eu = = no visas for eu citizens in usa . 
  as we stand there are some eu citizens that need visas and usa does n't do anything about it so they lose their no visa privilege . 
  genuinely curious what are these 3 requirements you are talking about ? 
  from the article :  the commission discovered three years ago that the us was not meeting its obligations under the reciprocity agreement but has not yet taken any legal action . 
   they 're not doing a very good job of moving toward that goal . 
  i know . 
  its a shame . 
  i see it as a carrot and a stick . 
  see canada , they took the carrot , usa did n't want the carrot so they get the stick . 
  but then again this is the eu parliament who listens to them anymore . 
  so its eus fault that usa did not keep its promise ? 
  they are just trying to protect the rights if eu citizens . 
  as you would expect . 
   i do n't think that you understand trump supporters in this context you are implying that / r/the _ donald represent all trump supporters , which i really hope that its not true . 
   we should be making it easier for folks to visit and invest in both the us and the eu . 
  as i understand it this is the end goal for eu . 
  us was the one that did not want to end visas for all eu citizens . 
  the parliament just reacted to what usa did or did n't do . 
  i know what you mean . 
  can someone explain why do we feel that way about a peace of colored cloth ? 
  consciously i think its strange . 
  last time we had such an agreements we kicked istanbuls butt and proceeded to beat each other senseless , till someone from versailles called and told us to stop . 
  you could be surprised by how much the people working in the main stream media want to do good work . 
  yes , msms as a businesses had a lot of problems since the rise of the internet , but that does not make them bad by default . 
  we should be critical , not dismissive . 
  what has to happen for journalists to learn to put sources in their stories ? 
  even if its just `` anonymous sources from ____ '' . 
  news organizations should stop giving more ammunition to this `` fake news '' shit that is going on .
