  take a breath . 
  maybe go outside for a walk . 
  i hear it 's great this time of year . 
  not sure the significance of this , but [ here ] ( http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/video/2016/11/30/romania-judicial-reform-project ) . 
  is there a way to get outside help ? 
  if i remember correctly when romania did theirs the world bank help with it . 
  great start with the name calling . 
   european state surveillance is far more developed can you give me an example of a state that does more than usa ? 
  or are you just pulling alternative facts from somewhere ? 
  so what ? 
  do like the americans ? 
  trade real freedom for potential `` security '' ? 
   considerable number of foiled plots do we have public numbers for that ? 
  or is it all just a [ security theater ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/security_theater ) . 
  yea , not so different from what we do . 
  no , we are just depressed that we do n't have an orange baby to tell us what to do . 
  no one can make us great . 
  sad . 
  we will see what will happen with the arms deals with uk . 
  do kids in croatia try to cheat the test ? 
  in bulgaria there is an increased demand for micro headphones , spy movie style , just so they could cheat on the test . 
  it 's really weird . 
  and then the `` too many cooks '' jingle starts playing . 
  just throwing money at people would not solve this problem . 
  til . 
   the notion of nsa storing the content of my http traffic , assuming i 'm not on a list of some kind , is slightly ridiculous . 
  true . 
  i 've read only a brief synopsis of what snowden leaked so i could be totally wrong . 
  but i could imagine an algorithm that stores only significant packet data so that a history could be recreated postfactum . 
   and we can be fairly certain that no party has the means to break aes-gcm-128 until true quantum computers . 
  after that we are all doomed . 
  ^ ^  dhe/ecdhe also makes sure the encryption stays safe even in the event that certificate key is compromised . 
  did n't they break dhe a couple of years back . 
  still , what events this week have shown us is no matter how good you crypto is when your implementation sucks you are fucked . 
  drama happens here too . 
  but on national scale . 
  i remember reading a story about a pharma company that practically extorted the spanish government and nhs with some critical drug , because they had a patent and/or were the only one that could produce it . 
  well ... they are not investigating the industry . 
  just the one company that is based outside eu . 
  i 'm not saying that there is something wrong with the eu based pharmaceutical companies . 
  it was just an interesting fact to me . 
  we need judicial reform first . 
  the same one romania started 10 years ago . 
  that 's our biggest problem . 
  even if usa did n't collect every http request you make , which they do . 
  they have the power to get any information on you from every us based software provider . 
  practically the same thing as the russians . 
  i 'm just pointing out the hypocrisy here . 
  when erdogan did the same thing we were against it , but now when the sites are n't western we are suddenly ok with it ? 
  it 's reddit - the social network controlled by usa . 
  totally understandable move by turkey/china/iran / venezuela . 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  but this mentality is just wrong . 
  that is not the way . 
  war or no war , with that move ukraine has fallen to the level of middle eastern dictator during arab spring . 
  that is not the way . 
  shame there were n't more of those this year . 
  well 1 . and 1 . 
  ( 4 ) are easily fixed just by creating a dedicated app . 
  in bulgaria we have taxime that aggregates most taxi services . 
  it lets you track the taxi and rate it afterwards . 
  for 3 : uber price is the market value without all the regulations and syndicates the taxi services needs to deal with . 
  and depending on your world view that 's good or a bad thing . 
  as for seen the price before the ride . 
  i 'm working on an android app that does that . 
  we have a problem with cheating taxi drivers . 
  why ? 
  whats the best about uber ? 
  i have no persona experience with the service , so what makes uber better than any taxi service ? 
  then we will make them listen to nickelback on repeat ( spotify ) . 
  let them catch some viruses ( avast ) . 
  and ruin all their hollywood films ( vray ) . 
  we can not beat them , but we can pull one mean revenge . 
  speaking from experience : americans have the culture and the willingness to give money for startups . 
  europeans not so much . 
  please do n't connect the anti-globalist movement and nationalism with racism . 
  there maybe correlation between the two , but no causation . 
  there are real problems with globalism and national identity that needs to be addressed and it would not help if we start calling everyone a racist . 
  til , thanks . 
  i think that 's the point of `` multi speed '' eu , so that `` high speed lane '' countries could boss around everybody else . 
  is n't vat different for every country ? 
  saying that is protected does not make it so . 
  i would love to see a source for that . 
  and i do n't know how eridanous market themselves in greece , but basic web search from proxy in usa , frankfurt ( so no google localization bullshit ) and bulgaria gives me practically the same result . 
  a large assortment of dairy products mostly german made all marketed as greek . 
  maybe there is a branch in the company that tries to export greek products . 
  but i would say that most of the production is foreign made marketed as greek . 
  did not know about the label so i looked it up . 
  and its [ not protected ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2011/march/tradoc_147725.pdf ) . 
  but according to eu commission it `` would confuse the customer '' and `` create unfair competition '' . 
  so you can name your product `` greek style yogurt '' but not `` greek yogurt '' . 
  what ever . 
  there is still no added value . 
  look up the company on the image . 
  they produce where is most viable , write some greek letters on top and market it in a way that is compliant with eu regulations . 
  yogurt it 's just milk with two , three bacilli inside left under the sun on a hot day . 
  the special greek ingredient you are referring to is streptococcus thermophilus . 
  to start producing yogurt you need a small culture of it . 
  and the best part is that you can reuse it . 
  you see , there is no added value when you import yogurt , just a lot of transport costs .
