  what ? 
  rly !? 
  source ? 
  enlighten me . 
  what 's the purpose of this statistic then ? 
  what information it provides and just gdp ppp does not ? 
  what knowledge we gain when comparing those numbers ? 
  i do n't know why this statistic even exists . 
  for someone to point out `` see east is lazy . 
  '' , or what ? 
  it tell us nothing . 
  you get a lot more information from gdp ppp . 
  and we already know that we are poor as fuck . 
  yea . 
  tell that to my accountant . 
  i 'm starting to think she takes pleasure in torturing me with every minutiae of the law . 
  putting aside my poorly received joke . 
  it 's a corporate tax and not an income tax . 
  the latter is payed by every legally working citizen , while the former is payed only by businesses on their profit . 
  and yes the low taxes were introduced as a way to combat the growing grey/black market in bulgaria at the time . 
  yea ... our tax heaven scheme did not work . 
  it 's like you need to have stable and growing economy to invite business to come . 
  no one knew economy is hard . 
   they theoretically already do that . 
  but they rent the original trademark from the parent company . 
  which is accidentally equal to their pre-trademark-fee profit ... 
  i believe you are referring to franchising which is a little bit different than subsidiary companies . 
  but your statement still holds true . 
  it 's not about east vs west . 
  it 's about broken laws abused by corporations . 
  well . 
  i have worked for a french company and a german company that do exactly that . 
  the bulgarian subsidiary is `` contracted '' to do the work and is payed only the wages for the workers and to pay bills and all the profit is for the foreign company . 
  and that is normal practice . 
  and that 's my point . 
  people work hard , but do n't see the full benefits of their labor , because corporations use loopholes in the system . 
  they see that nothing is done about it and get angry and upset . 
   of course it does change , more taxes mean less profit . 
  simple as that . 
  i have no idea why you decided that this will add more taxes . 
  my statement is : kaufland bulgaria should pay corporate tax in bulgaria on the profit it generated in bulgaria , and not in germany . 
  simple as that . 
  and this applies for every country . 
  if corporation operates in a country it should pay taxes on the added value in that county and nowhere else . 
   there 's only a marginal difference between a polish company doing the work for vw and a vw polish subsidiary doing it . 
  the polish company doing the work will generate profit in poland and pays income tax in poland . 
  on the other hand polish subsidiary will generate profit in germany and pay taxes in germany . 
  i would not call that a marginal difference . 
   therefore companys are only allowed to employ workers in their home countries where they pay their taxes . 
  what i 'm saying is that countries can operate wherever they want . 
  the only thing i want is when a value is created the taxes on that value be payed where it was created . 
  currently we have somewhat workable solution with vat . 
  but is cumbersome and can and is easily circumvented with subsidiaries . 
   so because volkswagen does n't directly pay taxes in poland , you want volkswagen to close their factories there and they should only employ people in germany ? 
  i do n't see the correlation between encouraging/forcing companies to pay taxes in the countries where their product/value was created and said companies stopping production in those countries . 
  those countries were chosen because of the cheaper there . 
  and that does not change . 
  so why pull out . 
   what do you mean ? 
  the taxes are payed abroad . 
  meaning the economical value you 've created your country does not benefit from it . 
  it 's not about which billionaire pockets your are filling . 
  it 's about who benefits from the work . 
  right now a polish worker in skoda does the work , but german economy reaps the rewards . 
  his community only gets the benefit of him been employed , which is not nothing , but it 's far less that he produced . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i think all that `` yea '' for scottish independence came in after brexit . 
  / r/europe mostly wants unification and or peaceful co-existence ( and [ things ] from [ places ] memes ) . 
  so it 's not surprising that any independence movement is not liked here . 
  and mississippi will never be as good as california ( in the context of economy ) , but its still better then bulgaria compared to sweden . 
  yes ee will never be on the level of we , but in any list there is always first and last . 
  the real fight is to bring the gap between them to a minimum . 
  and , for me , this is a fight that must be fought not just by ee but we too . 
   today there are too many european standards this reminds me of [ xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/927/ ) . 
  unless the profit margins are so low that anyone with enough resources would n't fill it . 
  and anyone that want to do it does n't have the resources . 
  it would be help if it was not their choice to be there . 
  i highly doubt that people are forced by someone to be on those boats . 
   that 's such a generalization and i 'd add that the `` state '' is a very recent concept in human history not a native speaker . 
  by state i meant autonomous governing unit what ever it maybe . 
  a tribe , a county or a nation . 
  so how `` all states ( autonomous governing unit ) compete with each other for resources '' is false ? 
   is your history view limited to the last 200 years ? 
  what about the ancient empires for instance ? 
  so lets disregard 3000 years of social evolution and proclaim that because egypt and assyria fell so must modern society . 
  is that what you are saying ? 
  besides you had not answered my question . 
  when was the last time we had a tribe or a village deciding to separate themselves from a nation ? 
   natural !? 
  how is that natural ? 
  what does it even mean ? 
  all states compete with each other for resources , yes ? 
  if we agree on that we could also agree that a bigger state with more resources outcompetes a smaller one with less resources . 
  by that line of thought it 's natural for a state to try to grow even to align itself with other states with similar interests just so they could compete better . 
    tribe  hamlet  village  duchy/county / ...  nation state  continent-sized union . 
   historically false when was the last time we had a tribe or a village deciding to separate themselves from a nation . 
  did it had any positive effect on the separatists ? 
  current society has outgrown villages and duchies as form of autonomous governance . 
  so why not nations ? 
  and whats the purpose of de-globalization ? 
  what do we gain when we divide the world ?
