  but macedonian flag would hit some people harder than the roma one . 
  i do n't feel triggered enough . 
  bulgaria should get the macedonian flag . 
  and maybe give macedonia the greek one . 
  i have no source . 
  it 's just a thing i gathered from skimming the news in the morning . 
  then i do n't know may tries to delay the talks . 
  well eu said they will target social issues while uk is going for economical . 
  if eu comes out of the brexit talks without securing the freedom of movement and work . 
  then they lost . 
  people affected by brexit trust eu now to resolve the problem so they can continue with their life . 
  if they do n't `` fix this '' it 's a loss of face and faith in eu . 
  p. s. how the hell people write posts on their phones . 
  it took me 5 minutes just to write this . 
  but no deal also means no free movement for eu citizens . 
  one of the main things eu said they want from brexit . 
  if there is no deal i imagine may will come out and say `` we wanted to give eu what they want , but they were unreasonable . '', 
  i 'm starting to think she did it on purpose . 
  she tries to pressure eu . 
  give them less time so they would be willing to give more . 
  as i understand it , ireland is one of the main countries used to cheat the tax man . 
  so joining could really hurt the economy there . 
  i 'm going to zagreb in september . 
  anything else cool i should know about ? 
  so in a sense what / u/lamepuf asked is a valid question . 
  how big was the sample size and from what background and location ? 
  and in a good study your statement is partially wrong . 
  they are asking random strangers . 
  if they do n't , they are skewing the data and by definition that is not a good study . 
  and how exactly polling works ? 
  well it is n't . 
  but it should . 
  and in due time will . 
  i feel like people , that scream corruption here , have not seen what real corruption looks like . 
  these are just normal expenses to allow meps to do their work . 
  is [ tactical2017 ] ( https://www.tactical2017.com/ ) blocked yet ? 
   you make it seem like we 're retards calling ourselves european wow ... 
  sorry if it seemed that way , but i had no such intention . 
  what i said is what i meant . 
  making eu synonymous with europe does not mean in any way that people outside eu can not call themselves europeans . 
  for me `` european '' is a cultural thing and not a geopolitical . 
  yea , i got sidetracked a bit . 
  and to your question . 
  yes . 
  why would n't it apply . 
  you can call yourself what ever you like . 
   and i like being a european . 
  no one can take that away from you . 
  and besides you are eus canada . 
  you are even better than been just part of europe . 
  could you give me a link or a citation ? 
  i do n't remember arguing for or against any meaning of the word `` europe '' . 
  but maybe i 've forgotten . 
  it 's not an imported problem . 
  it 's an exported one . 
  and we will continue to have it as long as we segregate ourselves by arbitrary placed geographical lines . 
  genuinely curious . 
  why ? 
  in what way it affects you as a person or norway as a country ? 
  and you are basing this statement on what ? 
  well you could argue that the brits made europe mean the elitist thing it is today . 
  so by associating eu with europe that will exclude them soon . 
  but everyone wants to be part of the cool kids . 
  boris johnson for pm !, 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you are arguing over the semantics of some reporters words , because the meaning of `` europe '' in the context does n't suits you ? 
  europe did not leave that part behind . 
  that part decided for itself to go a different way . 
  and i wish them all the best on their journey . 
  i can play smoke on the water . 
  would not be the first time , and definitely not the last . 
  but i have not seen any evidence that people here believe that those social slips are more than just that . 
  it 's for shits and giggles . 
  it 's a political subreddit so it 's normal to bash on the `` enemy '' . 
  but i do n't think people read to much in to these . 
  `` before i liked him , because he was change . 
  now i like him because everyone else calls me racist , xenophobe and misogynist '' i do n't think people really like him . 
  it 's more that us politics is `` black & white '' . 
  if you are not with us , you are with the enemy . 
  people still believe in the republican ideals and it just happens that trump is a republican president . 
  i suspect there is something to do with the annual financial reports . 
  for instance in bulgaria we have until 30 of june to pay all taxes and provide the reports . 
  so our first quarter is significantly higher than the rest of the year . 
  well kind of makes sense . 
  it 's 2 times bigger in territory and 3 times in population . 
  and it 's closer to the important markets . 
    there may be a surplus of incompetence around the wh right now but do n't pin this on trump . 
   clearly shows his bias ; since this is ridiculous . 
  so because they are not hyper critical of trump , instantly there is a bias . 
  and since when is ridiculous to point out other peoples incompetence not just trumps . 
   imho , what keeps things in motion is the pro eu sentiment in a majority of voters , which keeps politicians in check . 
  and that 's the crux of it . 
  people here are still divided . 
  most with pro eu sentiment are already somewhere else in eu . 
  and we are left with the old pro-russia , the misguided nationalists and the undecided . 
  no united front to push in any direction . 
  / u/footzz has a valid criticism of the sensationalist tendencies of us media . 
  and it 's directed at all news outlets not just the democratic ones . 
  so i 'm not really sure why are you so buttclenched so much . 
  come down .
