  what smaller states gives us that large ones does n't ? 
  you have an idea of how the world should work , and i 'm interested in hearing it . 
  well if we do n't consume it we would not import it . 
  it 's the nature of the current economy . 
  and if they target something like steel it would not have the same deterrent effect . 
  if is something small us could try to take the hit and continue with the attack . 
  it 's a retaliation and not an attack . 
  it 's obvious that eu does not want to start the war , but if they do n't act now . 
  do n't `` show teeth '' . 
  it would be a sign to others that eu could be pushed around and played with . 
  and the whole purpose of eu would be lost . 
  well i 'm sure there are non profit or two that will be glad to help . 
  and if not there is always the private sector . 
  i 'm not saying we need hilton hotel on buzludzha , but it 's better than to leave it to the nature . 
  * said the quite sophisticated australian who just generalized 320 million people . 
  i think the meaning of that one is different . 
   no good deed goes unpunished . 
  means that been morally good does not help you in life . 
   the road to hell is paved with good intentions means that even though you think you are doing good thinks , you could be screwing royally . 
  i would love to for our government to get it shit together and preserve that monument . 
  it 's one of the more visually striking legacies we have . 
  but with the current `` everything pre-1989 is bad '' mentality it i 'm not keeping my hopes up . 
  to much russian for polish commonwealth . 
  sad . 
  if we agree that some regulations are needed . 
  then in your eyes how one decides what to regulated and how much ? 
  i would suspect that they wanted uk speed eu . 
  and that is why it was dismissed . 
  and now it will be franco-german speed . 
  does not matter much to me . 
  until we have a federation or something similar . 
  my country is still fucked . 
  / r/evilbuildings, 
  to many cooks and to much liberal bias . 
  besides who will pay the bill ? 
  it 's a great idea , but with no central authority to dictate what must happen we are stuck . 
  not exactly . 
  our population is shrinking rapidly . 
  so it 's not growth per se . 
  and to think that in bulgaria recently there was a scandal that the petrol was overpriced because of shady dealing with lukoil . 
  no one asked for your war . 
  so go play with your toys in your own yard . 
  just remember that this works both ways darling . 
   i think every balkan state had their share of such leaders i blame ferdinand for most bad things in the new bulgarian history . 
  if it was not for him we would have been with the balkan league in the ww1 and not against . 
   but let 's just watch croatia vs. slovenia today . 
  but they do n't even fight for it in the comments . 
  there is no spark there ^ ^ . 
  to much canadian for the balkans if you ask me . 
  nope . 
  before the first balkan war there was a treaty between bulgaria and serbia to divide macedonia . 
  after the war serbia decided not to honor that treaty and ferdinand in all megalomaniac political incompetence started the second balkan war . 
  edit : sorry forgot about the serbo-bulgarian war before that . 
  that one was even better . 
  just waiting for you to betray us again . 
  like starting a world war or something . 
  sozopol is ancient . 
  i think it was established in the bronze age as a trade city . 
  so you take responsibility for iraq , afghanistan , kuwait , kosovo or panama . 
  but nothing for ukraine , yemen , venezuela or south sudan . 
  no , you can not claim the moral high ground here . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not saying that usa should go around saving every third world country from their problems . 
  but to claim that us actions are more than just them chasing their own geopolitical interests is disingenuous . 
  you are missing the point . 
  i 'm not saying that usa instigated the internal problems of yugoslavia . 
  i was merely drawing parallels between what usa did / is doing in afghanistan and iraq , and what they did in kosovo . 
  again , i 'm not debating who did what , why or how . 
  all i 'm saying is if the west ( and anyone else for that matter ) does n't want to take the responsibility than they should not meddle in others business . 
   both the demographic and financial situation in serbia and macedonia are to bad for a possibility of war . 
  with russian backing they can . 
  i did not know that us foreign policy is contagious . 
  bomb the shit out of people . 
  support separatists groups in the region . 
  create social unrest . 
  and then expect for them to fix everything by themselves . 
  great mindset . 
  let us sell them weapons . 
  it boosts eu economy and gives inferior tools to the enemy . 
  just do n't boo us when bulgarian made ak is found is combatants body . 
  and now `` malcolm in the middle '' jingle is stuck in my head . 
  thank you . 
  i was referring to the fact that for quite some time bulgarian military industry is selling to saudi arabia ( witch in turn gives them to is ) , because they are to small to compete on the market . 
  and that , when the eu army initiative is implemented , we will see more and more `` lesser '' countries industries follow our `` example '' . 
  selling weapons to the `` enemy '' because our own market does not want them . 
  do n't worry . 
  there is always middle east to sell to . 
  vw would not move production . 
  just invest more in automation and make these workers obsolete quicker . 
  well it 's in the nature of the lists and classifications to have lowest and highest `` something '' . 
  at least poland is not at the bottom . 
  we made sure of that . 
  to many flags , to little country . 
  saying we trigger easily would be an understatement . 
  if psd are that incompetent why were they elected in the first place ? 
  not sure . 
  i 'm so ignorant of europes history , it 's embarrassing . 
  take that romania . 
  see we are better at something . 
  yes , i can see that .
