  geography test , in pisa ? 
   before hakkarainen was elected to mp , he owned a successful sawmill i thought it was a family enterprise founded by his father ? 
  no , native swedish speaker . 
  not a native swede . 
  the \u00c5land representative is for all intents and purposes part of rkp . 
  yes , that is indeed the case , but how that relates to the summaries ? 
  there 's already an alternative fuel obligation in case of gas supply disruption . 
  who i presented in positive light ? 
  nobody is neutral , but who am i biased * for * since apparently i 'm biased against at least the centre party , rkp , greens and the finns ? 
  good points all around !, 
  considering the greens , i might have scimmed your points , as i kind of took them as granted , since usually the green parties all around the europe share those qualities . 
  are you saying that i 'm giving preferential treatment to parties that are n't rkp or greens ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  yes , centre-finns axis might be the most probable basis for the next government , but soini faces a dilemma , since they have lost some of their base back to centre , and their position in negotiations is n't nearly as good as four years ago . 
  going to the government now , with weakened position , might not bode well with the finns voters . 
  hmm , i can kind of see why it looks like that , but i 'd say that i 'm not saying keskusta will be bad , they 'll just do what keskusta always does . 
  neither am i defending kokoomus . 
  * they themselves * decided to pursue weak coalition government and have no one else to blame for that . 
  not to mention , that they have tried to pass bad policies ( no student benefits for second degree , which was quickly rescinded when there was uproar from the student unions ) on their own during the last four years , but more often than not have n't been able to pass even those . 
  i 'm honestly quite hurt for being called either ncp or sdp voter :d ( hint : i 'm neither ) but all in all , could you please point out the things that are n't true ? 
  and if you compare to the tone used to describe the rest of the parties , do you really think it is n't similar ? 
  keynesian economics demand that you have saved up capital that you can use during recession . 
  unfortunately that is not the case with finland . 
  m\u00e4kki has been popular here in finland . 
  even though rapping in finnish estonians might enjoy [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm494xyj104 ), 
  well they could either vote for a party currently without mps or realise that current government 's dysfunction is n't about the parties themselves , but their combination in the government . 
   this will surely help keskusta to attract moving voters who are sick and tired of the government parties . 
  i understand that opposition parties almost always do better in the next elections unless there has been an economical upswing and the current government can convince the voters that it was their doing . 
  what i do n't understand is why they would pick keskusta as the opposition party they support . 
  something bit more old school from avain : [ punainen tiili ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrccgpjchae ) [ roihuvuori ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgytnd7m0s0 ), 
  for your convenience i have written small summaries of all the current parties in the parliament with along the possibilities for the party to be part of the next government . 
  - centre party party formerly known as agrarian league is by all opinion polls taking home a landslide victory . 
  this is utterly baffling since the party is known for advocating countryside on the expense of the urban population , but the urban voter population is more populous than ever . 
  this countryside image goes hand in hand with their social conservative stances such as opposing the same sex marriage . 
  party leader juha sipil\u00e4 has been specially popular , mainly because he has done nothing , so no one has taken offence . 
  only misstep in their campaign has been revealing their true colours with the suggestion of moving over 3.5 % beer to state alcohol monopoly . 
  this was met with quite an outrage and was quickly forgotten , at least until the election , since the party is also known for its fraudulent nature . 
  ( there 's a saying in finland that 's loosely translated : centre party will always double cross ) some examples of the deceptiveness include [ campaign finance scandal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_finnish_campaign_finance_scandal ) and [ iraq document leak ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_leak_ ( finland \\ ) ) ## kokoomus ( kok . ), 
  - national coalition party the current pm party has been in the ropes for its whole term , mainly because they , the most economically right wing party , formed the government with a ) the most left-wing party in the parliament ( left alliance ) b ) most conservative party ( christian democrats ) and c ) the most liberal block ( greens , swedish party , left alliance ) . 
  when the party has n't been bickering with its own government ( because of this the greens and left alliance have left the government ) , it has been trying to pass legislation that all government parties can get behind , instead of doing something to get the country out of the recession . 
  mainly this inactivity will hurt ncp in the coming election . 
  during the campaigning they have been kind of driving two different campaigns . 
  one to show everyone that they are the right wing social liberals that every educated urban person should vote , and another for their original base , where the tagline has been more like `` home , religion , fatherland '' ( straight quote from pm stubb ) ## sosialidemokraatit ( sdp . / sd . ), 
  - social democrats the second biggest party in the current government . 
  they are in bed with the trade unions , but have n't yet realized that the traditional nine to five jobs are a shrinking minority , and hence their base is shrinking . 
  current head of the party , finance minister antti rinne has promised during the campaign that if they win the election , there will be work for everybody , and obligation to take the job or lose social benefits . 
  on the other hand , he has n't said where the money for wages will come or what use is to keep everyone working if the work is not productive . 
  will probably still make to the new government as the assistant party for the centre party . 
  - finns party the openly populist anti-eu party that will rise and fall with its leader , timo soini . 
  will probably avoid going to the government unless getting a really sweet deal , since being liable for your comments is never good for a populist party . 
  in addition to the anti-eu stance , fairly socially conservative , partly because soini is a catholic , and he mainly defines the party lines . 
  one example is the same sex marriage , where he pressured the party to oppose it , whereas other parties allowed their mps to vote with their conscience . 
  members of the party have also flirted with the anti-immigration groups and even neo-nazi groups , but have been shut down quickly by soini the moment press has been involved . 
  - greens party for the educated , urban women . 
  they say that they base their decision making on facts , but simultaneously have a dogmatic opposition to nuclear energy . 
  might make the government , depending how many assistant parties centre party needs . 
  - left alliance the most left-wing party in the parliament . 
  founded on the ruins of finnish people 's democratic league , which united the all the parties left from social democrats . 
  left the current government after a decision to cut corporate tax to ease new hires . 
  the nature of the party is quite dualist : there are the young idealists who could also vote green and on the other hand there are the ancient communists who would probably vote social democrats , but they are too right wing for them , or the ` real ' communist parties , but they want a representative in the parliament , which the communist parties can not offer . 
  - christian democrats easily the most conservative party . 
  make no mistake , this is n't like the germany 's cdu . 
  if somebody , it 's these people who oppose rights for sexual minorities , abortions , alcohol , drugs etc. 
  just this week their leader , interior minister p\u00e4ivi r\u00e4s\u00e4nen said that she does n't believe that humans are descended from the apes . 
  will probably still make to the government , since they are usually good buddies with the centre party . 
  ## rkp - swedish people 's party quite right wing liberal party with an emphasis on the minorities rights , but only if it 's the swedish speaking minority . 
  sadly , their values mean little , since they will be a part of any government if they get guarantees that the status quo for the swedish language does n't change . 
  this election might be the first since 1975 that they do n't make to the government , this depending mainly if the finns party make it or not , as these two in the same goverment would be highly unlikely . 
  - change 2011 did n't originally get any seats in 2011 , but their only mp was fired from the finns party , so he found a new home from muutos . 
  quite similar to finns party , but without soini 's moderation . 
  what useful information the self reported ethnic groups give ? 
  western european countries [ do n't usually ask such questions . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7a/ethnicity_and_race_in_censuses.png ) british isles are the odd ones out there . 
  his ankdammen is showing . 
   that 's a bit hard to manage in the woods . 
  not impossible , but takes preparations i do n't think you 'd have much time for , more often than not . 
  preparations ? 
  the tent had hot stove 95 % of the time when the company was n't on the move . 
  as for putting chocolate between the bread , that takes less than a minute . 
   the most lauded change is the loss of the hated kn\u00e4ckerbr\u00f6d , which was replaced by a tin containing multiple slices of proper rye bread . 
  there 's also a really good chocolate bar . 
  ah , but with rye bread you miss on the classic sweet snack , where you put the chocolate bar between two crisp breads and let it sit a bit on a hot stove . 
  that melted chocolate saved many otherwise miserable days in the forest . 
  yeah , poor him . 
  totally . 
  we could swap \u00c5land for me\u00e4nmaa , but if the swap wo n't work out , i think we could let sweden have \u00c5land anyway . 
   its a great tool to `` straighten '' out the youth . 
  if you want grow-up camps for teenagers , maybe form them as such ? 
  military should be about defending the country , not straightening the conscripts . 
   it 's sort of like saying that switzerland should be split up and divided amongst germany , france and italy depending on the languages spoken in each canton . 
  well it 's not a bad idea . 
  on related note , not so fun times : cleaning the rifle from the shit blanks leave everywhere . 
  as the saying goes , `` centre party will always double cross . '', 
  us did n't recognize same-sex marriages on * federal level * until 2013 , so i would n't say that us was first in legalizing gay marriage . 
  at least the finnish numbers are numbers of subscriptions . 
  there are even more phones . 
  people are usually in favour of the status quo if the subject in hand does n't really affect their life . 
  if you look closely , you 'll notice that he 's wearing team usa jersey under the finnish one . 
  got it probably quite cheap from some finnish fan .
