happy to see lithuania & latvia would be safe without russian gas thanks to the lng terminal due to start operating this winter in lithuania . 
  the terminal can supply 75 % of the total gas demand across the whole region , but i guess there 's no gas pipeline connecting estonia and latvia ( only lt and lv are connected ( ? ) ), 
  btw , here 's what the terminal looks like : http://img.lrytas.lt/show_foto/?id=580436&amp;s=11&amp;f=4, 
  thanks to latvia , we have three tanks in the baltics ( estonia , latvia and lithuania combined ) . 
  woohoo  i wonder if we do n't have tanks because it 's not a good defensive weapon or because we just do n't have money to buy them . 
  lithuania as well is in ( look at the map and the list on the right ) . 
  one of the comments on youtube ( my own translation from russian ) : `` i am a resident of mariupol and my brother was on that boat . . we lived here [ mariupol ] for all of our lives . . if he died i will take automatic rifle and will go smash all the invaders who came to install the russian world . . '', 
  i think we balts should stop trying to become ` northerners ' or ` westerners ' . 
  let 's just be balts . 
  the baltic region is becoming and soon will be a very cool and prosperous place and if anyone wants out to become ` northerners ' instead of creating their own unique identity i think it 's a bit sad . 
  not a big deal , anyways , 
  i think the naming is ironic , because in the video it does n't look like a bad country at all - actually the opposite , looks like a very nice country ( which i believe it is ) . 
  really do n't think so , the opposite , strong europe is in america 's interest . 
  us does n't need to make europe complacent , since the us and europe are so similar already in many ways ( if you compare with the non-western side of the world which is larger and also catching up in its strength ) . 
  us needs strong allies . 
  russian military aircraft violate baltic airspace from time to time . 
  russian fighter jet even fell down in lithuania 9 years ago : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4264010.stm, 
  you learn something new every day . 
  too late to change it though . 
  your link does n't work edit : i think i found a similar picture , here : http://krastietis.lt/wp-content/uploads/litas-680x463.jpg, 
  no , prosperity has a wider meaning . 
  wikipedia : prosperity is the state of flourishing , thriving , good fortune and / or successful social status . 
  [ 1 ] prosperity often encompasses wealth but also includes others factors which can be independent of wealth to varying degrees , such as happiness and health . 
  my guess is that by having 1 design they are trying to make the lithuanian coin more memorable , because there wo n't be as many lithuanian coins as , for example , german or italian ones . 
  you can find it here : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/cf/step1.cfm?keyid=265, 
  that 's interesting . 
  it 's because members of the historical polish parliament had a ` veto ' where one member could block any law . 
  sounds like the eu to me . 
  just found it . 
  you can download the data in csv from here : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/cf/step1.cfm?keyid=265 ( have to select one of the indicators/country/time period first ), 
  would be awesome to know the age distribution . 
  wondering what the reasons are for the increase , a general feeling of everyone or perhaps younger europeans growing to an age of being included into the survey . 
  is raw data available somewhere for download in csv or excel or only in pdf ? 
  btw , thanks for posting this , really interesting . 
  well , there are no _ big _ economic problems in the uk, 
  we do n't need to stop buying gas from russia . 
  all we need is to invest into infrastructure fast and diversify our energy sources . 
  that will drive the prices down which is bad news for russia . 
  we have to create a single energy market in the eu , single body to plan and manage projects and negotiate contracts . 
  and a policy of diversification . 
  however , hard to do when every state cares first about their own national interests and make deals with russia that harm other states . 
  hard to do when some of the countries even want to quit the club . 
  hard to do when every decision takes ages to negotiate and approve by all 28 members . 
  fyi russia has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the world : russia 5.5 % , eu : 10.8 % , us : 7.4 % . 
  by state jobs i mean public sector , or government sector jobs . 
  do n't like discussions where i have to fact check every statement . 
  i thought in russia most ( or many ) jobs were state jobs where you get paid even if you 're not very productive . 
  and you can get paid ( even if not much ) because state has lots of money from selling natural resources . 
  is n't this the case ? 
  if not , what 's the situation then ? 
  i found this a rather interesting read . 
  when i see russians speaking out i 'm starting to believe that not all is lost in there . 
  although this one is rather pessimistic . 
  i 'm not saying we should start a war with russia . 
  but we have to find ways to defend democracy and freedom in europe . 
  we have to take a stronger stance . 
  if anyone thinks ukraine is far away and we 'll avoid problems by not interfering into the business between ukraine and russia they are making a big mistake . 
  the longer we wait the higher the price will be for all of us . 
  we 've already paid for not doing anything by losing close to 300 europeans ( not to mention more than 1000 that died in ukraine ) . 
  [ probably more lives will be lost due to 100 top hiv scientists dying on that plane ( if media is not lying ) . ], 
  we are escalating the situation by doing nothing . 
  the plane crash is partially the result of the lack of action from europe . 
  eu invited russia to send more weapons including the one that hit the plane to ukraine by showing it does n't want sanctions and basically wo n't do anything about it except be deeply concerned . 
  1 ) there is a lot of gas in the world ( us , norway , north africa , shale gas in europe itself ) . 
  we just need the infrastructure and more investment into shale gas . 
  2 ) long term will make a big effect . 
  maybe also short term . 
  at least will send a message . 
  3 ) agree it 's hardly possible , just wanted to point out how ridiculous is having a country like russia in the security council . 
  4 ) will be a lot harder for them . 
  if none of the allies train and sell weapons to russia it will be hard to biuld a strong military fast ( e.g. 
  germans training russian spec-naz and french selling mistral warships ) , who will they buy it from ? 
  china ? 
  i see your point . 
  but does n't russia being a perpetrator in this crisis undermine the entire security council already ? 
  edit : agree with the comments . 
  we can do this for starters : 1 ) make a plan how eu will stop buying russian gas gradually in 3 years . 
  2 ) support ukraine with defense technology and weapons 3 ) kick russia out of being a permanent member of the un security council ( how can a country be on what basically is world 's security council when it ca n't even secure its own border so that terrorists wo n't transport huge anti aircraft weapons ) . 
  4 ) weapon embargo on russia, 
  i 'm lithuanian and i think we should let people put on street names in both polish and lithuanian in polish-speaking regions . 
  i do n't think this is a very big deal . 
  we do n't have to let russian-speakers do the same - because as someone said - they are not indigenous population . 
  but i 'm a lot more concerned and i think a much bigger problem is the disloyalty of polish-speakers to the state of lithuania . 
  ( note , i do n't call them polish , because they are of varied descent , they just speak polish ) . 
  most of them speak both russian and polish and often a combination . 
  therefore , they watch russian tv , vote for pro-russian candidates and mostly support putin . 
  just like the leader of the polish party who openly supports putin . 
  that is a much bigger problem , and we should focus on stopping that . 
  all this lithuanian-polish ` conflict ' is mostly being fueled by kremlin agencies and politicians who work for them ( mr. tomaszewski and his party ) . 
  and unfortunately it will not stop if we let bilingual street names ... 
  it can only stop if both polish and lithuanian politicians loyal to their countries stop collecting local political capital by fueling this problem even more . 
  poland and lithuania , historical allies for hundreds of years , should combine forces fighting the real enemy rather than fighting over non-existent problems . . 
  we europeans ca n't even agree to stop selling guns to russia ... ( french mistral ) . 
  we need strong action , but the problem is the majority of the population just does n't care , especially in europe 's south and west . 
  as a consequence politicians do not care either . . shame . 
  ` the us will have access to satellite imagery that should be able to identify ultra-violet plumes if a long-range surface-to-air missile was fired . ', 
  let 's hope that 's true and we can find out what really happened . 
  it was a feature of an authoritarian regime which the soviet union was . 
  this has nothing to do with the cold war . 
  yep , soviet union was a great thing , well except a few minor things like mass killings , deportations , torture in kgb jails etc etc.
