that 's literally what the british empire said , and the french , and the ottomans , and romania , and the russian tsars , and the holy roman empire , and the popes , and probably a whole bunch of other places . 
  rome is why the eagle is a national symbol of the usa ( and many monarchs ) . 
  he has one south of glasgow too . 
  when he came over to do a visit there i was planning on showing up to throw a brick or two , but it 's hard to get to without a car . 
  paris historically has a habit of collecting a ring of slums . 
  there was one for the french revolution , one in 1890s-1910s and another today . 
  lately they have blamed them on muslims . 
  trafalgar square needs this !, 
  if you 've got a lot of wildlife around those things are n't great , they fry birds instantly , take up a ton of space , blind drivers on nearby roads too . 
  great for deserts though . 
  north africa could do with investment for them . 
  ca n't you just put panels on the south facing sides ? 
  or would that be like those extreme engineering documentaries, 
  they are investments , house prices in london always rise . 
  owners often consider tenants a risk for damage . 
  probs some guy with an obsession wanted a castle . 
  but ran out of cash with one like this . 
  fyi people castles in france are cheap , something about no cultural desire for them . 
  french is the most commonly spoken second language if i 'm not mistaken . 
  england has a bond with france going back to william the conquerer 's lineage . 
  if it were n't for certain historical events the map would be drawn differently . 
  somebody please make it stop, 
  lithuania is a beautiful country , i hope i get the chance to visit there soon, 
  basically an oil field for every sheep . 
  orkney does n't even have trees , trees . 
  it 's supported by a fish n chip shop , the royal mail and a few brave pensioners . 
  englander living in scotland , even i hate england . 
  i 've yet to see an example of fake news compared to real news . 
  does fox news count as real now ? 
  and rt is fake ? 
  this is about increasing us cultural influence , along with the recent propaganda bill passed in us . 
  it 's gaining power for us messages over foreign messages through facebook which is already used by most of the world . 
  if you read the us bill it specifically targets foreign sources . 
  pretty soon the news stories and ads you see on facebook will be mainly from us corporations , and less russia today . 
  exactly . 
  i still do n't understand what they keep saying is fake news . 
  surely it 's just varying levels of shit , bias , misreporting , exaggeration etc. 
  news , by its nature , is never fully informative . 
  go make an online petition, 
  please expand a bit on persia meme, 
  she did n't say anything worth hearing about . 
  most boring 5 minutes of 2016 . 
  [ are you okay ? 
  he was a normal guy . 
  polish truck driver . 
  martyring him gives a sense of solidarity to people with similar lives , and unifies against `` the enemy '' . 
  translation apparently : merit badges country achievement, 
  there are important steps for ensuring data quality , a couple shown here . 
  they are n't always used , as many scientists do n't have a statistical background , they 're not aware . 
  you can rely on large institutions like who since they can employ statisticians to check everything . 
  smaller papers can have faulty methodology . 
  this graph is from unodc , united nations . 
  * pilot study . 
  do a small version of the same investigation first . 
  does it get similar results ? 
  * demographics . 
  they should check whether data is coming from regions as is expected ( are the demographics of the region represented equally in the results compared to previous studies and censuses . 
  my family is thinking of getting a home in umbria , is it okay there ? 
  a little socialism could help the us to deal with poverty but never go full communism . 
  `` just the tip '' . 
  you get usa flairs on here too . 
  people seem to make theirs ... 
  i do n't think uk will be kicked out of this sub once brexit is triggered . 
  looks like a replacement for thanks obama, 
  they are political labels for roughly the same thing . 
  depending on the the country and media outlet : mass shootings terrorism freedom fighters guerilla fighters, 
  now ? 
  yes . 
  fuck them . 
  we do n't want to let each other know i guess . 
  `` if you do n't have anything nice to say , do n't say anything at all '' its actually damaging . 
  a whole one ? 
  [ raw footage ] ( https://youtu.be/zztapk5ic-c?t=2m29s ), 
  can he use it ? 
  is there a neurological developmental window for hands ? 
  this means some hacker sprinkling a bunch of usb sticks around the carpark of the gov offices . 
  people happily pick them up and use them . 
  it 's fecking windy right now . 
  been getting pummeled by storm barbara all week . 
  my window looks like it 's getting hosed down with all the rain . 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/590/objection!.jpg ), 
  err no it 's increased since the scottish independence referendum . 
  most people you talk to here like what sturgeons doing . 
  another independence ref could go through because the last was made prior to brexit . 
  it would basically be asking the scottish people whether they prefer europe or the english . 
  sell weapons to everybody and fuck the consequences, 
  why ca n't they just blow up whitehall for once instead, 
  hounds . 
  like they 're hounding britain, 
  german names make whatever i 'm eating taste cultured . 
  while french bread makes me want to go full shakaturi ( sausage + cheese + pickles etc ) . 
  never leave me alone with that, 
  you know there 's this thing called a coat . 
  they can hide explosives . 
  are we banning coats now too ? 
  the last government cutback the civil service to about 5 old guys and a potted plant , so they 're totally unprepared for brexit . 
  i 've got to see the video clip for this, 
  the mountain pass of caradhras , over the mines of moria, 
  please , regale me with your stories of ... palaeg ... shoko ... ade . 
  growth , but 99 % of hospitality employees still get the minimum wage .
