  this is just money into some fat cats pocket . 
  meanwhile in edinburgh i saw a guy with bacon and eggs tattooed on his forehead , plus his two front teeth knocked out . 
  but not cancer . 
  do n't confuse a supposed `` lack of bias '' for a lack of agenda . 
  even if the bbc stands in the middle they still have to decide how much money they spend on a story and how much airtime they give it . 
  whenever the bbc talks about global warming and evolution they will wheel out the climate change deniers and creationists . 
  despite scientific consensus , a 50/50 split is insisted . 
  in media introducing an idea is really more important than giving rational consideration to the idea . 
  they could say that `` a man was accused of sexual assault '' , now that has viewers thinking he is a rapist for sure . 
  if this was later proved undeniably untrue in the court , it does n't matter because millions of people and the jeering crowd outside now believe he is one regardless . 
  a day spent watching bbc news will leave you believing there is a rapist/murderer behind every street corner . 
  i went long on the euro in forex but it just stayed there . 
  i ca n't understand why a no vote is seen as bad , surely si would mean italy reversing fiscal actions . 
  we could do we a decent alt-left to be honest, 
  or even identify as nazis out of spite , as happened in the us, 
  this is prime ministers questions , which is basically when tories and labour have a rap battle as it were . 
  the house is always completely full then . 
  with imaginary points for getting one over on the opposition , for brown-nosing your party leader , and for towing the party line . 
  what 's said always ends up in the newspapers . 
  we have turkey on special occasions because it 's basically just a bigger chicken, 
  bbc * always * has news is in these exact proportions : 1 - terrorism and/or murder 2 - football 3 - flooding in lancashire 4 - the weather these are interspersed with messages about getting fit and patriotism-inducing entertainment . 
  our lives are not fundamentally composed of the news coverage that the bbc chooses to show . 
  but it does shape and constrict our view of the world . 
  especially since most british people do n't know a second language so we can not gain a perspective from non-uk sources . 
  inb4 passerine * parus * * major *, 
  this is a structure older than farming and written language . 
  probably originally constructed by hunter-gatherers as a common place of worship or meeting point . 
  permanent structures by hunter-gatherers are practically unheard of because their populations are constantly on the move searching for food , so this is unique . 
  this is existed just at the end of the ice age , in a world where cave hyenas , woolly mammoths , and neanderthals still roamed . 
  even turkey could have been a cold place to live . 
  it was used for several thousand years until approximately the time the ancient sumerian culture began . 
  that is far older than the most ancient of egyptian kingdoms . 
  it needs more protection , those pillars are now exposed to the elements . 
  when is russia not on high alert ? 
  maybe they should quit invading people . 
  pink bananas would detract from the point they were trying to make, 
  london is on a whole nother level above the rest of the uk . 
  this does n't go purple enough . 
  without exaggerating the underground is like a can of sardines every day . 
  everyone is stressed and mental . 
  everything 's expensive too , hate it there . 
  that may in fact be the intention . 
  after all most of the people coming over are fit working age adults . 
  leaving behind the elderly this distorts the receiving countries demographics making it easier to pay for things like pensions . 
  french revolution , fall of the roman empire , germany 's interwar great depression - all exacerbated by failed harvests and rising food costs . 
  the mayans were wiped out by famine . 
  ancient egypt 's reign shrank when surrounding grassland became arid desert due to a global climate shift . 
  britain lost india in part due to a lack of response to famine . 
  `` we * all * fall down '', 
  the nhs did fuckall , this is the result of decades of medical research and clinical trials . 
  the nhs just stuck a needle in him . 
  i watched his entire speech on chatham house just now, 
  bojo is a journalist politician , not a technocrat politician, 
  i would be happy to push my sausage through your letterbox, 
  it seems i 've stepped in some shit . 
  as an excitable teen it is . 
  bad reference , what i meant was that the police do n't enforce it, 
  the purpose of the eu seems obvious on the continent . 
  if you 're in france and you want to go shopping in germany . 
  but that 's just not the case in the uk . 
  perhaps it could have been if transport was n't so insanely expensive here . 
  otherwise it would have allowed culture mix necessary for european identity . 
  the costs of the eu are n't only measured in tax receipts . 
  the uk has needed a way to protect northern industry ever since the coal and steel collapse of the 1990s , possibly tariffs , but this was n't permitted in eu legislation . 
  it is also a uk governance failing , but either way this sense of powerlessness was reflected in the vote . 
  low security from a shit ton of gun violence ? 
  portugal is amazing for drugs . 
  i went there as a young teen and casually got a hookah in a restaurant . 
  theresa may might be sending `` aid '' to somalia and south sudan soon, 
  no business refuses a customer . 
  to me this sounds like heckler & koch is getting pressured by german or eu officials ref the move towards an eu army . 
  i just switched most of my tablets web traffic over to the tor network and encrypted the hard drive . 
  theresa may can shove her policies up her ass . 
  monetary union without fiscal union is unsustainable . 
  the monetary policies performed by the ecb effect countries unequally . 
  usually benefitting germany the most to the detriment of southern europe ( italy , greece , spain ) . 
  this is n't recent news . 
  in independent countries when debt escalates they are able to devalue their currency to compensate using the central bank , making repayment possible . 
  this is n't the case in the eurozone . 
  debt remains debt carrying ever more interest . 
  austerity enforced by germany effectively makes the smaller countries into debt slaves . 
  not seen any cocaine myself . 
  i thought we were famous for ketamine . 
  try sportsdirect , where you get exploited like prison labour for less than minimum wage . 
  if you get any hours at all because it 's ran with a temp agency . 
  if they need you for 3.5 hours that week that 's all you 're getting , but you still count as employed so the statistics look good . 
  no man is an iceland, 
  your amazon shipment of teargas cannisters has arrived, 
  what qualifications does trump university even offer ? 
  meng in deal-making ? 
  diploma in success ? 
  spin certification ? 
  should just let scotland stay in the eu then move london 's eu business up to edinburgh . 
  that would truly let us have our cake and eat it . 
  potato , haggis , irn bru , whiskey , endless kebabs , deep-fried mars bars . 
  there are four lights !, 
  i watched it from 14 . 
  it 's utterly moronic but the fact is people ( especially teenagers ) will always be more internet savvy than the government . 
  this is just deliberate people-shaming in a time when government should be improving its own image . 
  can i get a brexit meal deal with a side order of parliamexit,
