you 're not forced a mobile phone , and you can always put it in a faraday cage when it 's not in use . 
  they can find patterns in your movements and learn where you go and who you associate with . 
  you have a mistress at that address , that store is next to a furry place he 's probably a furry , etc. 
  things that can be used to blackmail you . 
  they can find out you 're a dissident of some kind , because you always buy donuts every friday around 22:00 at a certain store , and that store is next to a place where known dissidents gather . 
  now you 're gon na think why is the government targeting me ? 
  it 's not , but it 's building up a database which they can use against you in case you decide to run in politics , in case you start causing problems , they can use it to ruin your life and discredit you . 
  and unlike stasi and nkvd which had to actively spy on people and spend resources , this is a background process which costs very little comparatively and tracks everybody . 
  you can still get paid in cash , you can have cash as a backup , most people i know have cash in a safeplace at home . 
  how bad is your education . 
  croatia was allied with the third reich , we 've had our own wehrmacht and schutzstaffel division . 
  slovaks , bulgarians , russians had theirs too . 
  zhirinovsky probably , he 's the leader a of the liberal democratic party of russia . 
  party was formed in '89 on orders of the kgb as a puppet party to take the votes of the liberals and keep them under control . 
  zhirinovsky has a lot of `` crazy '' statments , calls that condolezza rice be raped , that russia sells kurils to japan , russians to shoot down all birds to stop the bird flu , etc. 
  do n't take him seriously , he 's a tool of the chekists to keep the far-right in russia under control . 
  no reason ? 
  no importance ? 
  it 's destruction cut off supplies to the muslims on our side of the river . 
  infantry can cross footbridges you know . 
  they were n't a direct satellite state , but kekkonen got elected every time because ussr would say they 'd prefer if he won , they had a mutual defense treaty and the finnish government banned anti-soviet media . 
  out of the 4 neutral/non-aligned countries finland was the least independent one , the soviets did n't even consider them neutral , but striving to be neutral . 
  does n't matter if it was capitalist or communist , finland was politically close to the ussr , again not by their choice , but they were , they were firmly in the soviet sphere of influence , and considering how before every election the soviets said they 'd prefer kekkonen and he was elected , a questionable democracy . 
  yugoslavia on the other hand spent the whole informbiro period from '48 to '55 being an active enemy of the ussr , with multiple assassination attempts on tito and us sending military assistance to yugoslavia including jets like thunderjet and the sabre . 
  shitty division , for one you had neutral and non-aligned countries . 
  austria , switzerland , finland , sweden , yugoslavia ( i think that 's all ) . 
  these countries were neither nato nor warsaw pact , so where do they belong , africa ? 
  if i asked people to split those into western or eastern europe , they 'd probably say yugoslavia is eastern while the rest is western , even though finland was politically extremely close to ussr ( not by finnish choice ) while the rest was more closely allied to us . 
  if you look at it from a cultural point we 're really either southern europe or central europe . 
  the balkans in general are mainly characterized by turkish influence . 
  our coastal regions have culturally much more italian/latin influence , on the other hand the continental areas are mainly characterized by germanic and hungarian influence . 
  it relates because the guns are not coming from eastern europe , but from south eastern europe . 
  my added reason for the cause is there because for one some might find it interesting , and it shows how easy it is to actual produce firearms , you just need proper machining equipment , something that every machine engineering university has , i wonder how well they monitor and control the use . 
  also there is no gun problem within the eu , western europe has a problem , but not with guns but with muslim extremists . 
  so you 're agnostic . 
  saying that there is no god without proof is same as saying there is one . 
  you 're making an unprovable statement . 
  almost all of the weapons come from countries of ex-yugoslavia , i.e. 
  serbia , bosnia , and my country of croatia . 
  this is a product of the arms embargo west enacted during 90s , which forced the population to start buying weapons from smugglers and to start their own production in homes , especially during the early parts of the war , before we got organized . 
  of course these people now have contacts with the weapon smugglers and can produce firearms illegally . 
  the outcome is logical . 
  secondarily there is a lot of leftover weapons , and these are n't just small arms , but mortars , manpats , manpads , etc. 
  i 'm personally surprised nobody smuggled a strela from bosnia or croatia and shot down a civilian jet . 
  so you agree with me , atheism is a belief , you said it yourself . 
  atheism is a belief since it 's impossible to prove god 's non-existence , as is existence , as far as we know for now that is . 
  but so far the problem i 've encountered is that every one of the militant , i 'm stuck in the teen rebellious phase , atheists does n't grasp the concepts of knowledge , belief , and proof . 
  you 'll find that they claim that they do n't believe in anything , that is that they do n't take anything on faith , but have proof for everything they hold true . 
  i usually ask them if they think math is true and then ask them to prove the axioms , since they have proof for everything . 
  the problem is every one of them has gaping holes in their mathematical education . 
  first generation immigrants are still a problem then , each one is an incubator for a future terrorist . 
  by stopping the flow of first generation migrants you will at least ensure a lower number of second generation ones in the future . 
  it is an option because saving somebody from a car crash is proscribed by national laws , and this is proscribed by international laws , and we all know international laws are meaningless since there is nobody to enforce them . 
  is us gon na sanction or invade eu if we fail to rescue migrants , is china ? 
  exactly , not only are they unwilling to fully commit , a lot of times they would politically undermine the war effort , because `` evil '' british and french . 
  the second problem is the hypothetical eu army , if only concerned with mainland eu would n't need real expeditionary capabilities , but with overseas territories you need a large blue water navy , which would drastically increase the costs . 
  your allies are your allies . 
  eu army wo n't work if your not willing to fight for french colonies . 
  germany is extremely anti-war . 
  you 're unwilling to help eastern european interests , but are actively undermining them with nord stream . 
  your army is a joke , 200 leopards , an assault rifle that melts . 
  half the airforce is inoperable . 
  in addition france and uk ( although uk matters less now ) still have overseas colonial interests . 
  interests which the rest of eu and nato were active against during the cold war . 
  nobody helped spain with morocco , france with algeria , or uk with falklands . 
  considering it 's russia , this [ fagot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9k111_fagot ) is a much more interesting option . 
  exonyms are really [ common ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_exonyms ) . 
  why would it cause confused tourists ? 
  if you 're speaking german you 'll say eisenstadt , if you 're speaking croatian \u017deljezno , and if you 're speaking hungarian kismarton . 
  yes i mean modernist architecture . 
  soviet constructivism , international style , brutalism , etc. 
  postmodern architecture i find ugly . 
  when you say modern , do you mean modern as in modern architecture or do you mean built in recent times ? 
  because in my opinion postmodern architecture is ugly , but modern architecture is great . 
  i think [ brutalism ] ( http://www.salk.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/architecture-conservation-program-salk-institute-teak-767.jpg ) [ is ] ( http://media.architecturaldigest.com/photos/55e763c8302ba71f30163f64/master/pass/dam-images-architecture-2013-02-salk-institute-salk-institute-la-jolla-california-h670.jpg ) [ great ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d2/buffalo_city_court_building%2c_1971-74%2c_pfohl%2c_roberts_and_biggie_%288448022295%29.jpg ) . 
  i 'll apologize in advance since this turned into a wall of text and a rant . 
  see you 're on point , you actually agree with me , at least you agree on the problem , probably not on results . 
  i am against gay marriage , but then again i am a nationalist and a fairly fanatical catholic , so i disagree with the majority of this subreddit . 
  one of the problem with the modern liberals ( as i 'll call the people i 'm thinking about , i am a nationalist after all ) is that democracy is only when their people win ( my side also suffers from this problem , but less so since they 're not in power ) . 
  we 've seen it in greece , once golden dawn started gaining votes it was called undemocratic even though people clearly voted for them , we 've seen it with fp\u00d6 , in 2000 eu sanctioned austria because they voted wrong , and we 're seeing it in poland right now . 
  from what i 've read everything pis is doing is within confines of polish law , the constitution allows changing the way judges are chosen and if it 's changed it allows for removal of all of them , and the system they 're changing to is actually the same as is used in many countries in the eu . 
  progress is a funny word , originally people could fuck whatever and whoever they wanted , there were no laws . 
  then we had progress and we banned same sex relations and developed agriculture . 
  now progress is allowing same sex relations . 
  was the original not progressive , or is the current one regressive ? 
  i think another one of the problems is the belief that people have that they 're absolutely right , now i never read fukuyama 's the end of history and the last man , but i 've read about it , and he clearly had the same delusion . 
  he believed that the liberal democracies are the ultimate government and in future all governments will become them . 
  instead we had a surge in islamism , sharia law , china has grown stronger and is still a one state party communist state , and russia has had a resurgence and certainly is n't a liberal democracy . 
  same thing with your opinion what the society that does n't need progress looks like , it does n't exist , there will always be `` progress '' . 
  if islamists win in western europe they will take power and create `` progress '' by introducing sharia law . 
  if my people get power we will turn more nationalistic and increase the christian values and i will call it progress , and for me it will be progress , for you as far as i can tell it will be regressive . 
  who decides whoever controls the violent force . 
  diplomatic power should always follow violent force , because if somebody gets less diplomatic power than the violent force he possesses , he will use violent force . 
  that 's why the permanent members of the unsc have a veto and that 's why we have democracy , because on the grand scale in a country every man possesses the same amount of violent force , one man one vote . 
  if you do n't like it you can accept it or try and change it using violent force , same with me . 
  but remember violence is n't only killing people , violence is causing pain and the pain can be physical , economical , psychological or otherwise . 
  when the farmers close down roads with tractors , when the truckers strike and threaten food shortages that 's violence . 
  oh it 's not , i know that human rights are bullshit and should have never been written since they enable morons . 
  rights exist as long as there is a violent force behind them . 
  breivik is in imprison since the norwegian government has the violent force to keep him in prison .
