  2nd , we 're talking about a husband of a woman put under criminal investigation . 
  surely he 's words will be used in our domestic affairs , but this guy is currently nothing more than an old man being used for the campaign . 
  just look at him , he had a great life , banged a lot , just let him rest ffs !, 
  would n't bother . 
  you must have spoken to the thousands of people , impressive . 
  still more than 30 % ( 31-34 ) of support , every poll . 
  no idea where did you get your `` half '' . 
  i 'm hearing treaty of trianon buzzing somewhere nearby, 
  now just make your fence ten feet higher !, 
  you have stolen the 1st place from stronk polan !, 
  drop bears live there . 
  scary !, 
  mind = blown , it all make sense now :d, 
  latvian jesus from spain , got ta be another miracle !, 
  potato jesus is my favourite piece of art, 
  i feel sorry for romania , low in coke , low in cinemas , sad !, 
  slow clap ( glad i can ) , 
  or just germs , they are everywhere too, 
  true , such an embarrassment, 
  well said , except france , they sold us too !, 
  xd but cheese is great so all sins forgiven, 
  i 've read people made fun of him because he has n't married but this is just ridiculous, 
  a dutch guy knows ma\u0142ysz ? 
  : o that 's surprising you know , no mountains . . 
  i thought the only winter sport you know is speed skating xd, 
   one was supposedly gay . 
  what ? 
  latvia is like austria , only with no potato, 
  imagine the feminist outcry about men `` manspreading '' on the toilet . 
  we are doing it now are n't we ? 
  that was kinda dick move i agree , 
  shhhh , it was just a little revenge for 1919, 
  i recommend drugs as the best kind of drugs , nostalgia as a drug is actually dangerous . 
  there is a solution !, 
  leave the country . 
  but if you ca n't even leave your small city and find a job elsewhere , my guess is your parents house is too comfy , and your ass , too lazy . 
  blame the church . 
  this is an idea of literally one unknown crazy mp , no worries . 
  you were collaboratting with the soviets !, 
  how am i doing ? 
  i know that feeling ... 
  i 've never even been to estonia or met any estonian ( though i 'd like to ) , but the estonian darkness is hounting me , even now , writing this comment . 
  there is no hope , no escape . 
  which is ironic cuz i 'm drinking finlandia right now : o, 
  amen, 
  you want russian minority ? 
  let lithuanians have it :p, 
  wait , i though being gay is not a matter of choice ? 
  it 's determined , right ? 
  then so is finding gay porn icky . 
  not real communism !, 
  :d was waiting when that pops out, 
  fascist this , fascist that , i get it , you like the word , but saying ussr was fascist not communist makes you really a special case of fun, 
  let 's be serious ... 
  my sides :d lot of commiescums in this thread, 
  i 'm seriously hoping you are the one that do n't know shit about history , because there are only 3 options for someone defending communism . 
  no knowledge , insanity , or evilness . 
  sometimes it 's all three , and you have antifa trash as a result . 
  you are right . 
  it 's the communism that makes all communists scum . 
  the question is : is it the vile ideology that makes people scums or maybe a person is a scum in the first place and that makes this induvidual to like a vile idealogy . 
  kinda like chicken or the egg dilemma . 
  a basic google search for molotov-ribbentrop pact gives 1 , ultimate example how both nazis and communists were scums . 
  ofc at the same time , hitler did hate communists and wanted to exterminate them , but what 's it got to do with anything ? 
  i already said i 'm not for killing them , just isolating them , and your argument `` it always starts like that and leads to genocide '' simply is n't true . 
  i know about ww2 quite a lot actually . 
  like nazis and communists were best buddies when they both started that war . 
  thieves coming back to power vs. some infected trees . 
  what could be more important ... tough choice . 
  no alternatives, 
  if a political idea is an existential threat it should be contained . 
  we quarantine people with infectious diseases and i see no difference between communism and a plague . 
  in fact there are some good bacterias , there are no good communists . 
  besides , `` that 's how it always starts '' argument ... please . 
  you said it yourself `` thousands of people in america were unfairly prosecuted and imprisoned for being communists '' , did something started there ? 
  deathcamps in america ? 
  i do n't count deathcamps as prisons . 
  never said communists should be killed , just separated from the society . 
  how is imprisoning a communist unfair ? 
  it 's where they belong . 
  even with premature elections , they would still just win them again, 
  reminded me of [ adolf niggler ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnxywtn.png ) , supposedly a nationalist from finland . 
  i 'm still not sure if this guy is real tho . 
  do n't know why , but german and belgian flags look scary . 
  besides , why are every country named in english . . and there is deutschland ? 
  i know i should have asked previous op like 2 days ago but still ... 
  op said that people in poland are being arrested for blasphemy . 
  arrested , and that never happened . 
  there were a few trials , but no one , ever , was handcuffed , put to jail , not to mention about sentenced for prison, 
  a couple of months ago , exactly , trully a crusade of our times . 
  yet i can agree with you , such incidents propably occur more often in poland than in sweden , in which people are more often attacked for having `` lighter skin '' than in poland  . 
  he specifically mentioned arrests for blasphemy and `` censorship by the church '' whatever that is , which are lies . 
  support for lgbt rights is low in poland , that 's true , but there is no more violence than in other european countries , and even so , it 's not supported by the government . 
  and what anti russian and middleeastern sentiments got to do with democracy or freedom ? 
  do people really do n't understand what `` arrest '' mean ? 
  yes i know that there was this case , but he was not arrested . 
  for the love of god people ... 
  yet no one was ever arrested . 
  true about drinking , lies about everything else . 
  score : 25 % .
