hard to tell, 
  millions of poles ? 
  every day ? 
  haha , is that what your media are telling you ? 
  i would srlsy add romania to the club , v5 sounds better, 
  well unfortunately that disgraceful stereotype still lives , i 'm sure it will fade in time tho, 
  what do you mean ? 
  what ? 
  i 've only agreed with you that we survived worse things . 
  i do n't care who do you support . 
  true , 7 years of manipulating ginger pm aka donek `` poland is an abnormality '' t. and another year of his successor and we are still here !, 
  not to mention 5 years of presidency by our beloved bronek bul -- shogun komorowski . 
  when did i say that ? 
  i 'm just saying media 's are overreacting , and some people actually fall for it . 
  as i said , there 's nothing to worry about . 
  there 's nothing to worry, 
  surely , because they did n't have any excuses back then . 
  ofc it is . 
  constitutional court is just an excuse . 
  they will find another and another , yet it still wo n't change a thing . 
  neither po nor this figurehead petru and these naive protesters who believe them will not be able to stop current government . 
  no matter how loudly `` polish speaking media '' will cry , lie and manipulate . 
  i 'm actually having a good laugh about it . 
  `` democracy is in danger '' , pathetic . 
  when people get bored , next lie will propably sounds like `` internet is in danger '' or something like that . 
  losing an elections hurts, 
  no ofc . 
  as we can see . 
  but it 's going to go much more smoothly , when squeaking of the pigs detached from the trough become quieter . 
  thousands are protesting against the government , meanwhile millions are cheering for it in order to remove all previous rulling party infulence, 
  yea , polls can vary . 
  still , i 'm not surprised about nowoszesna 's since their leader is so promoted in the media . 
  since po were falling , sooner or later such party of po 's paratroopers and komorowski 's lackeys simply had to happen . 
  hopefully they will end like palikot - in the political cementary . 
  media 's aggressive propaganda will eventaually bore everyone , and the new government could finally do their cleansing . 
  according to tns 42 % of poles would vote for pis ( 11.12.15 ) http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1342,title,sondaz-tns-polska-42-proc-chcacych-glosowac-popiera-pis-17-proc-po,wid,18040324,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=1161b4 - more than before , so loosing popularity in polls is only a wishful thinking of the libleftists . 
  we will . 
  they more libleftist figureheads and `` polish speaking media '' are crying the more i 'm convinced that we 're on a good road . 
  you want us to be grateful for all the rapes , pillage and people being butchered in commie slaughterhouses ? 
  why ? 
  those dates are going to make a lot of confusion in the future, 
  because national pride = nazism according to leftist fb, 
  now we 're literally hitler because we celebrate our independence xd, 
  he , true i did n't notice ... 
  now you need that 2 % gdp on military , or god emperor will forget about you , 
  i know that , but i do n't think that 's the reason . 
  that was so long ago , but i agree it was an interesting part of our history , poles who just lost their country sent by the french to fight independence desires of others , kek, 
  i agree , like over 50 % of the polish people , it 's lower than eastern average , but still a majority , 
  i think the the reason is polish hereditary lack of trust in europe . 
  i mean , whether such army would actually be used in eastern europe if necessary , and not just in mali or some other places the `` relevant '' countriest in europe decide . 
  you know the story , `` we were sold '' , that thing is still alive . 
   what , your kkk literature ? 
  go fuck yourself and you are a bad person . 
  i wish you bad luck mr. nazi . 
  this is what i was talking about , facts do n't matter to people like you , statistics are `` racists '' . 
  no arguments just hate and calling people nazis . 
  alright but by doing this , by calling people stupid , as the `` progressive '' ones did , you are encouraging people to show you the middle finger , and they did . 
  i 'm not discussing whether trump and his supporters are racists or not . 
  all i 'm saying this argument was overused , and it backfired . 
  becasuse people might finally have enough of this bs , and as a result you lose the election . 
  i guess constantly calling people racists , bigots , `` white supremacists '' is n't enough to win . 
  the baltics and scandinavians were eaten by sharks :( press f to pay respects, 
  nah , he 's just some polish guy , speaking on the phone in german language , it 's internal . 
  `` let 's stop protecting schengen boarders , i mean they will all go farther west so why should we give a damn '' . 
  sorry but i have a problem with this logic . 
  does n't mean we should accept every single one of them , as being said , there is no war there . 
  til . 
  thx for an answer , 
  january 6 , epiphany or three kings ' day , or in poland '' \u015bwi\u0119to trzech kr\u00f3li '' ? 
  i 'm just curious if there was pagan equivalent , maybe someone can enlighten me . 
  i 'm seriously just curious . 
  you know nothing . 
  lots of people do n't even know the origin of 1/2/3rd world division  , although it 's like there is only 1st and the 3rd left , i ca n't remember when was the last time i saw some mentioned the 2nd , 
  ah yes , there it is , some polish groaning . 
  we want to be the best , and we want it now !, 
  we do n't care about the shitty past , as long as the entire country is n't as rich and advance as the fucking city of london , we will perceive ourselves as the 3rd world country . 
  dark ? 
  well , we live in poland so the cheapest i guess . 
  that will be my choice today xd . 
  still 3hours of work , ehhhh, 
  we told you but no one listened ... 
  with such progress , maybe around 2100 we will catch up !, 
  my grandgrandgrand children will actually earn decently , i 'm so happy for them  ofc i 'm joking , i love living in poland, 
  we will !!!, 
  for eu moneyz ofc , 
  source ? 
  becasuse i 've never heard our government complain about it . 
  people voted for pis for various reasons . 
  voting for them , does n't necessary mean a voter has something against germany . 
  `` sphere of influence '' god how i hate this expression . 
  `` you belong to us slave , do n't even think about having your own will , you are ours '' . 
  change `` maybe not even '' to especially . 
  because orban is not on the right path , the only path !, 
  ~ ~ i mean left path ~ ~, 
  sounds like hungary and poland were used in the upcoming clinton vs trump cage fight . 
  and that 's all . 
  `` sounds familiar '' ... so cheap like he was n't even trying . 
  mad at you ? 
  not at all . 
  but first of all , this `` putin like leadership '' , `` litteraly like hitler , mao , stalin '' and all that comparisons we 've heard past last months do n't mean anything to me .
