  `` and we 're going to show the people as we build up our military , we 're going to display our military . 
   `` that military may come marching down pennsylvania avenue . 
  that military may be flying over new york city and washington , d.c. , for parades . 
  i mean , we 're going to be showing our military , '' he added . 
  trump literally fucking said it , read the article . 
   `` being a great president has to do with a lot of things , but one of them is being a great cheerleader for the country , '' trump said . 
  `` and we 're going to show the people as we build up our military , we 're going to display our military . 
   `` that military may come marching down pennsylvania avenue . 
  that military may be flying over new york city and washington , d.c. , for parades . 
  i mean , we 're going to be showing our military , '' he added . 
  you people are the absolute worst . 
  probably the one where people do n't die in the streets because their country is n't too stupid for universal healthcare, 
  if the us was intelligent they would be, 
  if you 're looking for solid , tangible impact , neither protests make sense . 
  the protests in america wo n't do anything either but it 's a way for common people to voice their displeasure and make their voices heard . 
  not even god can help us now, 
  you take the fucker then, 
  ^ send ^ ^ help, 
  um ... room for one more ? 
   a lot more than wyoming at least . 
  not in how deciding the country is run . 
   how 's quality of life better in california ? 
  is the polluted air better ? 
  is the million dollar 1 bedroom apartment better ? 
  seems to me quality of life is rather subjective . 
  some people love quiet and peaceful nature , some people love vibrant city life . 
  missouri 's air sucks shit too , and yeah , those homes are expensive because people want to live there . 
  cost of living is high where people want to live . 
  also , california has both rural and urban areas , the state is tremendous . 
   that only works when all citizens are subject to the same external factors . 
  which is in this case simplified to belonging to a state . 
  see your opinion might be that a windmill is great to reduce co2 , but when that windmill is placed on the balcony of an innocent californian who just laid down 1,5 million for his apartment it 's not exactly fair to have your opinion being counted equally in placing that windmill there . 
  those are state issues . 
  the federal government is altogether different . 
   and california has nearly 100 times as much citizens , ergo more power than wyoming . 
  but some of the least amount of power to influence the future of the country . 
   what measurable ways ? 
  you mean to say a higher salary makes for better people or something ? 
  like , quality of life . 
  missouri is cheaper , but you know , supply and demand . 
   that 's your opinion , and one based on your discontempt for fellow people who are different from you . 
  a rather toxic mindset , for yet others , it is not a terrible system . 
  no , it 's out of my respect for the opinions of all others . 
  the citizens of this country should decide its future . 
   no the opposite is not true . 
  california still has much more power , but the differences are slightly decreased . 
  no , wyoming has more power . 
  wyoming has 143k citizens per electoral vote , california has 508k per electoral vote . 
  that is an absurd system . 
   how much better exactly ? 
  in most measurable ways  formally not , a vote from germany is worth less than one from croatia , just like with your california/new york and wyoming/missouri whatever . 
  i think it was 13:1 for malta-uk , which is probably one of the most extreme examples . 
  meaning every maltese vote is worth the same as 13 british votes . 
  it 's to protect minorities a little . 
  i know why degressive proportionality is used , but that does n't stop it from being a terrible system, 
   the value of you as a person however is not determined by the electoral college . 
  the value of my say absolutely is . 
  i am underrepresented in presidential elections . 
  it takes 4 of me to equal 1 citizen of wyoming . 
   look it 's pretty simple , california has 40 million citizens , missouri has 6 million citizens . 
   both states have their own things going on , they have their own needs and desires . 
  to avoid california dictating things to missouri which might hurt , insult or anger them , missouri is given relatively a bit more say to avoid the balance of power being too disproportionate . 
  lol , so instead the opposite is true ? 
  missouri dictates to california ? 
  that makes no sense , especially when you consider how much better california is than missouri . 
  again , states have rights , and missouri can do what they want in that manner , but there is no reason anybodies vote should be worth more or less than anybody elses . 
   it 's really rather innocent if you want to remain a single state . 
  same thing is done in the eu , if every citizen had the same vote-weight , malta for example would have no seat in the european parliament , none at all . 
  that 's why a maltese voter has like 13 times the influence a british voter has ( d ) . 
  i do n't really understand the intricacies of your parliament , but do n't the bigger countries have a disproportionate say ? 
   in the 19th century , today it is extremely doubtful the us government is going to hold states hostage which have more guns than citizens . 
  why do you doubt it ? 
  because you feel its true ? 
   you 're awfully full of yourself , just to be clear you 're not worth a dime more than somebody from kansas , missouri or mississippi . 
  actually , according to the electoral college , i 'm worth less . 
  i 'm saying my state is better , and it is . 
   that was a whole different situation . 
  it 's perfectly possible for part of the us to go independent peacefuly . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the us has shown it will keep the union together by force . 
  the other states would never consent to it . 
  also , scotus ruled unilateral secession unconstitutional . 
   they would n't . 
  the population is centered in a couple of states , the other states do n't want to be dictated by some city-hippies who think a cow is made on a factory belt in china . 
  they do n't have to . 
  states are free to make their own laws . 
  in any case , the rest of us ( aka the places that make america what it is ) do n't want to be dictated by some hillbillies who have no idea how to run a successful government . 
   that does not mean war , it means self-determination . 
  they would be better off without you too no doubt . 
  um , states * have * left the union before , do you want to know what happened after that ? 
  and i live in new york dude , so no , they really , really would n't . 
  they would have the same amount of power that anybody else would have , but instead a vote in wyoming is worth 3 times more than one in cali , which is absolutely pathetic . 
   if you think you 're better of without those states you should try and push for independence of the coastal states . 
  that means war . 
  i would be better off without them , though . 
  we 'll never change it because the small states love the power it gives them , and amending the constitution is hard as fuck . 
  my state has enacted the national popular vote interstate compact into law , but it 's still yet to catch on in most states . 
  yeah , we only shoot the good ones , i do n't know what 's up with that . 
  my state voted overwhelmingly for clinton and i personally helped towards that end . 
  what else exactly do you want me to do about it ?
