  we hate the guy just as much as you do . 
  that is not my experience, 
  he does n't get that much power , he 's got 2 other branches of government to contend with , on top of the opposing party and the majority of the body politic being openly hostile . 
  i never disagreed , but the guy i responded to said `` trump is the us . '', 
  he is n't . 
  he 's even a black sheep within the party , forgetting for the moment the populace . 
  i 'm saying he does n't represent the common american or their opinions , with the exception of a few key issues . 
  most of us are looking on in the same horrified manner you are . 
   i really do feel sorry for you , but it is the way it is . 
  other than extreme vicarious embarrassment , i wo n't suffer from much personally , he 's not in a great position to hurt me all that much . 
  it 's my less fortunate countrymen and the state of the world in general that worries me . 
  i think you 've spent too much time listening to right wing whine . 
  democrats in america have always accused the conservatives of - isms , often rightfully so , and it has never effected our chances , and it did n't this time , either . 
  they voted for what they believed in . 
  of course , the point is that he ca n't be considered representative of the american people , the vast majority of whom did not cast a vote for this psychopath , hell , he could n't even get more votes than his opponent . 
  he is the result of an incredibly flawed system which america will never be able to rid itself of . 
  we 're trying to do something about it , but he 's not even in office yet , and at this rate he may not make it through his first year . 
  but the thing is , you ca n't mention american politics without understanding the massive divide that exists within the people . 
  imo , my counterparts are the greatest danger to world stability since the soviet union . 
  trust me , we are much closer to civil war than we are `` making america great again . '', 
  though obviously ( and unfortunately ) the government is going to represent us on the world stage , ca n't be helped . 
  if i could pull my state away from the union i 'd do it in a hearrbeat, 
  he 's about half the us , my half is raging the fuck out about this asshole atm, 
  no , it 's not . 
  that 's part of what makes him so shit, 
  not my side, 
  thanks for fucking the world up again, 
  i hate this fucking piece of shit so much, 
  shit , you 've figured out our plans !, 
  it is more sensual this way . 
  just look at that embrace, 
  we 've had a bunch of real fuck ups but this is truly something else, 
  i was told orange manchildren do that, 
  the inmates run this asylum now, 
  he has to at the very least demonstrably make the country better , and that 's a tall order . 
  i 'm not taking it * too * seriously at the moment . 
  even if it is true , i 'll never underestimate how far the gop will bend over backwards to excuse their own bad behavior and further their agenda . 
  his administration is going to have to be extremely effective , or he is toast . 
  this is going to be an excruciatingly long 4 years, 
  [ another texas ] ( http://cdn.countercurrentnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/racist-watch.jpg ), 
  hey , look at that . 
  thanks for the good article . 
   the phrase would have been popularized regardless of its origin ; and it 's not exactly clear that the phrase did n't already enjoy some measure of popularity prior to said ruling anyhow . 
  and yet , it 's popular origin is the scotus decision , a conclusion you strike me as hell bent to avoid acknowledging . 
   this might disturb your understanding of reality ; but the only reason you 've gotten under anyone 's skin here ( in so far as that phrase is even applicable ) is because you derailed a discussion about european law by first making it about american law then roll your eyes and move on like we do every time the inverse occurs . 
  it was an aside comment about america , hardly a rarity on this sub . 
   and then when someone points out to you that nobody in europe associates the phrase with america ; you argue about it as if it 's somehow important to you that we care and agree with you that its an american phrase . 
  look , put frankly , i do n't give a shit what you think . 
  all i have done is share my opinion on the phrase , and the facts about it 's popular origin , which you continue to deny . 
  if you do n't care , fine , no skin off my bones , but let 's not misrepresent the facts here . 
  it does n't matter what they associate it with , i have no doubt that few americans know what schenck v. us is or who oliver wendell holmes was , that 's what popularized the saying . 
  that it `` neatly and succinctly encapsulates the notion that not every form of speech should be protected '' is a direct result of the scotus ruling . 
  this really seems to have gotten under your skin , lol . 
  something tells me that when people say that , they 're not thinking of the italian hall disaster of 1913 . 
  it 's a phrase popularized by the scotus decision . 
  guess who 's showing every sign of bending over for russia ? 
  he referenced a popular saying born from a scotus decision , one that irritates me . 
  not difficult . 
   iraq , libya , afganistan , syria have all been invaded by america 2 out of 4 ai n't bad . 
  you 'll also note we installed democracies in the two nations you named on that list that we actually did invade , then left . 
  debate the merit of the oif/oef all you 'd like , it 's a far fuckin ' cry from annexing other countries . 
   their cronies you mean you guys ? 
  lmao  plus they where also behind the overthrowing of a democratically elected government in the ukraine just to get at russia . 
  ok alex jones . 
   georgia was another instance where the yanks where behind the scenes , that is like russia working with the mexicans to get at america . 
  amazing , russia annexes a country and it 's our fault . 
   then you have isis and who supplied them with arms ? 
  america . 
  eh , while i would n't be surprised since ourselves as well as the russians and others have been known to supply groups like that for proxy war purposes , as far as i know , isis captured our supplies from the retreating iraqis . 
  you neglect to mention how we 've bombed the everloving fuck out of them . 
  funny though , how you also do n't mention the ubiquitousness of russian weapons in the hands of scumbags the world over . 
   then you have america working with the arabs to cut oil prices to stop the growth of russia job well done , imo  america also supplies the israelis 3.5 billion dollars worth of weaponry to keep the palestinians hemmed into the gaza strip and when it suits them , the list just goes on and on . 
  we support israel because they are surrounded by a sea of lunatics that want to destroy them wholesale , and because having a strong , staunch ally in the middle east is a fantastic asset . 
  geopolitics is n't about playing nice nice . 
  your buddies in russia help out the israelis too , btw . 
   there is no way you can class russia as as bad as america . 
  facts speak for themselves . 
  true , they 're worse, 
   very questionable loyalty of steve bannon ( word is , he 's a traitor ) ha , just him ? 
  the whole administration is a fucking nightmare, 
   maybe that was just a bad excuse to go along gov policy right in one . 
   however in the current case it 's pretty litteral i think yeah , it 's a tightrope . 
  breitbart and their ilk are definitley a danger to global stability , but you 've got to be wary of governments going after media outlets , reprehensible as they may be . 
  i do n't really know the answer to this : /, 
  you were misleading . 
  nato , like everything else in america today , is a pretty contentious issue . 
   most americans regardless of party dont want all of this in europe to begin with dangerously close to telling a lie here . 
  [ pew puts the number of americans who approve of nato at 49 % ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2015/06/russia-ukraine-report-32.png ) at its most recent , and [ 56 % of americans approve of use of force to repel a russian invasion of a nato member nation . 
  ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2016/03/ft_16.03.28_nato_force.png ), 
  that ruling always rubbed me the wrong way . 
  the scotus equated resisting being drafted into ww1 to shouting fire in a movie theater . 
  can confirm , there is absolutely no way of getting through to these people and even trying is a complete waste of time . 
  man , are we ever gon na repaint that shit ? 
  ha , i wish that were true . 
  he stands up to war mongers by invading other nations ? 
  that 's curious . 
  because the right wing psychopaths literally think germany is a muslim infested dystopia on the verge of collapse, 
  you know , i 've always held our president to a standard higher than `` reddit shitposter '' but that 's clearly a mistake . 
  but muh freeze peach, 
  he 's right though , the civil war was fought to preserve the union .
