if that article did n't provoke outrage , you 're either dull to it at this point or your shit 's all fucked up . 
  this was just a long winded explanation of what people have been screaming about for a year now . 
  gb2 stormfront, 
  i did n't expect to see someone jacking off a moose when i woke up this morning , but life is full of possibility , i suppose . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see a travel ban soon . 
  bombing and raiding other countries qualifies as playing world police , right ? 
  or is it okay when trump does it ? 
  better question , what does nato have to do with `` american expansion ? '', 
  why do n't you ask chief petty officer william owens how good a job trump is doing of `` taking our ball and going home . '', 
  i guess maybe it 's possible he 's rich and wanted to make more money , lmao . 
  it 's the only other explanation . 
  you voted for him because you are ignorant . 
  neither of them are any good , but ksa is willing to kiss ass . 
  lol , you think you 're embarrassed ? 
  you merely adopted the embarrassment . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
   this may be a really bad number compared to other presidents but its still 44 % and therefore classifies as `` a lot '' which my post was about . 
  but not ( the majority )  please provide some examples i am kinda interested in that part but dont care enough to do real research on it . 
  having hillary prosecuted and mexico paying for the wall for starters . 
  not really , no . 
  exploiting a flawed archaic system that ignores the choices of the voters . 
  more americans wanted hillary to be president than trump . 
  also , his approval rating is sub 50 % after only two weeks , at a period when other presidents get post-inauguration bumps . 
   or did he do anything contrary to his campaign promises yet ? 
  yes , and considering his campaign promises were horrific , i 'd like to see him break more . 
   so yeah he does in fact speak for a lot ( the majority ) lol no, 
  i ca n't believe it , considering the accuracy of * their * news sources . 
  only feel bad for clinton supporters , the others voted trump , wasted a vote on a third party , or did n't vote at all , which means they 're responsible . 
  you should only feel sorry for about 1/4th of us , tbh, 
  i 'm just here for the castles, 
  ahhh we never listened to that one . 
  the guy that wrote it owned fuckin ' slaves !, 
  looks good on paper though , does n't it ? 
  we also asked mr. gorbachev to tear down a wall , looks like trump 's choking on a lot of our old words, 
  send help, 
  what 's sad is what is happening to our country because of your stupidity, 
  i get my jollies making fun of tards like you, 
  lmao , nice backpedal . 
  go take a nap . 
  [ another trump supporter that knows fuck all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6r0nvvr164 ) about history , [ not a surprise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8vom8et1wu&amp;t=1s ), 
  lol , you just consistently harm the country , nbd, 
  sad !, 
  we need more of him and less of you, 
   trump can read disagree, 
  true , but we take it to the extreme . 
  true , though we too had a hot and cold relationship up until the 20th century, 
  and we have had a pretty hot and cold relationship since . 
  nearly went to war with them not too long after we gained independence , just as an example, 
  if trump was a dinosaur , i 'd call turok, 
  here i am , feeling bad for a cartoon dinosaur, 
  americans do n't like paying for shit they do n't see obvious personal benefit from . 
  that 's why we fucking hate taxes and still do n't have universal healthcare . 
  our motto is `` fuck you , i 've got mine . '', 
  i am shocked that he even knows that word, 
  sorry scotland , it 's ours now . 
  we love our british poodle , do n't we folks ? 
  \\  having faith in the republicans to do the right thing, 
  fooled me, 
  it was very funny , but not the way you wanted it to be, 
  i mean we do n't vote as a bloc , but that 's about it . 
  i 'm still chuckling at `` they hate themselves and america '', 
  lol, 
  lots of us , but the right wing is rising all over the west . 
  guy verhofstadt was on morning joe the other day talking about how the european right inspired the american right . 
  do n't underestimate yourselves . 
  we only shoot good presidents , sorry, 
  pooty poot , of course . 
  [ surprise !, 
  it 's really the words of a 70 year old who 's now the second most powerful man on the planet !, 
  you can tell it 's real by how dumb it is . 
  i assume most of you on here are n't native english speakers , but i have literally not spoken to a single one of you with a worse command of the english language than donald trump . 
  that 's what we said . 
  vote !, 
   trump : i 've evolved on many issues over the years . 
  and you know who else has ? 
  is ronald reagan evolved on many issues . 
  and i am pro-life . 
  and if you look at the question , i was in business . 
  they asked me a question as to pro-life or choice . 
  and i said if you let [ that quoted excerpt ] run , that i hate the concept of abortion . 
  i hate the concept of abortion . 
  and then since then , i 've very much evolved . 
  and what happened is friends of mine years ago were going to have a child , and it was going to be aborted . 
  and it was n't aborted . 
  and that child today is a total superstar , a great , great child . 
  and i saw that . 
  and i saw other instances . 
  and i am very , very proud to say that i am pro-life . 
  best of luck , i 'm rooting for you, 
  [ better photo ] ( http://gwauncaegurwenband.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/memorial.jpg ), 
  who cares ? 
  it is either you , russia , india or china , since we are not up to the task . 
  put it like that and you 'll get a lot of takers . 
  whatever you say cultist, 
  the issue is that he wanted military parades at all, 
  you think the problem is the inauguration ? 
  nice goalpost moving, 
  please, 
  read the article . 
   `` being a great president has to do with a lot of things , but one of them is being a great cheerleader for the country , '' trump said .
