  yup . 
  and it was proposed by lega nord ( lol ) . 
  same here . 
  exactly . 
  sometimes i bitch a lot about the eu but i 'll take the guys in brussels anytime over what it was like before . 
  it only takes a few pictures to remind us of the horrors of that . 
  reading history textbooks and talking about war crimes is different . 
  putting faces and names on those poor guys fighting a `` regular '' war makes you realise that it 's absolute hell , no matter how cleanly and orderly one can try to lead a war . 
  even the cold war was awful . 
  but the bucket was free at lidl !, 
  this is how you get a honorary italian citizenship from the mafia . 
  i 've never seen it either and i 'm curious as well , but not enough to try to do it myself , lol . 
  fun fact : that law was changed in 2006 to include `` other religions '' . 
  prior to that it only referred to catholicism , because we 're the vatican 's backyard , * mica seghe * . 
  edit : oh , before 2006 you could serve time in jail ( 1 to 3 years ) . 
  and catholicism was technically considered the state religion . 
  problem solved . 
  la la la , la la la. . . ( let me live the dream ! ), 
  he could only say `` obbedisco '' . 
  such a * kadavergehorsam * . ^ / s, 
  we managed not to kill each others for 70 full years and counting !, 
  and people still get tattoos with chinese characters . 
  armenian and georgian look better . 
  here in italy you can get a fine from 1000 to 5000 $ for saying blasphemies in an open or public place , thanks to mussolini . 
  problem is , blasphemies are used as common swear words , especially in my region . 
  thankfully it 's not enforced . 
   maschinenl\u00e4rmschutzverordnung this is like sight reading * flight of the bumblebee * . 
  [ yeees !, 
  estonia can not into nordic , but can definitely into flags . 
  love your flag . 
  aww , dude . 
  i 'm sorry you guys have to go through this . 
  sometimes i feel guilty that history gave us some sort of a free pass for fascism , although we have our fair share of war crimes as well . 
  ignorance is a bitch and insults are not always that serious . 
  sometimes people only know a thing or two about a country and use that to shut up others while they 're having an argument , especially online . 
  it just so happens that hitler is the most famous/known figure of the 20th century , so they 'll use that even if they do n't understand the weight their comments can have on other people . 
  do n't take those insults seriously and fight back ( or laugh !, 
  ) , do n't remain silent !, 
  you 're not responsible and it 's absurd to hold you accountable for that . 
  if anything , i hold the grudge against the ( italian ) judges and politicians who did n't prosecute and covered up the actual criminals . 
  some time ago i watched [ this video of himmler 's granddaughter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mywnmdv2aqi ) and it struck me how much she hates herself . 
  my brain , my brain !, 
  omg it 's lovely !, 
  you could film a period movie in it . 
  how did you manage to do it ? 
  it seems impossible to find the strength ( and resources ) to rebuild something like that so well , after years of destruction . 
  i do n't know . 
  in the uk people got arrested for making offensive jokes online . 
  ouch . 
  yup . 
  these `` before and after '' pictures speak for themselves . 
  were these laws banning gay sex for men only or for women as well ? 
  i 've got the impression that lesbian sex was n't even officially recognised as sex , at times , throughout history ( and to an extent this belief still persists today ) because no penis = no sex , duh !, 
  if i remember correctly only two women ended up in concentration camps for being lesbians during wwii , and they did n't get the pink triangle either . 
  romania can into internet better than anybody else in europe . 
  ahah , i remember reading somewhere that in ancient rome a woman managed to convince the court that she had been pregnant for 11 months even though her husband had died 10 months earlier . 
  oh , i did n't even know the proper name of these `` things '' . 
  very fitting name indeed . 
  thanks for the info . 
  they look lovely , especially with all those air balloons , 
  no way :o, 
  same sex civil unions laws will take effect on the 5th of june :d, 
  it looks like a fairytale :d, 
  [ always relevant . 
  ] ( http://www.lolroflmao.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/hitler-promised-not-to-invade.jpg ), 
  we should always speak like this . 
  can confirm . 
  we can not into empire . 
  we ran out of resources in 476 and all that we had left was jesus : /, 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  i 've indeed noticed that many english words remain in english in most languages , whereas they get translated in french . 
  stuff like `` computer '' , `` mouse '' , `` download '' , `` desktop '' and so on . 
  everything is dubbed on italian tv as well ( which is another reason why we 're not very good at english either ) but we do n't protect our language very much . 
  what you 're saying is true , but they usually ~ ~ speak ~ ~ write a lot , they do n't limit themselves to short replies . 
  italians , myself included , are usually more concise . 
  at least , that 's what i 've noticed on / r/polandball and / r/europe . 
  wow :o it 's a great idea . 
  wait : is that grass on the ceiling ? 
  the english language conquered a big chunk of the world with popular culture . 
  it has built an empire of its own with music , movies , entertainment and so on . 
  it 's only natural that people get used to the language and start to speak it . 
  then comes the it/tech/computer science field . 
  english is everywhere . 
  whenever i install a software i set it to english since it 's much more pratical to follow tutorials or search for ways to fix errors . 
  if an error window pops up on photoshop and i google what it 's about in italian , i get fewer results than when i google the same thing in english . 
  can confirm that it 's impossibile for foreigners to hate the irish . 
  hell , yesterday i was watching the match italy vs ireland and even i was like `` yay !, 
  we lost against the irish !, 
  i 've often wondered about the `` french not speaking good english '' issue and i have yet to find an answer . 
  perhaps because you 're still somehow used to french being the lingua franca , or for a sense of pride against your historical enemy , lol . 
  i do n't know , i 'm speculating . 
  on the other hand , french people on reddit seem to be very good at english and very productive in terms of discussions and content . 
  yup !, 
  such an outside-the-box idea . 
  credit ( and a bit of backstory ) is due :  in 2002 , dutch architect rem koolhaas and his architecture firm office for metropolitan architecture ( oma ) designed a new flag in response to commission president romano prodi 's request to find ways of rebranding the union in a way that represents europe 's `` diversity and unity '' . 
  the proposed new design was dubbed the `` barcode '' , as it displays the colors of every european flag ( of the then 15 members ) as vertical stripes . 
  as well as the barcode comparison , it had been compared unfavourably to wallpaper , a tv test card , and deckchair fabric . 
  unlike the current flag , it would change to reflect the member states . 
  [ 23 ]  it was never officially adopted by the eu or any organisation ; however , it was used as the logo of the austrian eu presidency in 2006 . 
  it had been updated with the colours of the 10 members who had joined since the proposal , and was designed by koolhaas 's firm .
