i thought those stopped working in 1919 . 
  we already have a diplomatic insult casus belli from the whole erdogan calling us nazis thing . 
  they are valid for one year . 
  some started earlier to beat the competition . 
  i 've seen a commercial for it about half a year ago already . 
  the $ 5 note with cyrillic on it was introduced in 2013 . 
  they have n't . 
  why would cyrillic be on the notes when bulgaria only joined the eu in 2007 ? 
   gay people are also often targeted by folks just yesterday it happened again . 
  suck it finland . 
  is there any un observation of the referendum ? 
  if not , it would n't surprise me if erdoboi wins with 99 % of the votes . 
  you would n't ? 
  i started googling because i never heard of the problem . 
  apparently some people still smelt the curry after the landlord cleaned the carpets and repainted the walls . 
  i 'd expect going through an effort like that when someone died and started decomposing not from making food . 
  i think couples whose kids have long since moved out and who ca n't produce any more . 
  let 's encourage more people to not pay attention in traffic any more and wonder why more accidents happen . 
  namibia wants reparations for something that happened a little over a century ago . 
  the swiss ca n't get away that easily . 
   cores can also be removed on provinces that a nation does n't own by going to the province view and removing the core manually . 
  however , this action also costs some prestige . 
  would i skew the results if i participated ? 
   what do you need to know about the end of the round pound ? 
  that 's why you got the preview ballot in the mail a few weeks ago . 
  you could look them up at your own leisure and just remember two numbers to look up when voting . 
  how is a minister illegally entering another country against that country 's wishes while armed not an act of war ? 
  [ i immediately heard the music in my head . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t29fga5m7va ), 
  people from holland do . 
  it 's another map where the old german border is still visible in poland . 
  some might consider flights to a non-contiguous area as not domestic . 
  she stole stuff ... 
  like most exonyms are . 
  putting top notch articles in a sea of horribleness does not invite people to read them . 
   yeah we 've still got l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 as a law for example . 
  they 're never applied they have been applied . 
  very recently still . 
  if the law ` just has n't been removed ' it means that removing it was n't yet necessary because nobody wants or expects it to be enforced . 
  it 's being enforced right now so this is a shitty excuse . 
  get your shit together , denmark . 
  the feeling is gone, 
  that 's why americans talk about the defense of a fence . 
  the ` straightening out ' of the language occurred haphazardly . 
  they want to stay in the eu so they sing the eu anthem ... 
  i do n't think fipronil would only be distributed on the membrane on the outside of the egg . 
  winterfell in moscow with a wall to the east ? 
  that means that the white walkers are the invading mongols but the dothraki are very obviously the mongols , or another steppe horse people . 
  it would make more sense for the wall to be built around the finns . 
  why have there been so much westward invasion over the eurasian steppe or that general area ? 
  off the top of my head the huns , hungarians , turks and mongols ? 
   `` let 's use unnecessary violence ''  usa flair who would 've thunk ? 
  it 's an office for a bank , why would anyone take their place ? 
  it 's not like a producer of essential goods . 
  what 's bannerlord ? 
  are you talking about mount & blade ii : butterlord ? 
  still technically correct . 
   [ the pan-slavic colors -- red , blue and white -- were defined by the prague slavic congress , 1848 , based on the flag of russia , which was introduced in the late 17th century . 
  the tricolour flag of russia was itself inspired by the flag of the netherlands . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan-slavic_colors ) wikipedia supports you . 
  a palace is a very big house . 
  a castle is a fortress-house combo . 
   17 % of the germans 17 % of german muslims probably . 
  in any case in france if there 's a 1 in 3 chance that the person you 're talking to has no problems with someone murdering for no good reason that 's a problem . 
  that 's not a small irrelevant minority . 
  would it still not be a problem if it 's 49 % ? 
   finland was n't really soviet friendly . 
  pretty logical if they just gained their independence . 
  no film noir detectives allowed . 
  maybe if you went into / r/socialism or that type of / r/im14andthisispolitical subreddit but not here . 
  why did you crosspost these ill thought out and sometimes offensive flags to / r/europe and not / r/vexillologycirclejerk ? 
  do n't try to karmafarm here with your bad oc . 
   what 's wrong with turkey ? 
  about five terrorist attacks on places tourists often come in about a year . 
  couple that with a democratically elected head of government that called me a nazi . 
  who 'd hang their bare bottom out of the window and squeeze out a brown one ? 
  my whataboutism readings are off the charts !, 
   and of course it 's free of taxes . 
  that 's called fraud . 
  to americans it seems to be saying `` i 'm stacy and i will be your server this evening '' and bugging you all the time to ask if you want something . 
  to me it would be coming over when i want to grab their attention and otherwise being invisible . 
  i go out to dinner for the company i 'm with , not the employees . 
  vatican city # 5 !!!, 
  do they even have their own brewery ? 
  he 's saying that the only way to achieve the result is a war . 
  he 's not saying that going to war is a good idea . 
  salzburg was n't austrian when he was alive . 
  it 's interesting that you can still see the old borders based on the mountains in the election results . 
  there 's a similar divide in poland with the former russian or german areas . 
  is the green party a hungarian one ? 
  in the first round when they win it 's in the hungarian majority/significant-minority areas . 
  * download a wheat field *, 
  * bek * just means mouth but used for animals . 
  * snavel * means beak . 
  a platypus is such a weird animal that the first thing that comes to mind to describe it is accurate enough . 
   hey jan-pieter guess what i 've found . 
  it 's some sort of bird mouth animal . 
   perry het vogelbekdier i 'm guessing there will be more languages where platypus does n't start with a p. 
  pepsi the platypus, 
   also comparing national and world languages with ultra-minority local dialects spoken by 5 old people in medieval hamlets ?
