they are possible to enforce to some balkan colony states and most of the african countries . 
  why ? 
  ukrainians shoot them over ukraine , russia has nothing to do with it . 
  will us/uk/france be responsible for backing talibans , al-qaida , rebellions all over the world ? 
  bog dominates , bog is the best !, 
  europe is going to hell soon , by the end of the year there will be massive amounts of terrorist attacks there . 
  we are shipping 10k potential terrorists daily to the europe xd !, 
  have fun !, 
  safe europe ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  people that did it and country that sent the hitman need to be sent to libya and prosecuted . 
  one less country that borders iran ( and russia as extra bonus ) to go . 
  yynif it were american company in romania it would be lobbying , lets not fool ourselves romanian politicians are on washingtons paylist . 
  yes , i realised that 's what romanian guy assumed , but that 's false . 
  hungarians hate americans and their stupid staged propaganda bullshit . 
  these hungarian soldiers are just building checkpoint at the border crossing which also happen to have flag post . 
  i was there while they were building it !, 
  they were just being nice to you . 
  did n't want to offend you . 
  corrupt politicians , that 's who . 
  no one asked people if they want in , if they said no politicians would fake votes anyway . 
  normal people have zero benefits from eu , only politicians that get actual salary to enforce will of the bruxelles . 
  i doubt they are doing it because they are bored , they are actually putting up flag post there . 
  hungarians hate americans and their stupid propaganda . 
  they are n't putting up eu flag ... eu is prison for nations . 
  in communist germany they tell you what to do with your private property . 
  is it private still or did it got nationalized to be able to store economic migrants ? 
  no us disbanded real iraq army completely and trained what theyve trained , incompetent idiots . 
  yep , that 's the plan . 
  it will have to , but if there were any justice in this world us would have to take them all , after all us wanted to bring ` democrazy ' to these people and their countries . 
  they would have all democrazy and freedumb they want in usa . 
  they pronounce word jacuzzi like a thing , and not like an italian surname . 
  probably because us bombed their country to hell not too long ago . 
  dismantled whole army and removed their leader . 
  some chair warrior in washington must have thought it would be a great idea to have country without army in middle east . 
  same goes for afghanis and libyans , not sure you had refugees from those 2 countries yet though , libyans liek to coem to italy 1st . 
  lol what a retarded logic . 
  equating giving weapons to terrorist and legitimate government to fight those terrorists . 
  us ca n't live without wars , they must make up their enemies so they decided that their next goal is to overthrow assad . 
  i do n't see anything in us papers about libya anymore , what 's going on there now without gaddafi ? 
  west aka usa is capable to understand very well . 
  none of these wars actually started because us wanted to bring democrazy to the people of these now destroyed countries , but only and only because it was in their geopolitical interests . 
  democrazy was just a bad excuse . 
  i wrote 5 years ago . 
  arab spring will be europe 's fall . 
  how is he trolling , he is absolutely right . 
  democrazy is bad american joke that they use to expand their geopolitical power . 
  just look at all the wars usa started in the name of democrazy in last 15 years . 
  i am very well aware that poland borders ukraine , but refugees are on far east side of the country , not on the west . 
  edit : i guess idiotic article created a confusion with not calling things what they are . 
  fixed title : poland challenged to integrate `` invisible '' ukrainian economic migrants, 
  lol is this some sort of sarcasm ? 
  `` invisible '' refugees ? 
  ukrainian refugees are in the east and 600k of them migrated to russia . 
  who will poles integrate , ` refugees ' from kiev ? 
  theres also libya , iraq , afghanistan and whatever is the next country that us will try to bring democrazy to . 
  what a joke of a poll , langley style joke or completely made up by the tabloid linked in post . 
  ban all us funded ngo 's and problem will be solved . 
  [ 222 years at war , and most of them you exported to other continents . 
  us is the problem !, 
  hussein barack 's invitation of serbian pm vucic to talks payed off it seems . 
  since when is that the case ? 
  that kind of behaviour only us practice with their inter-continental wars for last 250 years . 
  he was a jew with sinister agenda . 
  well that was quick , less than a week of influx and they are full . 
  well you can expect few more years of such influx ... 
  nope , just for a few decades . 
  lol rferl ... where did they get this data from , cia again ? 
  good . 
  democrazy is a bad american joke anyway . 
  if social changes undesirable by uncle sam start happening he will ` intervene ' do n't you worry , that 's like saying as uncle sam does n't give two shits about syria . 
  so i hope you 're lucky enough and that uncle same wont see your attempt to get independence as a threat to his geopolitical interests . 
  1.4 m people thinks that democracy works ? 
  number of people that gathered does n't matter , you got ta ask uncle sam for permission 1st . 
  with his approval 10k people on a rally would suffice . 
  what 's freedom ? 
  we have less freedom and power in euro\u0161ugoslavian parlament than we 've had in \u0160ugoslavian . 
  nope . 
  it 's enough for migrants to get 20-25 km off libyan shore and send sos to be picked up by italian rescuers and brought to italy . 
  i am pretty sure polish gov. 
  is acting in us/nato best interest . 
  lol we can expect huge riots from the ` refugees ' once that happens , they wont just simply stop coming . 
  nah , cba reading cia bullshit . 
  rferl is known cia front.therefore i wont bother by reading the article , but let me guess belarus is about to get their dose of democrazy ? 
  germany is once again a great danger to europe . 
  from one extreme to another in period of 70 years ... 
  i though us brought freedom to their countries , was n't all these wars about bringing freedumb to these people after all ? 
  why are they going to europe for freedom ? 
  what did you check last time ? 
  we have piles of nukes knocking around actually , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing sharing is just a word there , us dont actually share anything , it has those nuke stockpiles all over their bases in europe , ready to blow them up if needed for protection as us have bases in europe to protect those countries they are in . 
  fsa are isis fighters . 
  they are isis ( islamic state of iraq and syria ) army . 
  yeah , and isis is us creation made to destabilize syria , even though they were called rebels for past 3 years and just this year west started calling them what they actually are . 
  sure they pay them , also lizard people are controlling them . 
  try / r/conspiracy . 
  video quality is conventionally lowest possible . 
  us led coalition does n't give a shit about that , they just need someone weak in power that will need us protection against isil/disbanded saa and that would also accept us plans for saudi pipeline that 's supposed to go through syria . 
  so plan is as usual , 10 bombs on saa and 1 bomb on isis , the one that will also be a miss . 
  it was hillarious watching news last few weeks , every time there was news about us & turkey bombing isis there would be news few days afterwards about isis taking over more and more territory ... 
  yes they are actually http://www.almasdarnews.com/article/3000-fsa-fighters-defect-isis-qalamoun-mountains/,
