united federation of europe, 
  yeah , usa in a progressive upswing is basically the same as just not getting more conservative . 
  wait till the pendulum swings back to the conservative side . 
  that might be an issue for racist dicks ;-) . 
  my personal take is that it 's more about lifestyle . 
  if you are romanian and have a job and a flat and a family , you are just ronanian . 
  if you are brown skinned and try to hustle people on the street and live in some sort of slum , you are roma . 
  also not sure roma even speak ronanian . 
  again , i 'm not an expert on this by any means . 
  i 'm an outsider to the culture that cares about such distinctions . 
  the first thing i think of from my visits to bucarest are : packs of wild dogs cheuceseau ( i know it 's spelled wrong , sorry ) good night life . 
  as for the people , they seem friendly enough . 
  maybe a bit poorer than some parts of the east , but good people from what i can tell . 
  a bit of the mediterranean spirit remains it seems . 
  i 'm an expat in prague so make my opinions generally through personal experience rather than cultural belief . 
  roma are view very negatively here but i do n't think many people consider all romanians affiliated with roma . 
  though i 've met no one who can define what makes roma roma . 
  have they gotten rid of the packs of wild dogs in bucharest ? 
  i expected them to be represented . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  i would agree if that had been stated more clearly . 
  although i think education is a pretty meaningful component of equality . 
  from what i 've seen in business they are pretty equally represented in business as well . 
  i 'm not sure if that translates to pay - that would be an interesting thing to see . 
  if that 's what he meant , he should hire you to make his posts , although i think education is a pretty meaningful component of equality . 
  from what i 've seen in business they are pretty equally represented in business as well . 
  i 'm not sure if that translates to pay - that would be an interesting thing to see . 
  sounded to me like you were taking issue with the fact that there was a high level of female education in turkey . 
  no , he meant augusta antonina . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  i 'm an american who lives in prague . 
  i spent 3 years managing turkey as a region , and i can tell you that i worked with more female engineers in that country in those 3 years than i worked with in the other 20 years of my career . 
  as a matter of fact i saw more women at all levels of business than in any other country i 've worked in ( numbering more than 50 in total ) . 
  i do n't at all doubt this statistic . 
  turkish women are among the most educated and involved in the economy that i 've seen anywhere . 
  yeah , they are the next biggest changes after scandanavia, 
  i was guessing it would look pretty similar to the normal map , and with the exception of scandinavia , it does . 
  i just wish i still owned bars . 
  i live in prague , and the british problem here is constant . 
  the danish thing is just a blip on the radar . 
  although there 's an unusually large amount here right now , i 'm not sure why . 
  i 've never seen this many here before . 
  love mitchell and webb , sherlock is good too . 
  can give or take the rest . 
  totally logical next step . 
  in 5 years all the bands will have minimum of downs syndrome . 
  man it just seems like the whole eu is getting ready to fall apart . 
  what a bummer . 
  i agree , but would more accurately phrase this as `` a currency union without a corresponding fiscal union is the problem '' . 
  you 've got the right ideas , but unfortunately until those are implemented , it 's a big risk to be part of this monetary union . 
  you do n't know if you are simply going to be left out in the cold by the other eu members to suffer for decades or not . 
  true , but it 's still a hell of a lot less painful than what they 're forced to do now . 
  i work extensively in turkey and greece and can compare turkey 's hyperinflation to greek 's externally imposed austerity , and can tell you the turkish inflation was far preferable . 
  it was over in a few years . 
  the greeks will be suffering for a decade . 
  if you are in control of your own purse strings , you can find the best course of action . 
  if someone else is , it 's up to them to decide your fate . 
  they wo n't be nearly as considerate of your needs . 
  you will if the government ever borrows too much money and has no ability to inflate their way out of it while under the euro . 
  just ask greece . 
  yeah no question it 's been good for germany . . 
  i 'd be interested to hear the greek side of this same story . 
  i , for one , hope the czechs never adopt it . 
  i travel a lot for work and it would be really nice to change money less , but the hassle is outweighed in my mind of the worry about what would happen if the government decides to borrow too much money as governments tend to do . 
  pelmeni are basically salty chinese won-tons . 
  i rest my case . 
  also known as the greatest hangover food on the face of the earth . 
  both great towns in different ways . 
  i think you will enjoy them both . 
  but i always have more fun in greece ;-) . 
  yeah i heard . 
  only for metro , not for cars though , right ? 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's terrible , i just would n't say it 's better than athens . 
  you were in the nice areas mostly for tourists and socializing . 
  the places where people work and live are considerably less nice . 
  sisli , umraniye , or uskudar would give you a better idea of what life is like for the other half ;-) . 
  i 've spent the last 15 years traveling cee/me/africa , so honestly i feel less comfortable when things start to get too clean . 
  athens and istanbul are somewhere in the middle of my dirty scale . 
  both are probably cleaner than bucharest , but that 's based off a 10-15 year old impression so maybe i 'm working off old information . 
  prague is starting to get too clean , especially the tourist area ;-) . 
  i did n't go to budapest for a decade and then i came back and it was a totally different city , gleaming and clean . 
  i had mixed feelings about seeing it again . 
  i kind of missed the dirt . 
  yeah , i 'd say if i were to choose a cleanliness king between istanbul and athens it would be a tossup . 
  athens has come a long way since they improved the roads for the olympics . 
  it used to be really smoggy but now i think istanbul is worse . 
  but i guess if you never leave sultanahmet you might get the impression that it was clean and well preserved . 
  there 's some truth to that , although their rush hour runs a little later than usual . 
  worst is around 6-7pm . 
  from umraniye i 'd usually allow 4 hours , sometimes i 'd give it 3 but that 's cutting it close . 
  also a really nice option can be to take a ferry . 
  saves time and is way nicer . 
  especially when coming from asian to european side in the evening as the ferry terminals are easy to access on the asian side . 
  they can be harder to get to on european side depending on where you are , but not too bad to get away from in the evening . 
  now try that twice a day for 6 years . 
  i was spending every other week there and doing 3 meetings a day about 50/50 on each side . 
  i spent about 3-4 hours a day in traffic . 
  it was hell . 
  but to be fair , 5 hours is quite cautious , you must have been pretty deep into the asian side . 
  might be worth seeing if you can fly into sabiha next time . .
