  til : the flooding of half the country and millions of pounds worth of damage , the ruining of livelihoods , homes and christmas is less newsworthy than a slightly warmer two months . 
  do n't we already have a defence structure in place ? 
  on the one hand , i 'd be really interested to see how recruitment would be organised . 
  would there be quotas for each nation or something ? 
  shits wetter than usual . 
  literally everywhere barring the posh bit of england is underwater leading me to believe this is the tories final solution for poor people . 
  i would say send some over here but they 'll likely bugger off before they complete a contract due to the work conditions . 
  they must be doing well , i ave n't seen anything about libya in a few years so we must have a done a good job of the place . 
  who knew david bowie had such an influence on poznan . 
  strongly-pro . 
  if only we actually owned our powerplants . 
  the marbles are in his wife , probably . 
  it 's kind of like people who ` make it ' financially and then a generation or two down the line all their hard work is blown away because their descendants do n't appreciate how good they have it . 
  whilst planning our northern european road trip , my mate said we should visit every highest point on the way . 
  i told him we 'd already beaten denmark 's by going to our local castle . 
   puts sheffield above york * tut *, 
  take ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ anything you want , just do n't hurt us . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ seriously ^ ^ ^ ^ take ^ ^ ^ ^ belgium, 
  finland . 
  to jork !, 
  austria 's federal chamber is sexual . 
  france 's is kinda cool too . 
  well this has bought me . 
  rams , to me , looks like a mixture between black sheep ( probably because they both have sheep in it ) and rare exports . 
  i 'm definitely going to give that one a watch . 
  i love it . 
  more dammit , more !, 
  a red white and blue rainbow . 
  first he steals your tracksuits then he insults your women . 
  mad diss . 
  well they 're above italy at least . 
  has that dude on the left got shields for legs ? 
  that 's at least +4 defence right ? 
  it 's satire from our friendly , neighbourhood yankees . 
  in the designated squatting street ? 
  so we must unite and airstrike them together ? 
  stay strong , frogs . 
  thought it would be us tbh . 
  i think most places will parade him about but it 's basically just the burning people go for . 
  guy fawkes night , or bonfire night , is to remember the foiling of a dastardly catholic plot to kill the king and reinstate a catholic friendly government . 
  it 's tradition to burn a guy ( effigy of the aforementioned mr fawkes ) and let off a cracking display of fireworks to imitate what would have happened had he succeeded . 
  lewes just takes it a step further . 
  edit : forgot about the bonfires - usually the local council , or people who have generously sized gardens , will throw all their spare wood into a pile and set light to it with the guy on top . 
  it 's a real hedgehog killer . 
  sealand . 
  i think i was told about the spanish doing this but i 've never seen it before . 
  looks really nice , especially in the video / u/vertitto linked . 
  what 's this then ? 
  usually i 'm against things like this but good god that 's an awesome statue to have . 
  you have been banned from / r/unitedpyongdom . 
  i 'd 've been all for a federal eu a couple of months ago , but i 'm getting a nagging feeling that it would balkanise within a few years . 
  spoilt seeds can only come from spoilt soil . 
  know how you feel , portubro . 
  how many of these jobs are reliable/sustainable though ? 
  you have clearly never seen the muppets . 
  the spanish are even , they got 34, 
  she got a shit storm for this earlier in the year and did n't lose her job . 
  she 's basically done same thing again , but worse , and has gotten away with it a second time . 
  fuck me sideways . 
  i remember we used to elect people we did n't like so they had more work to do and could n't hang around us during our breaks . 
  he 's a bit of a turd . 
  it 's all the same / s in all seriousness , i do n't think i 'd be able to tell them apart but i find them fascinating because they 're so different to western european languages . 
  i love listening to native speakers , especially when they talk quickly , it 's oddly entertaining . 
  at my place of work we often take in samples of deceased people 's blood , urine etc. 
  to be tested for any illegal substances and things like that . 
  the second most ` popular ' type of death we get in , after drug overdoses , is elderly people committing suicide . 
  obviously it 's not a reliable sample group , nor do i claim it to be , but i 'm not exactly from a wealthy area and it does n't fill me with confidence for when my mind and body are spent . 
  let me go when i want to go , do n't force me to blow my brains out , fill myself with pills or god forbid waste away in a retirement home . 
  nothing worse than a little chubby checker . 
  it 's eventually just going to be giant dome . 
  as i said . 
  i 'm not exactly up-to-date on it all . 
  i think that halted with the outbreak of the civil war , although someone more well read on the matter will be able to tell you for certain , the difference here is that the russians are effectively beginning to subsidise the syrians on a more active level so that they 're not just deteriorating after a real bad year . 
  the russians are supplying assad with vehicles , weapons and air support as well as a limited boots on the ground presence . 
  the west is merely sending airstrikes ( although i have heard rumours of the sas operating but that may be in iraq ) . 
  now i hate our high rises even more , the french made some beautiful buildings there . 
  poor souls . 
  a lot less fun though . 
  * triggered *, 
  talk about freedom . 
  balkans , report !, 
   america  moral leader what ? 
  now that 's sovereignty . 
  because sunday is my lazy day and i hate doing anything on that day . 
   who better for a rebound than another ex you mean our first son ? 
  man i hate shopping on sundays . 
   100,000 okay mate . 
  the british museum had a special exhibit on sicily this year , absolute fascinating how much went on down there . 
  pretty sure it 's also illegal to join and fight for terrorist organisations . 
  it 's the last resort of people who ca n't justify their opinions . 
  losing an argument ? 
  just call them a nazi , you automatically win and your ego remains in tact . 
  thanks . 
  who 's the statue in picture three ? 
  who 's roy and what uni does he go to ? 
  good for you , you 're welcome to that opinion . 
  would salty be the correct answer ? 
  well she does pull it off pretty well . 
  i bet it becomes a media sensation too . 
  ferrets are a sexual delicacy up north .
