  very beautiful . 
  i believe it 's some kind of fat chicken . 
  i remember having videos of the cartoon that was made in the early nineties . 
  samuel whiskers , jeremy fisher , mrs tiggy winkle , squirrel nutkin ... man , i 'm getting nostalgic over this . 
  yup , created by beatrix potter . 
  get that man some wings . 
  it just so happens i will be in the coming months . 
  this is good news , it was the one grip i had with berlin . 
  even though we give them a shit ton of foreign aid . 
  continentals ca n't make a good cup of tea . 
  the spanish have lukewarm water and black tea is seemingly a rarity in germany . 
   syriza proved to be a total joke , just as everyone said it would be . 
  hate speech , what speech ? 
  i know the difference , i 'm just getting at how ludicrous both systems are being . 
  [ first time of me watching it ( skip to 1:02 for sig heil ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syslezhbpus ) , according to the s * n newspaper the jewish council of scotland `` dismissed suggestions it was meant as a joke '' . 
  meanwhile in the u.k , a man gets arrested for teaching his pug to sig heil . 
  except top rate comedy . 
  well to be fair to the kippers , that 's their shtick . 
  no one expects anything constructive from them . 
  i think i saw a post in / r/warthunder about that . 
  it 's basically because early-war soviet planes and pilots were notoriously bad , so the germans were able to easily rack up kills , whereas on the western front both sides had pretty decent planes from the get go and , more often than not , had well trained pilots flying them . 
  what a tit . 
  local butcher / bakery . 
  they sell everything greggs sells ( but more ) and the pricing is pretty decent . 
  their sausage rolls also look and taste like they actually contain meat . 
  take your processed greggs garbage elsewhere !, 
  there 's been talk of reintroducing them in britain . 
  in the end we just end up shouting in our own language . 
  it seems to work just as well . 
  i 'm going to leave that for the fyroms and greeks to decide . 
  as an outsider i ca n't understand it . 
  politics aside , that alexander the great statue is beautiful . 
  we all know h&k would come out on top . 
  totally for none-shady reasons . 
  give us time . 
  mostly ones that celebrities already have . 
  das racist though . 
  i like the theory that it represents the twelve olympians . 
  god damn , i know we all think it but there 's a line damnit . 
  * whyyyyy *, 
  a few freed slaves as well . 
  at least one swede was on board at trafalgar . 
   that area is a backwater quite literally . 
  surprised this was n't done sooner . 
  ... okay . 
  i know ... 
  i sure do hope those are free-born men !, 
  there 's no love for high rises here . 
  i 'm just going off wikipedia , bosnia are apparently thinking of adding lyrics . 
  well this just puts the cherry on top . 
  kosovo , bosnia and san marino do n't either , apparently . 
  same man . 
  yeah , that we 're too trusting and open to economic abuse . 
  amen . 
  i do n't know why people still use it for centuries either . 
  if i were seeking asylum i 'd go to the first safe place i found . 
  which unfortunately would probably be france . 
  it 's like when you miss a gear whilst driving . 
   they sponsored garibaldi first the man made good biscuits , can you blame us ? 
   can be very difficult to use northern ireland and scottish sterling in england !, 
  of all the things that are wrong with this country , this is the most fucking annoying . 
  why do n't we all use the same fucking money ? 
  i was gona say , i 'm not really familiar with the use of ` corsair ' . 
  i 've been doing the same for butter-knives . 
  stay safe man . 
  a pirate is someone who commits sea-crimes . 
  a privateer is someone who was given the authority * to commit sea-crimes on behalf of a government . 
  a lot of famous english and british heroes were privateers . 
  morgan , drake , raleigh , hawkins , many of them played a role in looting spanish treasure galleons and harassing new world colonies for the crown . 
  * by way of a letter of marque . 
  forgive my ignorance but what is the difference between a flawed and true democracy or how is it judged ? 
  i like the pussy just randomly inserted into the text on the right . 
  \\  be american \\  get shot, 
  why hope , of course all calculators go to silicon heaven !, 
  what times we live in . 
  remember when your teacher told you that you would n't always have a calculator on you ? 
  i 've got one on my computer , my phone , my keychain and my wallet will probably have one built in , in the next couple of years . 
  i tried looking for it to provide context but all google provides is ufo sightings and an alien being killed with a shovel . 
  back in primary we had to watch a film where an alien lands in newcastle . 
  he 's pretty chill but when he sees how badly polluted the area is he decides to destroy the planet . 
  i ca n't remember how but puggy somehow saves the day . 
  pigeons were involved to some degree . 
  dammit finland , why ? 
  too late . 
  does it technically count as an invasion if they use your own troops ? 
  i 'll forever remember it as the place a young lad called puggy saved the earth from alien destruction , with the help of his racing pigeons . 
  funny how alaska finds pre-revolutionary libya to be the greatest threat . 
  do they know something we do n't ? 
  i remember reading asterix in britain in year 7 . 
  shit was cash . 
  skotsko sounds like a cheap version of costco . 
  that the nicest old lady i ever knew was swiss . 
  she and my grandparents had neighbouring villas in spain and i 'd always take out her rubbish and listen to her stories when i went out there . 
  in exchange i got swiss chocolates , a swiss army knife , some swiss shirts , some iron maiden posters and a pair of drumsticks that , according to one of her amazing tails , belonged to gene krupa . 
  her late husband was a vet and he would treat the working animals for the locals whilst they were out there . 
  miss that woman . 
  this is truly a literary epic , i hope to see it in a civ game one day . 
  i hope they 're okay . 
  that sounds an awful lot like discrimination . 
  how does france feel about this ?
