  we should be happier about the mediocrity of our island . 
  out of my friends who went in to uni , two of them work in the field they studied in , the rest are in completely different fields or unemployed . 
  interesting question , who the hell would fuck either of them ? 
  i did n't see anything of them , although they had me on the edge of my seat during the football . 
  aye , krijger96 clarified for me . 
  invest with military industry . 
  i believe so . 
  i 'm thinking of the placeholders that were in effect prior to the formation of government . 
  nevermind . 
  do n't tell rossiya . 
  that was the point of the soviets was n't it ? 
  to have government be from the bottom up . 
  is it * really * surprising ? 
  we have no good choices . 
  it 's like a milder version of what 's happening in the u.s. 
  i feel sorry for anyone who takes anything current year man says seriously . 
  -25 prestige , -50 relations penalty , additional-25 prestige penalty for guaranteeing nation, 
  i like him as a person , he 's not leadership material though . 
  and yet it stands . 
  careful now . 
  * triggered *, 
  imagine that : muslim commie russians with oil , the perfect bad guy for a team america sequel . 
  yeah i remember seeing a video of it posted last year . 
  i think that 's the one , yes . 
  i 'm legitimately jealous . 
  i ca n't remember the name of it ( and i think it may just be a polish thing ) but the festival where they go to cemeteries in droves is beautiful . 
  god damn catholics with all your saintly holidays . 
  still sore over our defeat . 
  still sore over our defeat . 
  i think this is the best we 'll got from boris . 
  yeah the downvote brigade shows otherwise . 
  you jump to brexit from a polandball joke ? 
  probably did . 
  the mans a fuck stick and that 's not the worst that he 's done . 
  i think it 's a good thing to pursue friendly relations with russia but you ca n't tolerate what they 're pulling in ukraine . 
  i do n't see it happening with putin at the helm . 
  such a sick burn , quaking in my boots . 
  no need for the salt , mate . 
  good work italy . 
  do n't let anything get in the way of glorious bunga bunga . 
  erdogan looks freakishly out of proportion . 
  scum of the earth . 
  they ca n't pack heat over here , there 's no illusion of being able to defend themselves . 
   `` would you fight for your country in the event of an imminent invasion ? '', 
  i asked my college friend this question whilst we were discussing the possibilities of national service returning . 
  his response was `` i 'd just move to switzerland '' . 
  you know what . 
  i completely forgot all of the shit that 's gone down with the cover-ups and whatnot ... now i completely understand the percentage . 
  whilst i genuinely believe the speed limit should be raised a bit on the motorways , they are just doing their job in enforcing speed limits . 
  fun story actually . 
  whilst i was on my way back from hull , on the m62 , me and two other drivers were doing about 90-100mph in the second/third lane . 
  it was quite late at night so there were n't that many cars about , just a bit of light entertainment for the ride home . 
  as we got towards wakefield one of them pulled into the third lane put his blue lights on and sped off . 
  * retarded left, 
  well we could always send them to africa . 
  i mean if they want black power why not go to these black majority countries ? 
  i 'm going to take a stab in the dark and say it 's lower/no income communities that have this outlook . 
  i mean , even some of the local dealers are pretty chill with the police . 
  i 'm surprised our is n't above 80 % . 
  usually i like to sit back and laugh when something daft happens in london but i realise this bullshittery could very easily spread . 
  tramlines were blocked in nottingham by the same group and that 's a tad too close to home for me . 
  is ` urk ' where you live or the sound you make when you look at the weather app ? 
  i 'm not a member but i voted labour in the last election and intend to do so for the foreseeable future . 
  he 's definitely been divisive , only an idiot would say otherwise , but at the moment he 's the only person i can see running against whatever the tories are going to be in 2020 . 
  if someone else can come along , not be an utter twat , and actually pull labour together then fair dos , let them come . 
  we 'll see soon enough anyway . 
  wishfull thinking . 
  even though i 'm not overly fond of a lot of his views , i sincerely hope corbyn survives the wave of bullshit that his mps are throwing at him . 
  itching for something to oust may . 
  anything , please , just remove the wicked fucking witch . 
  remove danelaw , scandinavia is worst smell, 
  big bad scary russians and there flammable new tonks !, 
  for how long though ? 
  there 's really no need to have them in turkey any more . 
  fuck them . 
  cut out the infected area before it spreads . 
  but when cuba has them it suddenly becomes a problem . 
  mate , do n't make me take me driving gloves off . 
   the car could have been taken from anywhere, 
  dude had a double bearded axe . 
  i was under the impression that the standard issue axe was mainly for civilian use ? 
  i mean , if i were to be tackled by the officer in the article and end up there ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'll give you that one . 
  in norway i saw a policeman that looked like he 'd stepped out of a portal from the 900s . 
  why anyone would want to commit crime over there is beyond me . 
  it 's retaliatory . 
  mad dis , croatia . 
  britain stands at your side . 
  we 're ready to do this shit . 
  but what if the terrorists retaliate by attacking comic relief supporters !, 
  * scary i ca n't think of a company i dislike more . 
  re-direct power from the life support systems , we need every last drop of power !, 
  i mean , the five year old in me would be delighted at having soldiers everywhere but the 22 year old would probably be somewhat concerned . 
  better than g4s security guards though . 
  all power to the forward banter-fields . 
  what an ingenious way of cheering folk up . 
  if i had the money i 'd totally do this . 
  my condolences . 
  i do n't get this , we were always allowed to wear shorts .
