  i agree wholeheartedly but i feel that what hughes said was more the deciding factor than his trump support . 
  i think the article was just trying to make it a thing . 
  i think what lemon is saying is that the fact hughes supports donald trump is quite irrelevant . 
  seems weird that they do n't have data for london . 
  not to mention the uk and russia actively played politics there for quite a while . 
  czeck . 
  your move . 
  afghanistan has certainly never been under european influence . 
  czechia , why would you do this ? 
  i think it 's only really enforced on the thames . 
  `` like a rat up a drainpipe '' porn truly is the medium for powerful quotes . 
  i love it . 
  here 's to an inevitable return . 
  that 's some next stage capitalism right there . 
  this man is dangerously illiterate . 
  same sentiment . 
  i 'd much rather european leaders not pander to anybody to be honest . 
  for me its always been used to describe people from the mid-east to bangladesh . 
  orientals for the far east . 
  * ^ ^ i ^ ^ knew ^ ^ it *, 
  huh . 
  i thought it was french . 
  the chinese have also been getting a lot of attention for their recent stance on green projects so it would be interesting to know why they 're clamping down on enviro-talks . 
  the smart ones get the stupid ones to do the dying . 
  standard . 
  my favourite is when they try doing swastikas but end up fucking up the top bits . 
  and freeing us from the dirty papists . 
  and on st andrews day , the holy trinity of drinking days . 
  god damn that 's fucking stupid . 
  why waste your money on such a thing ( covering it up ) . 
  i guess they maybe did n't want it to stand as a sign that you could just spray paint on this guy 's wall . 
  that said , it 's a loss of art and was n't exactly offensive as far as graffiti ( if you could call it that ) goes . 
  i think the uk has the appropriate heritage for title of pirates . 
  i wondered why there were so many tricolours about . 
  all the best lads . 
  well look at it this way , you can now start reclaiming the land that was france from the ocean . 
  implying the nasty party has n't always been that way . 
  there have been a few honour killings in the uk alone . 
  to say muslim conservatives have n't killed anyone for their religion is a bit naive . 
  the best rectangular country in the world . 
  nicest language on the iberian peninsula . 
  wonderful flag . 
  brb , applying a filter to my facebook photo . 
  how will the dutch ever recover ? 
  you bet you are , portubro . 
  i need an interpreter for my northern irish side of the family . 
  true , but i admire the fact they 're not taking erdogan 's shit . 
  a little piece of me wants him to do it to see what would happen . 
  they 're not doing a bad job of it that 's for sure . 
  the true definition of little england . 
  come one come all , join the yorkip party today !, 
   british government accused of neglecting \\* insert non-home county here \\*, 
  do n't you remember ? 
  it got invaded by the russians like ten years ago . 
  the first bit was like audial honey dripping into my earholes . 
  who said that ? 
  part of the reason why i boycotted crufts years ago . 
  dog breeding in general has produced some poor souls . 
  looking at handbag dogs specifically . 
  boy that boxer 's hind does not look healthy . 
  they actually look decent if you allow there fur some freedom . 
  when people treat them as an accessory that 's when they look like the pompous rats . 
  they 're a damn sight better looking than chihuahuas that 's for sure . 
  i love them , the shape of the head is so unique and beautiful looking but staffies are a bit of a tradition in my family and we 've done really well by them over the past few decades . 
  it 's like benjamin button could n't be bothered half way through . 
  yeah , that one looks very well bred . 
  my gran always says they have piggy eyes too . 
  [ have mine instead . 
  [ most popular breed in my area . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/staffordshire_bull_terrier ) they 've garnered an unfortunate reputation lately thanks to chavs and scummers but they really are amazing all-round dogs . 
  they make great family pets but for some reason other dogs tend to be very 50/50 about them . 
  my grandparents had an irish setter when they were younger , apparently they slavver like no man 's business . 
  god forbid you choose to stand up for yourself . 
  it would make more sense for men to retire earlier than women to equal it out . 
  what 's a france ? 
  is it near paris ? 
  this is the second time i 've been disgusted by one of these . 
  i no longer enjoy comparison pics . 
  they might realise that they 're being petty . 
  how to summon a belorussian . 
  a sandwich is two slices of bread . 
  wtf is this . 
  fake news, 
  it 's a shit-post , probably cobbled together by a rogue memer . 
  do n't worry yourself . 
  have some of the furries managed to make their suits amphibious ? 
  at first glance it looks like the higher the number , the more unequal it is . 
  would n't ` equality ' have been a better choice ? 
  to me it 's how comfortable people are in social situations , implying that south europeans are stereotypically friendly and more communal whereas northern/central/balkan europeans are more introverted . 
  was the uk not european when it 's biggest border with europe was gibraltar ? 
  this could just as easily have come from / r/vexillologycirclejerk . 
  got on the road mate . 
  do you cycle on the path or something ? 
  please . 
  only send foam and nerf weaponry . 
  we would n't want them hurting anybody would we ? 
  my vote goes to orangina as best drink . 
  is irn-bru seriously our thing ? 
  horrible stuff . 
  sweet , germany has a minotaur park .
