  i take your reality and substitute it with my own . 
  because she 's a british babushka , you do n't dick about with babushkas of any sort . 
  get quickfit out and they 'll have it looking brand new in like half an hour . 
  so basically , if we permanently stay in ` will we , wo n't we ? ', 
  limbo our economy will rise indefinitely ? 
  i think we 've broken the system boys !, 
  queen liz and putin confirmed best buddies - buzzfeed , probably . 
  boy george . 
  calling it . 
  in the traditional sense , but we 're talking internet speak here . 
  it 's almost like a sassy shake of the head . 
  i said this for the scottish and eu referendum . 
  50 % leaves way too many people unhappy . 
  i think the czechs have my favourite outlook on europe . 
  who 's the ` good dictator ' in reference to with belgium ? 
  i think troll hunter remains my favourite non-english language film . 
  among others : rare exports - finnish downfall - german the lives of others - german pan 's labyrinth - spanish come and see - russian ( i assume ) night watch - russian, 
  it was n't being ignored . 
  it just was n't the centre of attention for the briefest of moments . 
   i mean . . are you disputing that a minority is always very much more in danger than the minority ? 
  what i said is pretty clear cut . 
  are majorities incapable of suffering from hate crimes ? 
  the addition of the full stops makes it seem serious , just so you know . 
  so hate crimes can only occur against minorities ? 
  oh god , the horror , the absolute horror . 
  you can have botd a that 's as far as i 'll go . 
  please , feel free to take some from the anglosphere . 
  i always enjoyed cossacks napoleonic wars a lot more than the main series . 
  i really hope they do a remaster of it . 
  you really are insatiable are n't you . 
  i do n't think that would deter me anyway . 
   it becomes genocide when its targeting specific groups because of ethnicity , religion , race or nationality i believe there are specific words for each of these are n't there ? 
  it 's just much more convenient/powerful to say genocide . 
  i often shout this when i 'm sat on the shitter . 
  hopefully this means that ` best of ' political cartoons on this subreddit will actually contain some decent cartoons for a change . 
  bit too vague but now its been mentioned it makes sense . 
  man i loved poland when i went over in 2009 . 
  definitely on my list of countries to return to . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the uk but i hear merry/happy in a 50/50ish split where i am . 
  it does n't bother me but it does n't make sense to discourage a word that means the same as another ` acceptable ' word . 
  you do n't have to read them . 
  i did n't get that opinion from reddit . 
  i find him to be a bit too obtrusive . 
  i 'll give him a go , like , but i 'm not expecting anything near to liz . 
  that 's the common joke around here . 
  those damn dirty catholics , i swear they 're behind everything . 
  yeah but anglosphere stronk in many other ways . 
  apparently in my mate 's uni they 're encouraging people to say ` happy ' instead of merry because it is n't inclusive . 
  does n't merry mean happy anyway ? 
  i think the queen understands the public 's opinion of charles . 
  she 'll hold on to it as long as she can . 
   in my opinion . 
  opinions differ . 
  cheeky monkey . 
  she stepped down from 25 and handed them over to other royals . 
  phil did something similar a couple of years ago , although that does still leave her with several hundred charities under her belt . 
  i do n't reckon charles will have that as his royal name though . 
  it 's not a healthy one for british monarchs . 
   god tells george rr martin in a dream to up his game . 
  twow , the half life 3 of books . 
  what happened to you germany , you used to be cool . 
  charity ? 
  mate all we ever seem to do is get cobbed off by charities . 
  there 's not many places i speak highly of , but derbyshire is one of em . 
  nope . 
  unfortunately i 've never * really * been to the lake district . 
  i 've been on coniston water , boating , but i have n't really explored the place . 
  i think it 's bloody typical , that 's what i make o ' it . 
  thanks multiculturalism . 
  me and a mate of mine started our hiking addiction in the peak district . 
  we fell in love with the place , so much so that we firmly believe the derbyshire section should be incorporated into yorkshire . 
  derwent is especially great . 
  watched a lancaster bomber flyover there in 2014 or 15 . 
  great place . 
  edit : drunk me ca n't tell the difference between peak and lake . 
  and yet we carry one doing as we are and expecting things to change . 
  have n't they been in a state of emergency for like a year now ? 
  something about the gendarme being put out more than usual . 
  effort though . 
  i do n't blame the poor sod for skimping on the hre and italy . 
  current year !, 
  that was more the yanks i think , was n't it ? 
  heligoland pls . 
  can we get him a unique flair ? 
  coventry is a more accurate comparison . 
  we lost a lot of heritage when the luftwaffe ` coventried ' the place . 
  it does n't do dick . 
  terrorists really do n't give a crap how united we are because they know that we ca n't outright win without going against our basic principals . 
  okay then , everyone in . 
  terror-bombing . 
  vengeance for london/coventry . 
  at least he tried . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  amen . 
  i wonder what possible motives they could have behind that . 
  [ * ahem * ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/vichy_france_map.jpg ), 
  the preacherjonson household : [ my dog and dad ] ( http://imgur.com/movc0bq ) . 
  this is a pic that i 'll probably get framed . 
  she 's a boisterous dog and can be quite naughty , seeing her so sleepy after a long walk was quite nice . 
  the bald man makes it i think .
