  i 'm not sure of the reasons for keeping the bear around but it 's a tremendous piece of kit . 
  well , i ca n't say i did n't know what to expect . 
   star wreck : in the pirkinning is a 2005 parody film produced by five friends in a two-room flat with a small budget and the support of a few hundred fans and several dozen acquaintances . 
  my minds telling me no , but my body my body 's telling me yes . 
  oh boy , this shit show again . 
  i have a generally favourable view of the fuzz but this shit is just ridiculous . 
  i was going to say he looks a little like george vi of the uk . 
  which one !, 
  sweet mother of jesus . 
  i love that film so much . 
  you finns have the most underrated film industry in the world . 
  portu-bros . 1373 , best year . 
  got plenty of that here too mate . 
  only send the hot chicas , i can wait . 
  so , turkey , about that eu membership . 
  \\* oils hair back \\*, 
  the french are okay . 
  duh , age = literal seniority / s, 
  fittingly orange . 
   ... who are found loitering , begging and sleeping in commercial places . 
  so basically they 're trying to shovel the homeless into places we ca n't see them ? 
  very interesting , i always wondered how niemcy came about . 
  if anything , i 'd be disappointed that there would be no native american drum circle at the end of the corridor . 
  why do n't we just skip to grunting at eachother ? 
  what can i say , i 'm a sucker for stereotypes . 
  all it would take is one crying little girl to make her u-turn on that statement . 
  [ representin . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4yjvpqg8y8 ), 
  the opinion of cameron is an interesting one ; personally his flabby body ( possibly containing a vampiric entity of some kind ) puts me off him , alone . 
  [ 4od version ] ( http://www.channel4.com/programmes/things-we-wont-say-about-race-that-are-true ) for brits . 
  shock horror . 
  [ your elite soldiers are growing tits . 
  ] ( http://www.livescience.com/26597-german-army-soldiers-breasts.html ) ( not a problem in my opinion ), 
  i 'm sure we would n't leave our eirebros hanging . 
  but how many volvos does sweden have ? 
  there 's a reason hitler went * around * sweden, 
  that lass has some freaky facial expressions . 
  france is where all the immigrants are being stopped from reaching all their free goodies in the u.k , they 're trying to re-enact dunkirk . 
  i 'm sure the public 's opinion of this group soared after that . 
  there 's probably a decent list of the messed up stuff brasil did for the world cup . 
  the way i understand it , there are a lot of aquatic animals and small birds that prey on them ; naturally , what happens at the bottom of the food chain impacts the higher ups . 
  no mosquitoes , less food for fish , less fish . 
  less fish , less food for birds and so on so forth . 
  personally , i could n't care less about the food chain in this instance , mosquito-cide when ? 
  never heard of it . 
  it was the range that annoyed me , how they 'd sit * just * out of range of your archers so you actually had to do something about them . 
  i remember them being quite good against unarmoured units but it has been quite a while since i played the romes . 
  i would think the mass would be the desirable feature and given that you could shape it , you could make them more accurate & better at penetrating armour . 
   ... leaden sling-bullets were widely used in the greek and roman world . 
  for a given mass , lead , being very dense , offers the minimum size and therefore minimum air resistance . 
  in addition , leaden sling-bullets are small and difficult to see in flight . 
  just pulled that off wikipedia , it makes sense then that slingers piss me off in the total war games . 
  i think some sling-using nations used lead . 
  this will certainly bode well for the pro-brexit folks . 
  that would actually look pretty cool if it were n't so decrepit . 
  - guns shoot to the left . 
  - train using broomsticks . 
  - soldiers are growing breasts . 
  - some of their jets ca n't even fly at night . 
  come on germany . 
  they teach about martin king now ? 
  since when ? 
  it still takes a mental backflip for me to understand that the americans are n't , in fact , celebrating martin luther . 
  tagging you as funny yank . 
  might as well start a collection . 
  maybe so , i was under the impression that this is how it was perceived at the time . 
  if they had the power of foresight they would have just made sure kaiser wilhelm ii did n't ascend the throne ... 
  i have you tagged as ` funny german ' , i 'm disappointed that there was no punchline . 
  bear in mind they were making a point that a * unified * germany was now on the scene and was n't to be fucked with . 
  what better way to do so than utterly humiliating the worlds greatest land power ? 
  i mean it worked , as far as i know no one instigated a war against them during its existence . 
  crimea 2 , electric boogaloo, 
  in my opinion , talent and the music itself is n't hard finding . 
  it 's the personalities . 
  mine too , i only properly got into his music whilst i was partway through the series . 
  the sovereign will most likely return , he ... he 's just on hiatus . 
  if you get the chance , watch ` the lives of others ' . 
  great film about a stasi agent spying on a controversial group of playwrights whilst coming to terms with what he 's doing with his life . 
  i feel kind of left out here . 
  nord/balk-bros get conscription and we hit the dole running ( jesting somewhat ) i reckon one or two years service , not necessarily in the military , would be quite interesting . 
  teach boys not to breast . 
  this is why british business is failing . 
  i 'll send you one for four quid . 
   so weak italy top bants , you 're not so bad after all china . 
  is the hepworth actually any good ? 
  i only know it as an eyesore ( which is saying something for wakefield ) and everyone i know has been a bit disappointed with the displays . 
  i do n't get to see my mates through the week due to working hours but a night up town will usually cost me twenty quid at most . 
  the cinemas costs a tenner just for the ticket alone and there 's really not much else to do in my town . 
  for me the only reason , besides socialising , for drinking in town is to erase the memories of work . 
  i think our lifestyles are the problem , alcohol is seen as the cure . 
  thing is , it 's not every now and then . 
  a lot of people here have nothing better to do on a weekend than get wankered and cause a fuss for the police and ambulance crews to clean up . 
  as a nation we have a problem , but the alternative is being perfectly sober and horribly cheerful and i would rather die of liver failure . 
  this just sounds like regular russia . 
  the lad stood up for his values and should be commended for it ; he took the risk and could n't handle the consequences . 
  a bloody shame . 
  yup . 
  however , people are more concerned by the flooding than they are the heat . 
  its been mentioned as part of the global warming thing though do n't worry , we even had a hilarious interview with david cameron about it . 
  some of us have bigger weather concerns than the heat at the moment .
