  yes . 
  you should n't be allowed to have a different sense of humour to me . 
  ok guys , it 's getting really bloody cringey now . 
  czechism . 
  did you think you were in / r/europe and not / r/europeanunion ? 
  you 're telling me there 's a pay gap because women are choosing to go into lower paid jobs , whereas man are going into fields that pay more ? 
  just a tad ridiculous . 
  looks a bit more icelandic to me . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is what all those `` do n't tread on me '' people have been talking about coming into action . 
  many schools do n't even learn german . 
  unless you pay to go to your school ( in my experience ) . 
  nurgle , naturally . 
  and the isle of man . 
  the americans have shown us this over the last year . 
  i would n't trust any politician to butter my bread . 
  you think our mps could be trusted with computers ? 
  they have a government now ? 
  has anyone managed it ? 
  did this occur on european soil or to a european person ? 
  or they were too intimidated by the fjords of norway and did n't bother . 
  bureaucratic * and * french . 
  too bland . 
  really not comfortable with this design at all . 
  france is pimping . 
   taking away what makes the flags special makes them boring . 
  says the tricolour ;d, 
  it 's literally what a fire does . 
  i 'm saying i want the fires to die down . 
  well it 's what fires do . 
  absolutely terrible , hope it dies down soon . 
  hearts go out to our portubros . 
  only got to skim read but is n't that just a comparison between the leaders she 's facing not previous ones ? 
  i mean , just because she 's preferred over corbyn does n't mean she 's preferred over blair or thatcher . 
  sorry , but when was she more popular than either at their best ? 
  i 've heard nothing but contempt for her from the moment she popped up in cameron 's cabinet . 
  her non-human immune system ca n't handle expose to pooros . 
  she must be kept at least ten feet from any fleabags on the street . 
  ah well , looks like the philippines is going to suffer even more of a woman drain . 
  still waiting for those norman reparations . 
  it 's not so bad . 
  how dare that one guy trust muslims to go to the shops for him . 
  in all seriousness though , what we 're people expecting from a n.eire party ? 
  a lot of these cunts who are doing this stuff have been reported ( sometimes multiple times ) by their communities . 
  i have no doubt that may 's cuts not only affected front line policing but also their ability to track and monitor cases like this . 
  there is a huge amount of people on the watchlist for terrorism ( about roughly half of the amount of police staff cut if i remember correctly ) , i imagine we would n't be having this trouble if we had adequate numbers of police and not just enough to respond to incidents . 
  hear , hear . 
  hence why i could never vote for the conservatives . 
  i 'm not a big fan of corbyn but he 's better than female skeletor . 
  are they too scared ? 
  or is it just that they 've sacked all the rozzers who can actually do anything about it ? 
   to go alt-right please leave americanisms to the americans . 
  typical canada , eh . 
  oh no doubt , i mean i was n't on the look out and only noticed the two afformentioned . 
  the us embassy looks like a fortress . 
  do n't think i noticed any others barring canada 's . 
  the us one always seems to be illuminated too . 
  fascist mods meme . 
  i wonder if they have a little black book of all the comments they remove . 
  this is where pandering to the lowest common denominator gets you . 
  could do with more rozzers in england tbh . 
  i would n't be surprised if there was one standout minority group in that report . 
  if they take our humour they win . 
  i keep trying to imagine the process and just ca n't fathom it . 
  things go missing from time to time . 
  the u.s lost a t95 for example . 
  shit happens . 
  what a nutter . 
  that 's the most entertaining thing i 've seen all day . 
  i 'd vote for him purely for this shirt . 
  aye , i understand where they 're coming from on that mark even though i find it hard to believe that most of the labour voters i know are wholly against it ; i 'd be interested to see how enthusiastic corbyn would be in pursuing it should labour win . 
  even when i was 16 years old i hated the idea of it . 
  unless there 's a drastic change in both the education system and the nature of young people i 'm totally against it . 
  i 'm all for earning an extra 4.5 k a year and if the party has done the numbers that 's great . 
  my concern is how it 's going to affect bigger businesses and the more well off . 
  i 'm all for wealth redistribution but you do n't want to scare off the people with all the money . 
  single market , free movement and sixteen year old votes . 
  i agree with the rest , although the feasibility of a ten pound minimum wage is somewhat dubious . 
  i 'll be voting labour regardless but i would probably vote lib dems under different circumstances . 
  i feel like british politics at the moment can be best summed up as standing in-front of a shotgun and being given the choice of which piece of shot you want to take . 
  that said , the lib dems really are the most common sense just looking at this . 
  it 's like being in a bus from the early 90s but you 're flying . 
  in the thumbnail it looked like a blue version of barad-dur . 
  very pretty in the actual photo . 
  nah , i 'd rather not get embroiled in that . 
  imperialism and economic prosperity of the mother nations is intrinsically linked ... 
  i read plenty of history . 
  imperialism propelled western europe to the height of world power and without it would n't be as prosperous as we are today . 
  i never said it was benevolent did i. 
  it did pretty well until the germans came into play . 
  it 's interesting that you think the people who did this would find that more tolerable . 
  no one cares . 
  they 're a one trick pony who got what they wanted . 
  shit burn , mate . 
  thanks , mate . 
  uk should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  i wonder what the number would be like if it did n't include ~ ~ indentured labour ~ ~ 0 hour contracts . 
  just imagine how many small animals you could trap with 1000 plastic rings . 
  so it be , i did n't realise we used to be that tall . 
  what border is being used in england ? 
  americans fund/equip mujahideen in 80s against the russians .
