  i work in huddersfield but live in neighbouring wakefield . 
  on the way in the road is two lanes wide but one lane is reserved for busses and taxis . 
  i 'm all for encouraging the use of public transport but it 's only appealing to those who either ca n't afford private travel or simply ca n't use it . 
  the end result is a massive queue of traffic and a completely empty lane at the side of it that hardly gets used . 
  if public transport was updated ( instead of blowing 2 + billion on a high speed rail system to funnel money down south ) people would actually bloody use it . 
  but no , we 've got shit trains , shit busses and nothings ever on bloody time . 
  nah , we just choose meat/processed garbage \\* pats belly \\*, 
  good to see lord vader once again leading from the front . 
  / r/empiredidnothingwrong, 
  alright , i 'll bite . 
  oh shit , it actually looks like a frigging skull to me . 
  i hear there 's nothing there . 
  it 's as smooth as the bonnet of a porsche . 
  everything is a meme these days . 
  you ca n't stop it . 
  delete this, 
  it 's a bit of a meme . 
  a while back there was either a statement by a politician or a news article that went on about ` polish death camps ' implying they were run by poland , not that they were just in poland at the time . 
  that 's what prevented the whole thing from being labelled a complete disaster . 
  they can not into space . 
  they have a very dramatic history , from towering greatness to seemingly futile lows , only to spring back again and again like a champion boxer . 
  with each incarnation they steadily move we ~ ~ ea ~ ~ st. 
  soon they will be inside france . 
  excellent plumbers/builders . 
  probably the only reason europe stayed free of ottoman conquest back in the day . 
  i once ate ` mystery meat ' there on a religious studies trip . 
  to this day i do n't know what it was but it was lovely . 
  i heard the poles killed 8 million jews in such camps . 
  of course there is . 
  damn , it looked so close at certain points too . 
  how is nazism relevant to joking about a wall ? 
  you ca n't argue with the regressive left . 
  they encourage violence and hatred . 
  just let them stew in their own juices . 
  those londoners are savages . 
  i hear they have a special system for transport that avoids the traffic/poor people , something like [ this ] ( http://www.gamingilluminaughty.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/vactrain1.jpg ) but underground . 
  this man gets it , look at my african-portuguese over here !, 
  we do n't want your mexican muslims !, 
  i think it 's for their special cases . 
  regular tourists are bad enough . 
  we should do what china does and ban our disruptive tourists from leaving the country unless they get some manners drilled into their thick skulls . 
  [ germany , your profile pic needs updating . 
  ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/the-federal-eagle-is-seen-during-a-session-of-the-german-bundestag-in-picture-id457398909?s=594x594 ), 
  oh joy , it 's noel !, 
  i need to re-watch the boosh . 
  they 'll probably be coming back soon . 
  it hit the nail on the head . 
  i could n't stand to watch the speech he made and i could n't stand reading that one . 
  the queen serves as protector of the faith , that is all faiths , so she 's technically a symbol of freedom of religion . 
  i take it northern ireland is staying ? 
  what damn fool thing is yugoslavia up to ? 
  fiat panda master race !, 
  faster is better , right ? 
  so when will germany attain enough lift to take to the skies ? 
  they let it happen elsewhere , it might give them a kick up the arse to do something about it . 
  [ you may have already seen it but the depiction here is pretty accurate . 
  if i have the time tomorrow i might have a go , just for you . 
  i would if i could bothered . 
  that 's a pretty poor argument considering the map stereotypes whole regions ... 
  i 'm sorry not everyone 's humour is the same . 
  i 'm poking fun , surely that is the point ? 
  oh look , another italian . 
  i 'm angry that their polska stores are everywhere and successful . 
  how can british poles compete ? 
  the only thing i 've taken away from this is that italians are apparently parasites . 
  it should have been the first option , we were robbed at the polls !, 
   maddie is not here she is , just not above ground . 
  i just want to be puuurre . 
  invest . 
  invest in eastern poland . 
  `` but muh hygiene '' honestly , if that 's a person 's main concern i 'd automatically assume they were dirty people anyway . 
   ... try to please her husband when he beats her . 
  now now , let 's not get into kink-shaming . 
  was gon na say , they kind of look like the strips of playdough you get . 
  is this how playdough is made ? 
  nah , hiding the copper she 's nicked off the railway . 
  no it is n't , it 's the same category . 
  i fell into the trap of including the americans as european too . 
  although i would have though north korea would have at least come under soviet influence in the beginning or was it always mostly chinese ? 
  completely agree on iran , as well as alexander , the soviet union and the uk ` invaded ' during ww2 . 
  afghanistan too for the democratic republic of afghanistan period . 
  let 's see : - gibraltar has voted twice to remain under british rule . 
  - has been unsuccessfully sieged multiple times . 
  - has been under british control for longer than it has been under spanish control . 
  why do they even bother ? 
  the map says colonised or controlled , so it still fits . 
  hyper-masculinity/homo-eroticism is the way to go . 
  only possibility i can think of is greece ` joining ' the entente 's side in ww1 . 
  but that 's a bit of a stretch in my opinion as poland did n't exist and was split by three countries . 
  poland started it . 
  god damn german immigrants ruin everything . 
  that 's pretty cool , i 'll have to read into it more at some point . 
  can i get some clarification on the circles ? 
  looking at the uk i understand them separating the four member nations but why does spain have so many ? 
  if it 's to do with local government then why does n't germany have each state as a circle ? 
  i 'm guessing most germans do n't live in places where terrorists are likely to target . 
  like in the 2005 london bombings . 
  i did n't feel scared because i live in pig shitting nowhere where terrorists wo n't bother . 
  i 'm outraged every time i see miranda hart on the telly but i do n't go pissing my pants and screeching at the telly over it . 
  people need to chill .
