   the transition from communism to western democracy was brutal in most former socialist states i remember watching the jackass gumball rally when they go through some of the old soviet states . 
  apparently they had a rule of ` stick together and do n't stop for anything ' because the local organised criminals would just jack them in broad daylight . 
  according to an image i found on google , there are atleast nineteen . 
  i would link but my work 's internet is shit and wo n't let me revisit the link . 
  edit : according to wikipedia usa : ramstein air base , spangdahlem air base , about 60 facilities , more than 30,000 personnel united kingdom : rhine garrison , ( british forces germany ) - 21,500 personnel as of 2012 france : 1,500 personnel ; french section of the french-german brigade, 
  yup , poor eyesight too , misread the above comment . 
  shit . 
  i misread the heathen !, 
  u.k uses it as well . 
  edit : submitting myself to the local anglo-acclimatization hub now . 
  maybe . 
  try out a confederation first and if things go okay we 'll move in together . 
  you 'll need some excellent sewing skills to get him back in one piece , 
  slap it on the scottish broadcasting corporation and watch that sweet dollar bill flow into the public coffers . 
  i think it 's a statement of some kind . 
  i 'm not quite sure , i 'll have to study the rosetta stone some more . 
  and t.o.w.i.g ( the only way is gulag ) ? 
  i doubt they 'd survive in either . 
  how about we split them into two groups and send one to russia and the other to the mid e . that way we can make at least two morbid reality t.v shows out of it . 
   i hear we might be getting the same electric sockets in 2026 i 'd federalize for this ; as long as they were british style , mind . 
  * cue internal violence *, 
  top-knot intensifies . 
  when the e-petition for the north to join scotland is successful ( as we all know it will be / s ) can we turn it into a nuclear waste ground ? 
  from what i 've gathered for the ladies : step one : remove eyebrows step two : paint on incredibly linear , tick like , eyebrows that are at least four times as thick as your natural brows . 
  step three : there is no step three , that 's it . 
  we 're doomed . 
  quick , bring in the turks to take us off the bottom !, 
  wait a second ... 
  poland , specificity krakow . 
  i went in 2009 and thought it would be an absolute wreck ( owing to the whole polish immigrant hype around the time ) but it was one of the most beautiful places i 've been to . 
  would love to go again sometime . 
  so we treat johnny foreigner like a simpleton until they understand . 
  spot on . 
  i love it because it 's so damn silly looking . 
  the shard , last i heard it was filled with ghosts . 
  the guinea pigs are evidently into their vintage . 
  understandable , facebook and sweden are equally oppressive of the muslamic faith . 
  ministry of defence inb4 france , we 'd deck you m8, 
  they 're so left they 're right . 
  they were doing it to stop hitler 's germany we carry on the tradition to spoil merkel 's europe . 
  the bosch will never take us / s, 
   their attitude is self-possessed and , indeed , often borders on arrogance ...  broadly speaking , the british do just enough work to avoid being penalised ...  it often happens that 50 percent of the prisoners are on the sick list at the same time ... glad to see nothing 's changed , chaps . 
  our grandfathers would be proud . 
  i get you now , it 's just that your comment is kind of pointless . 
  any country of our power band in a similar position would have done the same thing . 
  such a territory would have been impossible to maintain with our economy and military . 
  it would have been political suicide at home and the british public would n't have stood for young men dying over such a small antipodal territory against a super power that 's playing on its own pitch . 
  never heard of hoi polloi , gona use that one though . 
  your comment makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the point is , china * wanted * hong kong back . 
  deng xiaoping made that clear enough to thatcher . 
  you want us to go to war with a country of one billion when we only have around fifty million ? 
  because the chinese were going to have hong kong whether we liked it or not . 
  well ethnic austrians are part of the germanic peoples , like the saxons , westphalians , bavarians etc. 
  i think the difference is mostly cultural . 
   a modern country savage . 
  most people are ignorant of austria , which is a shame . 
  a lot of my friends flat out refuse to believe that austrians are german ( traditionally ) . 
  i thought i was in a certain spheroid subreddit then . 
  poland really is a living meme . 
  the issue of a european army was brought up , briefly , at the spectator 's eu debate last week . 
  this was the exact scene that came to mind . 
   why is italy shaped like a boot ? 
   why is cyprus important in othello ? 
  a cause for and against australian education . 
  i do n't know about the op but i have to stop myself from saying chechnya . 
  it 's going to be a tough one to shake off . 
  edit : i should also say i ca n't stop myself from saying czechoslovakia . 
  stop changing your damn name !, 
  it 's too early for porn , it 's too early for porn , it 's too early for porn . 
  what is germany 's energy plan for the future ? 
  completely green or are they going to continue with coal ? 
  edit : thanks for the answers . 
  we need to take a leaf out of good ol' gordon brown 's book . 
  ban the blighters from playing international cricket !, 
  all of this stuff the russians are doing ( barrel rolling over planes , buzzing ships etc. ), 
  seems so jokey . 
  i know a lot of it is dangerous but i just ca n't take it seriously . 
  papa rome is disappointed . 
  do n't forget africa , the libyan soldiers who were found guilty of causing millions-worth of damage at their barracks , [ sexually assaulting four women and raping a bloke in bassingbourn . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/15/two-libyan-soldiers-jailed-for-raping-man-in-cambridge ) and of course the infamous case of a couple from the drc tortured and murdered their son because [ they thought he was a witch ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2012/mar/01/couple-guilty-boy-murder-witchcraft ) . 
  sadly , the witchcraft case is n't even an isolated occurrence . 
  mates since 1373 , never forget . 
  there 's a reason we call it portubro . 
  okay . 
  illegal drugs are the staple diet of many white people in the uk , it 's the government that 's dodgy in regards to drugs . 
  hands off mate , we 're the gurkha people . 
  never met a dodgy sikh . 
  i 'd convert if my beard game was n't in the gutter . 
  living history . 
  got ta watch out for pirates though . 
  just go through the canal and land in the other part of the desert . 
  why do we let companies hold governments ransom ? 
  fuck them . 
  it seems to be a family trait . 
  its been a long time since i went , it really opened my mind to see such beautiful buildings and thought provoking places . 
  the ` there is a city ' video always gets a tear from me . 
  ca n't wait to go back to poland some time . 
  that 's considered hate speech ? 
  how has humanity survived this long ?
