nah , we 're cool with each-other . 
  are n't we guys ? 
  you 're obviously clued up on british politics . 
  we do n't exactly have the greatest people ` representing ' us in any of the parties . 
  blaire was the best of the evils . 
  as a euro-sympathiser this greatly upsets me . 
  we ca n't afford a bill that high . 
  it 's at times like this i seriously think about my stance on the eu . 
  to me it just looks like a big fleshy parasite eyeing up the parasites that already infect my country . 
  what they need is a pm 's question time segment . 
  i always assumed you did n't join the eu just to make sweden look like a cock on the euro . 
  [ four lions ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_lions ) excellent comedy about four wannabe terrorists who blunder about the u.k and the middle east trying to bring a jihad to the u.k. 
  in the process they end up killing osama bin laden and some black birds . 
  on o2 you have to pay to go on porn sites on 3g ... how the hell am i supposed to get internet porn , for free , in public ? 
  u.k is a witch riding a pig . 
  i remember hearing about her death . 
  me and my history class had just booked into a berlin hotel and we had a stella party . 
  [ harumph ] ( http://reactiongifs.me/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/queen-elizabeth-double-middle-finger.gif ), 
  you 're just jealous because we got india and you did n't :p, 
  worth it . 
  i thank my ancestors for the generous gift of curry and tea . 
  i feel that we wasted too much time stealing local cuisines and precious metals during our empire days . 
  i 'm quite envious of all your continentals . 
  all we ever seem to get here is hugs . 
  alls well until someone starts using a lag switch, 
  you think you 've ascertained my views from my explanation of anarchism ? 
  wow , you 're retarded . 
  hippies are just dirty pacifists . 
  it 's retarded because it simply can not work . 
  human nature does not allow for such a structure to exist and is therefore a utopian ideal . 
  people who strive for it are misguided and detached from reality . 
  i agree . 
  it was considered a waste of time by most of my peers so it was seen as uncool to excel in it and more of a muckabout class ; which definitely did n't help . 
  i fully intend on exposing my kids to foreign languages from a young age . 
  i 'm beginning to learn german ( for fun more than anything ) and i 'm kicking myself for not taking more of an interest in school . 
  the way we were taught modern language in school annoys me greatly . 
  we were n't taught any foreign language until year six ( ages 10 to 12 ? ), 
  and even then , it was like half an hour of french a week , for six weeks before we broke up . 
  in high school , depending on which group you were in , you would have two hours of spanish and one hour of french a week until you decided whether to take modern language as a gcse ( you could take both and keep the same timetable or just have one and have it for three hours a week ) . 
  i do n't know how it is at other schools but god damn i feel let down by the short sightedness of our curriculum . 
  even the freys do n't want to be freys . 
  what , thirty seconds into the interview , he says the men should be fighting assad . 
  that set my warning lights going straight away . 
  nonetheless it 's an interesting angle that we , at least brits , just are n't seeing anymore . 
  i 'm not sure whether this whole situation was a good thing or a bad thing in the run up to our referendum on eu membership . 
  i 'm starting to totter over to the anti-eu camp in all honesty . 
  germany and some of these northern/central states are just fucking bonkers . 
  jesus i can feel the fun being sapped from me . 
  or a white pogrom . 
  i love it how they start cheering when they figure out how to open the gate . 
  was n't it pretty well known that mere months into the civil war that most opposition fighters were n't even from syria ? 
  hot chicks i think . 
  the czech porn industry is apparently booming . 
  what 's that little fleck of orange on the base of the shaft of denmark ? 
  i would actually . 
  i 'd invite him round for a cup of tea and maybe a slice of cake whilst i listen to his stories . 
  why not lop of his hands too ? 
  they must do to live like they do . 
  i 've been reading young stalin and it goes into how georgians are traditionally portrayed as poets and knights . 
  aside from your recent scuffle with russia and mongols stampeding through your territory back in the day there 's not much i know about georgia . 
  oh and we basically share the same flag and saint . 
  it 'll be safer in the british museum . 
   socialism is slavery bit extreme . 
  capitalism is also very famous for creating * actual * slavery . 
  just so you know . 
  transport in general : civil war . 
  you forgot to mention that the tube is the warmest place in the known universe . 
  it 's closer to hell ( even more so than bradford ) in almost every aspect . 
  god damn i wish the raf did shit like this . 
  on the m1n j39 at aproximately ten to eight in the morning . 
  godless : probably because of our belief in the protestant faith . 
  the one true faith . 
  i predict the entire country will be raised upon hydraulic legs and inflatable devices so that they may travel the seven seas . 
  they wo n't be so smug when the sea reclaims them . 
  your country has a lot of pent up anger ... 
  is parsnip a problem in finland ? 
  til, 
  i think the alternate reading still rings true to be fair . 
  crimean war ? 
   invaded invited . 
  you 're welcome . 
  cardiff and snowdon are the two basic places you need to know about wales . 
  cardiff is the regional capital and home to torchwood . 
  the only thing i know about the welsh historical economy is that it was based around resource extraction ( mainly coal and slate i 'd presume ) . 
  when coal went out of style , so did wales . 
  it 's a similar story to much of england and scotland . 
  heavy industry and textiles were a big part of the british economy but due to mismanagement , short term thinking and two large unsustainable wars , it died in the mid-to-late 20th century . 
  back to your point though . 
  cardiff is still regarded as an important city , but i doubt much of its wealth comes from within the region . 
  that 's exactly what i said to my mate . 
  it would take a lot for me to move from where i live now , but the views in wales are to die for . 
  went to a village on the slopes of snowdon , it had one pub , a closed down chippy and a skoda garage . 
  that 's it . 
  you 'd probably be buggered if you wanted a takeaway or something . 
   wales, 
  just a joke . 
  i actually quite like merkel . 
   let the minions fight and burn their finger , she waits until the winning option is clear and only then steps in is n't that how another famous german politician operated ? 
  male , business admin apprentice , borderline alcoholic 3 . 
  travelling,
