  i 'd 've flooded the local area if i had a * dead * one on my head . 
   that said i 'm ( more ) concerned with the situation of the nhs lately ; are n't we all . 
  not much phases me when it comes to cuts and privatisations but i swear to god , the level of apathy when it comes to what 's happening to the nhs it makes my blood boil . 
  well that 's disconcerting . 
  by that very reasoning literally anyone in the military at the time , or working under the companies providing to the military , should also be arrested . 
  yes but i 'm more referring to an actual continent . 
  it 'd be difficult to misrepresent the georgias as a continent . 
   so unless the medic gave the direct order or the accountant participated directly , they are not even on the list . 
  i did , and i agree with the locking up of those directly involved , the medic and accountant i mentioned are n't theoretical and in the past couple of years they were sentenced for being present , i 'm merely pointing out that judicial system is being overzealous in these cases . 
  so the medic , who 's only crime was being there , deserves to be imprisoned in his 90s ? 
  or the accountant who merely did sums ? 
  it 's an over-zealous witch hunt at this point . 
  i 'll give him a watch . 
  cheers . 
  that 's really interesting , but was n't the idea of a southernmost landmass a theory for a very long time ? 
  i tried . 
  i failed . 
  i think the whole ` organised begging ' thing is more prevalent up here than the south . 
  we do n't get many either . 
  it 's an excuse to dress like a slag and get drunk , you mean . 
  seriously , i was out as d.trump last night and i saw two girls who were n't the sexy version of something . 
  i 'm on about the modern trend of locking up oaps . 
  at most it 's people not going trick-or-treating because it 's ` organised begging ' or an american invention to sell shit . 
  i 'm inclined to agree but it 's just a bit of harmless fun other-wise . 
  bonfire night is more relevant in my opinion . 
  surprised they have n't been locked up . 
  i feel more northern than i do british or even english . 
  they could n't afford it . 
  fish supper and heroin comes first . 
  wo n't somebody think of the children !, 
  for real though , people do dumb shit . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  natural selection and all that . 
  it 's my new favourite meme . 
  nsfw tag please . 
  we 've finally exposed the scum-filth that eat that stuff . 
  they 'll be in the tower within a few weeks . 
   i do n't feel welcome . 
  gushing granny should 've been a winner . 
  what fresh cancer is this ? 
  same thing . 
  i mean if there 's ale going then i 'll join regardless . 
  i can already feel the economy benefiting already . 
  it 's okay , i do n't honk my horn . 
  i just tail them and key their car when they leave . 
  we 've already outsourced their cuisine , they have nothing to fear . 
  no , no . 
  it 's got to come up from the diaphragm you useless , gravy-nosed fuck-wit !, 
  well now i do n't know who to believe . 
  sod the clown shit that 's been going off recently , this is fantastic . 
  if jerry could n't do it with a couple of thousand bombers , a handful of suicide bombers certainly wo n't bring the uk to its knees . 
  what 's sturgeon 's chute made of , oil revenue ? 
  that 's alright . 
  i 'm sure the british negotiators will just get louder until they are understood . 
  she 's practically a cruiser is n't she ? 
  i reckon if they hurried up with this railgun everyone seems to be hyping about they may as well call her that . 
  i 'll give it to you that it looks like a concrete blockhouse but that does n't detract from the fact that the zumwalt is fuck ugly . 
  the russians still have the old-navy charm . 
  their cruisers are , in my opinion , the most beautiful ships afloat . 
  i 'm yet to be wooed by a stealth destroyer . 
  and to the u.s 's credit , the nimitz class is a good looking carrier . 
  they 're pretty even . 
  at least the zumwalt does n't disintegrate in seawater though . 
  that overhanging brow . 
  america has no right to call out someone else on shitty looking naval vessels whilst the zumwalts exist . 
  [ could n't find it but i agree with the idea of bigger engines . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjn7lhe83cc ), 
  how seriously can this kind of thing be taken ? 
  like , at what point can you been arrested for denying the genocide , just saying it , joking or does it have to be on some kind of platform ? 
  the tinfoil gimp mask had me in tears . 
  thank you sverige . 
  i 've been too nervous to ask properly . 
  it must be photoshop , it just has to be . 
  down hans , down !, 
   plasma beans it that a heinz only flavour ? 
  it 's rickety fucking cricket from it 's always sunny in philadelphia , has to be . 
  just divert german holiday-makers to the area and knock out two birds with one stone . 
  german tourists get to dig a canal instead of random holes on the beach and eastern poland receives investment . 
  do n't know what ` yer on about . 
  swedes . 
  explain why your king is n't wearing one of his silly hats in this picture . 
  edit : what apostrophe ? 
   threaten not very progressive of him . 
  it almost makes me feel for the terrorist . 
  so dutch . 
  thank god belgium came late to the colonial party . 
  that is the single most garish building i have ever seen . 
  those cathotalibans and there cathlamic ray guns . 
  brexit is great , i 've managed to revive my old hobby of happy-slapping young muslim boys and bulgarians . 
  flegs mean a lot to both norns and erdogan , it 's understandable . 
  i like al murray 's theory that farage 's family is a french sleeper agent cell , planted during the norman conquest to bring the nation to its heels should france require it in the future . 
  who the fuck has bangers and mash for breakfast ? 
  or beans on toast for that matter ? 
  closest you 'll get to either of those is a full english but that 's more like an `` i 'm on holiday '' breakfast . 
  genius , thank you . 
  i can attach the flags to the baltic states but i ca n't remember which one 's which on the map . 
  not going to lie , i sometimes feel the same way . 
  we 're lucky as a nation , we have n't had that much to take the mick out of so it feels weird to us but you 've got to realise that what we 're feeling now is what pretty much everyone else gets on a regular basis . 
  welcome to brexit britain/s, 
  stop inviting normies to our sanctuary !,
