  if it 's not offensive you obviously are n't trying hard enough . 
  man i wish we had these tragedies so i could meet people who give you free beer . 
  it was free right ? 
  that 's vietnam you fucking franch-man, 
  i think we need to replace napoleon for our short jokes . 
  this is the only case i 'll allow turkey to be branded ` european ' for . 
  i miss being cold and wet . 
  take that , achmed !, 
  bureaucracy-man strikes again !, 
  fucking balkans , make it simple and just name the land after who last took it . 
  george michael ? 
  sons of bitches . 
  austria wins the game . 
  well done portubros !, 
  just goes to show how fucking docile our population is that even an overwhelming majority of people will do fuck all about being taken into a war of aggression . 
  so who got scania in the end ? 
  fair does . 
  mate , he has n't got the egg white complexion though . 
  i agree , although i would n't mind the duke of wellington or victoria . 
  i think liz i is pretty fitting . 
  her reign saw the solidification of protestant england and , in my opinion , the beginning of our gradual rise in global prestige . 
  bismark is my favourite . 
  the old walrus has gotten me through some rough patches . 
  awww i 've seen a lot of british politicians speak for remain but they 've only driven me further into leave . 
  ( looking at you clegg ) this one warms the heart . 
  i 've tried telling them but it just agitated them . 
  i mean i did tell them that they should really have sorted their citizenship out ages ago as neither of them have any intention of leaving the uk . 
  it 's their own fault . 
  two of my friends who have dutch citizenship , yet were born and have lived in the uk all their lives , are legitimately terrified of this happening . 
  it 's being used as an appalling scare tactic by some of my fb friends . 
  `` we shall not be removed '', 
  i do n't get what you 're trying to prove . 
  i 've never known west yorkshire to be such a hot topic for such terrible reasons . 
  two negative news sources within a week . 
  feels bad man . 
  then the media jumps on it and labels it a race crime , putting the dad 's ( and all the thugs that would no doubt jump at the chance to do a bit of ` paki-bashing ' of their own ) down as racist bigots ; making the problem even worse . 
  the edl was on about muslim rape gangs back in the late 00s and everyone just laughed at them . 
  there 's a serious justice problem in this country but it wo n't be solved with vigilantism . 
  probably because we 're still experiencing the fallout of jo cox 's murder . 
  a lot of dealers and boy racers in my area drive rented mercs , a lot of them are asian because that 's my area 's dynamic . 
  it 's reasonable that these people are targeted more than others . 
  i 'd rather the police use profiling that has a logical standing than be too caught up pussyfooting around pc politics . 
  i used to get stopped out on the town and in airports a lot . 
  minor inconvenience for the sake of public safety . 
  we 're aware , we just do n't bother learning them . 
   asswholes excellent . 
  it 's only illegal if you get caught . 
  i feel like finland and the uk need a social bonding experience . 
  she 's also an incompetent criminal , a terrible speaker and is a bit of a warmonger . 
  ca n't help but smirk at that . 
  is n't the deadline the 15th ? 
  it 's a time honoured tradition to draw a cock and balls on what you do n't know . 
  or it is for the police commissioner election anyway . 
  well you can but you need their permission . 
  it would be a lot easier if there were some sort of i.d card . 
  oh shit , expect merc to go under in the next year or so . 
  i agree to be honest . 
  we could solve a hell of a lot of problems if some of the more overpopulated areas had lower birthrates . 
  i wondered why whitby abbey was in there , had no idea about german shelling there . 
  i 've heard the argument that it will be more viable when more and more jobs start getting taken on by computers and machines . 
  i mean i can see it happening but not for a long while . 
  eurobeat car chases and beer worshipping dance circles are all i know of the slavs these days . 
  keep it up lads . 
  ha ha , to me it looks so bad that it 's good !, 
  what 's the building in the centre ? 
  it looks like it was made in a game . 
  such high energy !, 
  for now ... the ocean bides its time . 
  i 'm not , i 'm just saying that the reaction is understandable . 
  no one should be protesting the dead like this , either side . 
  i hear the germans do excellent creampies . 
  germany yes !, 
  not like that , i mean if someone protested at an irish memorial . 
  imagine how it would have gone down had this situation been reversed . 
  i 'm imagining the bankers desperately trying to fight off the moose as it ploughs through the building casually liberating swag bags . 
  checked . 
  documented . 
  forgotten . 
  to be fair , the chinese were poisoning our green tea when they sold it to us . 
  85 % i 'm too young to know who gilbert and sullivan is , how the fuck should a foreigner know ? 
  it 's what i do on all the ` equality ' surveys employers hold . 
  every box is the ` i 'd rather not say ' option , for me . 
  sure . 
  no qualms with eu migrants as long as they follow the rules and use the motorways properly . 
  in regards to the latter , i 'm looking at you danes . 
  so we who had nothing to do with the actions of our fathers and grandfathers should pay out ? 
  hop on . 
   `` sharia no go zones '' i mean , i would n't go to bradford ( because it 's shit ) but there are curries i 'd die for there . 
  lets not start , we 're all friends here , 
  nah , they 'll just move the topic to why you do n't spend more on healthcare or something . 
   i 'd be very curious to know how many of the `` jobs '' in the uk are actually zero-hours contracts . 
  i reckon the majority of the jobs that have cut the unemployment statistics are 0 hour . 
  most of them pay dick and would be considered abusive under regular employment law ( not that i 'm an expert , it 's just some of the tales that get told are pretty grim ) . 
  context my friend . 
  germany yes !, 
  merkel , hollande , tsipras ( or greek man ) 3 . 
  various historical politicians . 
  god so many . 
  i 'll have to say mitchell & webb as a duo but sean lock as a standup . 
  love it how the river goes under that park and central area .
