  ca n't handle the banter mate ? 
  it 's a current event , of course it 's going to be heavily focused on . 
  i 'm sure it 's all in good heart , just like portugal and their shit rectangle , germany and the war , france and france . 
  stiff upper lip and all that . 
  thanks brexit . 
  even with all our literal and metaphorical salt !, 
  they 'll have a time when they have to go up against our specially trained suicide bomber monkeys . 
  in response to him . 
  i regret not fucking up his part of the world even more than i did his neighbours . 
  stop oppressing their culture , it 's 2016 for god 's sake . 
  basically gypsies . 
  much more accurate , thank you . 
  bbc is funded by the tv license ( i believe , someone who actually pays the thing could answer better ) but there is the option not to pay it if you do n't have a telly , which a few people have started doing . 
  but it comes free with your subscription !, 
  what 's so hard to understand , it 's free !, 
  i have to visit this country . 
   spring will come again , swallows will return too . 
  nation of poets . 
  hauntingly beautiful . 
  i need more . 
  beware the coup , the gulen , the secularist . 
  haha fair does . 
  i do n't really eat pork sausage though , i prefer beef . 
  really , how so ? 
  let me guess , bland ? 
  nandos is garbage . 
  i 'm pretty sure memes are the only thing keeping it alive . 
  we make up for it in our cakes . 
  we spent four hundred years empire building just to fund our sugar habit , so i 'd hope there would be something you like . 
  that our food is shit . 
  i 'll have you know that we 've nicked all your food and made it our own so you 're just insulting yourselves . 
  i read that in toki wartoof 's voice . 
  there needs to be a serious effort on the part of the global community to shut down the bullshit factory that is saudi arabia . 
  i ca n't think of a single decent thing to come out of that sandy shit-hole . 
  not too bad , we can open up a canal or two to outdo panama . 
  i remember learning about it in my a levels . 
  i can imagine it being very unpleasant . 
  whilst somewhat related , there was an american turbo-prop that made its pilot physically ill and often incapacitated ground crews due to its propeller eschewing a constant sonic boom , even at idle thrust . 
  apparently the tu was much better than its u.s counterpart at the time , it was just too loud . 
  `` outrage as government prioritises the people they are duty bound to serve over those they are not '', 
  whilst i understand the ruckus this causes , i 'd fucking love to see a russian bomber do a flyby . 
  especially a bear . 
  can i use this to get a visa to germany please ? 
  thanks brexit . 
  it 's alright , they can sit out and let us do the deciding . 
  interesting stuff , thanks . 
  what happened in the norwegian group of islands in the arctic ? 
  i assume it 's ww2 related . 
  vile dirty victim shamer . 
  is this how german reproduction begins ? 
  it 's almost as if they 're treating them as sub-humans . 
  feels good to live in the uk . 
  watching that video made the air feel thick . 
  by the articles reckoning , he treated those that came before him . 
  would the nazis be bringing him jews in a * death camp * ? 
  probably not . 
  honestly , what 's the point in wasting resources on these fringe people ? 
  that 's what got them into this mess in the first place . 
  god 's speed demon hunter . 
  old news . 
  will they be paying for boat rides home ? 
  scorcher . 
  my uncle lives out there in one of the coastal tourist villages . 
  he says at least the weather is alright . 
  thanks brexit / s, 
  \\* sensible chuckle \\*, 
  that 's how it 's used over here , to refer to the clothing that covers the face . 
  portugal why ? 
  u wot ? 
  this is why we 're leaving , they just do n't understand !, 
  fairly backwards , in my opinion . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  it 's like ` too many cooks spoil the broth ' , if there 's too much broth the cook ca n't do shit . 
   i 'd rather try to convince them through argument to adopt western values , has n't that been the plan for the past thirty or so years ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  what do you do in the urban parts then , air bnb or something ? 
  does n't hebdo go for anything though ? 
  here here !, 
  yeah it 's the only place i 've been to where i have to second guess people 's nationalities , barring bradford of course . 
  when i was there in 2012 the amount of foreign speakers was amazing , made the place feel like coruscant from star wars . 
  the canadians should be proud of that stereotype . 
  aye , i tend to forgo cities for that reason , although i was in london in 2012 when the olympics were on , it was a lot more pleasant with all the visitors to be honest . 
  i 'd recommend to any tourists not to spend the majority of their time in the cities , the rest of the uk needs love too !, 
  sounds very un-british to me . 
  think they might need some civilising . 
  my mate who lived in boston said that one of his first experiences of uni , in london , was someone telling him to fuck off when he smiled at them on a bus . 
  when he came up to yorkshire he was apparently amazed by how friendly people were . 
  i 'd 've been happy to end the story there but our train then stopped in barnsley . 
  no shit , that 's where most of us came from . 
  knock a third run on that list : the actor who played one of draco malfoy 's goons was also arrested for taking part in the riots . 
  ca n't we force all of them to flee over the bosporus ? 
  2 million million ? 
   captured footage from a secret workout doping widzew fans that 's what chrome managed to translate , so it this like the orthodoxy 's secret ritual for empowering their athletes ? 
  i think it 's the oscars that are n't allowed to be sold privately , you have to ` sell ' it back to the organisation . 
  he might have thought something similar had to be done with olympic medals . 
  aye , i 'm excited for the beasties that are supposed to be reintroduced . 
  that 's what i like about the uk . 
  the weather is shit , but not tsunami or constant heatwave shit . 
  the wildlife is shit , but not go out and get mauled by a bear shit . 
  and the earthquakes are shit , but not in ` my house is falling down ' shit .
