  jotunheim , norway : [ two friends ] ( http://imgur.com/i5111ek ) who made sure we stayed on the right track whilst exploring the lake outside our hostel . 
  ) , norway : [ we stopped to take pictures of a village ] ( http://imgur.com/rp6zeq7 ) but ended up climbing over the side of the road and found this waterfall . 
  pretty nice bed of moss just behind me . 
  i could 've lived there . 
  granddad/ma jonson 's house : [ the latest addition to our family . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/ybxiefd ) a little boston terrier who makes my stomach look much bigger than it actually is . 
  they 're not spectacular by any means but each one has someone/something in it that 's going to make 2016 seem bearable to me . 
  seems a bit daft not changing the latitude . 
  i love this . 
  all very interesting , but when will italy be gibbing reparations to her abandoned colonias ? 
  `` life '', 
  i 'm from west yorkshire and ca n't understand some people from south yorkshire . 
  my northern irish relatives are a complete no go and you buggers down in yer wales can forget it . 
  is this merkel 's plan on handling the migrant crisis ? 
  could you explain that for me ? 
  i did n't understand what he was actually saying . 
  so david bowie did n't die , he 's just delivering presents to western poland . 
  now let me repeat , germany did not in anyway encourage the migrant crisis . 
  belgium officially the gayest country in europe . 
  no salt . 
  no salt . 
  yeah , you 've done such a great job so far mr landed gentry . 
  is that rob stark in the background ? 
  and they said the eu made us closer !, 
  / r/unitedkingdom must leave / r/europe to make its memes sovereign once more !, 
   north korea i think team america ended nk 's dreams of hollywood stardom as quickly as james bond started them . 
  maybe an ideal world , who knows . 
  i just find it funny how germany 's little covert mission to destabilise russia ended up setting the stage for another 70 years of geopolitical mayhem . 
  all it takes is one little communism to fuck up your 20th century . 
  this must just be for pubs . 
  beer is dirt cheap in supermarkets . 
  kek , implying our wage inequality was good before brexit . 
  i had a seizure halfway through reading that . 
  hardly . 
  first , in my opinion . 
  who cares ? 
  if it 's good , use it . 
  i can just imagine it . 
  a twist of bruno and four lions . 
  john lewis btfo again . 
  i 'd like to know how they judged the quality of the roads . 
  i do n't know anyone who is n't pleased with the state they 're in here . 
  london is the zit that needs lancing . 
  nothing , i just appreciate how that language is so similar to my own yet completely different . 
   konfessionsfreie such a beautiful language . 
  angle-land or land of the angles after the people who came here from northern germany alongside the saxons . 
  that 's a german name . 
  interesting . 
  i never really though of it pre greco-roman . 
  always though of it as being ` land of the britons ' or some such . 
  \\* sad trombone \\*, 
   shape form is this ` britain ' you 're referencing ? 
  get a load of mr fancypants and his talent . 
  love it , wish i could do this kind of thing . 
  i 'm pretty content with stick people and basic box houses though . 
  alreet ? 
  aye , yourself ? 
  aye not bad ta . 
  frolicking in the wild . 
  knowing half the people i know that are in college/uni , they could n't be bothered to cook for themselves . 
  youre right , i 'm getting my cities mixed up . 
  right o , always get the two mixed up . 
  was n't that tokyo in general that they avoided bombing ? 
  i wish it actually fit the narrative of lord of the rings . 
  [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/o9sts9s ) is my absolute favourite . 
  may 's plan working nicely . 
  sorry to be pedantic , we do have a written constitution , it just is n't codified . 
   atlas of prejudice now this sounds like a good read . 
  that 's more outside my experience , barring the bushism , but i would n't be surprised . 
  it 's a cheap tactic that just makes me lose respect for people . 
   kanye managed to compare himself to hitler for some reason . 
  kanyes a fuckhead , i 'm not surprised . 
  it 's almost as if internet warriors have spent the last two decades debasing his name to mean anything they do n't agree with . 
  forced . 
  rosetta was two years ago . 
  certainly does n't feel like it . 
  one orchestrated the killing of millions and is regarded as the most evil man to have ever lived . 
  the other killed a few people . 
  i find it funny how people used to live in slums but when they were moved into these highrises that 's when they got really unhappy . 
  guyane has a rather unfortunate acronym . 
  jerusalem shall be our anthem . 
  because they are natural ratters , perfect animal for hunting dirty southerners . 
  at least it has a decent shopping centre i guess . 
  remove scandinavia from premises !, 
  oyyyy, 
  and the country should be renamed yorkshire . 
  york . 
  without a doubt . 
  when we 're displeased with our politicians we can tie them down by the riverside and let it consume them . 
  shit , it 's the fun police !, 
  the creator has obviously followed population ( as depicted by the legend on the right side ) and is done in a way to provide somewhat interesting borders . 
  sounds like a colony . 
   northland c'mon , northumbria . 
  capital : anywhere but fucking manchester . 
  this sounds familiar . 
  manly, 
  the welsh are n't very well documented . 
  we pay them no mind and they do n't give us any trouble , they could have anything over there . 
  i thought your flag was of wales for a second and was n't surprised . 
  leave kevin out of this , he had nothing to do with it .
