  well that just makes things even more tense . 
  whose going to break the tie ? 
   the unofficial or unauthorized use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
  huh . 
  so the british government is not official ? 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just daft . 
  so it 's only terrorism before you win ? 
  are we completely forgetting all of human existence prior to 1807 and how civilians were always a victim of military harassment either through rape and pillage or by being forced into service as they were at copenhagen ? 
  the celts , the romans , the huns , the mongols , the jihads , the crusades , the holy wars , civil wars , petty territorial disputes etc. 
  this article uses the americans as a morale compass for christ 's sake . 
   it might be offensive oh sweden . 
  nice to know jo is still funny . 
  til the uk invented terrorism . 
  shit . 
  quiet denmark , 1807 best year of my life , never forget !, 
  well finland 1 uk 0 i guess . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get it one day , 
  well that 's basically what it is and always was for . 
  a symbol of soviet/russian dominance planted in the historical german nationalist psyche . 
  if if were intended to be anything else it would have been given to poland . 
  easy now , we 're not keen on finnlaw happening . 
  you remind me of the bloke out of vikings . 
  i do n't see how . 
  we do n't use these territories as a geopolitical bargaining tool to threaten our neighbours . 
  no idea , i 've got no problem with it . 
  just seems hypocritical not to mention dutch overseas holdings . 
  and the dutch have none at all ? 
  and here we see the birth of the bork-lish language . 
  has n't merkel said they 're going to repeal the ` offending foreign leaders act ' ^ ^ ^ legitimate ^ ^ ^ phrasing after this ? 
  i mean it should have been overwritten ages ago but at least something is being done with it . 
  really ? 
  as an english person i know absolutely nothing about how europe was a perpetual warzone for centuries . 
  after all , we english are a peaceful people who have never had a qualm with a fellow god fearing nation of white folk / s seriously though . 
  by what i said , i was n't mentioning international relations , i was talking about society and how it provided the basic structure of our nations . 
  more at the base level of society . 
  hence modicum . 
  yes . 
  the christian church provided a modicum of unity in europe and laid the foundation for many of our modern states whilst ensuring that knowledge , although limited , was passed down through monks and nobles . 
  by extension , it also prevented the incursion of muslim invaders from the maghreb and , to an extent , anatolia . 
  without christianity there would be no europe . 
  priorities lads . 
  amusement : working top . 
  kek . 
  sorry , west russia . 
  aw man , wish my roadtrip was magically extended to eastern europe as well , looks so lovely . 
  cmon bro , just post a picture of the meme so i do n't have to read . 
  i could have thrown a sausage in there if i wanted it to be witty . 
  right-wing germans must have the worst parties . 
  do they hold blood sports at the weekends ? 
  it feels very bureaucratic . 
  eh just making a joke , it seem the 5th of november is a bit of a tinderbox for political events then . 
  that opening rhyme triggered me ; the appropriation of british culture . 
  pls remove . 
   england is the big daddy of the uk it 's them damn suthners . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ bias ^ ^ ^ ^ here uk first , then montenegro , then serbia . 
  kosovo 's is n't too bad . 
  cyprus , to me , is the provo of europe . 
   my land is shit . 
  i will not try to make it better , i will leave it to become even shitter . 
  how to solve your problems 101 , run away from them . 
  and then italy has three separate regions all saying the same thing . 
  british tourists are the worst . 
  when i was in college my history/politics class went to berlin to see the cold war/government sites . 
  in the defence of our actions on the first night , we received the news of maggie thatcher 's death as we got in the hotel , so we decided to get blitzed . 
  the drinks in the hotel were too expensive for us students/teacher so we kept going round the corner to the turkish off-licence selling cans for cents . 
  at about 12/1 in the morning me and my mate got back from the now well worn trip to the shop to find our class-mates in the reception . 
  they had managed to get us kicked out of three floors of the hotel by being noisy and disruptive . 
  the night after , our irish classmate managed to hospitalise himself by drinking too much . 
  that 's when it struck me that we were shits . 
  my group was sober from then on and we ended up wanting to kill the rest of the class , they were so damn noisy and obvious in such a calm city . 
  so yeah . 
  sorry berliners of 2013 . 
  i do n't know how i feel about france being lower than us , we 're supposed to be the maungy bastards . 
   should n't be too hard to improve on it, 
  i 've seen a drone that takes out other drones by flying above them and dropping fabric into the blades . 
  should n't be too hard to improve on it . 
  i 'm looking forward to knife fighting drones . 
  safety orange . 
  you 'd think a country the likes of china would have it 's fingers firmly in all military tech pies by now . 
  most uphold the boundaries . 
  i understand her calling it macedonia the first time but she should have apologised and moved on , not acted like a vice reporter . 
  how is it ? 
  there are quite a few dickheads who have made the journey . 
  let 's hope it does n't end as badly as 1941 . 
  i 'd be interested to see who the australia of europe is . 
  yeah , what the hell is with that ? 
  god forbid the lords ever become elected . 
  we do n't need * another * commons . 
  yes . 
  because paying somebody guarantees their loyalty / s, 
  belgium , what are you doing ? 
  please . 
  bit harsh . 
  do n't be salty just because we 're undermining your covert world domination efforts . 
  norway . 
  planning on doing a three week road trip starting there and ending in the netherlands . 
  we picked norway because it looks so damn beautiful . 
  there are those with investment and those without investment . 
  including the rn, 
  yes .
