  also in the present both the army and raf are getting downsized will the rn recently got up sized . 
  because our needs for defence are not what almost the entirety of the rest of europe needs . 
  we are an island , navy comes first . 
  the rest of europe is a subcontinental landmass connected to russia . 
  the eu will prioritise defence for the majority ( army ) which is understandable but will leave us vulnerable . 
  we also have a good reason to fear handing over our defence to nations who we have good historical reasons to believe produced sailors of inferior skill to our own . 
  the eu is gunna be fine , shit always flys its just not all in our direction for once . 
  its figurative , the wording is fine . 
  feel sorry for the mother . 
  not the daughter though , stupidity is a crime and a punishment . 
  your empires gone belgium , stop pretending your relevant on your own and join the single currency !, 
  right but they would instead look for the verb that they need to imply `` we '' and within a camp of hundreds are we saying upon not finding it they did not ask some one else ? 
  or people did not correct them or did not question them threatening people , alerting them to their error ? 
  whether its `` or die '' or `` or we die '' its a simple statement and hard to mistranslate so im inclined to consider it the former . 
  i feel like people are over reacting to me not liking a flag . 
  eu flag is a bit bland . 
  needs a redesign . 
  then its not as good as the one i thought you told . 
  can lead a horse to water but ca n't make it drink metaphor `` ever heard or water boarding ( referring to people ) '' is a dark humour joke that works on several levels . 
  its something that was exposed to happen to militants of islam which is relevant to the topic of the thread . 
  its also a plays on the metaphor about water . 
  im sorry your joke did pass me , it seems i expected it to be smarter than ( paraphrased ) : turn of phrase , involving water and horse `` method to force horse to drink '', 
  `` you can lead a horse to water but you ca n't make it drink . '', 
  is a saying its not meant to be taken literally , it means you ca n't force people to do what they do n't want to . 
  you know this because your joke i assumed was dark humour . 
  not `` lol horses '' . 
  my reply was a continuation of this . 
  the irony being after you claiming i did n't get your joke , your now implying you do n't understand a turn of phrase rather than admitting your attempt to put me down was misplaced . 
   but this pathetic attempt of face-saving is just getting ridiculous . 
  do you want me to pat you on the back ? 
  what would make you feel satisfied ? 
  if fry called you , and told you it was a good joke ? 
   anyhow , i wasted enough time with a silly joke and your enormously overinflated ego . 
  adios wow calm down . 
  `` racists little englanders '' british will do fine thanks . 
  really thats what your going with ? 
  sarcasm \u02c8s\u0251\u02d0kaz ( \u0259 ) m / noun noun : sarcasm ; plural noun : sarcasms the use of irony to mock or convey contempt . 
  i was continuing your line i dunno why you got your nickers in a twist , i just used / s to make it obvious i was not being serious . 
  century , singular . 
  thank you . 
  yes lets torture people till they conform to our culture / s edit : people are of the opinion i did not get the joke because i labelled my post / s as not to get banned . 
  had i left my post as just `` yes lets torture people till they conform to our culture '' people would have assumed i got it and was being sarcastic . 
  but in labelling it as sarcasm people assume im being passive aggressive , im not i just did not wish for people to misconstrue what i said and as a result receive a backlash . 
  i also appreciate the irony of this situation lol . 
  you can lead a horse to water but you ca n't make it drink . 
  ah ok , needs to be done . 
  ever since the second world war we have had delusions of land power and focused to much on the army and raf when we need the fleet back . 
  actually they are shrinking the raf , even selling off some typhoons which seems kinda a waste . 
  not to much of a difference , other that we will be able to project power better . 
  kinda, 
  also schengen is not all europe passing a law on those outside of it because a problem within it ai n't fair . 
  already is , commonwealth realms and normal member states . 
  the realms are the nations who accept the queen as head of state . 
  why is this anything to do with the eu , im pro gun control but surely this fucks over country 's with primarily militia based militarys . 
  john simpson says things are getting worse and they used to be better which implys the opposite to what your saying . 
  read the article in future rather than shouting imperialism at anything negative about the british . 
  little risk of the people he is talking about reading it . 
  yeah but english is n't your first language im assuming , and your pritty good at it so do n't worry about it . 
  im also dyslexic which makes punctuation and spelling a living nightmare . 
  its the internet people argue past each other all the time . 
  the importance of this exchange is we brought it back from the brink , politely argued our points then came to a mutual understanding  . 
  hope the rest of your day is good , thank you for being patient and understanding . 
  thanks im glad we could agree  . 
  i think your also right about the normans it was the 100 years war that prompted the ruling norman nobility to stop speaking french and truly forged english as a language . 
  it was the tudors who where the first to push english naval power , henry 8 had a thing for big ships with lots of guns so much so the biggest one built the mary rose has so many ports fun guns to fire out it let to much water in and sank just outside the harbour lol . 
  calais was known as `` the staple port '' its purpose was to funnel all trade from the continent through it in order to tax it , the flemish reeeeeeeeaaaaaally hated this . 
  ok so premise was sound but wording was of :p . 
  ok well the hundred years war did n't end english occupation of french territory 's it just ended the english aquitane , calais in particular was held long after . 
  as to resources the actual hundred years war was not that bad the territory gained was far more valuable than anything lost , french farm land was vastly superior and was not ravaged by the wars of the roses ( civil wars around the same period and inspiration for game of thrones ) you are however right but about wars preceding them mainly england 's failed attempts to retake territory lost to the french by joining a war against them in favour of the hapsburg 's . 
  such as henry the 8th 's two failed attempts one alone which cost the english crown 2 million pounds which according to the national archives rivals around 615 million in todays money . 
  which is apparently 3,901,670,700 leu i believe ? 
  ok id agree as a general rule we tried to not get involved in a continental land war ( as you probably know whether with france , spain , however else ended up being costly ) but there are occasions we did . 
  for example the napoleonic wars culminated in an invasion of france by us and allied forces successfully . 
  however all that aside you need to consider it from the perspective of an island nation . 
  to british people there is no real difference between the continent or colonies , its still across the sea either way . 
  as an island nation direct confrontation to us happens at sea , which between us and france . 
  a land analogy is as follows we have a castle on a hill across a valley france has on a hill , a castle . 
  neither can take each others castles so we meet in the valley fight and we win , that ca n't really be called avoiding them . 
  i think `` avoided '' is essentially the issue although its now clear you meant to imply gave up claims to the french throne/territory ? 
  avoided on its own implys total aversion of confrontation , which is what it sounded like . 
  do n't worry i did n't mistake your flag . 
  admittedly before joining this subreddit i probably would not have recognised as romanian but i could tell it was not french . 
  right admittedly my last message the tone was wrong so i apologise , but my point was as a joke it does n't work so i assumed it to be ( shock horror :p ) some one was wrong on the internet . 
  and as such i then concluded the intended tone was condescension rather than mocking . 
  for example : `` is n't it funny how banana 's are blue '' does not really work as a joke because banana 's are not blue . 
  observational humour obviously requires the observation to be correct and as your neither french nor british there 's good reason you do n't know how often we had a punch up . 
  in the same way i am ignorant of romania 's past punch ups . 
  so again i apologise for my tone , i did not recognised the premise of your joke and as such mistook it for some thing else . 
  sorry i thought it was a bitter comment because its wrong , i did n't notice it as a joke . 
  coz if this is avoiding france i dunno what ai n't : norman invasion of england , ( 1066 ) anglo-french war , ( 1109-1113 ) anglo-french war , ( 1116-1119 ) anglo-french war , ( 1123-1135 ) anglo-french war , ( 1159-1189 ) anglo-french war , ( 1202-1204 ) anglo-french war , ( 1213-1214 ) anglo-french war , ( 1242-1243 ) anglo-french war , ( 1294-1298 ) anglo-french war , ( 1300-1303 ) the hundred years ' war ( 1337-1453 ) anglo-french war , ( 1337-1360 ) anglo-french war , ( 1369-1373 ) anglo-french war , ( 1412-1420 ) anglo-french war , ( 1423-1453 ) anglo-french war , ( 1475 ) anglo-french war , ( 1488 ) anglo-french war , ( 1489-1492 ) anglo-french war / war of the holy league . 
  ( 1510-1513 ) anglo-french war , ( 1521-1526 ) anglo-french war , ( 1542-1546 ) anglo-french war , ( 1549-1550 ) anglo-french war , ( 1557-1560 ) anglo-french war , ( 1589-1593 ) anglo-french war , ( 1627-1628 ) anglo-french war , ( 1666-1667 ) anglo-french war / war of the grand alliance , ( 1689-1697 ) anglo-french war , ( 1702-1712 ) anglo-french war / war of austria succession , ( 1744-1748 ) anglo-french war , ( 1749-1754 ) anglo-french war / seven years war , ( 1755-1763 ) american revolution ( 1779-1783 ) wars of the french revolution , ( 1792-1802 ) austro-prussian invasion of france , ( 1792 ) war of the first coalition , ( 1792-1798 ) war of the second coalition , ( 1798-1801 ) war of the oranges ( 1801 ) the napoleonic wars , ( 1802-1815 ) including : anglo-french war ( 1803-1814 ) peninsular war ( 1807-1814 ) totally avoiding each other . 
  you probably should have read it , it was more a message about considering are attitude to the french as symptomatic of our rivalry which in itself is a sign of respect . 
  it was not about `` war fuck yeah ! '', 
  yeah sorry i was implying we generally are pragmatic rather than positive . 
  quotation marks , or i suppose air quotes in this instance . 
  positivity is not that common part of british culture unlike pragmatism . 
  britain has for about 1000 years and still does consider france its primary rival though generally its a friendly rivalry these days . 
  you have always been close to parity in economic and military power with us , and our conflicts have shaped the world from north america to asia . 
  you are and probably always will be our competitor and therefore the yardstick we judge ourselves by . 
  so yes we will relish every time we beat you , exaggerate every one of your mistakes , and do incredibly outrageous accents when we take the piss .
