  this however is evidence we consider you a threat and as such ca n't help but respect you . 
  sincerely roast beef . 
  some what misleading as i think it would be close to impossible `` identify '' some one who did come as a refugee , its not like they are going to have their real id / id at all . 
  nor can they be recognised by people . 
  `` majority of attackers identified as european '' would have been less misleading . 
  till the referendum then we will get beaten with the solidarity stick again . 
  `` still did n't answer about the bet . '', 
  -  i have no wish to derive pleasure from a nations perceived failure . < - ok ill explain , i found it bad form to gamble over peoples potential miss fortune . 
  as such i addressed the bet . 
  `` also , why do n't you argue the premise and economic sense of leaving the union '' why ? 
  i was not arguing this point , my point was you are a sterling example of the fact there is no solidarity in the eu . 
  facts are observable , unless you can see in the future its conjecture not facts . 
  you could be right , you could be wrong this is a correction of your use of a word btw . 
  as i said before finland 's economic situation not my point . 
  `` where is the pleasure '' conflating two separate things i said there . 
  `` maybe reddit should open a save space for economically butthurt people . '', 
  if thats what you think you need . 
  ( psst that 's a wry remark like my first one ), 
  i have no wish to derive pleasure from a nations perceived failure . 
  if your a representation of a european federalists i want no part in it . 
  i never said we did , i was responding to some one who claimed people got through our external borders all the time . 
   since when is solidarity preventing others what they want to do was not referring to that , rather the `` i want you to fail '' attitude . 
  and people wonder why british people question european solidarity . 
  sorry i misconstrued i assumed we where still talking about external ones . 
  none from raf dhekelia they famously complained about being trapped there , as the british gov will not accept asylum applications from there and they are not allowed to leave . 
  gibraltar is possible i guess but the spanish make is as difficult as possible to get through the border there and fully patrol it as they are trying to get the uk to give it up . 
  however `` ultimately , if the union shall fail , the radicals succeed . '', 
  is still hyperbole . 
  so to answer my question , no not explicitly . 
  thats the british model except its senior school not high-school . 
  the american version is high-school -  college/university . 
  a uni in american uni is a collection of colleges providing a wider variety of degree 's . 
  for example stanford is a uni comprising of seven colleges , for example doing a degree in business you would graduate from stanford graduate school of business , not stanford uni . 
  has isis at any point explicitly said it wishes to end the eu ? 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
  putin funding euro skeptics , come on  . < . 
  also let me be clear i do not believe the eu to be a pipe dream . 
  spies gunna lies , spies got ta spy . 
  college and uni are different things , nice try . 
  emotions run high on the continent , italy , france and spain have hundreds of years of culture based around passion i doubt thats going to change . 
  external borders , i.e. 
  gibraltar and raf dhekelia not calais . 
  maybe not , but why not give it the old college try eh ? 
  temperance is a quality hard to maintain on the continent , close borders cause political reverberations like tidal forces carrying them people down stream than they intended . 
  germany for quite some time has been caught up in it all . 
  demonisation of minority 's during ww2 was partly a result of it and likewise the backlash ( deserved ) swept germany socially farther in the other direction which again is causing a backlash and a turn in the tide . 
  german needs pragmatism more than ever before . 
  a workable solution no doubt both sides will hate . 
  unfortunately this is unlikely to happen as germany is governed by a politician who 's only policy is appeal to public sentiment . 
  i agree when did people stop using `` bitter '' ? 
  im not angry the eu does nothing , my original point was the eu does little if anything at all to change a nations diplomatic standing contrary to what many people on this sub reddit seem to think . 
  the idea that britain 's relevance in global affairs is some how tied to the eu is bogus . 
  yes it means the eu achieves bugger all in regards to diplomatic power overseas . 
  why would they be locked out ? 
  assad is russia 's puppet regime , by default russia can not be excluded . 
  it is by nature a negotiation between russia and the us , if you exclude russia its not a negotiation . 
  yeah fuck striving to improve/keep your standing we should just accept mediocrity and join the rest of europe . 
  partially as regard to london but remember we have free trade with the us and london is preferable to new york because its looser regulations . 
  the eu is only part of the appeal of london . 
  its also quite likely free trade will be established after all its western country 's in the 21st century . 
  `` good thing then that you started dismantling them in the 80s . '', 
  evidence ? 
  the us is locking out all major powers of the eu from negotiations on syria specifically because of the refugee crisis . 
  it some what detracts from the argument that the uk is irrelevant outside the eu if in that argument you make the eu out to be irrelevant also . 
  also the assad regime was a russian satellite its not a case of `` even russia '' when they supplied the assard regime with weapons for free with the purpose of dissuading western anti-assad air strikes . 
  nobody is under the delusion the empire still exists , he said we are a nuclear power ( we are , its also unlikely to change ) , he said we have soft power ( we do though that might change ) , seat on unsc ( again not gunna change ) , bases/territory 's ( again true , and unlikely to change ) , aid budget ( might change depending on economy ) , army ( will change but navy is on the improve ) , city of london ( unlikely to change as its company 's in the city of london pushing for out ) , economy ( profit margins will be hit but its not like all our manufacturing , infrastructure , and education are going to disappear over night ) , and yes un commonwealth nato etc. 
  there are degrees of success between has an empire and mediocre . 
  totally not contrived / s. 
  what do you mean still ? 
  ** at no point have i claimed anything of the sort !, 
  ** read what i write , and take that and only that from it . 
  i 'm not the op . 
  in correcting the falsehood some one spouts to oppose him does not mean i hold the opinion of the op , but rather find fault with the belief earthing wires are required because of `` insane wiring '' in british homes . 
  oh ok , well if others saw it that way it might explain the down votes . 
  ill edit my post to be more clear in that respect . 
  ... . what ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  the previous poster said the only reason they had earth wiring was because wiring in british homes is `` insane '' i merely pointed out its not because of the wiring in the home but in the appliance . 
  such a large scale makes me think this is organised , or is it some kind of internet fad ? 
   insane wiring in older british homes erm no , it was there in case of a fault in the appliance causing a short . 
  earth wiring was to prevent a appliance becoming live . 
  edit : has been edited for clarity . 
  `` in shocking news , survey shows people 's vague estimates are not correct '', 
  you realise we where not allowed to join before that right ? 
  because charles de gaulle kept vetoing it . 
  its more like that friend you tell to arrive late so you can make the choice without them . 
  well you might want to rephrase your op then . 
  right but first you ca n't say for certain they have failed the vote is not till 23rd , that 's counting your chickens before their hatched . 
  not really , the point of mp 's is they are elected to represent those who elected them . 
  we have had a very similar discussion before where you posited that the uk should leave the eu because it gets outvoted all the time . 
  my point was you ca n't throw the dolly out the pram every time you get outvoted that 's how democracy 's work . 
  you pick an mp who represents your view points then if they win till the next election they do so . 
  its how democracy is supposed to work , switching sides or giving up because your outvoted is not ok . 
  the point of democracy is every one 's view points are represented then voted on . 
  it feels like you get annoyed their view point is represented even though you think they will not win . 
  the point of it all remember is representation either by vote or mp , not every one getting their own way . 
   a late evening meal was introduced for muslims observing ramadan  when ramadan started the situation reportedly became worse , and staff at the site were spat at and pelted with shoes . 
  i read it perfectly well thank you , my point was they are all ungrateful and no one should get special treatment . 
  why do you assume malice ? 
  rather than oh i dunno say , a difference of opinion ?
