  '' `` those who sacrifice liberties for security deserve neither . '', 
  ben franklin . '', 
  sound bytes rarely stand up to scrutiny no matter who said them . 
  this for example can be countered by one question , are you an anarchist ? 
  if no , well then you do not agree with this statement . 
  societally we have agreed generally that we are willing to sacrifice some liberties for security even old ben himself . 
  after all what do you think the law is ? 
  from drink driving to killing some one , we have agreed these are things should not be acceptable in case we become the victim of them . 
  we even go so far as taking away the freedom of people committing these acts in order to protect ourselves . 
  it sounds great though does n't it ? 
  but the problem is not that you believe in freedom and im a facist . 
  the difference is i believe people who have been checked and seem to pose no harm may come here . 
  according to what you have written your position is you and yours are entitled to come and go regardless of their character and or crimes . 
  but people who are n't you should be held to `` more strict australia-like migrant laws '' . 
  most people do n't though and those that do probably watch a lot of american tv . 
  yeah because passport control is kryptonite to the law abiding . 
  / s schengen is about convenience , the only people ( not businesses ) that benefit from it are impatient . 
  `` just as here they made it into the uk even though it has border control '' it can only stop non eu citizens , the point of the article is the freedom of movement in the eu created a hole for these people to walk through because they are eu citizens . 
  even if proper border controls only caught 1 of these people then i would be ok with a longer line and times , as it potentially saved some one . 
  `` i refuse to live in a new iron curtain and i wont let no migrants make me live like in the cold war . '', 
  wow hyperbole much ? 
  im also guessing you never lived during the actual cold war . 
  makes more sense to americans , we say 24th of march rather than the other way around . 
  the irony is all nations on america are more colonial than we are , i mean logically people born in britain are descendants or likely to be descendants of people who did n't colonise other counties but stayed home . 
  where as the white majority in america are all likely to be descended from people who you know colonised those places . 
  argentina according to its own census has an indigenous population of 2.85 % http://estadisticas.tierradelfuego.gov.ar/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/pueblos_originarios_noa.pdf calling us colonialists is the pot calling the kettle black . 
  have you not heard every one in america is either irish or scottish ? 
  how , when ? 
  if your implying over the empires entire course compared to 12 year period that 's not a fair test . 
  show one point in history britain killed 11 million people in 12 years . 
  because it was no where near as bad a nazi germany ... its was bad but for gods sake we never systematically exterminated 11 million people in the name of the `` master race '' . 
  or make your own . 
  what kind of attitude is that ? 
  imagine in ww2 if the french where of the opinion `` hmm no local resistance cells , i could form my own but i ca n't be bothered ill just move to spain and leave my family behind with the nazi 's '' / s its not like they would not get support , i mean do you think an anti-assad/isis/russia pro democracy group would not get cash from the cia ? 
  isis etc did not magically pop into existence they had to start some where , why are we tolerating `` good men '' standing idle rather than standing up to intolerance and fighting for freedom ? 
  democratically elected representatives representing the interests of their constituents ? 
  omg what has the world come to , will some one not think of the children !, 
  the child we are proud of . 
  right but thats the cia , i meant imperial powers as in the ones who openly conquered said countries in the name of empire . 
  imperial powers did not make the middle east worse they just stopped it from getting better . 
  social stagnation i suppose is the correct term . 
   greece and the eurozone crisis are a symptom of a lacking fiscal policy , and the resulting intergovernmental approach has gone its usual realpolitical course where national interests rule supreme . 
  that 's always going to be the case , politicians represent those who elected them whether in a federal or current europe or a local/national scale . 
   once you want a common currency , you can not do without fiscal policy . 
  yes which begs the question why it was done in the first place without one . 
  i would assume it was seen as a stepping stone towards federalism . 
  and in making it they can now justify something they wanted then as a solution to the problem they made now . 
  all of which can not happen as along as countries maintain their independence , which is necessary to maintain the eu through the principle of limited sovereignty . 
  a system necessary to prevent political dominance of any one nation over europe in order to prevent another world war . 
  a flexible eu allows powerful country 's to exercise their influence over europe through soft power , political and financial incentives and gives smaller powers a degree of liberty to say no . 
  there are 28 countries in the eu , slightly less languages and more cultures . 
  the only way to keep that all together is a flexible system which gives some countries the power to say no . 
  imagine the current crisis where instead of being able to say no eastern europe had to tow the current line of western europe , do you honestly think that would not result in violence ? 
   similarly , this is true for schengen . 
  if you have a common movement area , you must protect external borders . 
  not being able to do so , for whatever reason , will yield current situation . 
  schengen is a convenience it offers nothing but hassle free travel . 
  uk citizens though not being in schengen still have the ability to travel and work/live any where in europe , the only difference being they need to go through a border . 
   it is perfectly valid to have an isolationist or nationalist stance , but once you do accept the benefits of a european policy , you must prepare to defend these benefits ( common currency , common movement area ) . 
  isolationist is hyperbole i doubt any body is in the 21st century . 
  the last decade or so of eu interaction for the uk has been us saying we think its a bad idea ( common currency/movement area ) , getting demonised for it . 
  then migrants cross europe unimpeded right after a euro-zone crisis , you can see why we might be a bit sceptical about a closer union right ? 
   that is what i 'm arguing for : you want a common good , then defend that common good together . 
  there is no common good , one size does not fit all . 
  cultural and local differences mean something we have a perfect example of this the fisheries policy which had to be reformed to give back more power locally . 
   regarding military , i concede that the uk is better prepared than i believed it to be . 
  thank you . 
   i think you misunderstood something . 
  to me , the entire crisis is n't just the syrian civil war , but an immigration crisis , or better the problem of securing our sea borders . 
  as i have pointed out , it is there to stay . 
  i agree that for just the syrian civil war , a navy in the sense of , say , the navy of a nation state will not be created in due time . 
  for the entirety of the immigration crisis , i believe it will be possible , because that is something we 'll have to bother with for at least the next 20-30 years , if not longer . 
  futhermore , in the process of creating this navy , we can reach steps which will allows us to tackle the current crisis . 
  well ok but your initial post does not imply that . 
   it 's not a `` potential wars '' argument , but a one in favour of a stable european neighbourhood . 
  you do not require potential war to dislike the idea of an unpredictable environment . 
  it is bad for trade , for the economy and demands higher investment in security and military . 
  this is not an argument against reforming the eu , but an argument against letting things spiral out of control where nobody is able to prepare for the outcome because the outcome is , quite frankly , unknown . 
  greece , poland , refugee crisis , euro-zone crisis . 
  no such thing as stable , things change its the reality we live in . 
  the eu helped some problems and exasperated others , the eu is not a catch all solution to all issues . 
   the uk still has good capabilities , compared to other european countries . 
  but the falklands where during the cold war and the operation is barely comparable to the utilisation of military to engage a densly-populated country with people hostile to britain . 
  yes falklands are different in that regard . 
  i used them however as an example of british ability to power project . 
  also it was the 1980 's thats not that long ago . 
  yes `` in iraq and afghanistan , britain had the united states , the logistical behemoth of our age to provide any help needed . '', 
  but we did n't need it . 
  britain shipped out all its own equipment , maintained it all , reinforced itself etc. 
  i think your projecting a reflection of the situation you feel your military or potentially the state of continental army 's ability to power project . 
  our military is close to the size of germany 's but we spend 20 billion dollars more on it . 
  and if you do n't believe me ill quote professor malcolm chalmers , director of uk defence policy studies at the renowned royal united services institute :  not least , the uk has greater capability than china for operating at range . 
  china ( and even more so other asian powers ) remain focused on their immediate neighbourhoods , with limited capabilities for power projection . 
  this is likely to change over the next decade . 
  for now , though , china would still be out-matched qualitatively in a ` straight fight ' with the uk in an equidistant location ( the south atlantic ? 
  the gulf ? 
  ) , and would be unable to mobilise a force big enough to outweigh this quality gap . 
  china 's quantitative advantages would come into play in the event of a conflict in its own neighbourhood -- and its qualitative weaknesses would be less important , though still significant . 
  so my statement was never meant to imply that the uk could outmatch china off the latter 's own coastline . 
  and john burgess , former us diplomat with experience primarily in the middle east :  in terms of power projection , the uk is usually ranked in the top five of nations .
