  wow people go outta their way for you and you spit and throw things at them then burn the place down , what great manners / s. 
  next time they expect a late meal they should just get a plate with a piece of paper on it saying `` welcome to a secular society '' . 
  as if to prove a point they seem to have down voted your comment lol . 
  he is a from yorkshire . 
  their yorkshireman sketch , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy4td2hbg_a, 
  does not really work , african tribes are not exactly known for covering up . 
  true but given the state of british print media thats not saying much , even the times these days is just murdoch 's spin machine . 
  the fish and chips and ugly thing we get a lot and is generally accepted as a joke , and there are other jokes to make about the ridiculous parts of our culture ( morris dancers for example ) . 
  the hurtful bit was them effectively calling us uncivilised , that 's not just poking fun at a bit of our culture but all of it even the good bits . 
  its something we also are used to but rarely as a joke but a generally a sincerely meant insult from continentals . 
  so even if it was meant in a light hearted way , experience would colour our perception of it . 
  making fun our our food is fair enough , beauty is subjective and therefore its ok to make jokes about it . 
  however , calling some one uncivilised is cruel and demeaning . 
  without id as proof of either eu or british citizen ship they can not get benefits . 
  all they can get is work and that is available all over the eu . 
  wooden wall , yaaaaaaaay !, 
  illegal migrants get nothing more here than they would elsewhere , they just think they do . 
  i live in a nation comprised of 4 separate country 's who most of the time speak the same language and have hundreds of years of shared history and culture . 
  and yet each country has a separate independence movement not to mention the smaller ones like cornwall . 
  forgive me if i think forming a ever closer union out of 26 existing nations with as many if not more cultures and languages is a bad idea , and the people who think it possible dangerously naive . 
  what we have though becoming less flexible by the day is working , and to push it further in the name of idealism seems stupid . 
  if it ai n't broke do n't fix it . 
   if david cameron denied another independence referendum after brexit , essentially forcing us to leave the eu , that would be a huge boost to the independence movement . 
  scottish people get a vote to , its democracy you get outvoted tough luck . 
  democracy does not mean getting what you want regardless of others . 
  the irony seems to be lost on people that although ukip and the snp are opposed on this issue they are motivated by the same things and act likewise . 
  they are the exact same fucking party really , just they whine about different people who outvoted them . 
  not to mention the fact the independence referendum was conducted when a eu referendum was already promised its not like it came out of the blue . 
   can you think of anything more likely to convince people to vote yes to independence than david cameron saying you are not allowed to vote on it ? 
  i feel like your coming from a biased position the people who campaigned to stay will probably get pissed they have to do it again . 
  the people who wanted out will get pissed at it and every one will become entrenched in their positions . 
   after that all the independence camp would have to do is bide their time before westminster eventually caves in . 
  the snp is far too dominant a force in scottish politics to allow the issue to be ignored or swept under the rug by westminster if this scenario was to pan out . 
  could be decades . 
  no you said  i know , that is what i said ... you may have known that , but you did n't say that . 
  right ... but my previous reply was in contention to  i know , that is what i said ... because i did n't repeat anything you said but took a contrary position . 
  you said the houses of parliament would be forced to accept that . 
  i said they would n't . 
  not really , the previous referendum went ahead with westminster 's permission without it any vote could be claimed invalid . 
  might cause a few riots and potentially terrorist action but those would only turn public opinion against them . 
  not to mention salmond himself said it `` once in a lifetime '' vote so they will just regurgitate that . 
  `` no doubt you do n't support military intervention '' its phrased as a question although he did not use a question mark . 
  i suppose the only person who could clarify is the op and i doubt he is likely to . 
  in directly responding to arguments made its not a straw man . 
  we were the hipster of republics we did it before it was cool . 
  does not give a link to the original statement if it was translated . 
  `` i 'm sure the deserters will not be welcomed with open arms , '' translation edit : i think, 
  even if you ignore the contrary nature of the british public , this just makes the situation worse . 
  just shows what you truly think of the exemption from an ever closer union , when you call us `` deserters '' . 
  seems its not worth the paper it was printed on . 
  ok so the reich church appears to be a nazi church , now the bad party is the nazi bit . 
  otherwise from the link you provided i could not see after a quick skim any mention of the word conquest let alone violence . 
  if you mean to imply because they are nazi 's they committed violent acts , then by your on unintentional admission that 's because their nazi 's not because they are christian . 
  to quote your own link on the lra  robert gersony , in a report funded by united states embassy in kampala in 1997 , concluded that `` the lra has no political program or ideology , at least none that the local population has heard or can understand . 
  '' [ 72 ] the international crisis group has stated that `` the lra is not motivated by any identifiable political agenda , and its military strategy and tactics reflect this . 
  '' [ 11 ] irin comments that `` the lra remains one of the least understood rebel movements in the world , and its ideology , as far as it has one , is difficult to understand . 
  '' [ 30 ] im an athiest for the record and i think christianity has a lot to answer for , but i do think in regards to religious holy wars its done . 
  the last crusade i think was in 1487 i doubt there will be another . 
  hundreds of years ago = / = now, 
   i 'm sorry but ... uk song was well typical boy band song . 
  to quote myself `` as mediocre as ours was '' i was under no delusions about our entry . 
   much better singer than both of them , even though she fucked up at the live shows . 
  contradictory , also pointless its about the live show not about studio recorded performances . 
  people just like croatia more . 
  also it is political remember russian booing incident ? 
  it got more points in the semi final than we did in the final lol . 
  22 to our 14 that year . 
  ok so it was a bad day for her , so thats understandable why her performance was off . 
  but not why we still scored lower . 
  just send her again next year with a song called `` fuck you uk '' and she will win for definite . 
  croatia 's entry did n't even keep tune and we came behind em . 
  as mediocre as ours was i do n't think its all about the music . 
  next year i vote we send a sock puppet that just blows raspberrys for 2 minutes straight . 
  did she go to eton as well ? 
  this is so stupid . 
   nonsense governments spend what they dont have all the time no governments borrow money , they then * have * that money . 
  greece can not borrow because no one is lending them the money . 
  the bailouts require greece to cut spending and reform so they are . 
  the greek government currently has 2 choices barring grexit , either cut spending or go bankrupt . 
   although you would have to search to know that . 
  i made no claims about the uk 's current budget deficit nor is it relevant to greece 's current situation . 
  so i have literally no idea where you get off having such a patronising attitude . 
  got it the wrong way round regardless greece can not simply print money unless it leaves the euro . 
  got it mixed up have edited as appropriate . 
  printing money causes inflation . 
  edit : i got inflation and deflation mixed up have corrected . 
  the result is the greek government still ca n't do anything about it ? 
  causes inflation to the extent it counters any money produced , the point is however it gives them money they can control but devalues that which they do not . 
  edit i got inflation and deflation mixed up have corrected . 
  causes inflation to the extent it counters any money produced , the point is however it gives them money they can control but devalues that which they do not . 
  sorry but what do you think they can do ? 
  governments can not magic money out of thin air , they probably thought they could get a deal and failed . 
  it does not matter on the ideology you ca n't spend money you do n't have . 
  if you want to blame some one blame the people who lied about greece 's economic situation in order to get into the euro or those currently strangling it to recoup their losses , even if it means greece dies . 
  not sure where to put this but has any one noticed australia appearing in russia on the map ? 
  it lead to the glorious revolution and parliament inviting william of orange to `` invade '' and take the throne . 
  yeah but during that period our chief rival was still france . 
  meh very one sided in most of those cases . 
  in they probably have reasons to hate us but their not really on our radar as rivals . 
  only after j\u00f6rmungandr eats the world .
