  but i do see your point . 
  it however remains that the pressure on your border would be relieved slightly if others maintained theirs . 
  i was obviously speaking directly about people going from africa 's north coast straight to the french south coast ( hence why i was talking about the med/mediterranean ) , to point out its bs . 
  most if not all go to spain or italy then across land . 
  i do n't doubt the pyrenees/alps are hard to patrol but they are no doubt equally hard to cross . 
  all of which is entirely irrelevant as nobody does either when they can just waltz through the borders . 
  also every country has to patrol their border day and night , regardless of weather ... that is normal for any nation state . 
  the following is more pedantry than specifically related to the topic . 
  i 'm an experienced sailor and i have lived on the south coast of england my entire life . 
  though its fair to say the med has more intense storms than the channel they are not more consistent . 
  the med in my experience has 2 states : flat as a pancake and `` omg we ca n't baton down the hatches the wind ripped them off '', 
  you said france has little control of its borders , i was saying if we can stop em crossing the channel its not harder for france stopping em cross the med . 
  the point being they do n't cross the med to france they cross it to spain etc. 
  sorry but crossing the med to france is far harder than crossing to the uk ? 
  i call bollocks partially because the the crossing from africa to france is much further , people have successfully swum the channel . 
  the south coast of france is also smaller than that of the uk 's south coast and therefore one would assume more easily patrolled by the coast guard . 
  lets be honest they get there through schengen either through spain or italy maybe even greece . 
  where we in schengen there would be nothing stopping em jumping on a train and heading on over , being an island would not help in that regard . 
  britain said no to schengen because it would cause porous borders and would have negative impact . 
  it was no bloody surprise when it did . 
  now suffering the burden of a bad choice france blames us because we are not in schengen and therefore not burdened instead of them . 
  the solution must be to keep passing the burden down the line right ? 
  heaven forbid people people have to deal with the minor hassles of border checks in order to maintain them , or admit britain was right . 
  i bet if you got rid of schengen you would see a drop in the numbers of migrants attempting the journey , as they would realise they would have to pass through several borders rather than just one . 
  also whether its a camp or a refugee centre its no more or less burden on us , they are gunna try to get the the uk regardless of whether france feeds em . 
  yup as much as id like to think they acted like gentlemen , the truth is i know some of them will not have . 
  those people need to be scourged . 
  oh no reason lol , 
  your not german by any chance ? 
  also never ask some one what they earn its just rude . 
  after 3 days its more likely amphetamine . 
  we are still a great power the issue is in a world with super powers it means diddly squat . 
  leaving the eu could weaken us granted , but it does not really matter . 
  did you not hear america wants us in the eu ? 
  you kinda hurt your own point there . 
  if we leave we are of no use to them , well about as useful as norway and switzerland . 
  you know those countries who always pushed round like when the thing happened when those people did something / s. 
  also according to your flair , your from cyprus . 
  when you make the argument we will get pushed round by foreign powers , it some what undermines your argument when you live in a country in the eu divided by foreign powers . 
  people seriously need to stop protesting against new nuclear power stations , simply because its nuclear . 
  several times we have had people protest against em successfully , not asking as to why they are being constructed . 
  then old power station they where trying to replace with the new stays in operation , which is ofc safer / s. 
  i live in southern england , all we get is damp . 
  but yes xmas does not feel the same without damp ... nor spring ... summer ... autumn ... and the rest of winter . 
  maybe not now but it was theorised eventually we would , union is the best way to counter division . 
  hopefully as a result , prevent a third world war . 
  right , but in a world where the eu did not exist who could say that germany would not ? 
  the eu was a recognition of germany out growing france 's power . 
  it was a way of allowing germany to assert its position as the dominant power over europe without resulting to war . 
  so yes germany runs the eu and we avoid war and retain our freedom without having to fight for it . 
  why not just take the women and send the men back , why take oppressors in with their oppressed ? 
  i agree , as i sad its not a main issue . 
  right , thats not a citation though is it ? 
  if you do n't have a link to an analysis of the data , then its on your head to provide one ( burden of proof ) . 
  its a bit unfair to just link raw data , you think proves you right . 
  then expect me to go through it all in order to prove you wrong . 
  you are right about the trading blocs though , so i concede on that point . 
  well i agree its not a main issue , but it is a issue . 
  for germany at least less so for france . 
  where could i find the citation for these trading patterns ? 
  right but if we are considering the eu as a bloc then your earlier example we also should have considered the nafta and asean blocs as one rather than the us etc as separate counties . 
  you do n't know that , your not a jedi . 
  current trends would also suggest against it . 
  also the eu is technically not a single trading partner . 
  ok fair enough , but it has changed quite drastically though since 2000 shrinking from around 55 % of total trade to around 45 % and there are no signs of halting so far . 
  free trade with europe , which has been decreasing since 2000 and now is the minority of our free trade . 
  yeah that is negotiating . 
  we say `` can we do this instead ? '', 
  you say `` no '' , and we say `` ok but as long as it does not effect us '' , its called compromise . 
  also the obligatory `` you only disagree because something something empire '' . 
  agreed , i do n't want to be part of a union where we have no ability to stand for our interests . 
  if you let one migrant through today there will be 2 tomorrow , and 4 the day after that etc. 
  bet they just left em on a train . 
  but silly laws are one of our things ... 
  thank you for the correction . 
  we consider certain countries on europe as partners , just not all of you . 
  ( spelling corrected ), 
  i like our level of gun control but do we need to push it on europe ? 
  its their country so they should set their rules . 
  hmm thats not exactly the case , our foreign policy in europe is to help the weak agaisnt the strong to maintain the balance of power and prevent one ( generally the french ) , gaining the upper hand enough to challenge us over seas . 
  well ok the uk then scottish , english , irish , welsh different languages and people within separate country 's within a nation , belgium wallons and flemish 2 different languages and people . 
  france has dialects and different ethnic groups like bretons , and basque who also reside primarily in spain . 
  russia 's position is not exactly unique . 
  there are ethnic germans/community 's in poland . 
  yeah . 
  im simply saying `` culturally close with the eu '' is a blanket and as a result false statement . 
  well yeah , i was simply saying its a blanket statement thats untrue . 
  i said majority . 
  even if i grant you the uk through the us that 's 2 against 26 . 
  whether your for or against this ( i for one am to ignorant of the details of this to pick a side ) `` culturally close '' with colombia for the majority of europe is bollocks . 
  in other news `` life is hard , idiots surprised '', 
  poor old greece ( literally ) , how on earth is it meant to afford all this  . < . 
  to be fair he is pritty awful . 
  yeah conservatives did that with the royal mail , sold it to their friends for next to nothing  . < . 
  yeah its cornwallum . 
  i know this is a satire of the merkel situation . 
  but i thought you might wan na know we did quite a while ago pay ( this is the weird bit ) soap operas in country 's people are know to migrate from to write in story 's where characters move to britain to find a better life only to come back a bit later and say its shit . 
  firstly that 's conjecture , you ca n't see into the future . 
  what i can say with certainty is this as i have said before which you have not acknowledged . 
  defence of an island requires a strong navy 2 .
