i bet a lot of your stuff is beige . 
  well thats an end to brexit . 
  as bad as an american telling us to stay will push people to leave , a french person telling us to leave will be a more powerful force to getting us to stay . 
  its really not amazing just depressing https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/anti-semitism/koranjews.html, 
   historically modern france ( 1815 - ... ) has a bigger free trade attitude than the rest of the europe . 
  not post war  it is the first time i read than france join the eec for protect french companies . 
  it seems to be your very personal opinion . 
  to quote dr leif jerram lecturer on modern history from manchester uni  furthermore , de gaulle was hostile to the usa and conceived of the eec in part as an opponent force to the usa . 
  britain was deeply embedded in the ` special relationship ' , and as such , was committed to all sorts of ideas that appalled de gaulle ( and others ) - like free trade , free movement , and ... well , free-ness in general . 
  britain was also at that stage a major global imperial power ( or a large shadow of one !, 
  ) , with trading links to australia , canada , new zealand and the caribbean . 
  people and goods from those places had free movement within the commonwealth , and de gaulle did n't want that at all . 
  he wanted a protectionist , closed club , not an open , free-trading association . 
   your own link states that , in a first phase of the iii republic , there was an `` outright victory '' of the free-traders , and that the turn towards protectionism afterwards was moderate and followed other countries ' lead . 
  it even states that , before the iii republic , napoleon iii 's policies in the 1860s were throroughly on the free trade side . 
  i meant as in not : clear-cut sharply defined ; easy to perceive or understand . 
  `` once mobilized , these two groups fought almost continuously for the next twenty years to decide if france would return to high protection , maintain the moderate free trade policies of napoleon iii , or even move toward more complete free trade . '', 
   as a whole , the paper certainly gives the lie to your previous assertion that `` historically france has a more protectionist attitude rather than a free trade one '' firstly its not a lie , the third republic is not all of french history . 
  up untill 1820 france was as mercantilistic as we where . 
  secondly the third republic though generally did not tax foreign goods it did outright ban some foreign imports : todd , david . 
  libre \u00e9change et protectionnisme 1814-1851 you even said yourself `` its protectionist reputation rather goes back to the postwar period . '', 
  still history and arguably more relevant than the third republic . 
   france never had a protectionist policy as thoroughly boneheaded as britain 's xix century corn laws , for example . 
  and ? 
  i never said britain was all about free trade . 
  britain has a protectionist history im not saying we are even better than france . 
  for goodness sake i was not having a dig . 
  id even go so far as to say protectionism has some benefits just look at the horse meat scandal britain went through a year ago or so . 
   actually , during most of the iii republic ( 1872-1940 ) , france was one of the most pro-free-trade countries , certainly compared to britain and its `` imperial preference '' policies at the time . 
  its protectionist reputation rather goes back to the postwar period . 
  http://scholarcommons.sc.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1188&amp;context=hist_facpub its not that clear cut im afraid . 
   source ? 
  the french politicians who pushed for the creation of the eec , robert schuman and jean monnet , were rather on the atlanticist , pro-free-trade side of french politics , to the extent that french nationalists like to accuse them of having been us agents . 
  the ecsc then and as a result the following eec where formed as a response to rising tensions following the monnet plan which planned to weaken german industry to boost the french . 
  28.7 % of gdp source : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.exp.gnfs.zs, 
  not in this case i mean its spanish wine . 
  historically france has a more protectionist attitude rather than a free trade one , which is understandable it may be more expensive but you 're less reliant on others . 
  one of their reasons for them joining eec/eu back then was to protect the french businesses from cheap imports from around the world , problem is does not protect em from cheap imports from within the eu . 
  yeah i mean we got out exception . 
  plus its not like if we leave we are no longer going to get blamed anyway . 
  because its narcissism . 
  so people are not the winning majority should leave a democracy ? 
   if the uk 's on the losing side on most things , then clearly it has different values than the rest . 
  why do you assume its to do with values ? 
  could it not just be we disagree on approach . 
   school of economics cheers i believe its the same study seen as the chair of votewatch.eu dr simon hix is a fellow at the london school of economics . 
   so now my point is no longer irrelevant . 
  good to here it . 
   interesting . 
  i guess that gives me another reason on why the uk should leave . 
  why ? 
  democracy is about every one having a voice not just those who agree with you . 
   also the graph is from the lse . 
  all i got for googling that was london stock exchange or school of economics ? 
   no it does n't and i provided facts yes it does https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philosophic_burden_of_proof yes eventually you provided data to back up your claim however my point was untill you did , it was irrelevant . 
  ok so in future id advise not using a picture from imgur thats not reliable . 
  however i believe the numbers your using are from vote watch eu see here : http://www.votewatch.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/votewatch_report_voting_behavior_26_january_beta.pdf now we have that down i can now counter . 
  providing data that shows the uk loses most votes does not manage to prove the point of the uk slowing down the eu . 
  but why ? 
  the problem is that data if anything shows the uk it completely ineffectual and voting and is generally on the losing side . 
  in other words , they are not preventing/achieving shit if they are losing . 
  and the only times they win is obviously when they are with the majority in which case its not just us . 
  this only proves the uk 's approach is in the minority in which case it means its nothing to worry about , as democracy is determined by the majority . 
  democracy is not about getting rid of people who disagree with you . 
   irrelevant , i just did n't post the evidence to support it . 
  that makes it irrelevant . 
  there are billions of opinions only ones that are based upon facts need be heard . 
  look at what ? 
  citation please . 
  `` the downvote button is n't a ` disagree ' button , btw . 
  i still should n't be downvoted . '', 
   while the same rules generally apply to voting on the comments of others , reddiquette states that downvotes should be used for irrelevant comments , not ideas you disagree with . 
  also , do n't be afraid to upvote a comment you disagree with if you think it is furthering the discussion . 
  this will result in the most interesting and relevant discussions moving to the top of the comment page . 
  a bold statement without evidence is irrelevant . 
  an argument made without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
  you made the claim , the burden of proof is on you . 
  the hilarity is its 500km off argentina 's coast . 
  not really according to international law resources can not be exploited while there there dispute over them regarding decolonisation . 
  that being said we offered them a joint venture and they said no . 
  let me be clear : the uk manages trade with border checks without much issue to our economy , we ship all our goods as well . 
  so forgive me if i do n't think a germany lorry driver spending 30 mins at a border will tank their economy when we ship it across oceans and borders . 
  i know schengen is not the same thing as freedom of movement . 
  `` the uk checks everybody 's passports , this is bs . '', 
  right have you ever travelled outside the eu , because atm im kinda doubting you have ? 
  you 'd realise the difference if you are from outside the eu as you would need a visa ( things you need to apply for ) and a landing card as well ? 
  the point this article is making is all you need as an eu passport and you can get in no matter what . 
  `` and no , catching one of these people is not worth the inconvenience for tense of millions many of which work across borders and the disastrous affect this will have on our economies . '', 
  again hyperbole economys do n't get destroyed by border checks for examples see the rest of the globe . 
  doubt you would be so laissez-faire where it your life that has to go down the chucker so tens of millions are not inconvenienced . 
  `` sorry that man raped you little timmy but could not be helped , else i would have to get up earlier to take my flight '' thats not what the tsa does , they are responsible for security of people in transit . 
  stopping people taking bombs on planes that sort of thing . 
  though i agree it is primarily security theatre . 
  the u.s. customs and border protection agency is responsible for passport control in the us . 
  `` it is a bit of an exaggeration but removing schengen is surely going to push us into alienation and inner-eu hostility . '', 
  evidence ? 
  are you honestly implying border controls would be a dividing force compared to different cultures or languages possibly even historical rivalries and conflict ? 
  `` i did not live during the cold war , but i very well remember crossing the romanian and greek borders in the 90s and that is good enough for me to realise how dumb and counter effective such border controls are '' then you should have used that as an example rather than talking about something you clearly know nothing of . 
  `` control the outer borders of the eu with a united eu border force and more strict australia-like migrant laws and there wont be any need to destroy our economy and liberties . '', 
  this article was about eu citizens coming to britain and committing crimes not migrants from outside the eu .
