  this is the real problem . 
  let 's be realistic : there will never be a ww3 between otan and russia because russia is way too weak ( plus there are nuclear weapons on both sides ) , and will remain way too weak even with these 2 ships . 
  / r/europe is overreacting . 
  russia is indeed a threat : putin can give weapons to russian separatists , send russian soldiers and pretend they are separatists , but putin ca n't wage a full-scale war where these ships would be used . 
  france is just getting money with ships which will most likely only do maneuvers until they 're obsolete . 
  the number of `` france '' , especially from countries we have never done anything to , saddens me . 
  why ? 
  you should ask this question in / r/france , you may get more precise answers . 
  what answers do you expect ? 
  `` i hate british people because i 'm prejudiced and racist '' ? 
  let me predict what you 'll see in this thread : - jokes and stereotypes - ooooooh i loooooove great britain - i know there is a difference between you and your politicians - i have no opinion , but you 're nice people i suppose ? 
  these `` what do you think of my country '' threads are ridiculous ... 
  france state schools have no religion classes . 
  but most independent schools get financial support by the state ( they are `` under contract '' ) and often have religious classes . 
  in `` alasce-moselle '' , which was german in 1905 when the church and the state were separated , it 's a bit different so you have religious education but it 's not mandatory . 
   i could tell you i 'm a motherfucking unicorn , but that does n't make it true . 
  with this argument i can say socialists are all fascists . 
  and conservatives too . 
  they 're just lying these bastards . 
   hitler came into power completely legally and fucked the system from the inside . 
  and he did n't campaign for the atrocities his regime was going to commit beforehand . 
  that 's not how you overthrow a democracy . 
  he campained for how he would destroy democracy . 
  le pen never did that . 
   we ca n't live in autarcy good . 
  now let 's tell people that instead of `` oh my god they are nazis ! '' . 
   commies are n't linked to violent murder in france nor were linked to for the last 40 , maybe 50y how does it make them less stalinists ? 
   they do n't half quietly worship staline , the camps , deny their existance , promote xenophobia and attacks on people on their skin color , accent , or religion . 
  nor do the national front about hitler . 
  indeed some of their supporters do , just like some communists like stalin . 
   they certainly do n't do 25 % of the french delegation to the eu parliament how does it make them less stalinists ? 
  plus they still get between 6 and 11 % of the votes , so they 're not as big as the front national but still relevant . 
  saying the national front is fascist is as dumb as saying the communists are stalinists , and in the end it just favors them . 
   but i 'm not sure people exactly understand who they prop up in power `` yeah , those uneducated poor people who voted for the front national are so dumb . '', 
  i 'm sure they wo n't be more angry at the elite who look down on them and they 'll stop voting for le pen now you ( and sadly many medias ) said that . 
  i pretty sure the huge majority of them know there are a lot of fascists in the front national , but they still think marine le pen is n't fascist herself ( and indeed there is no clue she is ) and they hate `` traditionnal '' politicians to much to vote for them . 
   `` you ca n't prove we are fascist !, 
  you ca n't do anything about it !, 
  see how i 'm smarter than that ; than you '' and it is true . 
  you 're just imagining they are lying and preparing dictatorship and nazism in secret . 
  but it 's just your imagination . 
  and yes , the front national is smarter than you because while you and people like you are demonstrating against `` fascism '' ( there are demonstrations about that in france presently ... ) , they are gaining electors who look at the bullshit you are saying and then thinks that , if the front national opponents are saying nonsense without any proof - i repeat , the front national position about fascism is n't different than the communist party 's one about stalinism - then it means that contrary to them the front national must be saying intelligent things . 
  go take their programme , explain why it is bullshit , why it would lead france to ruin , and then the front national will fall . 
  cry about fascism and they 'll come to power . 
   when two third of your member are either a racist or a xenophobe or an antisemite or a nazi or support one of those , `` national socialism '' , or one of the listed before , you know it 's a party you 've got to be very , very careful about . 
  where did you get that number ? 
   hitler was elected but his programme was n't in favor of democracy , he clearly said he would abolish democracy . 
  the national front actually has a very democratic programme , they want to implement `` votations '' like in switzerland ( and it 's really sad the major parties do n't because it gives le pen a strong argument ) . 
   i do n't remember the communist party quietly endorsing murdering people in the streets by `` identitaires '' because they were born in the maghreb and speak with the wrong accent . 
  please give an example because i think marine le pen is too clever to do this , and it would have been everywhere in medias ... 
  but of course they were like this before but they changed , at least officially ( and communsits also were stalinists at the time , it does n't mean they are now ) . 
  i do n't like the front national too but saying they are fascists is absolutely dumb , there is no proof and it allows them to be seen as victims . 
  there are fascists in the front national . 
  but it does n't mean the front national is fascist : its programme is democratic , they officialy condemn racism , antisemitism , breivik 's slaughter , nazism , the holocaust , ... and that 's why a lot of people vote for them : everybody knows there are a few ( a lot of ? ), 
  mad people in their party but they are n't fascists ( at least officially and they may hide it , but accusing the front national of being fascist is like accusing every communist party in europe to be stalinists : some of their supporters are but it does n't mean anything about the majority of the party or about their electors ) . 
  i do n't understand : that 's a law in the us , how could it affect european countries ? 
  i mean the us can pass thousands of laws saying china must be a democracy or europe must love fundamentalists , who cares ? 
  with 23 % in opinion polls they ca n't do anything right now , but they can come out on top in the first round of the presidential election in 2017 , and then there is the second round where they will face the cadidate who arrived second , and things become complicated . 
  in 2002 , the candidate of the front national also reached the second round but then all the others parties supported his opponent so he was crushed 82 % vs 18 % . 
  nowadays , others parties are really divided and its ' unlikely they will ally =  it 's still unlikely the national front will win the election because many electors of the `` traditionnal '' parties that did n't reached the second round will still vote against the national front , but it 's not really sure and maybe now that these parties are much more divided , they just wo n't go to vote and thus marine le pen , the leader of the national front , could become president of france even if the majority of the population do n't like her . 
  then it 's complicated again , because the parliement would still be dominated by the traditionnal parties . 
  the parliementary election comes 1 month after the presidential election . 
  or she win this election too and she is free to do anything she wants to , or she ca n't obtain a majority ( more likely ) and it will be very difficult for her to govern . 
  however the president of france is the one who decides about foreign affairs so she could leave the eurozone . 
  tl ; dr : nothing until 2017 and the presidential election where it 's likely they wo n't win , however it 's not absolutely not impossible - depends if they continue rising , if the traditionnal parties will be able to make an alliance , . . - and then they could leave the eurozone . 
  ps : i hope i was clear and my english is n't too bad for a `` long '' comment . 
  they 're ahead but they are alone and 23 % is n't the majority , so they should n't be come to power soon . 
  however they are rising , and they have a big influence on the ump ( the traditionnal conservative party ) who tries to take their electors by reusing some of their ideas . 
  they want to leave the eurozone , and it was a racist party ( the father of marine le pen , who was the leader of the front national before her , was sentenced because he denied holocaust ) . 
  however marine le pen is just a patriot and tries to eradicate racism in the national front/is racist but wants to be elected so she tries to hide how racism the national front is < = you choose , these are the 2 versions of the story . 
  what you say is true concerning the conservatives and the social democratic/socialist parties ( who are the equivalent of the republicans and the democrats in europe ) . 
  however , unlike in the united states , there are other parties in europe who never come to power ( or very rarely ) , but still get a lot of voices . 
  these parties are actually willing to make big changes ( the front national for example wants to leave the eurozone ) . 
   being close to russia means political unrest and insecurity . 
  that does n't make people happy . 
  no , you are wrong , the fact that only one out of the 5 saddest europeans countries borders russia prooves it . 
  you 're just imagining that being close to russia means you 're less happy . 
   greece , iraq ? 
  if you still think iraq war was about oil , you have been brainwashed . 
  and you think that russia annexed a part of ukraine just because it was close ? 
  you think this is n't oversimplificating and that china , mongolia or finland will soon be attacked ? 
  at least you could have said `` being an ex-ussr country means political unrest and insecurity '' , or `` having a russian minoruty means political unrest and insecurity '' , it 's still a debatable opinion but it 's not plain bullshit . 
  and being in the ue with germany puts you in danger of becoming the next greece , having oil with the usa puts you in danger of becoming the next iraq ? 
  so all these countries should be unhappy ? 
  what you say is just as absurd , just oversimplifications and russia-hating . 
  plus the data linked by op shows that only 1 of the 5 most unhappy countries is near russia ( portugal is afraid of russia maybe ? ) . 
  so no , being close to russia does n't make you unhappy , stop this bullshit . 
  i do n't like putin , i do n't like russia 's present policy , but the anti-russian circlejerk in this subreddit is really dumb ... 
  how can that post be considered a joke ? 
  it 's not funny , just plain racism against russians but on / r/europe sadly it is becoming normal ... 
  the cap is actually the one of the only big european economic program that has been a success . 
  thanks to the cap , the ue became self-sufficient instead of relying on the american agriculture . 
  i do n't think many french people are actually aware that it is a problem ( and even that the european parliement has to move from brussels to strasbourg every month ) , and because of this i think we do n't really have an opinion about it . 
  but i can understand why the french governement does n't want to get rid of strasbourg : the fact that germany gained most of the power in th ue to the detriment of france is obviously not seen as a great success here and our governement is already very impopular =  giving up strasbourg would be seen by the media and then by the french as another defeat and , with elections soon , our governement does n't need more defeats . 
  and i have a question : why settling permanently the parliement in brussels and not in strasbourg ? 
  centralizing all the institutions in brussels in order to create a real capital city could be a reason , but then the problem is not only strasbourg but also frankfurt , the hague and luxembourg . 
  you said `` ussr did n't look for an alliance `` against germany '' '' . 
  wikipedia says `` after a failed attempt to sign an anti-german military alliance '' . 
  you are wrong . 
  according to wikipedia , even if it is not a great source , feel free to search somewhere else and you 'll the same answer :  after a failed attempt to sign an anti-german military alliance with france and britain ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#pact_with_hitler ) stalin wanted an anti-germany alliance because he feared hitler .
