there could be several answers . 
  one of them is belgium because half of the country speaks french , but belgium itself is n't really similar to france =  the majority of the population does n't speak french and the country belgium has nothing in common with france ( it is smaller , it is a recent country , it is a federal country , ... ) another would be italy ( or maybe spain ) : they speak a language similar to french , they make good food , they are well-known for fashion , it is a `` big european country '' too , ... another is the uk : they speak a germanic language but it has similarities with french since we conquered them 1000 years ago ( i feel english people wo n't be happy with this sentence ) and like us the used to be a superpower and our rival , so we share a lot of our history with them . 
  english people are n't similar to french people , but our countries are . 
  to conclude , i think it is italy , but belgium , spain or the uk are good answers too , all for different reasons . 
  well you 've got an american flair , not a russian one , consider yourself lucky on this subredit !, 
  / shitamericanssay is like every subreddit which was created in order to denounce a group of people or another subreddit ( / shitredditsays , / tumblrinaction , ... ) . 
  the subreddit becomes very fast a huge circlejerk and it becomes even funnier to read it : you can laugh both at stupid posts that are linked and at the stupid comments on the subreddit . 
  definitly charles de gaulle : mostly for the ww2 part ( he is the symbol of the resistance ) , his presidency is more controversial among the left even if he is almost always seen as a good leader . 
  for the left ( and even the right or the far right , le pen quoted him during a speech ) i would have said jean jaur\u00e8s too but he died on july 1914 and the title says `` last 100 years '' . 
  are you jealous of their ocean ? 
  it 's too late , history is written by ~ ~ the victors ~ ~ hollywood !, 
  poland is irrelevant and france surrendered without fighting , but they were both saved by brave american marines, 
  poland can not into relevant !, 
  i obviously meant `` war not being an option we want to choose '' . 
  this could be a great idea . 
  i mean putin obviously wants to create an alliance dominated by russia , but russia would n't be able to dominate an alliance which would inculde france , great-britain and germany . 
  furthermore it would give europe more independance with the us . 
  i know this subreddit does n't like putin , neither i do , but russia is our neighbour and we will have to learn to live with them , war not being an option . 
  saying what they 're doing is very very bad . 
  and selling them some warships . 
  [ this map ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/english-eu.jpg ) was posted here . 
  according to it , more frenchmen speak english than italians , spaniards , poles or romanians ( near twice more than spaniards ) . 
  in fact , if we do n't count people whose mother tongue is germanic so who have an easier time learning english , france is doing quite well ( of course it could be improved ) . 
  but the `` french people ca n't speak english '' stereotype is definitly wrong . 
  it may be different among the youth , but young people are far mor likely to speak english than older people in france too . 
   is n't this a problem ? 
  well it depends if you think the european union should be powerful , autonomous and able decide for its members or if you like an european union which is mostly about a free-trade and monetary zone and where the countries should be able to have control over the decisions . 
  both . 
  it 's somewhat complicated and there were 2 bailouts where the circumstances were different . 
  but the important idea is that since germany was the biggest economy in the eurozone and the most solid , nothing could be done without merkel 's agreement ( a beggar ca n't really lend money to another beggar , and the [ european fund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_financial_stability_facility ) that was created could only borrow the money that would help greece if germany backed it financially ) . 
  and merkel 's agreement only came with harsh austerity measures . 
   the french do n't speak english i ca n't decide if it is a joke or not but since the `` french people ca n't speak english '' prejudice is quite widespread on the internet so i clarify it nonethless : french politicians speak english with others leaders ( or french if they speak french of course , or even spanish or german if they both speak spanish or german better i suppose ) . 
  hollande 's english accent is awful but he can speak english . 
   above all , it 's a narrative . 
  nobody forced the greeks to take anybody 's money . 
  maybe they were duped , maybe the terms were faulty , maybe the stakes were too high , but at the end of the day , nobody forced the greeks to take anybody 's money . 
  indeed they were always free to do whatever they wanted . 
  but when refusing german money and terms means an economic suicide the choice is n't a real one . 
   which i 'm suspecting it at least in part also has to do with trouble coming to terms with the fact that you can no longer expect politicians from all european countries to speak french french polictians speak english with foreigners who ca n't speak french , i do n't really see how this could be a problem . 
  because merkel is a very clever politician , and because of their economy . 
  she managed to take control of greece ( their economic policy is dictated by berlin ) , spain or italy ( she basically fired their prime minister berlusconi ) : they desperatly needed german money not to collapse so they had to obey . 
  merkel also managed to put people who shared her ideas in most european institutions ( ecb , ... ) germany is also seen as a model by a lot of people in europe , so what merkel says is always listened to and respected . 
  on the other end , france , which was the other dominant power in europe ( the uk never liked europe so they never wanted to be involved too much ) is presently economically weakened and it 's rulers ( sarkozy then hollande ) are far less talented than merkel when it comes to control the european union . 
   i 'm somewhat anti-russia  ensuring we can deliver massive amounts of nukes to their soil without fail  set up diplomatic relations with china and japan , promising them significant portions of russian soil . 
   invest massively into russia 's rise towards civilisation  i 'm somewhat anti-russia  somewhat yeah , let 's nuke these barbarians and rip their country appart , and then maybe we 'll civilise these sub-humans . 
  i 'm pretty sure the sentence you wanted was `` i deeply hate russia '' . 
  latvia `` approves soviet-german pact '' . 
  well they must have been quite disappointed when they were annexed thanks to this pact . 
  and we are cocky sometimes . 
  but we love chicks !, 
  the `` dear britons '' part was just a little joke/taunt , do n't be offended . 
  and no , the poll data does n't show anything interesting about a `` support for sanctions against russia still weaker in france '' , it 's only 5 % less than germany so , if you take into account the error margin , it means nothing . 
  the second poll about concern for the west/regional matter is indeed interesting , but it is n't the ont which was used for the title or even developed during most of the article : this article is actually quite shitty . 
  so there is only 5 % support less in france than in germany . 
  that was definitly worth an article , my dear britons . 
  not really . 
  there was a fiscal crisis because france spent a lot in wars and the nobility , who had a lot of money and land , did n't pay taxes ( so the king sold offices to get money ) . 
  but there was n't many serfs anymore ( it kinda disappeared in france after the hundred years ' war during th 15th century for different reasons ( and serfdom was even officiaily abolished in 1779 , 10 years before the revolution ) ) , and if there were high taxes for the third estate ( those who were n't in the clergy or nobles ) , the economy was good and many merchants or bankers became very rich ( and then bought offices to become nobles ) ; peasants were n't rich and often quite poor but famines were very rare . 
  on the other hand france was the first economic , military and cultural power in europe . 
  the french revolution was mainly a political revolution . 
  the poors were angry and hungry because the harvest had been bad but they had lived far worse without making a revolution . 
  the main problem was that with the age of enlightmen , the third estate ( and especially the bourgeoisie ) could n't stand the fact that they paid all the taxes and had no political power . 
  so it was definitly a golden age : that 's not because their ideas were n't the same as ours ( indeed women were oppressed , there was slavery , ... ) that it could n't be a golden age : at this time being successful was having a glorious king with fancy clothes and big palaces , and we had the fanciest kings in the world !, 
  if i think the way you do , i would n't find any golden age anywhere in the world before 1970 just because people had different values . 
  well , crippling germany 's economy trough reparations worked [ great ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_the_weimar_republic ) . 
  and much more bitter for france . 
  you understand , we give everything we have to defeat you during 4 years , we lost countless men , entire regions are destroyed , and when we are finally the winners you go full economic golden age while we are struggling with our economy !, 
  that 's why we wanted huge reparations after ww1 . 
  so you 'd be in a worse shit than we were !, 
  you 're right , france ( or its ancestors ) was one of the biggest european power most of time after the fall of the roman empire . 
   the victory in ww1 saw france considered invincible , having led the allied forces under marshal foch , and having sacrificed the most men in the war amongst the victors ( so that excludes russia ) . 
  at the time , france was not only the main continental victor , but also was at its peak when it comes to a colonial empire . 
  we were militarilly more powerful than our neighbours indeed , but we had suffered heavy losses , our economy was damaged and everybody at the time missed the `` belle epoque '' which was before the war . 
  so i would n't call it a `` golden age '' . 
  there has been a big french golden age , which began with henri iv , louis xiii and louis xiv , and finished with napoleon , where france was the most powerful european nation . 
   france has never really been a commercial superpower like the uk though , fighting was more our thing . 
  no , france was also the biggest economic power at the time . 
  mostly thanks to our huge population ( more men = more production , more taxes , ... ) but also thanks to trade : just before the revolution , france was the biggest trader in europe . 
  if revolutionary france has been able to resist against huge coalitions and with napoleon to defeat them , it 's because france was by far the most powerful european nation . 
  10 years ago we had defeated the english fleet in the american revolutionary war : france was more powerful than its neighbours in almost all fields . 
  the period from the sun king to napoleon probably , so from the 17th century to 1815 . 
  france was the center of europe , had the biggest army and the most famous artists . 
  but the 19th century is still considered as a golden age culturally . 
  more recently , the `` glorious thirties '' , from 1945 to 1973 , is also considered as a golden age . 
  after that , france has always considered itself as in crisis and declining . 
  and all those anglomuricans have no clue what i am offering them !, 
  ^ because ^ with ^ the ^ independentists ^ in ^ flanders ^ we 'll ^ soon ^ get ^ half ^ of ^ their ^ country ^ so ^ we 'd ^ better ^ start ^ to ^ learn ^ to ^ like ^ them . 
  i know a few swiss ( they speak french ) : they do n't think they have much in common with swiss who speak german ( they often laugh about those barbarians speaking an ugly language that a real german could n't understand , and i 'm not sure it 's only a joke to them ) , but they are proud of their economy and their democracy , proud of their country and they think these success only have been possible thanks to cultural diversity switzerland enjoys . 
  but comparing them to german-speaking swiss is definitly an insult . 
  i do n't know if every swiss is like them , but these are the swiss i know . 
  russia is too weak to be a real ennemy . 
  russia presently helps separatists or sends soldiers and pretends they are just separatists . 
  this is indeed a problem . 
  but putin is n't doing anything where he could use these ships . 
  these ships would be useful during a real war between russia and nato , but such a war will never happen because putin knows he could n't win ( he is too weak even with these 2 ships because 2 ships do n't make an armada ) and because of nuclear weapons on both sides . 
  so these ships will most likely do maneuvers until they are obsolete . 
  so i do n't see any problem with selling a few warships to russia , because putin ca n't use them . 
  this subreddit is way too scared of russia : its population and its economy are declining , its army is ridiculously old . 
  russia is only 1/15 of eu+usa pib , only 1/5 of eu+usa population . 
  russia still seems a threat to eastern europe countries because there is no unified european army .
