  korean war and vietnam war caused deaths and destructions , but absolutely not as much as would have caused another world war . 
  the second half of the 20th century was in the end quite peaceful years where there was more fear than real war . 
  plus defeating a country in a war do n't automatically makes it peaceful , and russia could have become even more aggressive than it is today . 
  furthermore we ca n't be sure the usa would have won this war . 
  of course we ca n't really know , but i would n't risk a world war 3 with so much uncertainties . 
   wild how different the world would be today if patton had gotten his way . 
  since ussr had more tanks and men than britain and the usa combined , it would have led to another world war where the winner is difficult to see , to millions of victims , and maybe to the use by the us of others nuclear weapons . 
  so , now we know ussr finally colapsed without another major war , we can claim that it 's a good thing he had n't gotten his way . 
  yes , after the alliance he did believe it was a true alliance . 
  but not before , before he was afraid and tried to be ally with france and great britain . 
  and it is only because they refused that he chose hitler . 
  and no , stalin was n't dumb . 
  paranoic , crazy , vicious , insensitive , yes he was . 
  but he was not dumb , he took total control of the biggest country in the world , transformed it into a major industrial power and won a world war . 
  that 's not things a dumb guy would be able to do . 
  and why would the uk or france ally with stalin ? 
  well , in order to win or avoid a world war , that 's a compromise you could do ... 
  yes , after the alliance he thought he was really hitler 's ally . 
  but it was not his first choice ( it 's better to destroy a threat than let it become bigger and hope it will become you ally ) , and if france and great britain had been less stupid , maybe we would have dodged a world war ( maybe hitler would n't have attacked if he had been forced to fight on two fronts - hitler was really afraid to repeat ww1 ) . 
  i replied to the arguments i quoted , about the alliance with the third reich , not to the others because i consider them valid . 
   2 ) ussr allies with third reich and invades poland  3 ) ussr only fights third reich when attacked itself ( england , france declared war in honor of treaties without being attacked themselves ) to be honest , ussr desperately searched an alliance with france and england against germany for years and it is only because they always refused and always backed down in front of every hitler 's demands that he finally became his ally . 
  stalin was n't dumb , he knew the threat was hitler , he was just forced to form an alliance with him so he would n't be attacked since france and great britain did n't want any alliance . 
  of course hitler still declared war eventually . 
  edit : why downvote my post ? 
  i am just saying a fact : stalin tried to make an alliance with france and great britain and it is only because they refused and could n't be trusted as allies because they were backing down in front of every hitler 's demands ( munich ) that he chose germany . 
  i am not saying stalin was a good guy , that he eventually was n't hitler 's ally after 1939 , ... is the anti-russian circlejerk so powerful here ? 
  i do n't know , i have no problem to speak english with tourists . 
  but many french people wo n't speak english because they know they ca n't speak english well even if they can understand it and they are ashamed of that . 
  speaking french first is n't about politeness , it 's just showing you are willing to make an effort so we will be more willing to make efforts , it 's also that you are trying to speak french even if you do n't know this language so it 's okay if we do mistakes . 
  of course , among 60 millions inhabitants , there must also be a few assholes who wo n't speak another language than french even if they can . 
  france does not refuse to speak english , english is taught in every school to every students , people use english words , ... but there is the idea that french is n't inferior to english , and that the fact that english is predominant internationnaly is just a fact , that may change just like french is no longer the internationnal language . 
  maybe mandarin will be the next lingua franca , maybe not , maybe it will spanish when this language will be the first spoken in the usa and in south america , maybe french will see a new golden age with the economic development of africa , ... and so we must help french language to get , if not the first place , a good place . 
  there is also the feeling that french culture can not be separated from french language : sending to eurovision someone singing in english to represent french culture is therefore absurd . 
  and , maybe , there also is pride , maybe unconsciously we ca n't accept that france is n't a great power anymore ( unconsciously because our decline , pessimism and how france is over is like the number one topic in our political discussions ) . 
  source : i 'm french , this is my personnal analysis and other french people could of course disagree . 
  ok , it is seen as a minor election , but the coverage is n't smaller than for the municipal elections ( well i have no statistics but i hear about it quite often in television news ) . 
  and you 're right , it is n't said who we are going to vote for , what this election is about , ... 
  it 's only about national results . 
  in france the coverage is pretty good , but medias only focus on national results of this election ( national front who could be first , fail of the socialists , ... ) . 
  europeans coalitions , their members , their leaders or their programs are never mentionned . 
  it is seen like a national election . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures poland : 1.9 % of gdp ; france : 2.3 % ; uk : 2.5 % ; greece : 2.5 %, 
  no , on the far right side !, 
  many miss him inside the ump ( the right wing party ) , but he is still unpopular among the majority of the population . 
  and this could be a problem for the right wing in the presidential election of 2017 , if the ump decides to choose sarkozy to be candidate . 
  it is one of the only way hollande could be reelected , given how unpopular he is . 
  putin must be terrified . 
  after the sanctions the eu took about crimea , he knows he should n't mess with merkel . 
  where the fuck you saw me saying france fought well in ww2 ? 
  we declared war , did shit and got conquered . 
  what i am saying is that we were the only big power who really tried to stand against germany , even if in the end we failed . 
  poland was n't a big power , they were attacked and they tried to resist , but they were n't an industrial power and they had no chance . 
  we thought they were doing something . 
  we thought staying on the border was the only effective way to do a war , so we stayed there . 
  for france , attacking was synonymous with failure and bloodbath . 
  the best way to help the poles was what they were doing . 
  now we know what happened during ww2 , it seems stupid . 
  but that 's what they thought . 
  on the other hand , the usa were hiding in their continent and never militarily showed up until they were attacked and the uk never sent enough men on the continent ( it was a good thing in the end , because these soldiers were n't captured , there were n't too much soldiers in france so they were evacuated and the uk could eventually continue the war after france 's defeat ) . 
   that 's only your opinion of course this is my opinion , but my opinion is that it 's what a big part of the french population thinks . 
  look at the guignols and what their jokes about french army !, 
  the general feeling is that we are a medium/small power which ca n't compete with big powers like russia . 
  if a lunatic gets hold of the power , he can launch nuclear weapons even during peace . 
  i think putin is n't a lunatic . 
  and his power is n't absolute , the oligarchs have a lot of power , influence , and a lot of money they do n't want to loose in a nuclear war . 
  i am not denying the courage of polish soldiers , but poland was n't an industrial power at the time . 
  and of course our military leaders did shit during ww2 , because they thought it would be the same war as in ww1 ( so offensive was pointless ) , but that 's not the point . 
  thank you for the compliment , but i 'm sane . 
  and you give way too much importance to international treaties . 
  they 've always been broken during history and they will always be . 
  you are just naive . 
  and of course , i am not denying the courage of polish soldiers , but poland was n't an industrial power at the time . 
  oh , i forgot the name was different in french and in english . 
  i edit !, 
  yeah , if nato wanted total destruction of russia just like the allies wanted total destruction of nazi germany , then putin would have nothing to lose . 
  but it is an exception and most wars do n't end with a capitulation and a country totally invaded . 
  putin ( or the oligarchs who have a lot of power and much money to lose ) could see they are loosing the war and accept a defeat ( defeat which would mean , i do n't know , be forced to reduce the size of russian army , give back crimea and/or promise not to attack anoyone again ) . 
  you could . 
  for example russia threatens to invade ukraine , ukraine asks for help and nato deploys its armies in ukraine and says `` we will defend ukraine against russia if russia attacks '' ( i wrote above why i think this will never happen but this is just an example ) , russia declares war to ukraine and invades ukraine nonetheless ( so russia attacks natos armies ) , nato declares war to russia and fights back . 
  you have here a global conflict with many nuclear warheads ready to launch on each side , but everyone know they ca n't do it because it would mean mutual destruction . 
  so you have a conventional war . 
  it 's the problem with nuclear weapons : you have them , but if a country with nuclear weapons invades you then you ca n't use them because it would mean death ( for you and your opponent ) . 
  today france is very pessimistic and feels very weak . 
  everybody thinks `` if we go to war we 'll lose '' , but not only about war , we also think germans are better than us , ... 
  i do n't think this is a good thing , but i think this is the truth . 
  french people are concerned by the economic crisis , and russia is viewed as a big country too big for us ( even if in reality our gpd or our military expenditures are n't so bad compared to russian ones ) . 
  i 'm not telling what we should do , i 'm telling what i think we will do . 
  and what i think most western countries will do . 
  and they will do nothing if they are n't directly threatened . 
  and i think you are wrong : not going to war has never been mocked . 
  the swiss army or the swedish army has never been laughed at because their country stayed neutral in the ww2 , and nobody despises the american army because they stayed neutral until they were attacked . 
  the question is simple : who wants to go to war against russia ? 
  and the answer is simple too : nobody . 
  i personally think russians could ravage all eastern europe and the western countries would n't militarily intervene . 
  of course there are nato and the european union , but western populations are very strongly pacifists , they do n't want war and above all fellow countrymen dying in a war , especially for a faraway country which was russian 20 years ago anyway . 
  or at least this is the impression i have in france . 
  we will never go to war against russia if the united states are n't with us . 
  maybe we learnt from history : the last time we rose up alone against an european threat ( the uk had only 2 millions soldiers in 1940 with a big part in the navy or in the colonies , so france was quite alone on the continent against germany ) , we lost and 60 years later we are called surrender monkeys because of that . 
  but the german-french friendship is presently totally dominated by germany . 
  we are not owned , and we are still big enough not to be forced to implement the austerity measures germany make others countries enforce ( if it 's a good thing or not is another question ) , but still french-german friendship is n't a relation of equals .
