  2014 : russia annex crimea, 
  nope , they have the largest arsenal of nukes . 
  but these greeks were seen as greeks . 
  just greeks living abroad . 
  qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois and french people do n't think qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois are french people living abroad . 
  they are qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois . 
  another people and another nation . 
  yeah , of course . 
  but i was talking about how french people ( or at least me and my relatives ) view qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois . 
  we view them just like we view belgians and swiss . 
  foreigners , even if they are closer than others foreigners . 
  we do n't view them like we would view a french who emigrated or his son , his grandson , ... 
  they emigrated too long ago . 
  they 're not seen as french anymore . 
  they 've got their own nation . 
  are the usa part of the english diaspora ? 
  no , they are a different country . 
  the question was about how qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois are seen . 
  not about who they ethnically are . 
  not really . 
  it 's just like how english people see canadians i suppose . 
  or like we see french-speaking belgians or swiss . 
  foreigners , but nearer than other foreigners . 
  france : indifference , they do what they want . 
  except if they are rich , because it means they probably left france to escape taxes . 
  so they 're traitors to the workers according to the left wing and members of the resistance against socialist oppression according to the right wing . 
  time to dig up the masochist love letter she wrote to sarkozy in order to destroy her career !, 
  france : many things , but if i have to pick one i 'd say the lack of confidence in france 's future . 
  during the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century , france made big efforts to crush any local culture ( it was forbidden to speak regional languages at school and these languages were despised , ... ) . 
  so , nowadays , regional languages are only an optional class a minority of children choose to learn and no more real languages used to communicate ( some old people still use them in the countryside but they are rare ) . 
  some separatists might be shocked by what i 'm writing but it is true : to communicate , people in brittany , corsica or in the basque country use ... french . 
  and it 's the same for most of the regional culture . 
  that 's why seperatist movements are much weaker in france . 
  i lived in brittany , not in the basque country , but i think the situation is similar : there was a different nation there ( a celtic one in brittany , a basque one in the basque country ) one century ago but it does n't exist anymore . 
  so i kinda disagree with metroxed : i do n't think a majority of french basques will ever want independence =  the local culture is dead among the majority of the population . 
  maybe it is sad , maybe it is not , but it is the reality . 
  as you can see here ( http://inequalitywatch.eu/spip.php?article58&amp;lang=en ) , inequality is rising faster in sweden , in danemark , in norway and in finland than in france or in belgium ( i used others developed countries as examples ) . 
  flexisecurity is mostly flexibility a a little bit of security , and if scandinan countries still rank in the top it 's because they were really good decades ago . 
  but , thanks to flexisecurity , it gets worse and worse . 
  am i the only one around here who is happy that his country got a bad grade because it means the workers are well protected ? 
  1 year ago it still would have upvoted this imo , the political change of this sub from liberal to conservative about minorities and immigration happened something like 4-6 months ago . 
   touch\u00e9 . 
  that being said , anglophone countries can get away with it . 
  well not with french people apparently :p, 
  free speech does n't mean anything . 
  if someone tell you `` give me your wallet or i kill you '' , should he be protected by free speech ? 
  he has n't done anything but talking , too bad if you gave him your money . 
  still , he should obviously be punished by the law . 
  if , in a crowded area , someone yell there is fire which cause panic in the crowd and 20 people die trampled on , should he be safe from prosecution because `` free speech '' ? 
  if someone convince someone else to commit a terrorist attack and teach him how to make explosive , should he be protected by free speech ? 
  again , no . 
  so the debate is n't about `` free speech '' but about where we should put the limit of what can be said . 
  and in my opinion , the important thing is that speech must be free enough to be able to have democratic debates . 
  do we need to be able to say `` holocaust never happened '' to have a democratic debate ? 
  and i think we should be able to deny holocaust , because i do n't think history ( or any science or social science ) should be determined by politicians . 
  but saying that because it is forbidden to deny holocaust then `` free speech '' and democracy is damaged is stupid and reveal how `` amercanised '' are many european who idolize free speech just like uncle sam . 
   it would grow eventually , mind you , we 're simply not there yet . 
  it 's a work in progress , which is what the european project is meant to be . 
  no , it 's not , just look at the reality , it 's not growing . 
  germans and greeks despise each other more than ever , anti-eu parties are on the rise , uk will organise a referendum to choose if they want to leave ... no , just because you would like such a solidarity to grow does n't mean it does , and the european project is failing . 
  i ca n't believe it !, 
   letting it grow naturally the problem is that it is n't growing . 
  just look at the rise of anti-eu parties in france , uk , italy , ... just look at how germans and finns refuse to give anything in order to help greece ... 
  i would have agreed with you a few years ago , but even if i would have liked an united europe , i think it is a dream that is impossible . 
  just look at how a small crisis ( a debt problem in a small eu country ) was handled with so many difficulties by europe , and imagine what it will be when a real major crisis will happen . 
  i do n't think the eu will survive the next 30 years . 
  i hope i am wrong but ... 
   unlike the other ez leaders who do n't give a shit about the whole european economy , and thus do n't want to help greece ? 
  ez leaders only give a shit about being reelected , and their electorate do n't want to help greece because there is no european solidarity . 
  for them the european economy is only secondar , the most important thing is making their citizens happy so they win next elections ( and i 'm a democrat , i think it 's a good thing , i do n't blame european leaders , i only blame european peoples who do n't care about europe and make their leaders act so ) . 
  and that 's why i 'm pessimistic about the european project : people in europe do n't care about other europeans , they would have wanted to help their fellow national citizens but they do n't want to give anything to help another european country . 
  i ca n't read the mind of the imf 's directors , but i suppose they do n't and they only want to help greece because the greek crisis is a danger for the whole european economy and because of that its ' a danger for the whole world . 
  imf wants greece to be able to recover ( because they 're nice to greece ? 
  i doubt it . 
  more likely because an economically ill greece is a danger for europe and then the whole world ) and so is pushing europeans to help greece . 
  europeans do n't care , the only thing they want is being able to recover their money even if they doom greece by doing so , while the european project is supposed to bring us all closer together and we should act just like if part of a country was going bankrupted =  rest of the country would obviously do everything to help them ( implement reforms so it does n't happen again but also and more importantly help their fellow citizen ) because there is national solidarity . 
  sadly there is zero european solidarity . 
  so yeah , i maintain these two sentence which are not mutually exclusive . 
  as i said in my previous message , imf and european countries by definition do n't have the same relationship with greece ( european countries should be more willing to help greece , but sadly that 's not what is happening ) . 
  if you read my message , you 'll see i indeed first focused on your first sentence because it was extremely stupid and pretentious , then i answered you , 
   you know the european people are easily manipulated and biased when they make that kind of analysis when viewing those statements . 
  yup i 'm definitly manipulated while you are very right and way too clever not to see the truth , you must be very disappointed by sheeples surrounding you . 
  ah i wish i was as great as you !, 
  / s imf is an international organization , they are n't supposed to show brotherhood with greece . 
  your way of putting european countries and imf as if their relationship with greece was the same is stupid . 
  you know the european project is n't living its greatest days when the imf is more willing to help greece than are other european countries . 
  to be honest pretty much any politician would be more popular than hollande . 
   a month ago it would have been something serious a month ago negociations had n't failed , so greece could hope to stay in the eurozone and a moderate austerity . 
  it 's only when tsipras 's proposal were rejected that it became obvious that the troika would make 0 compromize , so the promise syriza had done when they were elected ( stay in euroezone + less austerity ) could n't be fullfilled =  a referendum was what a good democracy had to do . 
  and the european union , instead of waiting one week wihch was necessary for the greeks to vote , just said `` too late it 's over since you do undemocratic things such as referendums '' . 
  are you serious ? 
  do you really think greece can force any country to give them money ? 
  there would have been a chance if the troika was n't so dogmatic and determined to implement austerity in greece even if it has obvioulsy failed . 
  they whether they should accept other countries conditions in order to get money or not . 
  that 's definitly democracy . 
  they do n't vote to force other countries to give them money . 
   and the problem with the referendum is the timing . 
  they decided it when it became obvious taht negociations were over ( troika ddi n't want to make any concessions ) , so , since they were elected to stay in the eurozone and not apply austerity and since it was now impossible , they decided to ask to their people what they wanted . 
  and instead of respecting that , europeans said that it was `` populist '' ( yeah people should n't vote on important matters you know ) and shat down everything instead of giving a one-week delay , so now the referendum is obviously quite useless . 
  syriza has been elected to stay in the eurozone and not implement austeruty .
