  on the thread about this cartoon :  this is a bit graphic score : -7 reply :  not graphic enough . 
   the priest should be forceably raping some poor little kid 's virgin sphincter . 
  score : +4 holy shit . 
  instability * can * be exciting . 
  does n't mean it 's good , but at least it 's exciting . 
  so we should n't enforce it at all ? 
  thanks . 
   poland a and poland b i think it 's pretty obvious why people say this , but why do many disagree ? 
   and then get it passed not by themselves . 
  i still love you , man . 
  * kisses *, 
  love how you just repeated what op said . 
  it 's my favourite , just wish belgium would get more points . 
   their program was based on local issues i think this is where i disagree . 
  in my country , parties are clearly in favour/opposed to the euro or the eu , and party leader often talk about `` cooperating with our european partners '' or they blame the eu for the situation we 're in . 
  the left leaning parties are almost all against the euro and want to renogiate the debt . 
  the center parties are in favour of more integration . 
  just because the establishment parties in your country are in favour of the status quo and therefore do n't say anything ( or say very little ) about the eu , it does n't mean they do n't have a policy on it . 
  another good example for this is the uk . 
  the tories are split on eu membership , but they want a referendum and cameron is fighting for more sovereignty for the uk . 
  do you think british people did n't thing of this when they went to the polls ? 
  why did ukip get so many votes then ? 
  what ? 
  the european council is comprised of the heads of state or heads of government of each state . 
  they were voted by , and since they are in this position , they have a european mandate . 
  also , the candidates are voted by the european parliament . 
   here 's a solution : pay your debts . 
  oh look , problem solved !, 
  who do you think the eu commission is chosen by ? 
  of course not . 
  only in terms of growth . 
  everything else , not so much . 
  guess i do n't actually then . 
   produce well , let 's set up some factories and get to it , then . 
  we need more production capability , more productivity in internet company making . 
   feels like the us in the 50s in here . 
  i wish . 
  with your reply to me , you were n't arguing what you were in your fist comment . 
  why do you think the eu is undemocratic ? 
  that 's your opinion and it still does n't make the eu undemocratic . 
  the eu is as undemocratic as every government ever . 
  the polls are 70/30 in favour right now , though ... 
   increase abstinence rates yeah , i heard a lot of people go out to get laid on election night . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  source ? 
  famous austrian people : hitler . 
  do n't worry , it 's not really about the singing . 
  i 'm serious , it 's really not . 
  well , you get the point about me not getting his point . 
  oh no ... it 's russia . 
  be nice people . 
  please , be nice to them . 
  edit : i quite like the song , and the message . 
  polandball has flag jokes , puns , historical references and stereotypes . 
  there are offensive steriotypes of many countries , not just poland . 
  can you point out some comics that mock polish people ? 
  `` poland ca n't into space '' is not mocking polish people , it 's just a meme . 
   if they were portraying jews or black people as idiots , would it still be funny ? 
  polandball does n't portray polish people as idiots , and even if it did , it would n't be a problem . 
  it does portray you as uneducated immigrants who come to the uk only to clean toilets . 
  i do n't think comics about stereotypes harm polish people in any way , especially if they are presented in such a silly way as they are in polandball . 
   especially now when there 's a growing trend of portraying my country as losers ( polandball ) polandball is not about bashing poland . 
  recently there was a comic making some brutal remarks about portugal . 
  am i being oppressed just because of that ? 
  also , you ca n't take jokes that seriously . 
   polish death camps this is a fair criticism of media and people who use this phrase . 
  however , i would n't think you are being oppressed just because some people mistake german death camps for polish . 
  that 's a mistake people make about the name ; everyone knows that it was nazi germany who built and operated those camps , and not poland . 
  a much better argument for the polish being oppressed would be that polish immigrants are discriminated against . 
  but that also works for many other east european countries . 
  polish people need to get over their victim complex , just like portuguese need to get over their inferiority complex . 
  poland also did bad things , and portugal is not a little boy who ca n't achieve anything except with a miracle . 
   i 'm from a neutral country prepared to be bombarded with replies from nato hawks who think eu member = nato member . 
  yes . 
  many countries , not just poland , have been victims of colonialism . 
  can you shut up about it ? 
  in theory , everything that is n't work for zero pay with very bad working conditions is n't slave labor . 
  what 's your point ? 
  well , arroz goes from a to z , huehuehue, 
  fool me once , shame on me ... 
   they 'll stop when they know that they 'll be sent to fucking greenland . 
  no they wo n't . 
  i think it 's more fair to divide the us into states , and compare those to european nations then you 'd see even more who has the fattest populations . 
  i 'm positively sure it 's all the southern states : texas , mississippi , louisiana , kentucky ( kfc lol ) , etc. 
  those states drag the average of the country up , while other states ( maybe california and the northeastern states ) keep it `` down . '', 
  what 's the average for europe ( or the eu ) as a whole ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  who would shoot like that ? 
  those are two different countries , you idiot !, 
  i wake up to a loop of that every day . 
  in international matters , portugal 's position does n't differ much from france 's or the uk 's . 
  we are everyone 's little bitch ( except spain 's , we do own that piece of ocean over there , those are not rocks ) . 
   excluding ` do n't knows ' the poll shows the yes side at 69pc ( -7 ) and the no camp at 31pc ( +7 ) . 
  do n't worry , it 's still in the bag . 
  so i think . 
  but really , these things should never be decided by a referendum . 
  these are the rights of a minority we are talking about . 
  edit : apparently , there 's no other way of doing it in ireland , as a marriage equality would be considered unconstitutional by the supreme court ( as many replies point out ) . 
  caucasian . 
   balancing greece 's books , refinance the sovereign debt , regaining some financial capabilities to implement economic stimulus packages , and cease to beg the eu/eurozone to be its nanny , always paying off greece 's debts , sounds like realistic plan with solid results , not bullshit .
