  it 's been a loooong time since i 've heard about how lazy greeks are . 
  sigh ... 
  on a serious note : europe should not become a country . 
  we would lose all those sweet un votes . 
  federation ftw !, 
  you should compare portugal and spain . 
  both have many old people who did n't learn english in school , both had dictatorships which crippled their economies * until the mid seventies , and both entered the eu in 1986 . 
  the [ difference ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/map-of-the-percentage-of-people-speaking-english-in-the-eu-by-country/ ) ( data from 2012 ) is not that big , but portugal , a much poorer country , has more proficiency in english than spain . 
  \\* - i 'm not going to debate this , so let me state what the majority of economists think ( talking about portugal , do n't know about spain ) : investing in agriculture and hoarding gold is not a good way to build a developed economy . 
  if you want to be a rich country you have to have a solid manufacturing industry , but more importantly , you must provide services which provide jobs that ca n't be shipped to developing countries where wages will always be lower . 
  on a side note , i would like to say that anyone that proposes we have another leader like salazar did not live in mainland portugal when he ruled , so i would advice you to stfu . 
  cheers . 
  everything east of france is now eastern europe . 
  yes you do . 
  thank you england for standing with us all this time . 
  thank you spain for being an excellent rival ( and for buying our towels ) . 
  thank you france for the eu ( and the si ) . 
  thank you greece for making us look better . 
  thank you germany for the money . 
  thanks . 
   some migrants might have family in one member state but could be dispatched to another to fulfill the new quota . 
  well , this is actually counter-productive . 
  if the goal of this policy is to make assimilation easier , it must not ignore individual situations like these . 
  if you are an immigrant , having your family with you is one of the most important , if not the most , things you can do to make sure you feel at home in a foreign country . 
  on the other hand , maybe there 's no choice , or we should n't treat some immigrants in a special manner just because they have family in the country . 
  eli5 why is assange trying to avoid an extradition to the us ? 
  brics, 
  they are in the eu , and eu members would defend them . 
  give them benefits only in the country they arrived . 
  in my opinion , those countries also have a responsibility to help developing ones ( if they have the ability to ) . 
  in this respect , i think european countries fare much better , as they are the ones who are helping the most . 
  however , i was specifically talking about the mediterranean sea . 
  as such , it 's a fact that africa , as a whole , is less developed than europe . 
  so , in my opinion , european countries should help african ones to stop human trafficking through the mediterranean by rescuing these people from the sea and promoting stability across africa . 
  ps : i 'm sorry , but i ca n't continue the discussion right now . 
  feel free to leave a reply , but i have to study now . 
  maybe later , or tomorrow . 
  cheers . 
   why should we make sacrifices for people outside europe ? 
  they are people , just like us . 
  we should not let people suffer pointlessly . 
   do you think that people in other continents think they need to make sacrifices for people in other continents ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  i think it 's justified . 
  it would n't make sense for developing countries to help developed countries , just like it would n't make sense to put mississippi subsidizing california , or portugal bailing out germany . 
  helping serves as an equalizer , and an equalizer can not make the gap between the one who helps and the one who receives the help bigger . 
  obviously not . 
  in general , developed countries should help developing ones , so if our neighbors directly outside the eu are having troubles stopping human trafficking , and this is done through the mediterranean sea , we should patrol it . 
  this is quite case specific , and i 'm not sure where the boundaries really lie . 
  for example , australia should do rescue missions wherever the human traffickers send the boats heading for australia . 
  of course we do n't have all the money in the world to do this , and we have our own problems to solve at home , but we should still , in my opinion , make some sacrifices for people outside europe . 
  this means we should be spending a considerable amount of money on rescue missions ( much more than right now , which is the same as the italian mission ) and promoting stability around the globe , through diplomacy and peacekeeping missions . 
  if a fellow human being is going to die in the middle of the sea , i do think it 's my responsibility to rescue him . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  responsibility for helping , not for the deaths . 
  so you 're just gon na ignore those who die in the mediterranean ? 
  `` can we , can we ?! '', 
  `` good ` nuff , let 's go boys . '', 
  it has more to do with kosovo . 
  aside from that , the only thing that is necessary is reform . 
  but then they just put their kids in private school which do accept unvaccinated kids . 
  or is it not a problem in france ? 
  happy ~ ~ europe ~ ~ ~ ~ eu ~ ~ europe day . 
  the fact that , although minor , these wars existed confirms what i said . 
  after 1945 , the only wars in europe were in the balkans after the breakup of the ussr . 
  also , some of these wars were ended by outside intervention , which tells you how much mentalities have changed . 
  so , would you say ` stupid ' people deserve to live in poverty ? 
  this is because you know very little of history . 
  france , germany , the uk , and russia , before wwii , were constantly at war . 
  throughout the 19th century , war in europe was commonplace . 
  now , russia invades ukraine and there is outrage in europe , sanctions and the us is also helping ukraine . 
  we definitely learned our lesson from wwii . 
  source ? 
  well , there will be pressure for another scottish referendum , which might or might not happen before the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  assuming scots would vote yes this time around , they would remain in the eu if the referendum was take before the uk left , and would have to apply for membership if already out . 
  in the latter scenario , it would n't take long for scotland to reenter the eu , as they already meet the demands . 
  that 's what happens when you 're not in touch with the internet . 
  / r/podemos , on the other hand ... 
  and in second place the americans because they provided supplies . 
  good point , but i still think eu is an appropriate name . 
  really ? 
  i mean , * really * ? 
  of all the things that are wrong in the eu , you want to change its fucking name ? 
  op :  well you have to remember the western allies were closer to the soviet union then most people imagine . 
  wow . 
  this could n't be further from the truth . 
  where did he get this from ? 
   hell , some member states of the eu are bigger bureaucracies than the eu itself . 
  that 's a pretty big claim . 
  i 'm guessing maybe greece ? 
  at least the majority was always right . 
  democracy ftw !, 
  thank god for that !, 
   our science , industry and technology minister ( cahit aral ) drank radiated tea to to convince people [ 3 ] did his dick fly off ? 
   we should probably accept libyans cos that 's our fault , but most of them are sub saharan . 
  this should have nothing to do with guilt . 
  it 's about helping people . 
  just because a refugee is n't our fault , it does n't mean they do n't have a right to flee their country , and we an obligation to take him . 
  they ruined mexico . 
  they 're just trying to win votes ( or getting people from their base to vote , because this is counter-productive with the rest of the voters ) .
