why so much difference between belgium , and the netherlands and luxembourg ? 
  i agree . 
  it would be little weird if it was ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  it it were like that , france , or at least northern france would also show up very brightly colored . 
  the thought of going around a street of a small town in mexico with a furry costume is mildly amusing . 
  ha , look over there ... tiny little brazil . 
  well , when you have the us as an ally , it 's almost money being wasted here ... 
   the goal does n't need to be capable of prevailing in an all-in , damn-the-consequences war , but to be painful enough to attack that there will not be an attempt in the first place . 
  it 's why switzerland is not worth invading . 
   vietnam could n't beat the us in a war i agree with the analogy being made here , but vietnam is not a good example . 
  they 're an overseas countries with radically different terrain than the us , both of which were major factors that contributed to the us ' defeat . 
  ukraine and russia are n't even separated by a river , and they have the exact same weather , terrain , etc. 
  we have a town named cuba ... 
  surprised portugal 's thread was n't `` x years after decriminalization , everything is just fine in portugal . '', 
  i kinda liked all the attention ... :(, 
  can confirm : nobody cares about drugs in portugal . 
  eva ~ ~ brown ~ ~ braun edit : ups ... 
  i respect your trolling efforts , but now i wish to spend my time more wisely . 
  if you saw an economy with 50 % youth unemployment , and you saw an opportunity abroad , what would you do ? 
  this is not about being `` cool . '', 
  it 's about making a good living . 
  i do n't fault anybody for doing what 's best for themselves . 
  you , on the other hand , seem to be quite bitter about it . 
  the problem is not enough immigration . 
  it 's too much emigration . 
  young educated greeks are flocking to other eu countries because they have no future in greece . 
  as a result , the old and uneducated are left behind , and there 's no one left to pay their pensions . 
  they have more old people . 
  if you make the statistic `` public spending on pensions per 60 + year old '' , you 'll see that greek pensions are not actually that great . 
  breaking news : war breaks out in germany , poland , and 83 other countries !, 
   reasons are n't important . 
    reasons are the only important thing . 
  holy shit , can we just stop with the absolutes ? 
  why ca n't they be both important to a greater or lesser degree ? 
  yes . 
  africa and south america need to get their shit together . 
  if dutch people get to rule france , why not spain ? 
  greece is the entity that has made , so far , the most concessions in these negotiations . 
  they have crossed many of their election ` red lines ' . 
  talking about greek `` demands '' is contradictory and naive . 
   some of the report 's original ideas included : a single copyright valid across the entire eu ; placing works created by employees of government , public administration , and the courts as part of their official duty in the public domain ( that is , with no copyright ) ; allowing audio-visual quotation ( in online videos , for example ) ; enshrining freedom of panorama ( the ability to take pictures of public buildings and distribute them without permission of the architect ) ; and allowing the public to circumvent drm in order to make use of exceptions to copyright . 
  yes , yes , yes and yes !, 
   one defeat for reda is that her proposal to protect the freedom of panorama was not accepted . 
  instead , an amendment was adopted that stated `` commercial use of recordings of works in public spaces should require express permission from the rightsholders . '', 
  reda said this `` could threaten the work of documentary filmmakers and the legality of commercial photo-sharing platforms . '', 
  well , ca n't have everything ...  the report will now be voted on by the full european parliament on july 9 , where more amendments could be made . 
  the final text will then be sent to the european commission , which will use it as input for a legislative proposal on copyright reform , expected to appear by the end of the year . 
  anything could happen here , i do n't know about this . 
  that 's not really positive news ( except technically , because 1 %  0 % ) . 
  it 's damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  except if greece was given a debt haircut , lower interest rates , delayed payments , or all three . 
  creditors took a risk when lending to greece . 
  since it did n't work out , and they want their money back ( or most of it ) , they have to ease up on greece . 
  right now , they want to force greece into the same thing greece forced itself 4 years ago . 
  if they want their money back , they 'll have to recognize that austerity did n't work for greece , will not work again , and that they must cooperate with the greeks on a deal to end austerity and prevent a default and a grexit . 
  who 's number 1 ? 
   i could likely find a place in brazil with little effort , especially since one never knows when this european union we 've got going starts to crumble typical portuguese !, 
  when things get bad , just run away . 
   nobody from south america here do brazilians really use `` huehuehue '' ? 
  just because some disagree , it does n't mean they get to defy it by carrying out justice by their own hands . 
  if they want this to change , then they should vote for a party which would legalize these kinds of acts , because right now , it 's illegal to beat someone up for stealing something from you . 
  maybe the argument goes like this : gypsies are savages because they steal . 
  asians are savages because they beat up those who steal , instead of doing what every good ( read : white ) person would do , leaving it up to the police and the court . 
  gypsies and asians are bad , and europe does n't need this cultural enrichment . 
  lol , xd , hahaha , and kkkkk just for 40 year old moms . 
  estonia can into nordics . 
  rtp : supports government . 
  sic : against government . 
  tvi : conservatives . 
  fellow countrymen , correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  funny thing about bild : it 's the only german source our media ever cites . 
  i 've never seen another german newspaper on the news . 
  it 's always bild . 
  why would the eurozone be frustrated with the imf ? 
  maybe europe is just not ready for unification ... 
  / r/murica is leaking ... 
  but it 's good that the law * can * be enforced . 
  all it takes for social attitude to change is for some media coverage of cases where parents hit their children . 
  it 's not over night that that will happen , but i hope it will . 
  `` advanced interrogation techniques with negative physical feedback '' is a lot harder to understand than `` torture . '', 
  we all do . 
  what 's your point ? 
  in the whole article , there 's not a single mention of terrorism or terror ( * ctrl + f terror * ) . 
  it 's fucking unbelievable . 
  the title says that what they did was `` fuel insecurity for political gains . '', 
  is it that hard to make a connection to terrorism ? 
  are they that stupid ? 
  my assumption was that people have differing opinions because they are different people , and the opinions neutral newspaper would reflect the election results . 
  turns out people are very easily manipulated . 
  question : the newspaper who seems to get closer to the actual election results is the sun . 
  given that , could we say that the sun is the most neutral and objective newspaper ? 
  snp is not on this graph because their voters do n't read any newspaper . 
  i long for the days when syria can participate in the eurovision . 
  in many countries , you ca n't fine them above the value of the damage caused . 
  i do n't remember the term , but i think it 's a thing . 
  but people do n't wait that long . 
  by the time it becomes public domain , the people who killed the author would be dead themselves . 
  i do n't think that 's a good reason to prolong copyright , but it does end the possibility of `` it 's not piracy if we kill him '' ( i doubt that would be a problem , though ) . 
  either way , they started spewing bullshit conspiracy theories when they got butt-hurt because they lost .
