  [ oecd ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-j1cucudxysu/vn-d3bua7xi/aaaaaaaabf4/rtwughqxuyg/s1600/oecd%2breform%2bchart.png ) it just is n't true that greece did n't reform . 
   overtaxing the private sector just so they can keep feeding the lazy and corrupt public sector is not a `` reform '' . 
  selling off assets to the chinese and the russians is not a `` reform '' either . 
  if that 's what ` reform ' means ( which it is n't in whole ) , it 's what the troika asked for in exchange for financing , and the greek government at the time did n't even question it . 
  syriza is doing just that . 
   i believe greece would be allowed to run small deficit if it is accompanied by sound structural reforms that boost greece economy competitiveness . 
  so far reforms were just on paper . 
  greece is the country that implemented the most reforms . 
  they cut their deficit more than anybody else , and they implemented more structural reforms than anybody else . 
  i 'm on mobile right now so i 'll provide a source later . 
  such a drastic reduction of the deficit made the recession turn into a depression . 
  portugal and ireland are doing better than greece because they were given a lighter austerity package than greece 's ( and because the structure of the economy was better in the first place , especially ireland ) . 
  in soviet russia , border crosses you !, 
   greece was and still is spending more than it earns . 
  would a sound economist let this continue ? 
  absolutely . 
  deficit spending is not the devil . 
  and , in time of recession and crisis , it bolsters the economy and helps it recover . 
   eu has provided debt reduction and current debt has extremely favorable terms for greece current debt , yes . 
  but greece is still paying a lot of interest . 
  greece has the biggest primary surplus ( interest not in the calculation ) in all of europe . 
   first they try to work with you stop . 
  it 's even worse than op 's . 
  maybe you could do belorussian-style reselling to our markets ? 
  germans work hard , greeks are lazy . 
   in the french history , socialist almost every time made things worse . 
  that 's a pretty big claim . 
  can you please say what you mean by `` french history , '' `` socialist , '' and `` worse ? '', 
  excuse the irony , but now i 'm being serious : why do you think that ? 
   he did n't say you were wrong because you were a `` total smart-ass retard '' . 
  he implied it . 
  why would he be calling him names then ? 
  clearly , the purpose of calling someone a `` total smart-ass retard '' is too imply that they are wrong , and discredit them and their opinions . 
  if i were to say you are being arrogant ( just an example , i do n't actually think that ) , everyone would rightly assume that i 'm implying you 're wrong , and that , therefore , your argument is invalid . 
  to put it in another way : insulting someone in the middle of a debate is akin to an ad hominem , in the sense that you are indirectly trying to discredit an argument by discrediting the person arguing it . 
  it 's the context that matters . 
   they literally pick countries by countries . 
   they first go to greece , then italy , then france , then uk , then germany . .  they are taking their time to pick an eu country for themselves . 
   they are not really going to eu to find a place to have a peaceful life . 
   they are going there to have a rich and easy life , and by doing so they just show a big fat f.u. 
  to the other eu countries than germany in the meantime . 
  the overwhelming majority of refugees go to their respective neighboring countries . 
  jordan is the country most affected by this . 
  you are utterly misinformed on this topic . 
  laws changed by doing absolutely nothing :, 
  lobbying is n't as bad as people think it is . 
  politicians do n't know the specifics of everything . 
  nobody does . 
  so , they trust an opinion of someone who knows more then they do . 
  of course companies and think-tanks can lobby the government for their own private interests , but that 's not the lobby 's problem . 
  can an actual professional designer tell what they think of it ? 
  it looks ok , maybe even nice , but i feel i 'm not one to judge . 
   debt that greece is going to bring to the eu once they bail what do you mean ? 
  do n't try to moralize the situation . 
  there are certain things which are better for an economy like mexico , and competition from the biggest one is n't one of them . 
  by your definition , a slave would n't be classified as a refugee . 
  also , nice appeal to majority there . 
  this is my last reply . 
   there 's definitely no reason to give refugee to people from there just because the economy is n't good let 's , then , agree to disagree . 
   cultural enrichment you are human trash . 
  no , but if you 're going on these trips to australia , you are pretty desperate because your situation in your county is not good . 
  imagine what it would take for you to risk your life in this manner . 
  and these people just magically disappear , right ? 
  they stay in their countries , and they * die either way * . 
  many of them just think the government should force them to be vaccinated , even if they believe unvaccinated children should n't be allowed in public schools . 
  it 's really confusing . 
  ... for the 5th this week . 
  do not go to the / r/worldnews thread on this . 
  do not . 
  edit : actually , that 's not so bad . 
  / r/conspiracy is spinning this into a `` illuminati will control us because they will control our biology '' thread . 
  it 's quite entertaining , if not infuriating . 
   we will compromise , we will compromise , and we will compromise . 
  but we will not be compromised . 
  damn , that 's powerful . 
  wow . 
  i did not know only 9 % of unemployed people got unemployment benefits . 
  this is mind blowing . 
  can i get a source for that ? 
  nowadays , we actually export cheap labor to our great european overlords , who i welcome . 
   but never before has a people voluntarily decided to set themselves up to become a minority in their own country within a few generations . 
  this is what ticked me off . 
  until here , he was making good points that were worth debating , but i just ca n't understand why one would worry about not being a majority in your own country . 
  if you want to maintain your culture , that 's what countries are for . 
  also , sweden is one of the most democratic states in the world . 
  oh please !, 
  you actually think they would do 50 + languages ? 
  you 're just being obtuse . 
  the party supports racist policies , so i think that while many people do n't know it , they are supporting racist policies ( which just means they are ignorant ) . 
  that 's another question , whether or not it 's affordable and cost efficient . 
  i was only arguing against those who refuse to provide these services on an ideological basis . 
  and yes , maybe it 's too expensive to do something like this for every area of the country , but we should n't outright reject the idea . 
  it was n't about just language . 
  i was referring to the general attitude of `` we do n't like you , we do n't think you should live here , so we 're gon na make it difficult to do so . '', 
  but your example is even better . 
  it 's just part of being practical , instead of ideological . 
  sure , i would like for everyone to be able to speak portuguese when they 're in portugal , but not providing services in other languages wo n't help them do it , and will only alienate them further . 
  which is a complete asshole move . 
  there are even more people who ca n't speak english ? 
  let 's get rid off things that help them live here .
