   germans remain angry at u.s. spying practices , an issue german chancellor angela merkel has raised repeatedly with obama . 
  like she has any credibility on the issue . 
   in an effort to set a more positive tone , obama and merkel will spend some public time together before the summit on sunday , walking around a small village and sampling local food . 
  watch out michelle !, 
  she 's stealing your man !, 
  so basically , germany 's nancy grace ? 
  it 's still illegal . 
  and you think that 's morally acceptable ? 
  it 's corruption all the way down . 
  and up . 
  there 's no point in blaming the victim . 
  as long as people discriminate towards all roma people and muslims , they will continue to be overrepresented in crime staristics , etc. 
  you 're right on that part , i did n't realise that . 
  but my comment was not about immigration , it was about ending discrimmination against roma people and muslims . 
  you are literally the first person in this thread to mention immigration . 
  that 's a distinction you could certainly make , but in this case , these neo-fascists are clearly very xenophobic and racist , which would make them also neo-nazis . 
  you are using the strawman argument . 
  the statment which i commented on my previous comment was saying ee should not discrimminate based on ethnicity . 
  i said absolutely nothing about immigration . 
  that 's a very strong claim to make . 
  do you have a source that is n't anyone 's personal experience ? 
  some people , like my father for example , actually think it 's ok to discriminate against them because a minority of them do bad things . 
  messages against racism must be simple and concise . 
  something that you either agree or disagree , and disagreeing clearly makes you a racist . 
   people do n't hate roma because of their skin color that 's only somewhat true . 
  people associate a certain skin color to roma people , so the skin color causes discrimination even though a majority of roma people are n't criminals . 
  people will choose to highlight those who are , in fact , criminals because they have a prejudice against the entire ethnicity , which can be identified through skin color . 
  so , if a roma becomes a programmer or doctor , they will face discrimination because of their skin color , and not because of their culture . 
  it 's the chicken and the egg problem , but i think we should stop discriminating against them so that the problem is solved . 
  portugal here , out former pm is in jail for six months now without a trial , and counting !, 
  who are the two in the back ? 
   number 1 softpower in 2012 i 'm not doubting you , but can you provide a source ? 
  that 's a good point . 
  then , so be it , fifa should be political . 
  it should n't allow human right 's violations to go unpunished . 
  not respecting human rights is not apolitical , it 's amoral . 
  i do n't think fifa should be amoral . 
  qatar is a country known for it 's disregard of the universal declaration of human rights . 
  they might not have known , but they should have . 
  i would agree that cutting public spending in excess is damaging to the economic recovery . 
  in my opinion , if greece was given some relative slack , while still maintaining all structural reforms , they would fare much better . 
  however , i still maintain that one can not say if cutting spending is actually any good for the economy , as it has wielded different results in the case of greece and ireland . 
  if ireland did n't cut anything and only implemented structural reforms , would their recovering have been faster ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and australia has won , they are the new world champions !!!, 
   even though it is was the best for european watchers ( time zones ) although that is something to be considered , it is nothing compared to what 's happening in qatar right now . 
  slavery and death because of bad working conditions is unacceptable and we should n't put convenience before it . 
  can you explain yourself ? 
  why do you disagree ? 
  well , i do n't know what 's your argument , but i 'll present mine . 
  greece ( and , for that matter , also portugal ) did whatever it was told to do because when it asked for help , the program was n't negotiated . 
  it was either austerity , or bankruptcy . 
  you can see the contrast with the new government . 
  syriza disagrees with austerity because it thinks it 's a bad solution , and they are refusing to continue with the current program because it has been disastrous for greece . 
  ps : maybe you could be saying that the previous greek government agreed with austerity , so they should also be held accountable . 
  in that case , i agree . 
  this is also the situation in portugal . 
  nobody 's stopping you to do it a second time , like some other countries ... 
  yes , but it 's not fair to say ireland reformed ( they did ) and greece did n't . 
  greece did whatever they were told to do , which was austerity . 
  whether it was good or bad for greece was not , in my opinion , its fault because they just gave in to the demands of the troika . 
  i do n't think small countries like portugal would mind some more referees . 
  * you 're right , he 's just being a little obtuse . 
  turkish wikipedia : 5 . 
  \u0130lluminati, 
  greece was the country that implemented the most reforms in the eu . 
  the problem is that the reforms sucked . 
  that last one is great / r/shittyaskscience content . 
  that 's nothing coming from an old senile man who ca n't even speak correctly and passed out on our national day . 
  have you seen how our [ drones fly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6avfylv_zq ) ? 
  it 's glorious , like our empire . 
  and that this is a paradox . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  i was just giving the strongest example of portugal , which is our relatively recent history of colonialism . 
  that 's a quite selfish way to look at things . 
  refugees coming from , for example , syria are much better living in portugal than facing the dangers of war . 
  in my opinion , it is europe 's moral responsibility to help those who we have wronged in the past and are still hurting today . 
  colonialism is still very recent in history . 
  for example , angola and mo\u00e7ambique only got their independence in the mid 70 's , and while angola has found good resources they can build their economy with , mo\u00e7ambique is one of the world 's most poor countries ( and it 's not because africans are lazy and europeans are more civilized ; it 's because of past colonialism and predatory foreign policy nowadays ) . 
  i do n't see how 1700 people would be a problem for a country of 10 million . 
  this thread has gone to shit . 
  racism everywhere !, 
  it 's just a joke , and i 'm too lazy to provide sources . 
  but i think it 's fairly obvious that the uk is one of the most euroskeptic countries in the eu ( the polls show it ) . 
  i do n't know much about hungary , but judging by the current government , i would wager the population is not one of the most enthusiastic about the eu and the concept of european unity . 
  hungary and the uk are two of the most euroskeptic countries in the eu . 
  i think not !, 
  like american ones . 
  elephants and donkeys , that 's all they are . 
  russia would never dare attack america . 
   france  smells wait a minute ...  dailymail sorry op . 
  downvoted . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  guys , he 's not saying , by any stretch of the imagination , that merkel is close to orban in terms of ideology . 
   anyway , it 's still not a convincing point . 
  give me 200 years of `` european statehood '' and you 'll have your history , language , culture , identity . 
  ** chicken , egg . 
  ** that was beautiful . 
   and now we will have a political / fiscal / banking union anyway . 
  what makes you think that ?
