this began from you making a very incorrect statement  how they choose to moderate their site is their choice , and not a matter of `` overstepping local law . '', 
  local law has no say in it continued to you attempting to spin the debate with a strawman request  cite me the law that says facebook ca n't do what it did in poland 's jurisdiction . 
  and now to you rejecting facts and acting in a very childish manner . 
   far too vague -  blubbered back -  clown college, 
  the debate was whether governments set laws concerning if companies must moderate their platforms , not whether facebook can or ca n't do something . 
  i 'm not going to start proofing something i have n't argued for or against . 
  your poor capability to understand and separate issues is making this discussion quite meaningless . 
   i said there are no laws saying what facebook can and ca n't moderate on its own website , which is n't true at all , governments set laws concerning what companies must moderate . 
   you 're a moron mhmm . 
  what a bullshit statement . 
  governments indeed do impose restrictions on what companies can and ca n't do . 
  with the detroid comparison not making any sense as pointed out , and trump airing that opinion on twitter far before even running , i think it 's pretty fair to say that zero interest in facts is something you had . 
  often repeated but utter moronic crap of an opinion . 
  for starters : norway , australia , canada , new zealand . 
  also despite westerners and reddits general hate for arab states , living standards in united arab emirates , kuwait , qatar or saudi-arabia are far above of those in in say , pakistan . 
  did n't really get what the article was about . 
  - could n't they just clearly put what was edited . 
  well the way i saw that comment is that you are trying to justify naming a wifi in a way that offends being a crime . 
  basically you think it 's okay that offending someone is a crime . 
   thanks for worrying about our well-being , but we are fine fine here being that you are below almost all countries of europe , particularly western-europe in almost all metrics i can think of , metrics like life expectancy , economy , income or how you are perceived in the world . 
   it 's much better than in 1990s i do n't doubt that at all , but why is your instinct to blame west for misfortunes of the soviet system and it 's aftermath ? 
  what do you think has lead to the improvements after the 1990s ? 
  you wrote that you need to be `` strong and dangerous '' in order to not be a `` source of cheap manpower , natural resources , land '' . 
  now what actually has happened is exactly the opposite . 
  russian people have ended up being poor and russia to be a country that produces little to no value other natural resources . 
  being a place with not much more than land and cheap labor to offer . 
  so if reasons have now been agreed upon to be debunked , again my question is : have you thought if this `` strongest nation determines policy '' is actually beneficial for russia in longer term , and if so , how ? 
   we have a very simple choice - to be strong and dangerous or to loss our independence and became a source of cheap manpower , natural resources , land with nothing in exchange . 
  we simply do n't want it to happen . 
  now if we compare eu + efta countries to russia , which of them are wealthier , in which are wages low and which rely on natural resource exports for large part of their economy , so far so that natural resource exports are almost the only thing they export ? 
  could you answer the questions in my messages paragraph 3 ? 
   i am trying to explain to you how it looks from point of view of russian who used to live in the soviet union i do n't doubt the sincerity of the thoughts you have expressed . 
  however that only makes them even more concerning or depressing . 
  in a few posts we 've exchanged you 've expressed that `` nobody here wants ** real full-scale ** war with finland '' , redefine borders to your own preferences seemingly with no concern about sovereignty or borders of nations , and then proceeded not have knowledge of annexing part of this country . 
  ironically you 've then claimed that there is no cause for concern . 
  have you thought if this `` strongest nation determines policy '' is actually beneficial for russia in longer term ? 
  what do you think the standing of the moscow government is in international sense in the year 2016 , against , say against years 1966 , 1916 and 1816 ? 
  what do you think it 's going to be the development direction in the next 50 or 100 years ? 
   to be honest , have you ever visited crimea ? 
  whether i have visited crimea is irrelevant to the comment i wrote . 
   by not organizing a transparent referendum with foreign observers as , for example , people of uk or scotland did recently . 
  the propaganda efforts are working very well i see . 
  what your country has done is invaded a sovereign country , countries being ones with [ international boundaries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/united_nations_members.svg ) . 
  you should study these in russia . 
  the crime here is breaking the sovereignty of a country . 
  the notion that anyone would send international watchers to election held by bunch of international criminals is so laughable just to belief that you have to seriously misinformed . 
  also i 'm not sure whether to laugh or cry when you compare it to a sovereign country holding elections at it 's own territory . 
  what this really compares to is if finland send it 's green men to viipuri to hold elections for whether it 's part of finland or russia . 
  ( by the way a territory you annexed from us , if that 's something you are told , i 'm not aware of ), 
  if the well-being of the russian people was a top priority for the russian government perhaps the russian people would be well off . 
  also in your strawman you pick crimea over the other territory wars russia had/has ( georgia , other territories of ukraine ) and compare a country to a territory . 
  a separate mobile version is not very convenient . 
  you might just want to consider that perhaps the executives have a better grasp where their companies revenue comes from and what markets are important . 
  you can always sell games or software as separate product from a separate distribution channel , perhaps more limited version , in developing world , for example . 
  you do n't necessarily get the most profits by having the same pricing in different market areas . 
  particularly for business where making copies from the product does n't incur almost any additional expenses . 
  also particularly if you are in software business it might also be purely important to hold a large market share so that your product is widely supported . 
  the thoughts of an individual who has does n't understand the difference between concepts of private and state property . 
  it was iraq, 
  soo . . which one are you ? 
  that war started quite a bit earlier than the wars in europe , so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  would be interesting to know who people think of as the most influential person around the world though . 
  i wonder if there 's any research about it . 
   it is n't any more important because it happens to be his birthplace , as it does n't give any more insight into the person . 
  what was said :  hitlers childhood offers no insight into the person people are going to read or see a segment in show like this in the future , perhaps right from here , perhaps it will be written by a ai , either way : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adolf_hitler#childhood_and_education they are going to read about the character of him as a child , the poverty ( from their point of view ) , his brothers death from measles , him as a mediocre student , and wonder if they could see what was his life back then . 
  there 's going to be one less of a reference because identity politics destroyed it in 2016 , is that a good thing ? 
  well i would say looking nice is a very bad reason either way in this case . 
  at least from european perspective easily the most influential . 
  perhaps from western generally . 
  but i do n't think if you asked that in say china they would say so . 
  jesus you building fetishists . 
  it does n't look that extraordinary . 
  that being said i think it is a part of history . 
  in 100 years , or maybe even say by 2056 , people would want the building to be there , perhaps serving as a museum , and not have it demolished because of modern day fears . 
  if we start with this should napoleons house be demolished too ? 
  if genghis khan had a hut would we want it to have been demolished in the 1300s or to be there as is ? 
  same circlejerk every thread though . 
   you do n't actually know the rates for those years actually i did look at them and you did n't it seems , but are rather talking out of your ass . 
  the negative operating budgetary balance for the period 07-13 for uk according to the eu 's internet tables , which seems to be the source for the figures in the first place , is 34 102 million , or 0.25 % of gni . 
  the rebate amount is 32 390 million , or 0.24 % of gni . 
  if it was combined like that , it would make up for 0.49 % of gni . 
  not 0.6 % . 
  and still , it 's just a made up figure with no proof that it would move like that if the special clauses were to be revoked . 
  imaginary rate . 
   over 100 % higher wrong . 
  wrong both in that it probably makes no sense to count like that , and the figure . 
   you started this chain of argument by questioning my claim no . 
  first i asked how the article shows anything like that , then i actually just corrected your lies , which you refuse to correct . 
  i do n't think that 's any different to other countries who have territory disputes or separatists . 
   but you are being intellectually dishonest by selecting only the outer edge case amongst the group of contributors and ignoring all the rest i did n't select them . 
  here 's what you said :  all the major economies are making a broadly comparable contribution to the budget i simply took the major economies in my mind , germany , france and uk . 
  you are the one who chose major economies to compare it to . 
   and the fact that you are still weaselling your way out of trying to justify a pre-rebate rate of 0.6 % for the uk i never anything like this . 
  i have n't tried to justify such a rate and i would n't . 
  besides this imaginary rate is just that , a product of your imagination . 
  nowhere does it say that this rate would be the case . 
  it 's a product of you picking a spin figure ( typical for liars ) by choosing a specific year instead of the comparison period and assuming that the rebate deal does n't have other consequences in terms of funding . 
  let 's go through all what you 've done * claimed that 40 % difference = broadly same * picking spin year figure of 2015 to change the comparison period * saying major economies then starting to compare against other than major economies . 
  * dismissing the comparison to germany and only comparing to france so you can spin yourself facts and i do n't know the definition of words , let me laugh at that . 
  you are incredibly dishonest and a crooked person .
