  * - but that 's not what the study where the figures are supposedly from says . 
  if you had just bothered to look even at the summary of the paper where the shitty graph 's numbers are from , it does n't say anything like what you claimed . 
  http://www.cep.eu/fileadmin/user_upload/cep.eu/studien/umverteilung/cepstudy_summary_of_the_main_results.pdf next time refrain wasting peoples time with your useless crap . 
  honestly you should take a good look at your methods of getting information . 
  now all you have done is reinforced your previous believes without taking a 5 minute look where those figures mean . 
  also you never proved shit . 
  i 'm not going read that long of a piece just to confirm it does n't say what you claim it does . 
  you made your claim so it 's your duty to prove it . 
  so go on now , read the piece and take the quote . 
  or did you do that already and conclude you spoke bullshit ? 
   if you do n't think the uk is the highest net contributor per capita , who is ? 
  it does n't matter who it is . 
  what matter it is that it is n't the uk not only just because of the membership discount , but also because uk is n't the highest gni capita country either . 
  also i assume you admit you made bunch of bullshit up since you have n't provided the quote for your laughable claim . 
  brits generally , at least from the people i meet online , are some of the least informed but yet the most arrogant people within the eu about the eu . 
  perhaps it 's about having easier access to english language forums i read , where as other people have to at least be able to communicate in another language . 
  perhaps that filters people out a bit and plays a role . 
  any proposals under discussion concern the future of the union so what else is there to it ? 
   finland has less than the population of london so ? 
   why do you even bother showing up also ? 
  to have our impact on the future of the union as it 's member . 
  something uk 's saying it wo n't be . 
  that 's the separating factor , and you should really have noticed if you 've read this far , even if you are little on the slow end . 
  by voting on things it wo n't be a part of , the uk is effectively terrorizing and manipulating the unions development for it 's own gain . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a rule against it , completely clear rules are surely impossible to make , and often eu rules seem just the opposite of clear or well thought out . 
  i 'm not sure we can do a lot to stop it either . 
  but i am sure there 's bunch of stuff the eu and it 's members can fuck up for the uk . 
  is this is our newly developed relationship ? 
  i know very well what net means . 
  i do n't think your link says anything what you claim it says . 
  can you find me the quote since i ca n't be bothered to read it ? 
  there 's no requirement for it to be a member for years . 
  that 's uk 's own inability then and that should n't be the eu 's problem . 
   will likely continue to pay the most ( net ) per capita of any eu country that 's a joke . 
  the contributions are afaik mostly gni based , and where uk by far not the highest gni per capita country in eu . 
  lmao let me laugh at that . 
  if uk wants to stop following the eu law all it has to do is leave , that 's a very simple fact . 
  besides i doubt almost any of the things under discussion will apply right now . 
  and no it 's not reasonable for uk to have any special position in saying how the union is ran after it leaves . 
  so with most law not coming to force right now ( my assumption ) there does n't need to be voice for it . 
  that applies to the uk 's parliament just the same , it will also debate things that affect others . 
  so what ? 
  his country is to leave . 
  his opinions are similiarly important as mine about uk 's policy . 
  yet you do n't see me being in the westminster making speeches . 
  why would his opinion have any relevance in the european parliament ? 
   what exactly is made up ? 
  your description of the events . 
  i literally quoted the text that i wanted you to source . 
   edit : i checked your history . 
  we are done here . 
  if you 'd read them in the context and with thought you 'd probably agree with them mostly . 
  assuming thought is something you are capable of . 
  so no source as none of those say what you claimed . 
  just made up info . 
   he let the neo-nazis know what he thinks of them and where exactly in a news source does it say that ? 
  unless you can find a source it 's just a bunch of made up stuff . 
   i do n't know . 
  yet you felt like you had to answer a question you have no answer for . 
  that 's not a reason to make a speech . 
  why ? 
   you can have a lot of growth but 200 % of nothing is still nothing . 
  by definition you then have no growth . 
  i think i understand what you are implying , but i do n't think i agree at all . 
  in terms of population eu04 +07 members are only 100 million of the 500 + million total so any expectation they would provide majority of total growth is invalid just due to the population aspect . 
  i guess you could see the total eu economic growth in absolute terms from 2007 to 2015 , and if eastern enlargement would have contributed 20 % to it , that would be an equal share for their population . 
  so in order to say `` still nothing '' it would be only , say 5 % or less of the total growth . 
  however this could be pretty unrealistic expectation of catching up , or it could be little despite not being some growth . 
  the point i tried to address there was `` eastern enlargement ... 
  cost a shitload of money '' . 
  so how was this , how did eastern enlargement cost shitload of money ? 
   cost a shitload of money it 's southern and western economies that have zero to very slow growth , not eastern eu members . 
  if you refer to eu transfers they are what , one third of eu-budget , if even that ? 
  with eu contributions being near 1 % of gni is it even a 0.33 % fiscal transfer ? 
   got the uk out on the question of eastern european immigration that 's only one of the things that has played a role in the uk 's vote . 
  just as well has the eu 's inability and ridiculous approach of dragging people outside of the continent in and saying `` this is a solution to migration crisis '' . 
  besides the difference between an accepted concept of freedom of movement within the union and social migration from outside of the union is pretty large . 
   took part in the invasion of iraq just like the uk , italy , netherlands , denmark , spain and portugal which are all in the eu as well as norway . 
  without the union less powerful eastern-european states are more , not less , pressured by foreign powers . 
  there 's a historical reason which has lead them to this position , and that has everything to do with ww2 . 
  the concept that there will be less foreign policy conflicts without the union or them being in the union is laughable . 
  what exactly are you implying there ? 
  and even in that one all it says is that the court ruled that they can be sued . 
   i did feel less manly than the guys issued with the ag3 ( norwegian-made g3 ) , but that was the only real downside as far as i am concerned . 
  this is important because if the war ends in a standstill whoever has the bigger guns ( ergo less practical ones ) wins . 
  maybe if you read the messages again you can decipher what the difference is between your message and the context . 
  well i cant solve issues that exist in your head unfortunately . 
  the context was consumer tech . 
  apple is not primarily a computer manufacturer, 
  that 's just not true and they can indeed label fantasies as news . 
  there 's only certain limited things you perhaps should n't do , like libel and maybe this assuming there 's any real consequences , which i would n't bet on . 
  other than that it 's exactly what they should do , and what they do . 
  fantasies just sometimes fit the purpose better , whether that 's turning profit or something else . 
   lying in media is punishable by law the simple fact that the law says this does n't change the purpose of why companies exist . 
  i find that to be such a silly argument i 'm not sure what to reply . 
  it 's just not the case that sky plc has motive to inform people , what they do is act in the interest of their owners . 
  telling actual news just happens to serve their owners in some cases , where as in others making up stories does . 
  they could do it to get more viewers to sell ads at higher price , to manipulate the political discussion , or perhaps it 's just to cause commotion and draw attention to itself . 
  either way it has nothing to do with news , this is not news , it 's a made up story . 
  news is about ( new ) information , usually about events that have taken place .
