  as this is n't an event that has taken place , it 's neither news or information . 
  how these can be hard for you to distinguish is somewhat of a mystery to me . 
  do you not see how that disqualifies it from the category of news and information , and subsequently sky from entity that is there to inform people ? 
  i guess if you repeat the same sentence enough many times you 'll get bunch of dimwits to repeat it without anyone analyzing what the claim actually asserts . 
  people often repeat this moronic sentence : `` medias duty is to inform people '' . 
  no it 's not . 
  medias duty is to serve the interests of their owners . 
  disinforming , informing or selectively not informing is nothing more than a side effect of this duty . 
  i 'm not against prosecuting people for made up stories , but it does n't really solve the issue . 
  all they have to do is pay a little more to the actors next time . 
  so the article is a complete lie by some advocacy website and redditors will happily upvote it ? 
  then you miss the very basics of how real world operates . 
  deals are not based on some artificial fairness index , but rather based on two parties seeing that this deal is beneficial for them . 
  maybe others pay less because they have less monetary value for the service and therefore they would walk away from the same deal . 
  maybe they pay less because they ca n't afford more . 
  maybe it was part of a deal that includes other beneficial things for our side of the agreement . 
  maybe the expected value of the service has changed . 
  it can be any number of factors you see ? 
  either way you miss that it does n't really matter what third parties think about the fairness of deals between other parties . 
  it 's either that , or your confusion is intentional . 
  now there 's a clever way to quilt trip entire nations of people who had nothing to do with nazis or nazi ideology . 
  besides socialism is what ultimately divided europe in longer term . 
  and what is socialism if not populist ? 
  fair enough . 
  note how borders are controlled just to `` fight populism '' . 
  it 's not because having controlled borders is a reasonable policy , it 's not because having huge swathes of paperless people is a security concern , and it 's not even because the so called refugee policy is n't an optimal solution to helping people . 
  no , it 's to `` fight populism '' . 
  itt : brits being surprised that by not being a eu member they wont get the membership benefits . 
   he was taken to the hospital , discharged a few days later , not accurate . 
  he left the hospital despite repeatedly being told not to leave , as well as used drugs during his stay . 
  tell me about it . 
  personally i never use my bonus cards when paying with drug money . 
  what an awful piece of political propaganda . 
   yes , i found that it did n't fit the narrative . 
  what do you think the narrative is then ? 
  do you understand what the difference between per capita or 1000 crime and total crime is ? 
  who is claiming the more recent migrants are more often criminals than the ones that already are ? 
  there 's a clear and absolutely huge margin where migrants are more often suspected of crimes than natives in the graph , literally a 50x to 100x difference . 
  saying anything else is nothing else than whitewashing . 
   i can see a trend here , but anyway , but it seems to be declining , which does n't fit the narrative of immigration = crime . 
  you can see just a trend , but it does n't fit the narrative ? 
  in that graph there is a 50x to 100x crimerate for some nationalities . 
  it fits my narrative very well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  and those `` other reasons '' are what makes it suck in the first place . 
  no amount of face improvement projects are going to make the highways , which cut it off from services , disappear . 
  no amount of pretending is going to bring services there , there just is n't enough purchasing power to support it . 
  there 's not enough people , and there 's not enough working people . 
  the population is n't enough to qualify for acceptable public transport seeing it 's shitty geographic location . 
  nothing is going to make municipality border disappear . 
  the flaws in it are in the forming and the only thing that would fix it is bunch of napalm . 
  it should serve as an example of what not to do in the future . 
  do n't build areas for social based migration . 
  do n't pick such a shitty geographic area . 
  have enough people living in the area to support services . 
  do n't have arbitrary municipality borders . 
   life imprisonment is thoroughly unethical my view is that it 's a very good and humane idea to lock people up permanently without any chance of parole . 
  people like these are a good example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_prisoners_with_whole-life_tariffs, 
  if you 're into aids that is . 
  they hope to start plasma experiments by 2025 and dt experiments by 2035 . 
  these are dates that have been pushed back like 10 times by now . 
  this graph really needs to be spammed more , particularly when people keep going about how energy effiency is going to be any kind of solution to clean energy generation challenge . 
  you get to be part of this large market which increases the quality of products and/or decreases prices . 
  i think there might be a problem with your baby . 
  whats a phrenologist ** s ** and is being a scummy liar requirement for it ? 
  if not it does n't answer my question . 
  in any case my recommendation is to stop being a scummy liar and claiming theres no good method to test peoples ages . 
  why are you such a scummy liar ? 
  you need to create more downsides to getting caught . 
  currently if people are getting caught in mass there 's clearly enough incentive to cheat ( therefore one must conclude that it 's already figured out ) but now you need to place further weight on the downsides . 
  simultaneously you can also use these high punishments as a doubt and uncertainty creating pr program , as a defense mechanism for any allegations for state run doping programs . 
  after all , it would n't make any sense to simultaneously sponsor athletes to take doping , and then prosecute people getting caught in it , right ? 
  seemingly contradictory goals like these can always be beneficial . 
  after all the goal is not just to cheat and win , but rather cheat , win and not get caught while doing that . 
  also there needs more obfuscation to cover up actions . 
  since the main method of funding needs to come from the government ( since after all it is the governments goal , applies to all governments ) , but at the same time it ca n't be transparent . 
  this poses a problem , but it can be managed . 
  example is to create dozens of non-governmental organizations which are launched for legit seeming purposes . 
  say one funds youth sports arenas etc. 
  then at step 2 , you change the non-governmental organizations goals to also include funding competitive sports , but this needs not to be transparent , after all they are non-government organizations . 
  it 's important to not make it the main funding goal , but rather a slice of it , so that people who go over this are left but doubt about their theories . 
  furthermore even if someone discovers part of it , because the portion seems so small it can be more easily explained ( lied ) about , containing the issue to be smaller . 
  currently if the states other parts , like if federal police are involved in it , the loop is way too tight . 
  proper obfuscation mechanisms are needed for this business . 
  i did reply to it , but if you really ca n't find it i 'm afraid you are beyond helping . 
  i really ca n't fix you problems with comprehension from here no matter how much i would want . 
   you did n't answer the question i explained what you asked and had trouble understanding . 
   why are prices so different in different countries ? 
  i already replied to this question . 
   they all have access to the same technology . 
  and how would you know something like that ? 
  prices in market are a function of supply and demand . 
  here you are proposing to alter supply , which is a component that makes up the prices , therefore changing prices . 
  if you managed to spend 9 or more years in school and not learn such basic fucking concept you should be angry . 
  you should be angry at all the rubbish schools you went to or you should be angry at yourself for not listening . 
  really no wonder what kind of rubbish commentary i 've seen you write . 
  of course things do n't make any sense to you since you do n't grasp basic concepts like this . 
  yet another person that does n't understand how prices are set in a market economy . 
  no one owes you an explanation , particularly when the issue you do n't understand ( how prices are formed in market ) is such a common knowledge subject . 
  you are just going to have to research it yourself .
