  no one said that . 
   an authoritative developing world country has done an authoritative policy . 
   i see no reason why this practice should n't be more wide spread . 
  the things is he can be banned from new zealand just fine if their law enables it . 
  i bet it 's already reducing our service quality with lower investments in network gear and operators trying to set the contracts so that they are n't a problem in future . 
  for example trying to sell only expensive 20 + eur packages . 
  i think the lowest prices have been either going up or stagnated . 
  you used to be able to get unthrottled and unlimited 3g connection for 2 $ a month as an offer from elisa . 
  nothing like that has been available lately . 
  but i guess it 's good for germans and southern europeans that they 'll get us to subsidize their 3rd tier infrastructure . 
  there 's more eu voters on that side of the issue anyway , so what can we do ? 
  nothing i guess . 
  seems like completely against the subsidiary principle in which decisions would be made at that level where it 's best for the members of the eu . 
  something we were promised we joined . 
  proper eu socialism , change the rules so that the smaller and cheaper companies disappear to enable internationalists and larger companies . 
  think if people who regularly travelled had to pay for the extra expenses they produce , instead of having it be paid by poorer non-travelling people . 
  what a disaster that would be . 
   you 've scaled your argument back considerably now no i have n't , my argument is exactly same . 
  i wrote on the very first post the what the problem is . 
   50/50 in finland and somewhere else means either people who commute to or from sweden and estonia , which for the most part have the same carrier companies finland does no it does n't mean that . 
  i never said they would commute daily , that 's a product of your own failure in thinking . 
   your germans taking finnish contracts argument also gets a bit murky considering the germans would have to live in finland for half of the year , which just silly . 
  what exactly are you implying here ? 
  well for one my aunt did this for quite some time . 
   i 'm basing it on what someone from germany posted above , that even at ' $ 8.7 per gb ' foreign contracts would be attractive . 
  that does n't talk anything about overall prices within eu , so you admit you based it on absolutely nothing ? 
   all this will result in german carries having to lower their pricing to at least match the foreign ones + surcharges . 
  no it does n't - the price will still be paid by someone . 
  who pays depends on what the foreign carriers will charge the finnish carriers . 
  and naturally they will charge what makes them as much profits as possible . 
  they do n't care if finnish customers have to pay for this nonsense . 
  the previously mentioned surcharges only enable operators on some conditions to charge the customer . 
  it 's suppose to stop say a german who only lives in germany just getting a finnish contract and having unlimited data that way , making us pay for his or hers data . 
  it does n't stop travellers from using it or people who live 50/50 in finland and somewhere else . 
  that 's the whole base on the so called `` free '' roaming in the first place . 
  surcharges are not allowed to apply regularly . 
   push prices down in countries with telecom monopolies . 
  and how 's it worked when large countries with large unified price areas and large operators have higher prices and bad networks ? 
  like u.s and germany does ? 
  what exactly do you base this on then , because it 's not anecdotally true ? 
   did you read the list of safeguards for carriers ? 
  yes  surcharges . 
  and how exactly will these be monitored and controlled in detail ? 
  answer is there is no simple solution . 
  besides will it stay the same way ? 
  because whole eu 's point seems to be to equalize the markets . 
   besides the fact that it 's presumptuous no it 's not , the fact that there is a `` protection '' clause against `` abuse '' means that it is n't presumptuous . 
  if something is presumptuous here it 's you since you literally read about the protections then still said that the very same thing protections try to prevent is `` presumptuous '' . 
  that if anything is presumptuous , you are a very presumptuous person . 
   it 's exactly the opposite of your flawed logic , they 'll be subsidizing your own infrastructure since whatever subscription fee they pay will still go to finnish carriers , did you not understand anything i wrote ? 
  they are customers that are a larger expense than the domestic customers if our operators have to pay other operators for market prices . 
  that 's the whole reason why the other operators in other countries have higher prices in the first place . 
  finns are n't really smart enough to realize that the roaming rules will make us pay for the network development in anti-technology places like germany and southern europe . 
  the reason for this is because when roaming charges are banned , international users will naturally gravitate towards the better contracts in other countries , in this case the finnish ones for example . 
  while the operators are legally prohibited from billing the users for their expenses , they still have to pay roaming fees themselves . 
  it has to be then paid by regular , non-roaming customers . 
  it leads to channelling of money from our customers to your operators , which will occur as long as our contracts are better . 
  it will drive to equalize service quality around the eu , meaning that our services will be worse than they would without it . 
  even if those limitations on roaming exists for now : 1 . for how long since eu has constantly changed the rules and 2 . 
  how practical is it to try to enforce something like that ? 
  probably not at all . 
  personally i 've had unthrottled and unlimited 3g/4g connection for like 8 years now . 
  nowadays i move over 100gb/month . 
  i wonder how much i 'd have to pay for that if i was a german , probably something like 9 billion euros a month . 
  the sad thing is that some operators ( namely teliasonera ) here have already dialed back unlimited data - sign of what is to come with this development . 
  when i lived in germany in 2011 , on top of the dismal 1 or 2gb limit and pathetic speeds , vodafone would literally proxy all data , compressing images to unwatchable levels , break security and web pages while at it , then claim to be doing a favour for you . 
  the network would also often disconnect or throttle . 
  it felt like i had taken a time machine backwards . 
  it would have been funny if it was n't such a legalized robbery . 
   muslim teacher [ sic ] is also raising the poinz [ sic ] that in islamic schools teching [ sic ] the religious education is one of the most effecrive [ sic ] tools to prevent that [ sic ] young people become [ sic ] radicalized clearly that 's how it must work because some muslim said so . 
  great argument based on logic . 
  absolutely no flaws in it / s you are just mad because your favourite mass psychosis is being toned down . 
  you should think about why this produces such an emotional reaction in you . 
  perhaps you can overcome your own psychosis if you put some effort into it . 
   this is the most idiotic thing i have heard in a while . 
  yes indeed your post is . 
  have n't heard of any cases like that yet . 
  no one went to jail for the cases i brought up . 
  i never claimed there was n't a difference in gdp or gni per capita . 
  i did read the studies summary indeed . 
  on redistribution based on eu budget is says `` the largest net contributor per inhabitant is sweden with $ 183 , followed by denmark with $ 169 , and the netherlands with $ 165 . 
  germany is in fourth place with $ 146 . '', 
  on per capita redistribution based on financial assistance it says `` of the creditors , luxembourg bears the greatest burden . 
  the country would have to receive $ 1,630 per inhabitant in order to be adequately compensated for the liability risks . 
  the netherlands with $ 1,174 , germany with $ 1,152 , finland with $ 1,141 and austria with $ 1,129 each bear a burden which is about one third smaller . '', 
  on redistribution based on european investment bank it says `` the greatest burden is borne by denmark with $ 166 per inhabitant . '', 
  except instead of using it as state income it 's used to fund systematic corruption with the guise of charitable purposes . 
  example : nuorisos\u00e4\u00e4ti\u00f6 which receives money through ray is suppose to help youth get apartments . 
  in reality it gives a huge amount of money to center party and other ( mostly right wing ) - politicians . 
  second example : urheiluopistos\u00e4\u00e4ti\u00f6 which is suppose to help athletes gave money to the social democratic party . 
  both have been convicted in courts . 
  https://www.edilex.fi/data/uutiset/nuorisosaatiotuomio2013.pdf and https://www.prh.fi/fi/uutislistaus/2014/p_1429.html, 
  so now we have proof that the study does n't say anything like your ridiculous and laughable claim . 
  it does n't talk about a 15-year period at all . 
  you have some significant problems with reading and comprehension . 
  it says that your claim was bullshit . 
  alright , i went ahead and did 5 minutes of research and here 's why it 's completely bullshit . 
  in future refrain from speaking when you do n't know anything about the subject . 
  your problem is that nowhere does it say that in the article . 
  you looked at the graph and thought * well germany has more population than us so it must be that we pay more per capita .
