i do n't mind them , and most people in my social circle do n't mind paying taxes . 
  in return we get health care , education , and other social services . 
  lol dude , stupid term ? 
  we have the exact same kind of term here in norway - alumni . 
  33 % of our population (  16 years or older ) have higher education , meaning at least 3 years of university or college . 
  10 % have a master \u00b4 s degree . 
  pretty common in other words . 
  sweden or denmark . 
  norway won \u00b4 t join any time soon . 
  vw , volvo , mercedes , and bmw . 
  we have a fair share share of vietnamese people in norway , and they are well regarded . 
  hard working , integrated people and law abiding people . 
  so all good . 
  baguette with avacado , fried eggs and crispy bacon . 
  atleast once a week , if not more . 
  we produce a lot of salmon so it \u00b4 s relatively cheap here and of good quality . 
  i really don \u00b4 t know what species , but not far from me there are rivers with wild salmon that taste amazing . 
  how do i eat it ? 
  all sorts of ways . 
  smoked , salmon burgers or just plainly pan fried etc. 
  indeed !, 
  jesus , i shuddered by just reading that . 
  no one to feel close to . 
  manchego , cheddar or brie . 
  i just can \u00b4 t choose one of them . 
  i believe we rejected a similar proposal from britain . 
  we are not anti-eu really , because we benefit greatly from the eea agreement , and quite frankly , as a small country we are dependent of being in the inner circle of trade with the eu . 
  people in general do not want to join the eu , because we want to protect our currency , and aqua - and agriculture . 
  the general view , even among the tradition pro-eu political parties , is that we do not want to join and we want our independence in certain areas . 
  england , motherfuckers !, 
  awesome people with a great sense of humor . 
  underrated food . 
  so much good music . 
  football . 
  beer . 
  deep and interesting history . 
  love those bastards !, 
  come here on our national day ( may 17th ) there will be a sea of traditional dresses and suits . 
  yeah . 
  it is pretty common for women to use them in more formal events like weddings , public events , confirmations etc. 
  although the vast majority will use dresses , suits , etc. 
  as a norwegian that has travelled a fair amount in australia , and other wealthy and expensive places such as tokyo , nyc , switzerland and so on . 
  i have yet to experience anything more expensive than norway . 
  it is fucking depressing . 
  i see the appeal for sure . 
  sorry about that . 
  agreed . 
  black metal has a really small crowd , and most people dislike it or have no relationship to it . 
  yet loads of foreigners think it \u00b4 s all we listen to . 
  amazing food , passionate and emotional people ( football , dance etc. 
  ) , generally quite religious , very family centered communities and beautiful people . 
  however , never seem to get their shit together politically and economically . 
  a lot of drugs and social inequality with just general poor leadership . 
  sweden and denmark . 
  hard to say which one is our best bud . 
  we have close ties in different ways . 
  the norwegian company [ kongsberg gruppen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kongsberg_gruppen ) makes some pretty sophesticated stuff . 
  it \u00b4 s a pretty unavoidable trade-up dude , quality vs. quantity , unless we literally want to use all our tax money on health care . 
  we are a small country , and can not compete with the large and resourceful countries that have a long history with medical research . 
  yes , and hell yes . 
  we are a small country , and the us is the best ally we could have . 
  not very common , but no one will care to be honest , youll be ok . 
  indeed . 
  lets be honest here . 
  this pale scandinavian skin won \u00b4 t handle the australian heat . 
  canada or australia/new zealand . 
  probably canada . 
  there really is no country i do not want to visit . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say so . 
  i can \u00b4 t think of anything out of the ordinary . 
  we are pretty adaptable . 
  i would move to nyc in a heart beat , but only if i could have decent wage so that i can actually live a decent life . 
  i really love the culture with broadway , theatre and music scene . 
  the night life is amazing and the food scene is unreal , and probably no city really comes close to the quality and diversity . 
  there is a huge diversity of interesting and friendly people , i never understand the rude new yorker thing , they are super friendly compared to people in most big european cities . 
  oh and the smell . 
  nyc doesn \u00b4 t smell worse with more trash than any big city i have ever been to , it is how big cities are . 
  we like you guys . 
  there are a lot of similarities . 
  we both share the kind of bitterness for living in a place that generally has shit weather . 
  we are pretty close to eachother geographically . 
  we both generally suck in football , but still enjoy the game . 
  you have oil , we have oil . 
  you guys aren \u00b4 t too bad . 
  fair enough . 
  he actually answers the question , yet you dismiss it . 
  we really do not tip , not even strippers . 
  wait . . someone french that prefers beer over wine ? 
  i \u00b4 m astounded . 
  i was in france this summer , and it truly is wine heaven . 
  yeah , so we had unions with both sweden and denmark for hundreds of years . 
  never again . 
  never any unions period . 
  nothing with sweden , denmark or whatever , and in particularly not the eu . 
  we are in such a good state , that i can \u00b4 t see anything beneficial with an union , maybe only military wise , but we have that covered with nato . 
  aperol spritz is amazing . 
  thank you . 
  aperol spritz is becoming increasingly popular here . 
  it is amazing . 
  i personally love the us , and most poeple here like the us .
