  i can see the anti-uk group to get a serious bump in percentage , if it comes to brexit . 
  production partially returned to germany , automated . 
  see ??? 
  that 's the misinformation he was talking about !, 
  the internet has led me to believe their flag is * blue * and yellow !, 
  balkan food in general is fantastic . 
  i love love * love * serbian grill , especially ustipci ( apparently the meat based variant , as in [ here ] ( https://www.thefooddictator.com/hirshon-serbian-bacon-cheeseburger-bites-leskovacki-ustipci/ ) ) is my favorite . 
  then there 's the turkish doner kebab and the greek gyros or any other variant of the name/recipe there exists . 
  or the bulgarian tarator ( some relation to tzatziki ) which is pretty much the best thing ever created , as it combines the bulgarian love for cucumbers , superior bulgarian yogurt , and quite often garlic . 
  but all those foods can be found all over the balkans under slightly different names and slightly different recipes , very often finding their roots in the middle east . 
  except for the bulgarian shopska salad , which was the pinnacle of food engineering in socialist bulgaria , and practically allows for the consumption of unlimited amounts of rakia , while the hangover in the morning is cured with shkembe ( tripe soup , but you should try it ) . 
  then again , there 's not a particular european cuisine i hate . 
  there are of course foods that i dislike , but one dish does n't make up a cuisine . 
  it 's not greek of course , and most likely does n't have anything to do with what you 've eaten . 
  it just was eaten a lot in ottoman times , and afterwards i guess in yugoslavia . 
  yours was probably prepared with potatoes while the greeks use eggplant . 
  and saying that it comes from the middle east is n't particularly wrong either , as there is a huge arabic/turkish influence in balkan cuisine and there 's no point denying it . 
  oh , that 's a wholly different thing . 
  there are many poor people who return scrap metals , but i do n't really know how official any of that is . 
  most of those places look shady as fuck . 
  which makes it quite believable . 
  there is simply no recycling culture in bulgaria . 
  from the whole condominium where i live maybe one or two people occasionally throw their trash in a recycle bin , which is two blocks away because ours got either stolen or burned down , i do n't remember anymore . 
  there are people who are trying to change it around however . 
  i was recently at a very cool place where they create bio fuel out of organic trash like expired products from supermarkets . 
  anyway , even if there is * some * recycling , it 's definitely below 0.5 % . 
  honestly , romanians who pity themselves and their country are more responsible for any bad image that is created about the country . 
  look at us bulgarians , our country is worse in pretty much every conceivable way , but because we have a false sense of national pride , most of us avoid to talk about it , except between ourselves . 
  and because we are less interesting than all our surrounding neighbours no one really talks about us . 
  why do i have to keep getting embarrassed by comments like that ? 
  after i learned how to drive i started noticing how absolutely crucial this rule can be and how often i 've gotten in dangerous situations because it 's not enforced , both as a driver and pedestrian . 
  also comes from the root of the world for bulgarian , because the church accused the bulgarian anti-establishment sect bogomils of sodomy in order to destabilize them . 
  but then again , many people have recovered from alcoholism . 
  it 's not in that calibre of untreatable illnesses . 
  it 's probably not the case , but i find it hard to believe that this person was not simply suicidal . 
  came here for the first time in several months , and the sub 's changed a lot . 
  nice surprise . 
  yeah , when an eastern european redditor proclaims `` but they were not [ nationality ] , they were gypsies ! '', 
  that 's just running away from the problem . 
  we do n't get to decide who is who . 
  the truth is that eastern europe has continuously ignored/failed to solve the issue of integrating a minority , and we still ca n't face up to it . 
  now the problem has escalated to such an extent that both sides ca n't and wo n't do anything about it , but that 's our shit to solve , and it would be stupid to expect western societies to differentiate between gypsies and ethnic eastern europeans , however much i do n't want to say it . 
  i knew that the weird yellow thing had an anti-eu agenda !, 
  i thought he meant moldova in its current form , granted i know very little about the current political scene in moldova . 
  they already are , it 's s ^ a ^ d ^ ! . 
  i did n't realize global warming is a matter of left and right , but ok . 
  flat earthers started out ironically and do n't do anything harmful , climate change deniers have always been serious and acitvely harm the planet . 
  i think they are worse . 
   ya dingus how to spot americans 101 . 
  and he clearly denies climate change . 
  we deserve it , the future generations do n't . 
  aye , but even ten years ago it was n't that weird for people not to believe in climate change , and that 's confusing , but at the end understandable . 
  people are scared of change . 
  but it 's 2017 , the weather is acting fucky for years now , all scientists agree that it 's a problem and even the rightest of wingers and the most conservative of the conservatives are willing to agree with the sentiment ( in normal countries that is ) . 
  again , it does n't matter what your opinion on immigrants is . 
  it does n't matter if you are a nationalist , a communist , liberal , conservative , isolationist or globalist . 
  what trump did right now goes beyond the realm of politics and responses like yours do n't help anyone . 
  seriously , climate change denial is crossing a line . 
  fucked up immigration policies and threatening to ruin relationships with major political powers is bad . 
  at the end our lives are momentary , and we 'll be just another era of idiots even if we die in the process , big deal , but dooming the planet is just a dickmove , and something that obviously does n't concern the most powerful man on earth . 
  edit : weirdly i got several replies with the exact sentiment in under five minutes , from different users as well . 
  yes , we are not destroying the planet , but ourselves and the flora and fauna . 
  i agree , it 's an important distinction to make . 
  also , from browsing some of the pro-trump subreddits and comment sections , i see a lot of whataboutism and pointing fingers . 
  yes , almost every country on earth has to improve a lot , that 's the whole idea of this agreement . 
  also , it may not be perfect , but literary all but two countries agreed to it , before trump decided to do what his father never could and pull out . 
  it shows an ambition to solve * the biggest * problem humanity has ever faced , and threatening not to cooperate because it does n't help the us economy or the `` poor '' american workers ( not that he cares about them ) is just a pisstake . 
  you 'd think that climate change is the most obvious disaster , so they could n't prepare for the one thing we have known will happen for decades . 
  i do n't disagree , i think that the interviewer did a really poor job , and with better questions he could 've made farage sweat a bit more while also not appearing like a fool , but it 's frightening that a man who deflects every question with `` destroy the eu '' managed to spearhead one of the biggest political maneuvers of the century with that very same simple , yet effective populist rhetoric . 
  also i never said that farage is a simpleton , nor do i think that trump is one . 
  their voters adore them and their opposition ( still ) underestimates them , which is a great power to have . 
  it 's a common practice in politics to create this type of image , nothing elitist about it . 
  from putin being the archetypal russian manly man that the stereotypical russian man aspires to be , to the relatable goofiness of boris johnson , and the / r/fellowkids anti-example of hilary . 
  i 'm just surprised that some can take it to such a self-degrading level and still appear strong in the eyes of their voters . 
  it 's amazing how simplistic and often uncohesive the language of the likes of farage , trump seems to be . 
  do they do it on purpose ? 
  i 'm 20 and i hate having to live with my parents , but it 's a common reality . 
  it 's usually not us being lazy but rather the reality of most jobs either being too low paying for someone to sustain an independent life , or having to slave away at a call centre and sacrificing education and/or any form of social life . 
  yay , we are still on the naughty list with the cool kids . 
  god you are a twat hahaha . 
  hope you are self-aware , otherwise i have no idea how you survive in the real world . 
  nothing like people who share their political beliefs with / r/the _ donald insulting my intellect . 
  nazis are n't coming , but the political environment is becoming comfortable for people with nationalistic views and racial ideals . 
  le pen may not be a nazi , but she is a populist that thrives on manipulating the masses by promising an impossible ideal and marginalizing groups based on their ethnic and cultural background . 
  you do n't need history to know how destructive far right populism can be . 
  also , brother ray , you are a patronizing twat . 
  i do n't get what any of that has to do with the positives of patriotism . 
  in fact , it would be good for those young people to maybe go somewhere where work is available . 
  sorry , it was very lazy of me . 
  so was the random article drop about young people revolting . 
  could you expand on what 's the reason behind that ? 
  we are living in one of the most peaceful and productive times this world has ever seen . 
  compare that to the constant tensions between colonial powers , the world wars , the cold war , all at the height of patriotism and the search for national supremacy . 
  it was n't even long ago when the terrorist threat came from inside countries and nationalistic ( and even communist ) groups in the uk , germany etc. 
  tribalism will always exist . 
  it does n't mean that we have to use it to justify some outdated notions , especially in the idea that my administrative unit/race/nationality / politic views is somehow better or more worthy than everyone else 's , just because we do n't like those pesky sjws , the smelly arabs , and the lizard people with their horrible globalist agenda . 
  so you are atheist ( no surprise you could n't spell it btw ) ? 
  you 've come to the conclusion that religion is bullshit . 
  so why are you so in love with the idea that we should worship the place we were born in ? 
  life is too short to limit your human experience to one nation and its people and the idea that everyone else is second .
