  i 've tried a homemade one it with honey and i liked it . 
  i bought the peanut butter from a street near some bulgarian village i ca n't quite remember and the guy told us to mix it with honey . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  some even hate the brits because of what happens in resorts ( which is usually greatly exaggerated ) and the immigration scandals , but mostly no one cares . 
  i personally love your country for the music , the quality television and the premier league , which is usually the stance of most `` modern '' people . 
  oh no , feel welcome . 
  i have nothing against it , as long as you and your fellow countrymen do n't hurt yourselves and others . 
  that 's not cool when it happens . 
  it 's actually for the uk i think , but whatever . 
  the ski lift card for a day goes for around 30 euros for the winter season , at least in borovets . 
  for less than that price you can get full ski equipment for a day . 
  hotels are also cheap . 
  you can get a decent room for around 60 euros , but prices can go up and down depending on your preference . 
  i have almost no idea about cycling . 
  during the summer you can go mountain biking in ski resorts , and i 've seen ramps prepared for jumps and whatever , but i 'm not informed about anything else . 
  if you just want to do a `` tour de bulgaria '' or something like that , i guess noone stops you , but i 'd suggest to find some kind of a forum or a community for cyclists . 
  you certainly will be disappointed if you 're used to the alps , but at least it will be absurdly cheap . 
  same goes for everything here to be honest . 
  hah , do n't worry , from my limited experience with them , they 're just a loud minority of yobbos ( if that 's the correct term ) who ca n't believe how cheap alcohol can be ( and probably what snow feels like ) . 
  there are also many normal brits who just come to have a good time and do n't feel the need to shout incomprehensible slurs at the waiter . 
  depends where you want to go . 
  my personal favorite resort here is borovets and [ this ] ( http://www.crystalski.co.uk/ski-resorts/bulgaria-ski-holidays/borovets/ ) site i found covers all your questions about that place . 
  most foreign tourists usually go to bansko , which was voted the best european ski resort by a british newspaper some time ago , but i 've never been there to ski so i 've got no idea about that . 
  you can of course go to vitosha and be just half an hour away from sofia , the capital , but you 'll limit your skiing experience . 
  of course you 'll have to go to musala , the highest peak on the balkans , and if you have time , the 7 rila lakes and the rila monastery . 
  if you have even more time and you 're serious about hiking you can also go to pirin . 
  harder trails , but it 's also a very beautiful mountain . 
  it was an island until they build that bridge thing , which turns it into a peninsula , because the bridge is not above the water . 
  a part of pomorie is already referred to as little moscow . 
  mhm , and now it 's turned into the default appetizer for pretty much every dinner setting . 
  seriously , many people here eat that salad almost every day . 
  also , that most recognizable european recipe was from a survey the ep started on their facebook page . 
  apparently only eastern europeans voted , because neither spaghetti , nor wursts or any other meal that 's internationally recognized got even anywhere near the top , just obscure recipes from romania , bulgaria , lithuania etc. 
  tarator !, 
  it can be a food and a drink , depending on who you ask . 
  [ also it 's very easy to make . 
  ] ( http://www.food.com/recipe/tarator-bulgarian-cold-cucumber-soup-62181 ) . 
  also some things op forgot to mention . 
  if you are a fan of winter sports , you 'll probably love our ski resorts . 
  not as shiny and big as the alps , but very cheap . 
  i 've heard westerners brag about how they go on vacation here and spend less money than they would if they had stayed in their home countries . 
  beware the drunk brits though , loud and aggresive . 
  central bulgaria has that wonderful architecture op talked about , especially in little towns like koprivshtitsa , which still have almost all of the old-styled houses preserved . 
  the 7 rila lakes are also a sight to behold and everybody should go there quickly before it 's ruined , ironically because of the influx of tourists . 
  if you 're lucky you 'll also witness the gatherings of a small spiritual following . 
  try our food too . 
  tarator ( cold soup ) , shopska salad ( amusingly , europe 's most recognisable dish ) , which goes well with rakia and whatever 's being grilled . 
  banitsa and bulgarian yoghurt go well together . 
  you can also try drinking the sweet boza , though not many people like it . 
  shkembe is also very popular here , though you have to have the guts to try it , because it 's made out of ... guts ( sorry ) . 
  bulgaria is the most worrying eu member , as always . 
  i think it still has to do with quality of living ( less income leads to bigger percentage of the gdp and older cars pollute the air more ) and not-so-green energy resources ( although nuclear energy makes up a big part of the country 's electricity consumption ) . 
  plevneliev , the president : soft spoken , nothing too aggressive . 
  there 's an ongoing joke that he just says whatever his `` former '' party asks him to say , but he 's opposed them at times . 
  i do n't mind his speeches and media appearances . 
  borisov , the prime minister : he talks the people 's language , simple , appealing to the masses . 
  recently he told david cameron that his head was touched by three popes , and in the past he has added karate performances and untranslatable grandmother-from-the-country type of expressions to his public appearances . 
  clearly , many people do n't like him for this , but it helped him a lot with winning votes from less educated people . 
  oh yeah , he also constantly blames the former ruling party for his failings , and praises himself for building roads and stuff . 
  i do n't really like him , but he 's a slightly better option than the rest of the rotten bunch . 
  yeah , the whaling is a tough pill to swallow , although to be honest i 'm sure most japanese do n't even realize that it 's happening . 
  languages that are spoken in a closer proximity to us will be realistically way more helpful , that 's for sure . 
  ahh , you see there 's reason for this . 
  apart from the weird fetish east asian countries have about bulgarian yoghurt , which is without a doubt the best dairy product in the world , there was a russian scientist in the first half of the 20th century who thought that the reason bulgarians live for so long is that they eat so much bulgarian yoghurt . 
  so yeah , if you 've ever wondered why japanese live for so long , it 's because they eat so much of our yoghurt . 
  that 's a pretty dumb reason to be honest . 
  not necessarily poorly informed . 
  the most important parts are usually summarized in the comments , with more points of view and additional information . 
  hmm , not sure . 
  i keep hearing good things about developments in the it sphere in bulgaria . 
  also , the education in that field is n't half bad . 
  yeah , the difference is that playing football or tennis non-competitively is still considered doing sports , while playing lol non-competitively is more like recreational media consumption . 
  not hating on gaming tournaments , but they are no sports to me , just a form of competition that does n't concern athletic ability . 
  there was a pretty good [ one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=you+want+to+visit&amp;restrict_sr=on ) quite recently . 
  that 's a very interesting mentality . 
  emigration has always been a huge problem in bulgaria , but most people i know that have migrated still keep some kind of connection with bulgaria and their bulgarian relatives , be it through sending money back home or semi-patriotic facebook posts , about how they miss the nature or how they want to come back home at some point . 
  surprisingly , it 's not allowed here in restaurants and such . 
  in many night-clubs and smaller pubs people are ignoring the ban , but that 's not the case in most regular establishments . 
  oh boy , you were serious . 
  this is a question of media freedom and net neutrality , not some weird british inferiority complex . 
  if your government wants to tackle such matters , i believe it should be done at least with a referendum . 
  let 's be honest here though . 
  most people who comment or read comments rarely go in-depth on the actual article ( many even just read the title ) , but participate in the discussion here . 
  so , it mostly comes down to how sensationalized the name of the article is , and how accentuated different aspects are . 
  because / r/europe has become the most unreliable source both on anti-immigration and ` anti ' - anti-immigration articles . 
  wait ... could n't the same thing , you know , checking online if your vote is counted , be way more easier if done over the internet ? 
  the french flag of course , so aesthetically pleasing and effective , yet carries huge historic significance . 
  first bulgarian kingdom , so much clay . 
  there 's caramel popcorn , but i have n't met one person who prefers it over the regular ones . 
  you are not wrong , but you are trying very hard to be verysmart . 
  i thought people were joking , but jeremy clarkson would fit so well in there . 
  let 's not pretend that the greeks did n't see it coming . 
  their government abused the system for years and i 'm glad that the eu did n't set a more forgiving precedent . 
  i do n't get this narrative lately , especially on british twitter , that the greeks were somehow done hard by . 
  their economy is set on unpayable debt and all the protests that we see are from people that want to keep having this impossible living standard . 
  oh noes , the poor greek people !, 
  they are of course completely blameless for the situation they are in , and right now they suffer in the miserable reality of upholding a better living standard than almost all other countries in easter europe !, 
  even then , the mirror did it in a way less nationalistic way and justified it with some of the social benefits of the eu , nothing like mother britannia needs you to vote leave and the like . 
  well , hitler also said mean things before rising to power . 
  he also used a fairly similar narrative to be honest .
