same thing in bulgaria . 
  bulgaria -  bulgaristan . 
  from a bulgarian perspective : great football , good comedy ( ` allo ` allo is surprisingly popular ) , the worst possible tourists and unfriendly towards immigrants ( i even did a presentation on the issue ) . 
  i do n't think that 's how it would work . 
   the bbc uses geo-ip technology to identify where you are , based on the location of your internet service provider ( isp ) . 
  this is to ensure that only people in the uk can enjoy programmes on bbc iplayer . 
  find out more about on-demand rights . 
  quoted from their site ... 
  did you even understand what that map is about ? 
  the dark blue color represents where the needed amount of votes required has been reached . 
  umm , [ `` just some bone '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/may/01/eu-poland-10-years-economic ) ? 
  of course , poland has the right to decide on it 's immigrant policies , i 'm not saying otherwise . 
  but as a member of the union , it 's at least expected from them to cooperate . 
  this has to be the most retarded thing i 've read here today ( and given / r/europe 's recent track record , this is quite the achievement ) , but just for the sake of it , let 's think of this as a legitimate problem . 
  what do you think can be done to fix this issue ? 
  because this is how the eu works . 
  countries like poland benefit from the union and are later expected to cooperate , especially in times of crisis . 
  we 're talking about indo-european languages , not american-mexican languages , duh . 
  does n't it have to do more with russian and polish influence , that you share many common words today ? 
  i have a question . 
  do you really think that modern day macedonians are rightful decendants of alexander the great ? 
  i mean , it 's like us saying that we 're thracians , or that orpheus spoke bulgarian ... it 's kind of absurd . 
  ah , life in the west . 
  where everything is nice and internet is slow . 
  i had to be reminded it 's unification day ... 
  yeah , germany has always benefited from immigrants . 
  i do n't know why people here are thinking germany does n't know what it 's doing . 
  the most popular dog breed , that originated in bulgaria is the [ karakachan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karakachan_%28dog%29 ) . 
  even [ putin ] ( http://www.segabg.com/pic/news/10/644356.jpg ) likes these big cuddly dogs . 
  what i 've seen on the streets is mostly old ladies with small cat-dogs , especially those with the cuddly hair that covers their eyes and younger people , especially young couples and families with medium-sized dogs like the golden retriever or adopted mutts/strays . 
  i like german shepherds , because they look serious and are used for important tasks ( what else would you expect from a german dog ) , but i 'm not sure if i 'd get one ( i 've heard that they develop serious health issues later in life , and i would n't like to have a dog of this size in anything smaller than a house ) . 
  the problem is emigrants most of all i think . 
  they left their country because they were n't happy with how bad they lived here , and portrayed only this specific aspect of life on the balkans ( especially in the 90s ) in the foreign land . 
  because of the skewed image that 's been given to serbs by the west , think niko belic , and any american movie that has had serbs in it . 
  it 's quite racist if you think about it , but i 'm not sure if it 's worse than the turbo-folk infused image bulgarians have of serbia . 
  well , i 've heard of the idea that asen and petar where vlachs , and also that they were cumans , but i think with kings it does n't matter very much . 
  it 's not like the kings and queens of western europe all have the roots in the country they 're ruling . 
  in fact , the same dynasty that ruled bulgaria until the end of wwii was the same one that ruled the uk until they renamed themsleves to windsor to avoid the german connection . 
  i like to see nations today not as some kind of a pure-blooded folk that has ruled their land since its creation , but as preservers of the land 's history , language and traditions . 
  so yeah , i 'm more inclined to see the balkans as a `` pleasent mix '' of cultures and folks , thanks to our colorful history . 
  i mentioned just the folks that we learned about in elementary school . 
  otherwise , yes , i can go on about mentioning vlachs , turks , roma , serbs . 
  they 're pretty much self-explanatory , especially by the amount of traditions we share . 
  well , my bad . 
  i should 've said an iranian tribe , and those spread to central asia around that time , so the theory is n't that crazy . 
  many theories circulate about the very origins - tatars , turks , iranians , hunnic ... 
  i 've heard even that they build the great wall of china to some extend because of bulgar tribes , which sounds crazy , but at this point i have no idea what could be true . 
  at least history somewhat clears up itself after we cross into europe , thanks to records from roman historians . 
  to have a writing system was a big deal back then . 
  well , at this point no one really gives a damn about our origin , because through the years we were mixed up with so many different folks ( some say that we share dna with 50 other folks ) , that even nationalists ca n't argue about racial/ethnic superiority without doubting themselves . 
  in elementary school we learn about helenians , thracians , slavs and bulgars as the folks who have inhabited this place most noticeably , so since an early age no one is left with the impression that we are one homogenic folk . 
  about the turkish part - it 's pretty obvious that there 's bound to be a strong connection with turkey , not only because bulgars most likely come from the middle east , but because we shared land together for several centuries . 
  i guess there are people who are uncomfortable with this fact , but many younger people do n't even hold a grudge against modern day turkey . 
  haha , you got this a little wrong . 
  modern bulgaria started existing , when some slavic folks migrated in these lands and united with the bulgarians that lead a war against the byzantines . 
  the two folks eventually mixed together , but until some point they kept their identities and had different roles in society . 
  also , the slavic language was established as the main one after khan ( a typical title among asian folks ) boris accepted the slavic script from cyril and methodius ' scholars . 
  he also started using the title knyaz , which is more slavic . 
  someone who has revisited those pages of history more recently will be of more help , but this is what i remember . 
  also , many people today do n't see us as a `` slavic '' folk . 
  hitler used the excuse that we are not `` fully '' slavic to unite with us ( he thought of slavs as untermenschen ) and some conspiracy nuts say that our flag has green ( and not blue like most slavic nations ) in it , because we have roots in iran . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  the moral argument always feels weak against hard facts and proper analysis of the situation , but it is something to be reminded of . 
  we get too hung up in our understanding of the situation , to see beyond the problems of our ordinary lives . 
  oh , i prefer it too . 
  i 'm just scared of what they 're expressing . 
  complete lack of sympathy for the faith of fellow humans . 
  some comments on here are even borderline masterrace-mentality and this goes against anything i 've been taught about modern european mentality , `` united in diversity '' , equality and brotherhood , solidarity , all of that . 
  i do n't expect to see a fairy-tale ending for all the refugees , where we all happily live together , but i wish to see people ending arguments with more than edgy comments about the minor inconviniences they face in their first-world countries . 
  even the american-centric subreddits are n't so vicious about the mexican immigrants , despite fearmongering from the likes of many politicians . 
  and i know that the two problems are uncomparable , but i expected more from the continent that prides itself with its bar-setting progressive thinking . 
  first time we 're not the worst at something in the eu !, 
  except for knowing , that malta 's situation is most likely caused by its small size and limited natural resources , and that bulgaria has all the geographical advantages to be a clean country . 
  haha , shaming folks ? 
  i 'm not trying to do that . 
  the guy above me made a stupid remark and i criticized him on that . 
  i have no problem with people being poor elsewhere , i have a problem with people dying on our doorstep and people on this sub not even pretending to care about them . 
  i 'm not saying that scotland has won anything through colonialism . 
  but still , scotland can easily be described as a rich country , so playing the victim card in the context of wealth is just ridiculous . 
  also , it 's kinda hard to try and take control of your country , when someone else is trying to do it too , but with armed forces . 
  haha , someone 's been watching better call saul . 
  comparing your cozy scottish life with a continent where people that are not able to spend more than a dollar a day is not an uncommon sight is really fair of you . 
  it 's not even `` white '' guilt , the same could be said about many european countries . 
  the ottomans came , fucked the balkans up , left , and the region had to play catch-up with the rest of the world . 
  the communists came , fucked eastern europe up , and now the whole region has to play catch-up with the west . 
  yes , even east germany is still behind the west one . 
  fucking up a whole continent bares its consequences even today , and trying to at least pretend to care for somebody that pays for your comfort with their misery is n't exactly `` being punished '' . 
  of course not , but by controlling 90 % of african landmass , colonists did make sure that any former independent form of power was shut down , and later by leaving , the african countries had to start from nothing . 
  now , the europeans did not do only bad stuff . 
  as some people pointed out below , colonists did try to provide for a better standard of living in many ways . 
  the same could be said about eastern european countries during the communistic regimes - many people in those countries remember the times dearly ( please do n't label me a communist , it 's just a relevant example ) , yet after the regimes fell , the countries had to start from scratch and most of them are still behind western standards . 
  what i 'm saying is that after a sudden change in a country , it 's sometimes hard for that country to recover . 
  so , the impact of colonialism can still be seen today . 
  i think it does mean exactly that , especially considering colonianism , because it impacted your country positively , but steered many nations off their course . 
  so , newer generations from ex-colonist countries can have their good living standard , while the historical damages still remain and to some extend still impact human lives where colonists intefered ages ago . 
  as much as we like to stare down from our internet thrones , we ca n't disagree that life in germany has been perfectly fine for its citizens for the last 10 years . 
  even the unemployed can lead a normal life without worrying for their survival . 
  so , why change something that obviously works , when the alternatives could be a risk, 
  / r/techsupport , / r/android , xda-developers ' forum for your phone or a subreddit for your phone model/phone manufacturer . 
  if you tell me what kind of phone you have and what kind of problems you 're facing , i could be able to help you out too .
