on a scale of ww1 it 's drop of water in a bucket . 
  since always . 
  [ fear-mongering used by her ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2016/02/07/hillary-clinton-stokes-the-baltics-fear-of-russia/#3391e9c99e89 ) [ russia is the greatest threat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5xvd7ovrhu ), 
  even if so . 
  how is it different from any other candidate ? 
   czechs were known for doing sabotages in austrian army , they 've ran towards `` enemy '' and joined their ranks to fight germans isolated incidents . 
  low in numbers . 
   how the fuck is he supposed to get mexico to pay for his wall ? 
  it 's his fucking idea , how about he fund it himself ? 
  god knows . 
  political pressure ? 
  the us has mastered it . 
  does it make him a monster ? 
   he 's a grave risk for security and stability in europe . 
  his positive attitude towards putin combined with his scepticism towards nato will destabilise the entire alliance and potentially withdraw the most potent and deterring factor in nato , the u.s. military . 
  the man wants piece with russia . 
  hillary wants war with it . 
  i 'm not sure how warmongering can be considered stability but attempt to deal in piece is not . 
  i 'd take anyone who 'd end this retarded dickmasuring contest between the us and russia . 
  the eternal circle of confrontation has to stop because it hurts everyone . 
   combine this with fucking up relations with china and you 'll have a new hotspot in the pacific , plus a china more likely to turn towards russia . 
  china wo n't turn towards russia because they have nothing to offer . 
  russia is poor and it 's russia which is in desperate need of good relations with china . 
  chinese know that and exploiting that already right this moment . 
  classic `` we 're not the ones to blame we were only part of them , this is all the other pats fault '' . 
  you were part of austria-hungary ( kingdom of hungary ) in case they forgot to teach you that in school . 
  yeah . 
  you really have no clue how geopolitics works when you 're not only mixing internal matters with international affairs but also denying that the us have played a huge role in post ww2 europe taking advantage over the situation and directly influencing our government . 
  or are you saying it never happened and after the fall of german reich in 1945 you simply left ? 
  so we 're going into history now . 
  ok then . 
  during the first world war you ( bigger version of you anyway ) were our allies in `` genocide here and there '' . 
  so you 're in no position to throw accusations like that . 
  yeah . 
  `` invited '' . 
  it 's like you totally ca n't influence internal politics of the country when you have an extensive military contingent in it which was n't initially invited but was stationed there after the end of ww2 . 
  do you have any real arguments against him ? 
   i hate trump with a passion why ? 
  another victim of `` stump the trump '' propaganda from the us establishment . 
   `` occupied '' germans oh right . 
  it was n't occupation then . 
  my bad . 
  can you please move your ~ ~ occupation ~ ~ forces and nukes we have no control over out of my country ? 
  thanks !, 
  just let eastern europeans to inflate their egos while thinking that everyone wants to grab their lands . 
  it 's good for their confidence to think they 're wanted somewhere . 
  there are other procedures to `` stop propaganda '' . 
  sue them . 
  force them to publicly deny everything they said . 
  humiliate them . 
  but instead you 're banning them because of the very vague accusations with no trial and no opportunity for them to defend themselves or disprove their lies . 
  welcome to the brave new eu with no laws or principles , just business and political agenda . 
  how are we different from turkey again ? 
   i would like to see them go out of business because people stop buying their magazine , not because of terror and violence . 
  the sad part is that attack on them was the best marketing they could ever ask for . 
  they 're staying in business because of it . 
  most people never even heard about it before the attack . 
  i never said we have freedom of speech in germany . 
  on the contrary , censorship is running rampart in the country . 
   you ca n't claim the holocaust never existed and you ca n't insult someone or go to a public place and claim merkel stole something in your shop if that 's not really true . 
  you can get prosecuted for this kind of bullshit and rightfully so . 
  i do n't think you realize the difference between a false accusation in crime and voicing your opinion . 
  that 's insane . 
  while i can understand why it 's happening , china has money and willing to invest but it should n't be in expense of the local population . 
  freedom of speech . 
  i can publicly say whatever i want as well as others are free to vocally disagree with me . 
  yep . 
  thought crimes are worse than murder , do n't you know that ? 
  we do n't like things they 're saying therefore it 's propaganda . 
  freedom of speech in action . 
  to be clear . 
  i have no doubts it 's propaganda . 
  just like i have no doubts that any mass media outlet is propaganda of varying degree . 
  but despite that , it 's not a good reason to shut it down . 
  unless you 're turkey that is . 
  distasteful `` humor '' . 
  because they 're not getting brainwashed to do so . 
  there are a plenty of nations with a grudge against `` the west '' and in most cases it is a completely justified grudge as well . 
  however , this issue is not a national issue otherwise we 'd have serbian , russian , vietnamese , etc. 
  terrorist groups . 
  but with all of their distaste for `` the west '' they 're not purposefully pushed or striving to destroy it . 
  and it would be hard to do so because all of them have a strong cultural and social structures unlike 2nd \\ 3rd generation immigrants living in ghettos and uneducated desert dwellers . 
  cause of terrorism is not a national or political issue but ideological one and in this case it 's mostly extreme islamic terrorist groups because they have a huge supply of potential converts but there are also a less know groups like aum shinrikyo which have nothing to do with islam . 
   and the `` outside meddling '' argument is nonsense . 
  there is no `` outside '' in the globalized world , we are all connected and we have duties towards each other . 
  and there is meddling already everywhere . 
  why should it hurt uploading a video and going around the ban by some authoritarian government ? 
  not really . 
  the world is n't globalized . 
  borders are still there . 
  every single time in modern history an outside force meddles with internal affairs of the country it ends badly . 
  for example . 
  in my opinion the current government of germany is unfit to continue to be in power and i vote against it because i do n't agree with oh so many things they 're doing . 
  however , if tomorrow the us will decide that yeah , german government is no longer ok and should be deposed i 'll stand with my government . 
  there are a few reasons for that . 
  first , it 's a matter of principle , no third party has any right to meddle in affairs of my country . 
  second , the said third party would attempt to reshape the regime as it sees fit but * it wo n't live with the consequences but i will have to * . 
  and third , people `` from outside '' , often ca n't even remotely comprehend roots and reasons for problems in the country in question . 
  people like to judge what 's right or wrong using their own country as a baseline and often can 's see deeper that what see on their local media outlets . 
  not to mention that every society sooner or later comes to more or less same values and rules .
