actually in poland 90 % of police cars are kia ceed combi . 
  if you want to see more cool pictures of warsaw skyline google `` warszawa panorama '' . 
  i think it 's those three cities combined . 
  wow , with all the poland stronk crap on tv ( yes i know , political propaganda ) saying that we 're the fastest gdp growing country in eu it 's charts like these that make me aware of how much we suck d. 
  i lol 'd at `` kids playing on a trzepak '' . 
  there were n't many vacuums back then so what people would do is drag their rugs outside to the playground , hang it on a trzepak and beat it with a [ trzepaczka ] ( http://allepomocnik-hosting.gcsoft.pl/users/registered_s2/zbychpol/img_0188_zmniejszacz-pl_107126.jpg ) to get the dust off . 
  what actually happened is that 99 % of time it was used by children as a gimnastic bar . 
  wow , somebody messed with der ordnung . 
  no , it would n't be practical . 
  english is really easy to learn compared to polish . 
  yeah , that 's the only thing that really surpised me in this chart . 
  dude , declaring war and engagment in war are two different things , like bragging on the internet that you have sex , and actually having sex . 
  noone was in position ? 
  the invasion of poland lasted a month , that 's more than enough for mobilizing an army . 
  if it was n't for the german attack on france , england , russia , and the japanese attack on pearl habour , and the stupid self-confidence of hitler , ww ii would never happen . 
  stop saying invasion of poland led directly to ww ii , it 's just super stupid , it was only a really really really small fraction that led to it . 
  if you were czech or slovakian this comment would make sense , but germany attacking poland led directly to the world war beginning . 
  really ? 
  i thought the german invasion of france , battle of england , the japanese attack on pearl harbour and german attack on the soviet union led directly to ww ii , not the invasion of poland . 
  what are you , twelve ? 
  as a pole , it really pisses me off how everyone 's talking shit `` poland stronk '' . 
  we have like 100,000 men army , russia has 3 million . 
  not to mention the annual military spenditure - poland 10 billion dollars , russia 70 billion . 
  even one of our generals said that polish army would withstand maximum of 3 days against russia . 
  yeah , you 're thinking `` nato '' right now . 
  noone would give a fuck about us like they did n't give a fuck in 1939 . 
  the truth is everyone wants to avoid ww iii at all cost . 
  stop praising sikorski , he does n't have the public support . 
  last time i checked the surveys , 70 % of the poles think we should not interviene in the ukraine crisis in any shape or form . 
  that 's the truth , not the shit media is telling you . 
  til poland is rich . 
  it 's all over newspapers and news here . 
  the exact picture op posted is from tvp 1 , a polish tv station . 
  here is the link to an article . 
  well i understand it this way . 
  the poland 's strategy was to withhold the german attack as long as possible for the england 's army to mobilize and attack from the sea or territory of france . 
  that way germany would be forced to fight a two front war . 
  also , keep in mind that poland 's defence strategy was mainly relying on this scenario , that 's why they were slowly retreating saving as much equipment and men as possible . 
  only 66 thousand were killed during the september campaign while 700 thousand were captured at the end of it . 
  if poland knew from the beginning that france and england would n't help , they would enforce way different strategy of defence . 
  it really interests me what would happen if france attacked germany from the west , england from the sea and poland counterattacked from the east . 
  not necessarily . 
  during communist times poland was one of this biggest ship producers and cotton products manufacturers in the world . 
  we also had a great car manufacturing business . 
  you could write a whole essay on that . 
  now we our industry is somewhat smaller but due to the possibility of unlimited export and international cooperation we make much more money off it . 
  corruption and inefficiency is just a small fraction of communism . 
  in the ukraine on the other hand there was always almost non-existent industry , plus i personally believe that up until around the year 2000 the corruption level in both countries was similar . 
  corruption and inefficiency are just small fractions of communism . 
  yeah ... as a pole i 'd say that communism had incomparably bigger part of holding us back than corruption and inefficiency, 
  my mom lived in italy for a few years and she always makes tiramisu when i come over . 
  it 's a fucking godly desert !, 
  well i 'd say it 's because they can actually afford a kid abroad . 
  here is a somewhat related chart showing cities with polish population . 
  [ chart ] ( https://scontent-a-ams.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/t1/994432_559399714143462_2074789217_n.jpg ) edit : on the bottom it says `` a total number of polish citizens living outside of poland is 21 million '' edit 2 : also , poland is 169th country out of 193 inspected with the lowest population growth * source - http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/lista_pa%c5%84stw_%c5%9bwiata_wed%c5%82ug_przyrostu_naturalnego, 
  2 million citizens, 
  croatia - the main tourist destination for slavs since the birth of christ . 
  he did n't `` capture '' it , he just walked in there since it was abandoned and burned . 
  * nokia * finlandia * cold as hell * had problems with russia in the past ( high five ) * awesome healthcare, 
  well , excuse me but this chart shows something different . 
  dude , it 's not a tourist destination chart . 
  it 's a foreign citizen chart, 
  i 'm fine with that tbh, 
  it 's related to road traffic and safety . 
  they have to wear reflective vest only when walking & riding bicycle on roads where there is car traffic outside of city areas . 
  this comment should be a whole another thread . 
  these people do n't need help . 
  i have a feeling this whole thing is going to split europe apart the most since ww ii . 
  that 's a strong argument against op 's statement m8, 
  mods you dun goofed . 
  well catholic church with their traditional family model ( woman + man = child ) is the biggest lobbyst against samesex marriage so i think you 're wrong . 
  well according to this data there is not that much of a difference between countries i used as an example . 
  man you ca n't just expect highly religious and conservative countries like italy , poland , turkey etc. 
  to just throw away their tradition and values like trash and become modern and progressive within a few years . 
  it takes time . 
  what made them change their mind from `` leave '' to `` stay '' ? 
  please remind me why are we calling those illegal immigrants asylum seekers and why ca n't we just put them on a ship and send back to africa ? 
  wow poland surpassed portugal ? 
  that 's a big surprise for me . 
  i think this is a historic step since portugal was n't a part of eastern block which was ruined by communism for 45 years . 
  still a long way to go though . 
  well look at it this way . 
  * if * any military action against nato/eu come s from russia than it 's better for germany to fight that threat on polish soil than on german . 
  you know what i 'm saying ? 
  we do still have 159 of them in active service but we also have 232 pt-91 and 247 leopard 2 so that ai n't that bad tbh . 
  did leo survive ? 
  do n't cigaretes have so much tax included that smokers not only cover their medical costs but also half of the country ? 
  well to be fair we could issue moscow ones in poland . 
  we did conquer it . 
  well it depends on how you look at it . 
  actually the latest count is 2 million . 
  mostly they 're immigrants who used refugee status as an excuse to move . 
  who is holding modern day germans responsible ? 
  they are commemorating an event that happened during ww ii . 
  nobody is holding a grudge . 
  it 's supposed to be humorous as title says . 
  they did n't need to land their troops in poland but attack germany from the west forcing them to fight a two front war and in effect relieve the eastern front . 
  poland 's entire defence doctrine relied on that strategy . 
  man when i was 19 i had to live off $ 1.25 / h, 
  the fact that they 're really hardworking people with thriving economy on which our whole right political sector bases their election programs .
