  it could be cheaper than a car , but it would n't be by much . 
  you could lease a car for a lot less than 333 and you have the convenience of actually having a car for everything else ( ca n't exactly go somewhere and go back home at 2am when you go with the train for example ) . 
  people are often going to have a car no matter what because you ca n't do everything by public transport at all times . 
  they can decide to go to work/some trips by train , but at these prices it 's not really something people do . 
  well , that maybe works for you ( and would for me ) . 
  but most people still need to travel between 6.30-9 .00 and 16.00-18 .30 , if people would n't need to there would n't be traffic jams every day . 
  the people you would want to get in the train therefore still wo n't with those prices . 
  how do you only pay 100/month ? 
  i live in rotterdam , study in tilburg ( well only writing theses so do n't really have to be there often anymore ) . 
  it would be 314/month if i take a yearly subscription to only that route . 
  so please , where do you pay that 100/month to go everywhere . . also , people need a car anyway . 
  trains do n't run at night everywhere , if you actually need to move something somewhere etc. 
  taking those costs into consideration does n't work for everyone . 
  it does n't need to be compared to other countries but to using a car . 
  they want to get people out the car and in the train to free up the roads and reduce pollution . 
  but at these rates it 's much much cheaper to go by car even when it 's just you . 
  this is a stuipd discussion . 
  the answer is no milk at all . 
  again , historically these exit polls are pretty accurate . 
  yes the seats will differ by 1-3 , not by 10 . 
  but keep hoping . 
  exit polls here are generally pretty accurate . 
  it differs some , but it 's not gon na be a difference that puts pvv above the vvd ever . 
  i think double nationalities is fine , but being allowed to vote for 2 countries is absolutely stupid . 
  those people basically have twice the influence other people have . 
  take me as an example , i can vote in the netherlands , but also in greece . 
  i could vote geert wilders in the netherlands and golden dawn in greece and have double he influence in getting nutjobs in power . 
  you should only be allowed to vote in one election . 
  well what do want them to write about . 
  the average person sitting at home is n't exactly news . 
  maybe also wonder why he will never get a majority of the votes and basically will never be part of the coalition again ? 
  the thing is , the turks that do n't support erdogan do n't go protesting . 
  they are more of the `` i got better things to do '' variety . 
  that of course is totally fine but makes these dumbasses stand out . 
  i 'm sure plenty have tried it but not a lot of people consistently smoke . 
  i think if you do a survey with college students about mdma usage the netherlands would probably be up there . 
  on the other hand there is dash berlin where you 'd expect him to be german is actually dutch . 
  i think it honestly is a really small portion of the population that will genuinely be annoyed by that . 
  but what do i know , i live in holland . 
  emelisse as well . 
  even though belgium wins the beer war overall imo , emelisse tipa is still my favorite beer . 
  does oranda mean orange in japanese ? 
  maybe it 's because they do n't really have an ` l' so they made it an ` r ' just like with latvia and lithuania . 
  then it would still just say olanda ( holland ) . 
  when i search ` oranda ' i get [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oranda ) funnily enough . 
  ok , well that last part is definitely not true , the always part at least . 
  i did n't comment to start something like who is better or acting all proud to be dutch . 
  but to say you have always been dominant politically seems a bit weird , and if you want to get further into that fine , i kinda do n't . 
  we were talking about the feminine thing , which i though was funny because it works both ways the same apparently . 
  and i recently saw an episode of temptation island ( yes i know . . ) . 
  you see these big guys and they talk flemish and just like you said , it would be hard to feel intimated by them or something . 
  and also like you said , dialects in the netherlands and belgium seem to change every 10km so people just 50 km over might sound funny and makes discussing what is the normal really hard . 
  and do my official documents say gij ? 
  i doubt it . 
  english r ? 
  i know some people speak like that ( the so called '' kakkers '' ) but when we talk about abn i think the standard is still just a hard rolling r , except sometimes the r at the end of a word is n't really rolling . 
  some pronounce the rolling r with their throat and some with the tongue ( me ) . 
  and yea , the hard g is usually what gets foreigners to not like our dutch , also because it 's hard for them to say . 
  to call the flemish pronunciation the official standard of dutch seems a bit silly though . 
  it may sound feminine to you , but i do n't think people who do n't speak dutch could say either one sounds feminine so it would be hard to state that as fact imo . 
  and the potato in mouth is i think more danish . 
  we have popcorn in our throat thank you very much . 
  that is really funny , because to me ( and i do n't know how it is for everyone but certainly for a lot of my friends ) flemish sounds a lot more feminine . 
  a girl speaking flemish sounds nice , a guy speaking it sounds a bit weird . 
  if only we kept new amsterdam . 
  then maybe everyone in the world would need to learn to speak with popcorn stuck in their throat . 
  i do n't think the conservatives in the us are conservative liberals . 
  the definition of liberal includes these things  freedom of speech , freedom of the press , freedom of religion , free markets , civil rights , democratic societies , secular governments , gender equality , and international cooperation a lot of these points are currently thrown out the window by the us administration . 
  i was thinking the inside of the main room was looking more like something where you 'd see parliament sitting . 
  outside looks pretty cool to me . 
  not uncommon but still uncommon enough to have my entire facebook wall covered in people posting pics of the snow lol . 
  degeneration ? 
  what are you even trying say . 
  this is what you see everytime you open a / r/politics thread . 
  people saying they hate liberals because they act like its the only right thing . 
  everytime i wonder and take a look at what [ liberalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism ) stands for . 
   liberals espouse a wide array of views depending on their understanding of these principles , but generally they support ideas and programmes such as freedom of speech , freedom of the press , freedom of religion , free markets , civil rights , democratic societies , secular governments , gender equality , and international cooperation what about all of these things are so bad ? 
  i would argue that being against these things is bad . 
  you have the beer though . . 
  well , the shit we have here in the netherlands with humidity exceeding 90 % is uncomfortable . 
  but 30 degrees with low humidity is fine . 
  i can not exactly attest to what it 's like in spain but this is definitely how it is in greece . 
  also part greek , but look like your average dutch guy ( tall/blonde ) . 
  although i can imagine that for others the not speaking greek part is a big hindrance as they generally do n't speak english all that wel . 
  a country run by a rich oligarchy with putin appearing to have near dictator like control . 
  press freedom and gay rights being stepped on . 
  and the whole shooting down a civilian plain thing . 
  there is n't much i can like about russia if i 'm honest . 
  no it doesnt . 
  in this sentence anywhere can mean ` overal ' . 
  maybe everywhere is better in this context , but they could be used both . 
  anytime anywhere is in dit geval overal en altijd . 
  ... did you read my previous comment ? 
  i said that it 's not anywhere . 
  as in some places you can get much better places , like the place i have in rotterdam . 
  well it 's not like the other cities have multiple universities with the exception of amsterdam . 
  but i agree that rotterdam is not your typical student city in the netherlands , but it 's not your typical city in the netherlands with regards to almost anything . 
  just wanted to point out , that the 350 a month for 10 m ^ 2 is n't the case anywhere . 
  it 's one of the reasons that after my bachelors in utrecht i decided to not do my masters there . 
  some good places to find in rotterdam for decent prices .
