  you 're talking about high schoolers , do n't forget the rather big difference between vmbo and vwo . 
  i also would like to know what how they define being able to speak a language . 
  because sure , a lot of dutch people can speak english , but no way is that percentage 90 % . 
  i can say a few sentences in french and german and understand some if i focus , but i do n't really speak those languages . 
  no way in hel that 90 % of dutch people could watch a movie without dutch subtitles for instance . 
  i know that and i 'm not saying somebody should support not to , but you do * have * to since otherwise communication with most people in wallonia would be really really hard . 
  i 'm just noting that the effort is unreciprocated which is strange . 
  well i know what federalization is , just not that it was such a sensitive subject nor that it 's been a long time flemish demand . 
  maybe something i 'll take a look at . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i guess that makes sense . 
  however , would n't federalizing education make the country feel more unified , whereas now it feels more like two countries with one name . 
  try to make some sort of curriculum that both sides can agree on ? 
  for literature , you would get the most important literature in those specific languages . 
  when you learn french in flanders i assume you have to read french literature as well , you learn dutch you have to read dutch literature . 
  when you take french in highschool in the netherlands you have to read french literature as well . 
  it just seems strange to me that one side has to make an effort to be able to communicate with the other side while the other side does not make that same effort . 
  it is not only to suit the flemish side , it is to suit the wallonian side as well . 
  would n't it be beneficial for both sides to be able to communicate with each other ? 
  but does n't flanders have french as a mandatory subject ? 
  is n't it really weird that one side has the other sides language mandatory while the other side does not ? 
  i did n't know this until like 3 years ago where the lady at the gas station somewhere in wallonia could n't speak a word of dutch , i mean not even to the point of me being able to order whatever i wanted there ( either that or she really did n't want to speak it ) . 
  she could n't speak english either , so there i was pointing and whatever doing my best in french . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty ridiculous . 
  why is federalizing the education considered bad ? 
  ok , it 's the thing that came to mind when talking spanish restaurants . 
  but then you 're right . 
  there is italian , french , greek but nothing really spanish to be found . 
  la cubanita , i have never eaten there so i can not comment on the food . 
  its known for having 20 euro all you can eat so keep that in mind . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.lacubanita.nl/english-menu-deutsche-carte#.vj6dgyvmjwa ) is an english menu . 
  and i realise the name , but thats mostly just how they have the style of decorating and what not . 
  eh , so are we . 
  and not unlike the americans , we wo n't be participating in the european championship . 
  we have a franchise ( or chain , i do n't really know what it is ) with tapas here in the netherlands . 
  but yea that 's probably what you 'd see the most out of places with spanish food , tapas , not really fast food no . 
  something that is really nice and something really spanish you would find in every supermarket is chorizo though , so at least you guys have that . 
  my guess is always been because we would play football outside of school anyway . 
  we were almost never allowed to play football during gym . 
  always softball and athletics stuff . 
  a lot of stores have a `` order before 22:00 and it arrives the next day '' policy . 
  not all products but it 's generally pretty fast . 
  not that i would n't like an amazon.nl store , but i 'm going guessing the prices wo n't be the same as on the . de site . 
  this summer i was at the saturn in berlin ( amazingly big store for dutch standards ) and it generally is just cheaper . 
  we have a ton of other webshops , so the lack of amazon does n't really affect anyone ( or me at least ) . 
  amazon.de is however a lot cheaper for electronics . 
  recently bought a tv for 100 euro less and got my eye on a 1440p monitor that 's also 75 euro cheaper . 
  it 's one of the newer buildings , ` the markthal ' . 
  basically a lot of small shops with either meat , fish , fruit but also pastries and stuff . 
  the bottom of what looks like the outer shell are restaurants , and the rest of the outer shell are apartments . 
  pretty nice building on the inside as well i must say . 
  a lot of place in the netherlands also do n't have sunday shopping . 
  funnily enough because usually larger towns/cities are surrounded by smaller villages that also have a say in whether or not it is allowed . 
  if it was only up to the people of my hometown it would be allowed to shop on sunday every sunday and not just once a month . 
  however the surrounding , way more religious , small villages are against it . 
  if only the municipality just included our town . 
  this is the thing . 
  it appears they just ask questions so its all about self reporting . 
  i believe a lot of people in the netherlands will just say they know french because they had it in high school and the same for german . 
  this stuff is hard to determine otherwise i know , but these kind of studies should be taken with a pretty large grain of salt . 
  how does one define languages spoken . 
  because sure in the netherlands a lot of people know english , but i have a feeling people say they speak german or french a lot here while all they know is a few sentences and understand it a bit . 
  sure there a lot of people that have different backgrounds speaking more languages ( greek for me for example ) , but it 's hard to believe the average is 3.2 . 
  it depends on what you think is a miracle . 
  there are plenty of stuff happening for which we do n't have an answer . 
  does n't mean that it is a miracle or that we wo n't ever find out through science . 
  just being agnostic is n't in any of the definitions you just listed . 
  being agnostic simply acknowledges that you do not know whether or not there is a god . 
  as currently there is no proof for a good nor is their conclusive proof against a god , being agnostic is the only purely logical stance anyone can have on religion . 
  i have n't in the subway , which is in comparison to other subway systems squeeky clean . 
  and on longer bus trips from like athens to argos/nauplio it 's all fine , but two times a busdriver in athens was smoking . 
  bus stops ? 
  how about the bus driver ? 
  how about the bus driver smoking while also talking on his phone . 
  i love greece but the smoking thing is so fucking annoying . 
  of my friends in greece i know exactly 1 that does n't smoke ( his parents smoke all day every day and he hates it ) . 
  here in the netherlands only 1 of my friends smokes . 
  higher temp is bad ? 
  or they get delayed by 5 minutes routinely making you miss your next train every other day , bringing your commute of 1 hour to 1,5 hours . 
  and also plenty of turks that support erdogan like crazy . 
  did n't expect that these dumbasses actually went out `` protesting '' in rotterdam last friday night . 
  that 's fine , i 'm not saying they 're not there . 
  i know the ones with the metal handle that you can push out and lock to a certain spot . 
  just saying the above comment says '' almost all '' and that is certainly not the case . 
  old wooden windows have mostly been replaced with plastic ( kunstof ) ones . 
  do n't say always if you 've been to maybe 2 houses , cause i 've seen plenty with this system including my own . 
  and even if they do n't have this system i 'm hard pressed in thinking of houses with outside opening windows . 
  it 's funny how for me that seemed to happen in a years time . 
  one year i went to greece and everyone was drinking frappe . 
  next year it was all freddo espresso and only some of the old folks at the cafes drinking frappe . 
  nah they do for some . 
  i know this girl that was given something to prevent her from getting above 2 meters . 
  she 's like 1.85 now i think . 
  you should just be able to vote in one country . 
  it is stupid to have twice the amount of voting power than your average person . 
  it \u00b4 s absolutely fucking stupid . 
  that 's what i always thought as well . 
  being in greece everyone always drinks coffee outside at cafes and stuff , here in the netherlands they do n't really . 
  i think the difference is that here in the netherlands everyone at work drinks a minimum of 5 cups a day , that adds up . 
  and as you said , people nurse that frappe or fredo for a good hour more often than not .
