kinda curious if the people in this thread know the history of the roma and why `` integration '' would be difficult for an ethnicity that 's had it as bad , if not worse in some cases , to european jews . 
  over 500 years of slavery ( until the phase out in the mid-1800s ) , with large pockets of ethnic cleansing and genocide conducted against them , as well as the grotesque forced integration techniques . 
  why do the romas have problems with european governments and `` integration '' ? 
  well , 1000 years of history in which the european people wanted explicit eradication of your people tends to create that . 
  makes me wonder how many people proclaiming how this is horrible against the `` german people '' actually even care one single bit about the homeless . 
  probably not . 
  they did n't care about the homeless before this , wo n't care about the homeless after . 
  unless the `` one million '' refugees are in cologne , the police purposefully did not do their job . 
  and news flash , all one million are n't in germany . 
  or what , is europe germany now ? 
  there 's no other countries between turkey and the atlantic ocean , only germany ? 
  the fact that you support such gross behavior by the people who are supposed to protect you is disgusting in and of itself . 
  when you purposefully do not do your job , you get fired . 
  sorry pal , but that 's a fact of employment . 
  these police did not do their job , and are using a failure of an excuse as an explanation as to why ( if what many anti-immigrants say police use to not do their duty ) they 're justified in not doing their job . 
  so yes , they should lose their job because of it . 
  maybe the women should protest the police , get the police chief and a portion of the force fired for dereliction of duty . 
  seriously , sounds like the cologne police force is either lazy , incompetent , or corrupt to not do a thing about such crimes . 
  `` we 'll be seen as racist '' my ass , sounds more like they 're willfully not doing their jobs . 
  last i checked , it was the leave campaigners who were immediately going on about how britain does n't need to end immigration , does n't need to leave the eu market , and all that jazz that they stated they wanted to end . 
  not the remain voters fault the leave campaign lied . 
  itt : the english have shown what the `` united kingdom '' truly is . 
  a tyranny of the english . 
  what the english want , the english get , because only the english matter . 
  scottish ? 
  n. irish ? 
  welsh ? 
  nah , they do n't get voices because they do n't matter . 
  only the english matter . 
  therefore , the united kingdom should only be called it 's proper name . 
  england , and its people shall all be called english from now . 
  sorry scottish , n. irish , and welsh people of reddit , you 're now english because the english say so . 
  lets put it in simpler , better terms . 
  when russia is taking your land because your country does not have the population to defend itself , what are you going to do ? 
  and the majority of those 166 years ? 
  genocidal actions were committed against the roma . 
  but hey , lets ignore the mass murder , mass sterilization , and mass abduction and attempted brainwashing of children . 
  yeah , heck look at roma history , it 's not pretty . 
  forced migration from their homeland ( the area around the pakistani/indian border ) due to enslavement by warrior tribes into europe . 
  then another 800 + years of said slavery until it was outlawed in the mid-1800s . 
  then after that was continued attempts at genocide and genocidal policies against the roma people because they were seen as lowly subhuman animals . 
  that type of history tends to create an atmosphere that makes proper integration near impossible . 
  maybe should recognize that integration is hard when for the past 1000 years , the roma have been slaves ( which ended mid-1800s ) and then subsequently been victims of continued attempts of genocide ? 
  maybe , just maybe , integration works when a group of people is n't treated as trash ? 
  the us has the highest concentration of roma ( over 1 million ) yet they 're quite integrated . 
  maybe because the us does n't commit genocide , or enact genocidal policies , on the roma ? 
  welcome to racist thought . 
  one person does it , and they 're part of a group they do n't like ? 
  whole group is a problem , purge the whole group like they deserve . 
  more like 1000 year old question , in which the roma have been slaves ( until mid-1800s ) and victims of continued attempts of genocide . 
  maybe a good start would be to recognize those two problems . 
  i pulled facts , that 's what i did . 
  you , and i , live in a structured society that is not used as a bombing range for other countries . 
  those are facts . 
  people are fleeing from syria because of the fact that they have become a bombing range , to the point that even hospitals are being targeted . 
  that 's a fact . 
  if facts are `` white guilt '' then that 's a sad little world . 
  and 3 stars ? 
  fuck that . 
  you wan na know what would work ? 
  cereal or oatmeal in the morning , turkey sandwiches or salad for lunch , and a salad or stew for dinner . 
  you 're going to anti-immigration extremes to try and discredit an argument you pulled out of nowhere proclaiming i said it . 
  i 'm appealing to emotion ? 
  no , i 'm appealing to common sense . 
  and wan na know what 's common sense ? 
  treat people with dignity and decency while they try and flee a hellhole , and they wo n't turn towards terrorists organizations . 
  and why are they turning towards terrorist organizations ? 
  because of the vain hope and belief that they 'll be treated with at least a little amount of dignity and decency while getting three simple meals a day and a possibility of care for their family . 
  do n't provide a bare minimum of decency and dignity , then do not be surprised of those you shit on in the asylum application process gets frustrated and goes the route of terrorism . 
  and here 's the thing , understanding what creates terrorists does not mean support for terrorists . 
  so next time you look at a news report such as this and see people state how they 're rather go towards terrorist organizations , you should have the thought `` maybe we should improve our organizations and treat these people a little better '' . 
  where the fuck are you getting these arguments from ? 
  white guilt ? 
  unrestricted immigration ? 
  i 'm not even talking about those stupid arguments . 
  i 'm going off the fact that these asylum seekers are n't even getting standard food and water and shelter . 
  ** that 's all i 've been saying . 
  ** i 'm not saying they should come willy-willy , eat the finest of food and drink the finest of wine , and living in mansions . 
  ** i have not said a single word detailing such a stupid argument . 
  who says we should give full citizen rights ? 
  i did n't , but you did . 
  all i said was that they are getting horrible food , shit water , and no means of proper protection from the elements . 
  and yeah , you 're living a life built upon a society of laws and taxes to keep you protected and sheltered from the horrors of life and humanity . 
  and what white guilt ? 
  pointing out the atrocities committed by the us , russian , and western european governments by backing a civil war in a completely separate country is white guilt ? 
  fuck off with your bullshit . 
  what the us , russia , and western europe has done with syria has turned the country into a festering pile of rubble and horror . 
  the fact that you think that such an atrocity is okay is pretty fucking appalling . 
  edit : and just to showcase my point , here is a fucking video of a syrian hospital being bombed . 
  a fucking hospital . 
  http://abcnews.go.com/video/embed?id=38812688 the fact that this is what syrians are fleeing from , to become asylum seekers and refugees , should fill you with disgust and rage . 
  and that we should treat these people with dignity is white guilt ? 
  that 's fucking disgusting for you to say . 
  go and live in aleppo yourself , if you think it 's not that bad . 
  i read the article , they were barely even given food , water , and a `` tent '' . 
  and sure , you just got ta come from a country that 's in a civil war between russia and western europe/us , ran by a dictator who would happily murder you and your family , and your `` allies '' are theocratic fundamentalists that want to butcher you and your family too . 
  but wait , you do n't come from such a country !, 
  instead you were lucky to be born in a privileged country that has a functioning government and is n't being torn apart by imperialistic corporate globalists !, 
  just goes to show how shit europe is , if going back to death is better than being treated as garbage . 
  that 's what you expect if you think you 'll end up as a refugee .
