  move back to turkey then , since that 's the government you support and obey . 
  get out of germany , as that 's not your country from the looks of it . 
  says the nazi . 
  here 's what would have happened if the king did n't remove nazi romanian government . 
  you would n't exist , because the nazis would have enslaved and purged everyone east of germany . 
  which includes romanians . 
  the soviets were disgusting shitbags through and through , but you think the nazis would have left romania alone ? 
  oh how wrong you are , supporter of romanian genocide . 
  hungary does need immigration , emigration is when people leave their country for another country . 
  hungary 's fertility/replacement rate is 1.37 , so even with immigration their population is shrinking . 
  another 10 years and their society and economy would be under immense strain . 
  add to that the fact that hungarians are leaving the country as is , there will be no one left to pay hungarian taxes and pay into hungarian programs . 
  a shrinking population will have to incentivize its population to remain , and breed , to at least a sustainable rate to maintain economic stability . 
  as an institution , do you believe the uk is made up of 4 countries ? 
  or is it made up of the people in the territory labeled uk ? 
  if you believe the former , then scotland and n. ireland have the right to separate , because the english and welsh do not have their interests in mind when politics matter . 
  if you believe in the latter , then your argument makes sense . 
  so , which is it ? 
  is the uk made up of 4 countries politically ? 
  or is the uk made up of 65 million people politically ? 
  and who was funding the n. irish , scottish , and welsh territories ? 
  not the uk , that 's for sure !, 
  the eu was . 
  so when out of the eu , the uk 's gon na have to foot the bill . 
  enjoy paying higher taxes . 
  oh , also , enjoy dealing with a large number of regulations immediately gone because of your `` sovereignty '' . 
  maybe you should kill off your house of lord , an undemocratic institution in your government . 
  only proper since you falsely declared the eu undemocratic . 
  history proves that wrong . 
  since christianity was adopted by the roman emperor and made the official religion , and in all the states and countries since its fall until the mid-1960s , it was in the same vein as islam currently is now in the middle east , parts of asia , and parts of africa . 
  heck , the spanish inquisition was christianity given completely legal control to hunt down heretics and witches to torture and murder them to `` save their souls '' . 
  this complete denial of christianity as a political institution for the majority of europe 's history for the past 2000 years is pretty damn revisionist . 
  it 's not , erdogan will praise these murderers and hail them as proper citizens . 
  turkey is dead , long live erdostan . 
  you advocate for a policy/action that is used against people that you do not like . 
  the people who would use this policy would view you the same way as you view `` treasonous jihadist ingrates '' if you do something they do not like . 
  this is ignoring those who you do not like retaliating such atrocities . 
  and what happens then ? 
  your family ends up as the receivers of the policy you advocate for . 
  because those you supported view you as a threat now . 
  pretty disgusting you advocate for your family to be brutally tortured and killed , then you get sent their remains with a `` you disagree with us we hurt your family '' threat . 
  i feel sorry for your family . 
  and to increase your statement , the rich and owners will do everything they can to avoid and not pay those taxes , grossly underfunding the `` welfare '' system that is needed . 
  which begs the question , will we become a corporatocratic or communist world society to deal with automation ? 
  or will we have world wide revolts and social breakdown that 'll end up with automation banned ? 
  what do you do then with the massive number of people under the age of 60 that now do not have the means to even feed themselves ? 
  the rich and automation-owners are n't going to feed them . 
  lets pretend that the 50 million british adults voted for a 100 % turn out . 
  how would the young adult population , which would be maybe 10 % of the population changed the ending results if they voted ? 
  because unless the entirely non-voting population went with the young adults , the end results would have remained voting to leave . 
  roughly 64 million total population . 
  roughly 14 million are 17 years or younger . 
  that leaves 50 million british who are capable of voting . 
  and about 5 million are between 18-24 . 
  5 million , if no one else voted , could have changed the vote from leave to remain . 
  but add in the remaining non-voters as well ? 
  whelp , then britain would leave anyway . 
  it changes a lot . 
  eu members will now hold the uk ( notably england ) in contempt in any future deals . 
  there 's also going to be a heavy amount of restructuring and deal talks , any deal the uk had with eu ? 
  any deal the uk had with other countries while a quasi-member of the eu ? 
  any new deals with the eu , usa , china , russia , etc ? 
  going to be a lot harder now , due to a lesser political and economic power compared to that of being a quasi-member of the eu . 
  the biggest change ? 
  all financials the uk got from the eu ( and they did get a lot ) are now removed . 
  how will that missing budget be accounted for now ? 
  nhs cuts ? 
  education cuts ? 
  infrastructure cuts ? 
  so tell me , why is there a large majority of strong pro-turk , pro-erdogan turks in germany , in netherlands , etc ? 
  is it ignorant to see such pro-erdogan protests , that erdogan and his political allies are calling for from turkey , and see the treason that that is ? 
  these are supposedly citizens of netherlands actively working for , and attempting to , enact erdogan 's obvious anti-europe agenda . 
  i 'd say quite relevant detail . 
  moroccans are better at being a member of netherland society than turks could ever be . 
  if you say you 're a turk , are an expat away from the country of turkey , yet continue to push pro-turkey agendas and political dissent and destabilization in the country you are now residing in/citizen of , you 're committing a form of treason . 
  acting against your country on the behalf of another country willingly . 
  so what your saying is that a politician visits sweden for a political visit , said politician can shit and trash swedish culture ? 
  if you get offended , just know that you support such behavior . 
  stop that bullshit lie of ` locker room talk ' . 
  it 's not the talk of locker rooms , it 's the talk of rapist and sexual assaulters . 
  and that will end up with those centers end up being staffed with psycho and sociopaths , which is what happens in the australian ones . 
  where they allow rape and murder to happen , amongst the general populace as well as the staff themselves . 
  or , you know , be a proper democratic country and arrest them . 
  not turn into north korea . 
  that requires effort and we all know that no one wants to put in effort to enforce laws already on the books , instead put that effort into creating authoritarian near-dictatorships that reserves the right to revoke citizenship based off of just accusations . 
  seriously , french authorities recognize the return of 271 jihadis . 
  they have the authority to arrest them for crimes they 've committed ( treason , rape , murder , smuggling , you know . 
  crimes isis commits ) , yet they do not . 
  same as other countries who allow jihadis to return without arresting them . 
  history shows that the troubles were caused , in a large part , because of the dup members who were protestant terrorists that specifically targeted and murdered catholic irishmen in an attempt to genocide n.ireland clean of the irish catholic populace . 
  more the fact that the dup are legitimately theocratic fascists that want to enact their sharia law . 
  in most of the countries you listed , the countries were created through treaties * with the use of progressive movements * by * progressive * members of society gaining power and pushing through with said treaties . 
  japan and south korea were created through overt military country . 
  japan was under us military and political control for 20 + years after ww2 and south korea was a literal dictatorship until the 1980s . 
  you just completely ignored the fact that the progressive and secular movements in the middle east and africa ** were targeted and destroyed ** by ussr and western european/us interference . 
  is there a problem with the areas ? 
  yes , but that problem was fueled by us , uk , french , and ussr money and military weaponry . 
  stop being ignorant of history and look at the middle east and africa during the 40s-60s , they were starting to become successful democratic states . 
  what happened and why did dictatorships and theocratic nightmares appear ? 
  the uk , the us , the ussr , and france ** put money into active destabilization and terroristic implementation .
