  other than that my biggest upsets are maybe defeating a team on course relegation from the next level on the football pyramid . 
  : power outage happened not 5 minutes after winning that 0-2 at stamford bridge and was not able to save . 
  epic fail . 
  edit : fa cup in case you were wondering . 
  what a bawse . 
  all i know is that is not romania . 
  this deserves way more karma . 
  i play as lord ballz . 
  dali gomez in blue square south . 
  a beast , top goalscorer . 
  got him on an amateur contract too !, 
  you can do your team meetings once a month but i highly recommend doing it every 2 months ( for greater motivation ) . 
  it 's just a nice little way of improving your team 's morale after a bad run or getting your very good morale team to superb standards . 
  you did not ask how . 
  you asked a general question about the subject and that includes how and when and why . 
  other than that , be true to your players in team meetings . 
  are you performing admirably despite being huge underdogs ? 
  are you performing well but you could do better ? 
  are you underperforming ? 
  tell them exactly what you think . 
  it 's weird because in my fm12 save he dominated the first season with constant 8.5 forms . 
  i used to along time ago . 
  now that you 're mentioning it , i think i 'm going to give another season a go from the scratch . 
  . . and i thought my start was epic 7/7 friendlies and 2/2 competitive games . 
  if anything you should set your inquiry to something like # 15m . 
  i smell a bit of an overlooked feature here , inquiry should only work when the player is not transfer listed . 
  they 're are basically asking if there 's any chance in hell you would want to sell the guy and what would be the price you are looking for . 
  at least that 's how i see it , i may be wrong , this is purely speculative but i do n't see any other reason to have this feature . 
  hello there daniel chaplow . 
  been playing this game for over 7 years now , never have i been fired . . 
  i 've also played chelsea through the fm12demo and by the end of december i was 1st placed using an attacking long passing 4-4-2 with drogba as a target man and torres as a poacher . 
  you just ca n't go wrong with the 4-4-2 . 
  i guess the mom knows about it too since she 's trying to buy happiness to her daughter with toys but every time she notices her daughter is still sad and so she 's sad too . 
  thank you . 
  maybe it 's just because i 'm not that big on comedies overall . 
  i think the only reason that scene stuck in my head is probably because it contrasts the movie as a whole so much . 
  steve buscemi played it brilliantly . 
  i thought scrolls was n't even out yet and now i find that there are 5 scrolls ? 
  omfg . 
  good job . 
  now win the spl and a year later win the ucl . 
  i play man-marking . 
  my name is lord ballz and my nickname is simply ballz . 
  could you perhaps show us a little bit of his history ? 
  he most certainly seems to be edited in the game using fmrte . 
  he only has one entire appearence in the game and that was in an international game . 
  after researching a bit into it , the hills that i am apparently referring to are called `` gravity hills '' . 
  could anyone point me out somewhere to debunk that crazy sh * t ? 
  well said . 
  more or less until the universe dies out . 
  then you did it all for nothing . 
  thank god you wo n't care !, 
  the only way to get a perfect 10 is to score at least 5 goals with the same player . 
  rest of positions ratings ( gk , defenders , midfielders ) are 8.5 , a 9 if they also score . 
  `` i know a better game ; it 's called two lies and another lie . 
  guess who 's playing ? 
  the entire country . '', 
  - collegehumor, 
  you should have employed push-up long-passing through the middle 4-3-3 with emphasis on passing through the defence . 
  i 'm like 30 hours in and the only city i 've visited out of the 9 cities of skyrim is whiterun . 
  i 've pretty much covered all the surrounding area by now but once in a while you still get a quest to a new undiscovered area . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  not even an american , upvoted !, 
  well done mate . 
  my superpower is that i can recognize any movie i have previously seen just by seeing an instant of a second of it again . 
  ** things can be scary and still be true . 
  the appropriate response is to deal with it , not to lie to yourself . 
  this . 
  considering how crappy romania 's national football team has performed in recent years i 'd say this is quite the achievement ; on the bright side , your player scored 5 goals in a single match !, 
  that 's world class right there !, 
  it 's tomato . 
  i too am a 4-4-2 guy . 
  while i dominate the barclays premier league season after season i can never get those european cups . 
  finally !, 
  i now know who this bitch is !, 
  after seeing countless of posts about this piece of shit and not having a clue who the fuck she is ( . . well , just 3 posts . . including this one ) i 'd say this is a pretty big highlight for me this week . 
  john murphy - the surface of the sun, 
  you seem like someone who figured out life . 
  the cereal . 
  once in a while i boot up cm01/02 or 03/04 for funzies . 
  i 'm fairly sure i 'm somewhere in 2065 with cm03/04 . 
  queens park are hardcoded to be amateur . 
  you can however change that through editing applications like fmrte . 
  i think wikipedia sums it up pretty nicely : ` the club are currently the only amateur club in the scottish league ; their amateur status is reflected by their motto , ludere causa ludendi -- to play for the sake of playing . ', 
  the problem with setting up a network game with more than 2 people is that it becomes increasingly annoying as you have to keep waiting for others to finish their turns ( even if you can set a maximum ammount of time ) as well as the fact that some teams do n't play their games at the same time with everyone else . 
  especially during pre-season with friendlies . 
  not to mention that some people ca n't play every day and if their team happens to lose while they 're not in the network game , well , let 's just say that people tend to go apeshit . 
  source : i know from experience , i had a lan party going of 8 people . 
  disbanded after 3 games into season 1 . 
  chelsea will never win the damn champions league . 
  sergio could have probably gotten a red card and he would still have that 10 . 
  nice one !, 
  death ? 
  it is true , i find myself often wondering where all the sudden inspiration comes from at night . 
  great scott !, 
  til this is being reposted each week sweden 's twitter account gets a different citizen . 
  2.0-5 .0 performances are common when having a terrible game . 
  this however is the first time i 've seen a 0.9 rating . 
  how exactly did this happen ? 
  i lost the game .
