  although occasionally his friends ruin it all by telling ` the truth ' to them poor women . 
  oh and did i mention his service is all for . . - wait for it - . . free ? 
  that 's right . 
  for free . 
  call the barnacle and you 'll have the best of times . 
  edit : i. . 
  i mean he . . is ~ ~ currently on break ~ ~ retired from the business . 
  i like to have faith in my staff . 
  i let the ass-man take care of the reserves/youth , i let my scouts take care of signings for me and i let my coaches train my players . 
  i like to add a certain degree of realism . 
  i do control training and i do decide who to sign . 
  but i let my scouts recommend me players . 
  i do n't do the searching . 
  if i recall right , in the early `` son of a bish '' scenes , she really did say `` son of a bitch '' . 
  the `` son of a bish '' moments started around the time we saw `` mexican marshall '' for the very first time ; she could have imagined herself as `` mexican lily '' for a while , before we got to meet `` karma '' . 
  another reason why she could have changed it to `` son of a bish '' is because she still wants to use the catchphrase -- she feels like she 's the least important one out of the gang -- but she wants to do it without the actual swearing ; after all , she 's a kindergarten teacher and now a mom too . 
  of course , i 'm just making all of this up but for all you and i know , it could be true . 
  it 's supposed to hint that robin is his beinaheleidenschaftsgegenstand . 
  ah right , `` moustache marshall '' . 
  he was hispanic . 
  mexicans , hispanics , whatever , they 're all the same . 
  my star striker got injured in a match and had to wait around for 2 months . 
  the 2 months pass and all is well ; except i decide to bring him on as a late sub , only for him to get injured for another 2 months . 
  i always go for teams in the blue square north/south in england . 
  god dammit , i read too much asoiaf again . 
  i 'm also in the lower leagues of england and i 've had the same central defender with me for 6 years and he still constantly gets +7 ratings . 
  he 's just 23 but i believe this will be his final season with us . 
  he 's worth much more than the initial appraisal . 
  he 's made over 250 appearances and will make another 50 by this season 's end ; he 's a club icon and a close friend of mine . 
  i hope to get his favorite team to play a friendly with us , ask him to captain it and just enjoy the fuck out of it . 
  this has not happened to me in 8 years of football manager . 
  i usually win or lose the match . 
  meanwhile , i am predicted by the media to win the blue square premier yet i keep conceding randomly as soon as i secure a goal ; and it 's not for the lack of trying . 
  last season i had one of the best defenses . 
  what is going on ? 
  besides my aml , all of my players have at least 10 concentration and a few have +12 . 
  so no , i do n't think that 's the case . 
  really , i 've considered everything . 
  i swear it 's as if the game is programmed to some degree to give me these bad runs from time to time . 
  this is the first time i 'm actually doing ` well ' during a bad run . 
  nope . 
  my team almost constantly finishes with 68-72 % condition as well with 6.9 rating ( 6.7 for a bad performance and 7.4 + for a good performance ), 
  i play standard rigid , defensive fluid , controlled rigid/fluid tactics . 
  i usually play a 4-2-2-2 on wings . 
  sometimes i alternate with a defensive 4-1-2-2-1 . 
  on rare occasions i play an aggressive 4-2-3-1 that usually outscores the opponent . 
  my ratio at the moment is scoring and conceding at least 1 goal a game . 
  i rarely ever see games where one side does n't score . 
  edit : i just drew 2-2 with nottingham forrest , away in the fa cup . 
  they are in l1 . 
  seriously . 
  edit 2 : replay round , 6 minutes in , i 'm leading 2-0 . 
  edit 3 : . . and i just won 3-1 . 
  i am currently 3rd in form according to the statistics , but i 'm still drawing a shit ton and i 'm slowly but swiftly dwindling away from promotion places . 
  ouch . 
  that must hurt like hell . 
  i do n't think that , in my 8 years of playing this series , i 've ever experienced 2 consecutive goalless draws ; there 's almost always at least one goal per game in my games . 
  i am currently trying to get into the promotion places in the blue square premier but keep failing . 
  i had just lost 1-4 to bromley . 
  then this happens , in the fa cup 3rd round . 
  my star striker is injured for 4 months . 
  i even started the game with an ` orange injured ' midfielder and substituted him with another ` orange injured ' midfielder after 60 minutes because all of my midfielders are unavailable . 
  so . . uh . . the fairytale continues . 
  first it was nottingham forest ( l1 ) ; then it was dag & red ( l2 ) . 
  now the mighty tottenham ( pl ) have fallen !, 
  barnet ( l1 ) , we 're coming for you !, 
  long story . 
  the short version is that i edited my own club in , using the worst possible stats allowed by the game . 
  that meant amateur status club , starting with terrible generated players , no staff , no money and a stadium of 500 seats . 
  basically , i wanted a real challenge ; and sure enough -- it is quite the challenge . 
  it 's been 6 seasons since the club 's inception and i still have n't promoted past blue square premier . 
  i even relegated back to blue square south in season 2 after gaining a very lucky promotion in season 1 . 
  but i 'm making progress !, 
  i 've been in the play-offs for promotion , 2 seasons in a row now , i 've been a finalist in the fa trophy last year and last but not the least , the club has turned semi-professional , has a bank account of roughly 300k and an expanded stadium of 4000 seats . 
  oh it gets better . 
  i restrict myself to not search for players personally . 
  i let my staff do that for me ; and well . . they scout me shitty players based on club reputation . 
  i am at a point where they scout me one decent player in a pool of 4 silver star players . 
  i 've had like 2 very good players so far , the first one i had to sell for 55k because i was roughly -200 k in debt and the second one got injured by a teammate in training for 4 months . 
  he was league top scorer ; 2 months through the injury , he still is . 
  thankfully , he 's getting back into the game before the end of the season . 
  if i can just get past the fa trophy semi-finals again i 'll surely win it this time . 
  balance druid has been my main ever since i started playing wow , back when 1.8 came out . 
  i stopped playing the game for good around the time i started playing fm12 and when i was brainstorming names for the club i figured , ya know what , moonkin fc sounds awesome !, 
  after that i , lord ballz , led them to glory . 
  my reddit username is a play on ` moonkin ' as well . 
  instead of a tiny moon i went with a big ass quasar . 
  i like to believe ( until proven otherwise ) that the title , ' a song of ice and fire ' , is quite literal . 
  a song taught by old nans to children , hundreds and hundreds of years after all this has come to pass . 
  the last remaining piece of ` evidence ' that sings about events that took place right at the beginning of written history . 
  a song detailing the lifespan of jon snow , named fittingly , for he is both of ice and of fire . 
  hell , i ca n't even remember her story . 
  phillip wanted to vote for andrea because the three amigos bluntly stated they were voting for him . 
  malcolm gave some bullshit reasons why they were voting for phillip instead of say . . andrea . 
  hell , even andrea was super surprised when she heard phillip 's name . 
  my take is that malcolm did n't want to piss off future jury members by removing their true leader from the game using a very arrogant move . 
  i 'm quite sure of my theory : remember how in the previous episode they were targeting andrea but were using the pretext that they were just trying to save themselves and not actually remove a power-player ? 
  yeah , well , malcolm realized he just could n't do it at this tribal council . 
  he would not secure votes at the final three if he were to get andrea out this way . 
  the moment malcolm whipped out the hidden immunity idols and secured their entire alliance , phillip realized the target on his back could not be protected by his own .
