  are you drunk ? 
  you ca n't vote for yourself . 
  your math is shit . 
  100 % luck , 0 % skill , 0 % concentrated power of will . 
  3 years ago our squad had an average age of 42 . 
  we have so much young talent now . 
  this is more than we could have hoped for !, 
  his performance seemed a bit dry to me . 
  i do n't think he put too much effort into getting to know the character . 
  i am one of those that take their time while reading . 
  i try to memorize every detail . 
  it takes me about 5 minutes to read a page but it 's worth every second . 
  sometimes i have to re-read certain lines too . 
  particularly if something seems out of place . 
  on average i read about 30 to 40 pages a day and it takes me quite a few hours . 
  i 'm probably one of the slowest readers there is . 
  but if you ask me to read out loud i 'll probably read around 2 pages a minute . 
  i should have made it more obvious . 
  i meant 64 . 
  you saw the movie too ? 
  holy shit , man . 
  bro 's for life . 
  we ride togetha , we die togetha !, 
  she needs the d. 
  what the hell is this sorcery ? 
  the goal was like 30 seconds ago . 
  i give it about 80 % chance that lukaku will be starting in both games . 
  he has 4 goals in 3 friendlies so far , he 's shown what he can do last year at wba and jose wants to make use of the young talent at the club ; or so he stated . 
  needs more chelsea . 
  i went with ivanovic , hazard , lukaku . 
  going for loads of goals . 
  ivanovic , hazard , lukaku . 
  he 's probably being played as starter in one and sub in the other . 
  but he 'll play in both . 
  i think jose will rotate torres and ba who neither are amazing strikers at this point . 
  why is everyone so crazy about bale ? 
  benteke for a double game against arsenal and chelsea ? 
  lampard and zabaleta which are two players who are likely to get rotated a lot ? 
  as i 'm quite new myself to fantasy pl , these are the only flaws i 'll point out for you for now . 
  i do n't want to screw up your team . 
  can not be arsed to do the math but try changing lampard with snodgrass and get ivanovic instead of zabaleta . 
  try to get bale in there . 
  i am quite new to this as well and do n't know much but i asked around and apparently bale is orgasm . 
  schurrle is not guaranteed a start throughout the season , chelsea have a lot of midfielders . 
  mirallas perhaps ? 
  or snodgrass from norwich , he got a lot of points last year and he 's quite popular in this sub-reddit from what i see . 
  van persie is just not worth it . 
  for 14 million you 'd much better get benteke or lambert and you can use the rest to get hart or cech who are going to get a lot of clean sheets . 
  as i said , i do n't know much either , so take this with a grain of salt . 
  i got the results of the test back . 
  i definitely have * breast * cancer . 
  what the fuck is this sorcery ? 
  i am very pleased of what i came up with . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  it never even crossed my mind that i could cut my balls while shaving down there . 
  i 've been doing it every 2 weeks for about a year and a half and this is the first time it hit me that i could cut myself . 
  i 've been shaving for a year and a half every 2 , sometimes 3 weeks . 
  never really felt the itch . 
  all of my close friends that have tried it all hated it because of this itch you 're talking about . 
  i 'm probably going to get downvoted but fuck it . 
  i 'm a first timer and that does n't seem to go well with this sub-reddit . 
  but alas , i too ca n't stop tinkering ; so i kind of spent the last 3 days in this sub-reddit reading on everything i got my hands on . 
  so i 'm going to share with you what i 've learned so far :, 
  you should fit gareth bale in there . 
  apparently , if he 's as good enough as he was in the 2nd part of last season , he 's going to bring in a shit-ton of points . 
  meanwhile , the community is split on van persie . 
  some think he costs too much and you wo n't have any more money to balance your team . 
  some think he 's a must and he 'll bring in a ton of points . 
  i side with the former , even if he does bring in a ton of points , you are left with scrap money to balance your team ; particularly the midfield . 
  mertesacker , snodgrass , benteke , davis & mirallas are all great players . 
  their value is not too high and they bring in the points . 
  the community seems to agree that way too . 
  so ... good job ? 
  o'brian is great but he 's 5.5 $ while apparently coleman from everton is 5 $ and supposedly will play a ton of games and he has an offensive play-style and will bring in points through assists . 
  maybe with that extra 0.5 $ you can replace clyne with a 5 $ defender . 
  i went with riether from fulham . 
  you have too much norwich in there . 
  find replacements . 
  like seriously , van wolfy ? 
  get 2 strong strikers if you plan on playing 3-5-2 which from what i hear is the best formation in fantasy pl . 
  at 5.5 $ you can get mignolet as gk instead of jaasumthingnen . 
  most believe reina will go to napoli on a season-long loan and mignolet will be their new first-team goalkeeper , bringing in a lot of clean-sheets . 
  you definitely need more chelsea in there ; 2 at least . 
  hazard is a must ; captain role . 
  if you get bale too , give him the vice-captain role . 
  i 'd say either ivanovic ( 6.5 $ ) or cole ( 6 $ ) will also do the trick . 
  if you really want to take full benefit of the dwg you should get lukaku in there as well from all that money you make by giving away van persie . 
  giaccherini seems a bit over-priced at the moment , 0.5 $ too much ; did i mention too much norwich in there ? 
  get berbatov or lambert in there instead of van wolfy . 
  and that 's about it . 
  let the downvotes come !!, 
  : do n't watch `` the boy in the striped pyjamas '' -- just watched it . 
  i am now mentally scared because of that movie . 
  your team looks pretty solid . 
  you can keep tinkering with it as ideas come and go . 
  maybe change coutinho with another midfielder that is cost-effective ? 
  you already got bale and hazard , they are pretty expensive . 
  pienaar and sessegnon for example cost 7 $ and last year they brought in tons of points . 
  you can use that additional 2 $ to change mulumbu . 
  or hell , buy de guzman for 6 $ and spend the other 1 $ on changing that silly crystal palace striker .
