  i really like how you improved the buffs/nerfs panels since last time . 
  good job !, 
  other than that , i think you should have added summoner 's rift on visual reworks . 
  it 's a joke guys . . a joke . 
  you 're supposed to take it lightly and laugh along . 
  i personally think it was quite funny . 
  for some reason i did n't even realize i have been thinking exactly this for weeks until you pointed it out . 
  the gg at the end of a game is a sort-of tradition in the starcraft community . 
  the community copied the behavior from professional players that would input gg at the end of every game ( the one losing would insert it first ) . 
  starcraft requires a certain mindset in order for you to achieve things in multi-player . 
  most that lack it choose not to play . 
  edit : also , you forgot gg easy . 
  especially when they do n't particularly play that great . 
  wait , you can submit drawings for rp ? 
  where do i subscribe ? 
  i love mirror games vs anivia . 
  one thing i noticed is how different i play my anivia than most . 
  funny , i never lost a mirror game . 
  besides , it 's always a sight to watch players try to tame the cryophoenix . 
  i 've been stuck at 1400 all weekend . 
  i won a game then lost a game then won a game then lost a game and so forth for about 20 games now . 
  i 'm not even exaggerating , like maybe win two , lose two . 
  fuck no , it 's win one , lose one every fucking time ; and boy you should see the way we lose : a teemo threw one because our jungler criticised him for dying a lot , i was like 8/1 and dominating with my premade partener ( solo top ) . 
  tons of losses because of blitzcrank players going 0/8 within 20 minutes ; and i swear i 'll never forget last night when some idiot was like `` omg i dominate vladimir '' ( enemy ap mid ) so he thought , screw quasarkin , i can do this and picked fizz . 
  he went 2/8 in 20 minutes . 
  i should note , i really dominate vladimir as anivia . 
  it 's the one champion i seem to do really well no matter what . 
  fucking terrible and undeserved losses . 
  this is one of the best quotes in the entire series and my personal favorite . 
  in this brief moment , the story shifts from the point of view of those playing the game of thrones ( and their lesser creatures ) to the point of view of a common peasant . 
  can someone explain this to me like i 'm 5 ? 
  i know how to play minesweeper but i honestly do n't get this . 
  where do i get this ? 
  it looks amazing . 
  using only these 3 hints ( yes , seriously ) , i 'm guessing the application is called rainmeter . 
  why are you talking like an american ? 
  you 're polish for fucks sake . 
  i 'll stick with my half-life ost . 
  it 's obviously janna, 
  boots aside , it 's always my 3rd item as support after shurelya/elisa and solari . 
  this bad boy brings a lot to the team and it 's one of the most cost effective items in game . 
  added . 
  `` there 's a spider on your head . '', 
  edit : it 's a reference from a movie . 
  god damn it people . 
  you guys are all fools . 
  he 's clearly meditating on what level of awesomeness should he use for his next goal . 
  i 'm not a big fan of banning ap champions like morgana , ahri and kassadin . 
  i also do n't ban shaco like most people do . 
  instead , i like to focus on shen ( no. 1 priority if we 're not first pick ) , blitzcrank , kennen , nautilus and currently , hopefully not for long , darius . 
  it roughly translates to ` all champions must be nerfed . ', 
  anivia , the cryophoenix . 
  she 's one of the few champions , if not the only one , that really tailors to my style of gameplay . 
  she allows me to be very agressive , very early on . 
  her utility throughout the game , especially lategame , is amazing . 
  she brings a lot to the table in a lot , if not every , team composition . 
  i love the fact that people ca n't play her properly , i love the fact that players do n't generally play her . 
  i simply love her , she 's the best . 
  `` on my wings . '', 
  eu-west . 
  best : poppy ( hands down the best passive in-game by miles ) ,, 
  irelia , anivia , janna , well-designed champions in general . 
  worst : evelynn ( hands down the worst passive in-game by miles ), 
  in a way it 's the same type of grief you experience when one of your favorite characters die in a book or a film . 
  you 're sad that their journey was cut short , you 're sad that you wo n't get to see how they 're journey would have progressed had they not died . 
  i myself have probably never even seen him play . 
  but i know he meant a lot to real betis , and real betis means a lot to a lot of people , so he means a lot to a lot of people . 
  in one way or another he became a part of history and you should damn well have a minute of silence for that . 
  that surprisingly does n't make me feel better . 
  i hope they get their servers straightened up . 
   that 's the first thing i read on the site besides the main page . 
  suck a fuck anyone ? 
  there is only one zlatan . 
  perhaps a little biased but once in a while i turn back to the original anivia . 
  holy . 
  i have never seen this movie and this is the only clip i have seen of it . 
  within the minute i was tearing up ; and no , i will not admit that i am like the bigger brother . 
  i dropped 100 elo this week . 
  i was aiming for 1.6 k. 
  you guys are indeed right and this is the movie that the op is looking for . 
  a job well done !, 
  have 10 internets !, 
  i ca n't recall what movie this is . 
  a million times this . 
  he has some of the most memorable soundtracks : black hawk down , pirates of the caribbean , batman : begins , the dark knight , inception , etc. 
  what the fuck . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  surface of the sun is just brilliant . 
  tommy 's all grown up now . 
  i 'm surprised nobody mentioned ` the man from earth ' . 
  200.000 $ budget . 
  good to know we still have elitists-better-than-everyone around here . 
  for a while i was actually enjoying the whole community . 
  you have opened my eyes and i will now treat anyone below my elo as you 've shown me . 
  so ... yeah dude . . uh . . f-fu-fuck you ? . . you !, 
  in my opinion this subreddit was made for this kind of stuff . 
  sure , perhaps another sub-subreddit should be made for this particular stuff but sure enough this is at the moment , as far as i am concerned , the place to post this . 
  the thread does two things :, 
  - inspires other people to invest some time into becoming better and aiming higher knowing that other people have succeeded too . 
  - inspires the op to become even better knowing that others have been in the same situation and are now at a much higher level .
