  why the fuck are you subscribed to this subreddit ? 
  i 'm not saying he should n't place a spoiler tag on it . 
  what he did is a crime against humanity . 
  but let me repeat what you said : this is where you discuss the series . 
  why the fuck would you even be here if not to discuss the latest episode , theories , etc. ? 
  does this subreddit have any other purpose other than that during the season ? 
  if you want cutelock pictures you should probably browse tumblr . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  he wants to discuss season 2 . 
  i run an attacking 5-4-1 with a lot of through balls from my midfielders to feed the main man . 
  i keep rotating my strikers but none of them seem to score even from clear cut chances . 
  i came up to the same conclusion . 
  it works well but i 'm also conceding more often now . 
  it 's a double-edged sword . 
  there 's no ` role ' feature in cm03/04 i 'm afraid . 
  otherwise i would have fixed this shit long ago by simply having a ` poacher ' up front . 
  but the nostalgia is really nice , so i 'm playing cm03/04 while i wait for a patch to fix all the 14.2 bugs . 
  speaking of nostalgia , in my current game eusebio is a scout for benfica at the age of 61 and andre villas boas is for some reason a dm for porto ; and frank lampard is shit . 
  it 's the first game in the series that i laid my hands on . 
  i played it for years because i had no idea eidos and si split and that si were developing their series under a new name . 
  looking back on it , i 'd say si has really stepped up their game over the years . 
  cm 03/04 will always have a spot in my heart but i got to admit that having no way to influence a player 's future and not being able to play your players in different kind of roles and not being able to tailor your tactics so that your players play exactly the way you want them to play , it 's not something i think i could bear nowadays . 
  football manager has certainly improved a lot over the years ; if only the match engine could keep up with it . 
  can you imagine how ` in your face ' the arsenal fans will be if they manage to win the 4th place trophy again ? 
  this makes my stomach turn just thinking about it . 
  there are some great tactical insights in that thread and i 'll definitely keep an eye on it come this sunday . 
  but . . it 's their signature trophy . 
  surely that counts for something . 
  fun fact : kidderminster harriers are the first non-league football club to reach the 5th round of the fa cup , all the way back in the 1993-94 season . 
  they lost 0-1 to west ham united but that particular run gave them national fame . 
  this feat was equaled by crawley town in 2011 . 
  it 's worth noting however that all of crawley town 's players had professional contracts whereas kidderminster harriers ' players , at the time of their fa cup run , did not . 
  why the fuck do i know this despite not being english ? 
  football fucking manager . 
  this feature was introduced all the way back in fm08 , if i recall right . 
  i also recall it having ( at the time ) several bugs including the one where players will score very often when playing with the vertical option turned on . 
  i have n't used it since , i do n't trust it . 
  i 'm going to be a tad disappointed if they manage to snatch a draw against us . 
  i 'm pretty sure every chelsea fan can tell you we 're going to play for the three points and we would be quite disappointed if man u. get even a point from us . 
  do note that the final episode is double the length . 
  but the airtime still rounds off at about 210 minutes , including `` unpause '' ; which is 3 hours and 30 minutes left , without commercials . 
  new question : what if i were to stay without a job for another 6-8 months to start working on re-learning java and improve upon it ? 
  do keep in mind that i do not have a bachelor 's degree . 
  only as a manager you can be called young at 50 years of age . 
  this will be my 3rd game of la liga this season , following levente 's draw earlier tonight and the draw between atl . 
  madrid and barcelona earlier this month . 
  is there anything i should know before the game ? 
  watching most of the premier league matches every week and throwing in a couple of serie a matches is more than enough for me . 
  i just find la liga boring ; and on top of that they almost always play their games in late evening . 
  by then i 'm already tired of watching football on that particular day . 
  do n't get me wrong , atl . 
  madrid are doing god 's work right now but realistically the only title contenders are barcelona and real madrid and it ai n't looking like real madrid is having any great runs this year . 
  wonderful . 
  i 'll definitely sign up for more la liga matches then . 
  they air them really late here though . 
  i 'm from eastern europe and some games start as late as midnight . 
  i 'll start this discussion since nobody else wants to , despite not being a manchester united fan . 
  i 'll try to offer my best unbiased opinion . 
  for starters , i have to say i 'm quite impressed with manchester united . 
  we need more clubs like them that give enough time to their managers . 
  way too many clubs make knee-jerk decisions and sack their managers before they 've even had the chance to work on the actual problems . 
  which is most likely the squad . 
  right now manchester united has an average squad at best . 
  i 've had this feeling for a couple of seasons now and this season is slowly confirming it for me . 
  it goes to show how good of a manager sir alex ferguson was . 
  in my opinion he is the best manager that has ever graced football . 
  now do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not saying manchester united never had any good players . 
  until a couple of seasons they had an amazing squad filled with great players in their prime . 
  but right now , from what i 've seen of manchester united this season , i 'd say rafael , evra , welbeck and valencia have been largely wasteful and rash in their decisions on the pitch . 
  watching adnan januzaj , an 18 year old , carry an entire manchester united squad against what was ( in my opinion ) a mediocre chelsea , was quite an eye opener . 
  where do i think they 'll finish this year ? 
  if we 're going to be realistic i think they should buckle up for an ultimately disappointing season , finish in the 7th place . 
  manchester city is very likely to take the title this year with chelsea finishing up as a close 2nd . 
  arsenal and liverpool will battle for 3rd place but arsenal are much more likely to secure it . 
  tottenham will continue to try to chase that 4th place but ultimately fall from the race and finish 5th . 
  and finally , everton . 
  right now are the team to watch . 
  they play fantastic football . 
  if they manage to keep it up , and i 'm sure they will , and if martinez ` wigans ' it up in there , i can easily see them finishing 6th . 
  all in all , i 'd say this season they will fail miserably but i 'd love to see them keep moyesy on because he can make something out of the team if he 's given enough time . 
  he needs to rebuild hard . 
  ferguson 's old guard is retired , his best players are no longer in the prime or hindered with injuries . 
  i do believe next season will be a much better season for them and that moyesey , if he 's still there , could re-build to form a good squad enough to finish in 4th . 
  manchester united appointed the best manager that they could appoint considering their recent history of sacking managers ; and just as intended , this will take some time to come into fruition . 
  hell , not even sir alex ferguson built manchester united in a single season . 
  something , something , rome . 
  feel free to downvote without any discussion . 
  pretty much this . 
  which is making my heart sink by the minute . 
  he 's an amazing player and his last 1 and a half seasons stats are off the charts despite not playing for half a season . 
  he has created more chances in a season than hazard and oscar combined in a season and a half . 
  * sigh *, 
  it 's a fairly uncommon name . 
  are you sure he has n't created this persona where he acts as if his agent is a different person though he has the same name ? 
  i wonder what the fuck he was thinking before he decided to become a cannibal on an international stage . 
  as much as i hate arsenal , the right answer is thierry henry . 
  he was top goalscorer in the premier league for 4 years , 3 of which were consecutive seasons . 
  we love him and he 's an amazing player but i think almost every chelsea fan that i know of will tell you the same thing : he does n't fit mourinho 's play style . 
  mourinho gaved him loads of chances and he underperformed in every one of them .
