  there 's no other right answer . 
  i was n't able to follow the game against seattle but versus psg he seemed to have a pretty torrid time . 
  he did n't look that guarded but he found himself in-between 2 or 3 psg defenders every time he received the ball , quickly losing it . 
  it does n't look like he really knows how to use that body strength of his like drogba used to . 
  that aside , he really seems to be an almost perfect copy of a very young drogba ; and i think he knows it too , which adds a lot of pressure . 
  i do n't think he 'd be very happy with a loan to another club ( a premier league club would be preferable ) , but in all honesty he needs first-team experience which , at the current rate , wo n't get at chelsea for at least a couple of seasons . 
  manchester united, 
  1 ) sir alex ferguson, 
  2 ) ryan giggs ( stricly speaking on the field ), 
  3 ) i really ca n't find a third thing though , really sorry . 
  courtois , luiz , cahill , bertrand , romeu , ramires , mata , obi mikel , de bruyne , hazard , mceachran , marin , kakuta , lukaku , sturridge and i 'm probably forgetting some . 
  we 're set to go for the next 5 seasons at least for sure . 
  hell , even cech and terry still have 2 or 3 seasons in them . 
  some of these players just need first-team experience . 
  perhaps loaned for a couple of seasons to some other premier league club . 
  what the fuck , i was thinking the same thing when he tried to pull the zola . 
  he was adopted by chelsea at the age of 4 . 
  i 'm 20 . 
  same . 
  will keep it that way . 
  i used to swear when i was younger but i do n't like to do it nowadays except if it makes a bad joke slightly better . 
  i feel like it says something about me . 
  i may be wrong but fuck it . 
  the first 3 comments deserve many and more upvotes . 
  it all went downhill from there . 
  you should n't do that . 
  ever . 
  at all . 
  do n't make her believe that you 're taking her to the movies because she took an extra shift for you . 
  even if she wo n't think that , it may still look like you 're taking a little bit of advantage of her ( which you are ) . 
  you 've been flirting for two days , you 're taking her to the movies because you 're interested in her . 
  it 's very likely she 's also interested ; and if she 's not , she 's probably neo ( just joking ) . 
  you got the ` ask her while she 's alone ' part right . 
  but you lack the confidence to ask her directly ( you 're using an excuse ) . 
  i know it sounds clich\u00e9e but being upfront about it will mean a lot when she makes up her mind . 
  confidence is the single most important part of sealing the deal or brushing off a rejection . 
  also , you should wait until someone with ` dating a co-worker experience ' replies to you . 
  i heard they generally entail a little more than your casual boy meets girl/girl meets boy relationships . 
  edit : wait , 2 days ?? 
  hold your horses man , unless you 're a top notch artist you should at least give it a week and see if the flirting persists . 
  every girl is different . 
  depending on the type of girl she is , she may say yes ( or no for the matter ) for an amazing amount of reasons . 
  you 're the only one here that knows a tiny little bit of her . 
  you may however not want to be too upfront about it after only 2 days , it may be ` it 's just the movies ' but considering you 've both been ` awarely ' flirting , it 's obvious what your intentions are . 
  am i the only one who got a donnie darko vibe when she said ' i want to be like everyone else . 
  but i ca n't . 
  because i am carly . 
  if you happen to be female , intelligent , open minded and a little bit weird , i may just be your villain . 
  maybe he mistook hitler for fidel castro and the the holocaust as the bay of pigs ? 
  fidel castro is not mexican but then again . . you sound like americans . 
  hey i do that with ` balls '' ( fits a lot like dude/bro in my native language ) , i 've been called on it several times . 
  i even know when i picked it up . 
  i just do n't realize i do it when i do it but this thread makes me want to stop . 
  i also repeat a lot of words when i 'm writing a post on a board , so i have to read what i just wrote twice , sometimes three times , just to make sure i did not repeat any words i wrote . 
  i 'll let this one slip . 
  for the lazy . . 
  nah just joking , i 'm lazy too . 
  onions . 
  every time . 
  you ca n't explain that . 
  wife . 
  i do n't know , i just find it so beautiful . 
  i do n't use facebook because the moment i click that register button , i am ` forced ' to upload pictures of my activities twice or thrice ( thanks asoiaf for this term ) a week . 
  not to mention i 'll have to come up with cute/romantic content ( by liking it ) for when i ca n't actually upload pictures of my activities just to keep up with social standards . 
  i 'm just not that kind of guy ; and i do n't mean to sound like a dick but the public conversations on your wall and pictures look fucking ridiculous . 
  all of them . 
  i 'll find a way to change your sex . 
  some day . 
  i hope . 
  i trust my government . 
  99 % of my country probably do n't . 
  i am the 1 % ; albeit i should point out i 'm not from the us since i made a reference to the 1 % . 
  . . yes . 
  what if you ca n't remember because the memories are stored inside your brain not inside of your consciousness ? 
  that would certainly remove the ever-lasting problem of `` i am immortal , i have done everything there is to be done , what now ? 
  '' ; and how did you ( the consciousness ) came to be inside what appears to be a random life form , at a random time and random place , on a random dot in a random galaxy in what appears to be a random universe ? 
  and if the universe is finite , what 's surrounding it ? 
  space certainly not . 
  nothingness maybe ? 
  and is there an infinity of this nothingness ? 
  how is this infinity of nothingness , that makes the universe infinitely small , possible ? 
  we look at space as if it 's the definition of nothingness yet it 's not true nothingness , not in the truest of senses . 
  it almost seems like everything is possible . 
  imagine the infinite amount of time it has passed just for something to happen in this nothingness , just for this one event , this one . . big bang . 
  or try imagining how many universes before ours may have been , imagine how many spent billions and billions and billions of years without a single life form to acknowledge them . 
  even worse if cosmic cruelty has played a part in all of this and some of these universes have had life forms but no consciousness to acknowledge them . 
  cruel indeed . 
  cosmic history lost to time . 
  and maybe , just imagine that at this one point in time , even this cycle of universes run out of infinite consciousnesses ? 
  what then ? 
  in a random life form , at a random time and random place , on a random dot in a random galaxy in what appears to be a random universe . 
  what if ? 
  by far my most acknowledged thing about me has been my black eyes . 
  eyes ca n't really be black but it 's the darkest brown you 'll ever see . 
  it 's especially noticeable at night when my eyes reflect the streetlight . 
  among other things , i 've been told i am witty , have a dark sense of humor and on several occasions , weird . 
  to my surprise , all of them have been girls . 
  whenever they say it , they use this very ` look at me , i am cute ' voice and have that ' i see inside of you ' look on their face . 
  well , at least they 're trying . 
  why ca n't i be attracted to women that i feel are less intelligent than me ?
