  it contains a moonlight mod , which is why it 's so amazing . 
  people are downvoting me despite not knowing how op lucio was . 
  he alone was able to cover for the entire defence . 
  ` your ' you mean . 
  you 're hiding jews are n't you ? 
  you could 've used `` zombies '' =d, 
  there 's an entire community on the si forums working solely on player pictures , club crests , ui , etc. 
  it usually takes only a few days after release that they release the first batch of player pictures . 
  keep an eye around the forums . 
  how do you define demons ? 
  what do you think they can do ( powers , etc. . ) ? 
  anything else worth telling about how you view demons ? 
  i ca n't get myself to read all that wall of text and your tl ; dr is useless . 
  who 's cluttering the front page ? 
  what arguments are mirroring ? 
  who 's `` both '' and why are they annoying ? 
  so many questions . . 
  the problem with telling people around you that you 're an atheist at that age can be seen as rebellion against higher authority ( family , friends , etc. . ), 
  i 'm curious as to what things have happened in your life that makes you believe in a god . 
  screw you , you just reminded me of that awesome feature that never happens to me . 
  i 've seen screenshots of it on the si forums a few years ago . 
  i have yet to see a son that becomes a `` wonderkid '' or a `` world class player '' though . 
  real player names , every year it updates my knowledge on what players have transfered to what teams . 
  one day my son will be a champions league winner !, 
  one day . . 
  you can tell it 's fake just by realizing it 's arsenal we 're talking about . 
  it must have been when i was very young . 
  atheism is not a religion . 
  christ , how many times must we say this ? 
  i 'll clarify a few things for you guys :, 
  you can only get a son after about 7 seasons into the game . 
  rumors are that there 's only a 0.01 % chance you 're going to get a son in a game , repeating this lottery every new season . 
  your son will always begin in your u18 where you manage ( only with clubs ) . 
  he will have you as his favorite personnel and will share your last name , obviously . 
  here 's a screenshot of someone 's virtual son :, 
  i would suggest you use the 18 wwy one for the youngsters and keep your 4.5 star gk to train your main and reserve team goalkeepers ( 1 is more than enough ! ), 
  2d , key . 
  the problem i have with key is that it offers you too good of a view on which team is actually playing at the moment . 
  if their team has a highlight , you must make changes in your tactic . 
  extended would solve this but that way a match takes like 20 minutes . 
  aggressive is for when you lose against a lower rated team or when you felt that you gave away a very good lead or one of your players is playing like shit . 
  assertive is pretty much the same but against better rated teams . 
  passionate is the excitement you hope to get out of players before , during and/or after a match . 
  come on lads !, 
  calm is the real-deal manager talk . 
  the suit and everything else . 
  the serious face . 
  get on the damn field and get me a win . 
  cautious is for those times you want to try a new approach with your team but you do n't want their morale to go abysmal if things do n't go your way . 
  reluctant is simply what it is . 
  blame that fucking referee . 
  tolga cigerci , he 's valued at 3.5 m at the beginning of the game but you have to inquiry about him and they will come up with the amazing sum of 12m which you can thankfully bring down to around 8m . 
  he 's a 19 year old from wolfsburg and he 's a central midfielder , albeit he can be deployed as a dmc and an amc as well . 
  sadly at the beginning of the game he ca n't speak english . 
  he has a balanced personality but i can see it changing as the game progresses , depending on how you want to shape his future . 
  i tend to play him as an advanced playmaker but he 's real passion is deep lying playmaker . 
  he 's stats are pretty amazing for a 19 year old and i think you 're going to get quite a few bucks on him when he 's 23 years old . 
  he 's been with me for 3 months and has already improved his value to 3.9 m ( he 's still currently on loan but he 's coming in january '12 ) . 
  i think you should read the bible . 
  i do n't think you 're going to find many fifa manager players here . 
  one managing franchise is more than enough and well this subreddit is pretty much about football manager . 
  i see . 
  it 's just that for the time i 've been here there has been only talk of fm11 and 12 . 
  my bad . 
  i smell christian op . 
  how about ` no . ' ? 
  i have ~ 80 years on this planet , i will god damn take religion down with me . 
  religion has caused so much suffering and pain throughout the history of this planet i ca n't even contemplate a truce with it ; and do n't even dare to say `` this happened long ago , religion is peaceful now . '', 
  because it 's bullshit !, 
  no i think he 's claiming we are shoving belief down their throats . 
  i know it does n't make sense , just go with it !, 
  so you 're saying hundreds of years from now there will actually be evidence of any deity ? 
  meanwhile , shut the fuck up . 
  i 'm curious how someone becomes atheist by chance . 
  that sounds irrational , borderline with religion . 
  34,6 euro in romania . 
  by the way it 's 37 dollars not euro 's on greenmangaming . 
  which is even cheaper . 
  what happened to the whale 's teeth ? 
  i am 100 % sure nobody in my high school knows about reddit . 
  there are a couple of solutions :, 
  find a parent club and loan their reserve dc 's . 
  increase your wage budget , scout france and bring in cheap . 
  loan premier-side youth for 100 % wage . 
  play 3-5-2 possession and be agressive . 
  each one of these solutions however have their downsides . 
  think wisely . 
  i was going to post that . 
  + karma for everyone just because of flaming_taco_money 's argument . 
  besides the fact that god seemed to come off as trying to be cool , it 's actually a really good scifi story and i really enjoyed it . 
  i really liked how the story was coming off through god 's point of view . 
  could you post a detailed match analysis ? 
  i 'm really curious about some other stats like passing and clear cut chances , etc. . 
  it just seems that the burnley goalkeeper had a terrible day or it was n't the first team goalkeeper . 
  reading scored 7 out of 10 times , 5 of these were clear cut chances , couple that with 2 own goals , an epic performance from the reading side and voila 9-3 . 
  fuck yea . 
  so many tens . 
  cm 03/04 as dag & red in blue square premier , 0-2 vs chelsea in season 3 . 
  good times . 
  good times .
