  is n't embarrassment caused by a socially unacceptable act seen or revealed to others ? 
  right now . 
  not now , it 's more of a period of time that has been going on for about 3 years and will last indefinitely until i do something about it . 
  it costs money . 
  money i do n't have . 
  money i do n't want to ask my parents for . 
  let 's leave it at that . 
  i 'm a guy and it still sounds awesome . 
  it would be pretty obvious this is n't an everyday occurrence , but that would only make me feel even more flattered . 
  seriously use it some day . 
  some of my best friends are from the internet and have never met irl . 
  i 'll do more for them ( and i have ) than i 'm willing to do for any of my irl friends ; and there 's one thing i 've learned from all of this : loyalty to whom matters . 
  no matter what . 
  keep the blanket ( or in rare cases , a second pillow ) between my chest and my arms . 
  feels awkward otherwise ; and i can not sleep on the back because i have tachycardia . 
  makes me feel out of breath . 
  every time i see one of these posts , my immediate reaction is `` not another switch-a-roo . '', 
  i can tell you what movie it is by watching a random clip of roughly .2 seconds from it . 
  as long as i 've seen it , obviously . 
  how many alzheimers patients does it take to change a light bulb ? 
  to get to the other side . 
  ` the path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men . 
  blessed is he who , in the name of charity and good will , shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness , for he is truly his brother 's keeper and the finder of lost children . 
  and i will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers . 
  and you will know i am the lord when i lay my vengeance upon you . ', 
  now . . 
  and if you ever heard it , that meant your ass . 
  you 'd be dead right now . 
  i never gave much thought to what it meant . 
  i just thought it was a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before i popped a cap in his ass . 
  but i saw some shit this mornin ' made me think twice . 
  see , now i 'm thinking : maybe it means you 're the evil man . 
  and i 'm the righteous man . 
  and mr. 9mm here ... he 's the shepherd protecting my righteous ass in the valley of darkness . 
  or it could mean you 're the righteous man and i 'm the shepherd and it 's the world that 's evil and selfish . 
  and i 'd like that . 
  but that shit ai n't the truth . 
  the truth is . . you 're the weak . 
  and i 'm the tyranny of evil men . 
  but i 'm tryin ' , ringo . 
  i 'm tryin ' real hard to be the shepherd . '', 
  - jules , pulp fiction ( 1994 ) . 
  you forgot to mention that she has to be at least as smart as you , be very sociable and love my weird ways . 
  or maybe that 's just me . 
  calling it . '', 
  the only time i ever called it , fernando torres scored a hattrick for chelsea . 
  coincidences like that just do n't happen to me . 
  roughly 380 upvotes . 
  it 's an on/off switch for me . 
  depends where i am and who 's around me . 
  when alone , i prefer to have a childlike mind . 
  it would not matter . 
  madagascar 's port would already be closed . 
  and airborne viruses travel by plane . 
  a coin made in 1677 . 
  found it while scratching a small hole in the backyard . 
  oh it gets better , i lost it 2 or 3 years ago . 
  never found out its value . 
  poate d'aia prefera a throne made of skulls . 
  a novel by statul roman modern . 
  my dreams are a god damn work of art but this one in particular was pretty fucking strange . 
  this dream had no details to it . 
  it lacked . . everything . 
  here i was in my room , or rather i was merely a point of view , standing right at the entrance . 
  i knew there was no door behind me , i knew i did not came from anywhere and i was n't going to leave this room . 
  i could tell that the sole purpose of this dream was to tell me something i should already know or be aware of . 
  the whole room painted a bright blue , in front of me an entire side of the room made out of glass and on my left a nightstand table without a bed to be besides to . 
  that was pretty much every detail my brain was willing to offer me . 
  the window-wall itself did not offer any other details besides the fact that the room had plenty of sunlight . 
  but there was nothing else , either above or below my room , just the clear sky and the ever-shining sun ; and that 's not all . 
  my real room is n't even painted blue , it 's purple . 
  in any case , here i was , or rather just my point of view . 
  i felt like going to investigate the nightstand some more ; and then , on the nightstand , a beautifully cut single red rose lacking any sort of thorns . 
  in that instant i woke up and felt the loneliest i have ever felt in my life . 
  this happened roughly 2 months ago , it 's a very vivid dream . 
  not as crazy as the titanic one . 
  now that is an . . interesting . . coincidence . 
  need i remind you that the coincidence ( albeit 100 % just a coincidence , do n't get me wrong , i am the most skeptical man i know ) is down to :, 
  - similar name ( titan/titanic ) . 
  - almost identical in size , speed and number of lifeboats . 
  - both are described as unsinkable ( one in the book , the other in the newspapers ) . 
  - both hit an iceberg 400 miles away from newfoundland . 
  - both sank in april , in a very similar way . 
  i 'm sure there are more coincidences in this story but i do n't remember them all . 
  he has a say in this . 
  [ he ] ( http://www.london2012.com/athlete/brown-chris-1110817/ ) was in the olympics after all . 
  cue [ scatman ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cnqck0u49w ) . 
  nastase by day , batman at night . 
  there just is n't any other answer . 
  4x11 - crawl space . 
  walt 's metaphorical grave . 
  tldr : prost . 
  i 'm sorry , maybe it 's just me , but i find this incredibly stupid . 
  tldr : prost . 
  i 'm not sure if people are aware of these strange little facts but here it goes ( they 're all about the solar system ) :, 
  mercury has less than 2 days a year . 
  a day is 59 earth days and a year is 88 earth days . 
  days are longer than years on venus . 
  a day is 243 earth days and an year is 225 earth days . 
  while most planets rotate around their axis counter-clockwise , venus rotates around its axis clockwise .
