  japan !, 
  * 6 matches ( at the moment ) , 22 goals scored ( at the moment ) . 
  * 4 matches were won by 3 goals . 
  brazil , chile and costa rica conceded 1 each . 
  * 2 matches left , 7 goals - netherlands destroyed spain 5-1 . 
  * 1 match left , 1 goal . 
  mexico gets a win against cameroon . 
  arguably the ` worst ' game of the wc so far . 
  i expect a lot of things that have seemingly nothing to do with the rings themselves would be very different . 
  sort of like a butterfly effect . 
  for starters , rings on earth and the evolution of human are two things that are impossible at the same time . 
  why ? 
  for starters , let 's imagine that when the moon hit earth and instead of reforming itself as a satellite , it got destroyed in a million pieces and formed a ring similar to saturn 's rings . 
  now . 
  remember that asteroid that killed the dinosaurs and started the process for mankind to come forward ? 
  well that same asteroid would have most likely destroyed at least half of the ring . 
  it is said to have entered the atmosphere somewhere around the equator , somewhere around where southern north america is today . 
  but even so , let 's assume that did n't happen and mankind still came forward . 
   why would n't there be a catholic church exactly ? 
  mankind would have evolved at a different time on earth . 
  continents would be at a different stage . 
  countries would have developed differently and as such languages would have taken all kind of twists and turns , probably not being anything at all similar to what we currently have . 
  religions would most likely integrate the rings as part of their doctrine , similar to how the sun was part of so many religions in the past . 
  on top of that , solar eclipses would n't exist . 
  as such , large sections of certain ancient religions would cease to exist or be entirely different . 
  the earth would be the center of the universe for a longer period of time but at least there would be no doubt that the earth is not in fact flat . 
  there would be no moon landings . 
  there would be no tsunamis . 
  there are many areas in which everything would be entirely different . 
  let there be light . 
  i recall this pic has been around for quite some time -- a few years ? 
  am i dreaming this ? 
  ** edit : ** nevermind , it 's just [ very , very , very similar ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o7610fi.jpg ) . 
  somewhere in here there 's an `` op is a bundle of sticks '' but i 'm not sure if it applies entirely . 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  if brazil continue to play like they did in their first match , i do n't see them going further than the round of 16 . 
  might be what ?? 
  might be what ??? 
  i have a headache . 
  did n't put the two together . 
  now i 'm sad at my intelligence and still have a headache . 
  fuck my life . 
  romania 's 1st choice gk has just signed for acf fiorentina on a free . 
  it 's currently unknown if he can replace neto in fiorentina 's first team . 
  maybe a fiorentina fan can provide more details . 
  i can definitely see pantilimon try his hand at becoming sunderland 's first choice but mannone has quite the story to tell :, 
  * signed as a backup for westwood . 
  * became 1st ` choice ' following westwood 's injury . 
  * made his league start in a 1-0 win against manchester city . 
  * went on to become the supporter 's player of the year . 
  * later confirmed as the club 's official player of the year as well . 
  * mannone 's contract expires in may 2015 . 
  it 's not supposed to motivate you . 
  it 's supposed to show you that he is every one of us . 
  every day we take small steps in postponing ourselves . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've motivated myself to go home and change all the shit in my life only to begin postponing it for tomorrow . 
  tomorrow . 
  tomorrow . 
  but tomorrow only seems to come when your motivation has died off . 
  and then you 're 30 years old . 
  one of the top posts from the [ match thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/28auah/match_thread_iran_vs_nigeria_group_f/ ) . 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : yes but it 's generally considered a waste of time as the goalkeeper 's reach is bigger than a player due to his ability to use his hands . 
  on top of that the goalkeepers are usually protected from any kind of fault by the referee . 
  if for example you 're trying to make the goalkeeper mishandle the ball by jumping and hitting his hands with any part of your body is not a good idea . 
  it falls in line with unsportsmanlike behavior . 
  this is the correct answer but on top of that i would like to add there are certain rules for throwing the ball into play . 
  you 're only allowed to put the ball back into play from a throw if you 're using both of your hands and you have to throw it over your head . 
  unlike the qualifiers where you can field anyone you want as long as they 're of us citizenship and have not played international competitions for another country , the world cup works a little bit differently . 
  in fact , most final tournaments work very much the same . 
  before the start of the world cup the team has to submit a shortlist of 23 players that are allowed to represent the country and have no long-term bans from football . 
  once that shortlist is submitted , the team has to make use of those specific players . 
  basically what that means for you is that donovan wo n't make any appearances at this world cup . 
  sorry usa . 
  there are many styles of playing football . 
  right now the usa team is in the lead which means they will prefer playing more defensive football . 
  as such , they will allow the ghanian players more possession in their own half ( and quite a bit in the usa half depending on how deep the defensive line of the usa team is ) , while the usa players make sure they do n't have any holes in their defense . 
  the usa players will most likely be looking to spring a counter-attack through the channels that are left open by the ghanian defense following a missed opportunity . 
  the wing-backs ( left and right defenders -- not the central defenders ) tend to join the attack when building up a goalscoring opportunity , leaving big holes in the defense if they 're not fast enough to react and go back . 
  penalties are just simply faults that happen inside the goalkeeper 's box ( outer box included ) . 
  they work exactly the same way except that it results in a clear-cut opportunity to score a goal . 
  a fault can be given for attempting to get the ball out of the opponent 's reach but instead botching the kick and hitting the opponent himself . 
  it 's not a fault if you push the opponent away from the ball using your shoulders or merely standing still and the opponent runs into you . 
  the world cup has not yet entered the ` knockout rounds ' stage . 
  it 's currently in the ` groups ' stage . 
  * there are 32 teams divided into 8 groups , 4 teams in each of the groups . 
  once the team gets drawn into a group they play the other teams in that group . 
  3 games , playing 1 game with each other team in that group . 
  a win means 3 points , a draw means 1 point , a loss means no points . 
  the 2 teams ( out of the 4 teams ) that have the most points get to qualify to the ` knockout ' stage . 
  if more than 2 teams have the same number of points the ones that go further qualify based on additional rules . 
  those rules are more complex so you 're gon na have to ask at a later time for this . 
  * the ` knockout ' stage is the final stage of the world cup . 
  every team plays to win or go home . 
  a draw after 90 minutes results in 30 additional minutes of play ( 2 halves of 15 minutes ) . 
  if the game stays a draw the match moves on to penalties . 
  the team who scores the most penalties out of 5 penalties qualifies for the next ` knockout round ' . 
  if both teams score the exact same number of penalties out of the first 5 penalties , the team that misses their penalty goes home . 
  if both teams miss their penalties it continues on until one of them scores and the other one misses . 
  it 's not arbitrary .
