  you can tell it 's true because i say so . 
  ** its ** members are mostly republicans . 
  this is not a shorter version of it is or it has . 
  this version implies that ~ ~ republicans hate gays ~ ~ the church members are mostly republicans . 
  problem solved . 
  : i have no idea what i 'm doing , i 'm not from the great usa . 
  it 's been wonderful in the past to hate the gays . 
  sadly , i 'm riding on your downvoted ass . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhlpaj38rhc ) is the only answer . 
  oh my god , you guys , today is the first time i understood this reference . 
  so funny xd . 
  edit : whew , turns out not everyone digs humor with a little bit of salt on top of sarcasm . 
  hodor, 
  watch the introduction of the game on [ youtube ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lckdta3ghpo ) . 
  it 's one of g-man 's epic speeches you do n't want to miss . 
  you have to play the half-life expansions as well as the half-life 2 episodes . 
  they are all canon , especially the episodes . 
  they 're not just extra content . 
  the expansions show the black mesa incident from different point of views . 
  opposing force shows the story from the point of view of adrian shephard , an us marine ( among many ) sent to make sure no aliens escape the facility . 
  the character has become a fan-favorite among many despite only ever being seen in this expansion . 
  you 'll have to play to find out why he 's regarded so highly . 
  blue shift is from the point of view of barney calhoun , a bodyguard at black mesa , you encounter him during the first minute of half-life , yelling for someone to open the door as he 's stuck outside . 
  you also encounter him in half-life 2 , as the one free man 's best friend . 
  it is a very short expansion . 
  spoilers aside , play it , it 's worth it . 
  to this day there are still ` unforseen consequences ' because of this expansion . 
  half-life 2 : episode one picks up the story right from the very last seconds of half-life 2 , following the destruction of city 17 and what seems your impeding placement in stasis once more . 
  i have a feeling we 're going to see a new clue on tonight 's gttv episode . 
  wait , this is for real ? 
  i 've been looking around for about 10 minutes now trying to figure out if this is a joke or not . 
  i 'm in eden for the performance on his premier league debut . 
  he 's going to be a real hazard for our opponents . 
  request it on / r/fullmatch since i 'm sure ( you may smell sarcasm here ) you already went through the usual suspects and found nothing . 
  screenshot and upload the following :, 
  - squad  squad screen, 
  - squad  fixtures screen, 
  - squad  tactics  overview screen, 
  - squad  tactics  team instructions screen, 
  - squad  tactics  set pieces screen, 
  - squad  tactics  captains screen, 
  - squad  team report  squad depth screen, 
  - squad  team report  last match screen, 
  - squad  team report  tactics analysis screen, 
  - squad  team report  goal analysis screen, 
  - club  information  stats screen, 
  also take a look at the club  league screen  stats  team stats & & club  league screen  stats  player stats screens , there is a multitude of information to let you know which players are performing . 
  a lot of people play this way . 
  i myself one-upped everyone and created my own club with the worst possible of everything . 
  amateur club , no facilities what-so-ever , 5k in finances ( set it to 0 but due to sponsorship i started with roughly 5k ) , no reputation , no staff/regens , pretty much nothing . 
  i went on to promote from blue square south in my first season after which my board decided that the club must go semi-professional . 
  this meant that i had to offer my players contracts or let them get stolen by better sides . 
  seeing as i had maybe 20k in finances , most of my players were stolen and the few that i actually kept were fine with a 25 $ / week contract . 
  for the first time , in 8 years since i began playing this game , due to the club 's very low reputation , poor financial display and pretty much hanging on to the same team from my first season , i retrograded . 
  i felt terrible and quit football manager for 4 months . 
  returned a week ago and decided to change my fortunes . 
  bought in new players on wages roughly 100-200 $ and a couple on 400 $ while keeping the core of the club intact on 25 $ a week . 
  turns out , they begin to cry like little bitches that their wages are much smaller than some of their teammates . 
  but you can manage them pretty easily if you ask them to show you that they deserve better wages . 
  went on to win the blue square south once again . 
  so here i am , 4th season , game is minimized , preparing to take on salisbury in the blue square premier , -20 k in finances , semi-professional club , local reputation , total player salary of roughly 6.3 k ( the board recommends 5k ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm going to enter administration but i 'm not willing to entertain relegation thoughts just yet . 
  i feel this is going to be a good season . 
  thank god i 'm not the only one who thought this . 
  i was wondering if this was an older video and re-uploaded in 2008 because most players on the list did not make sense , they were already big names or about to be big transfers . 
  the ending kills it . 
  laughed my ass off through the entire thing but i completely lost it at the end . 
  as far as i know , for a player to become a club legend , he has to be picked as the fans player of the year several times . 
  the first time around they become ` favorite personnel ' . 
  i can attest to this with my saves , i have saves before every start of the season :, 
  - in season 1 , the captain , a central defender , became favorite personnel following the pick on fans player of the year . 
  - in season 2 , following an amazing transfer saga , another central defender , a hot prospect , on rotation with the captain , became favorite personnel following the pick on fans player of the year . 
  - in season 3 , following the complete replacement of the captain and an injury that kept his rotational back-up away from the game for 6 months , i recalled the least likely of players from loan . 
  yet another central defender that went on to become favorite personnel following the pick on fans player of the year and runner-up on blue square south player of the season ( lost it by .02 avg . 
  rating ) . 
  additional favorite personnel : me , at the beginning of the 4th season , due to 2 promotions in 3 seasons and a complete overhaul of the club . 
  i am assuming that after 2 or 3 fans player of the year picks , they become icons and after maybe 5 picks they become club legends . 
  none you probably heard of , i do n't like to research the forums for underrated and valuable players . 
  i use my scouting department for that , i like to bring as much realism to my game as possible . 
  i do n't do the player search myself , if my scouts are bad then so be it , the club will suffer . 
  as such , i do tend to have an enormous list of trialists before i make any real decision on whom to sign , based on recommendation , ability , potential , and preferred role . 
  my scouting department seems to excel at bringing me great defenders . 
  all of my dc 's have been off the charts amazing , my dl and dr made a lot of counter-attacks possible . 
  the strikers however have been terrible . 
  i ca n't seem to get a solid striker . 
  i guess i 'm in the same shithole that irl chelsea is . 
  the strikers they recommend are decent on paper , however when you take a closer look at the stats , they lack composure and strength . 
  as such , i 've discovered that in the blue square south all you really need is a very fast poacher and he will steamroll everything even if he has shit finishing , first touch , composure , strength , etc. 
  i know this because i had a striker with almost every stat at 2 except acceleration which was at 19 . 
  lad scored 18 in 42 games , coupled with some very good direct services from my wing-backs and wingers . 
  everything changes once you get into the blue square premier . 
  it 's like a whole new level . 
  players actually need all their stats intact or they 'll be shit no matter what you try . 
  point in case , one of my better strikers last season , scored 14 goals , assisted 11 times and had a pass completion of 86 % all while being on rotation with my other main striker . 
  once i got to blue square premier , he can barely touch the ball before he decides to randomly shoot in every possible angle of the field but the goal , because his composure is 3 , even though his finishing is 11 and his first touch is 12 and all his other stats are pretty decent too for blue square premier . 
  he is now eagerly awaiting to be loaned . 
  in blue square south he was worth 35k . 
  in blue square premier he is worth 7k . 
  talk about a whole new level . 
  : sorry about the long fucking post .
