  on the other hand , the obvious way to carry games is quite literally by playing a carry role . 
  i think most junglers would agree that the adc is the best carry in a team but i will biasedly agree to some degree and disagree for the most part since i main midlane . 
  by the way , i 'm speaking strictly about soloq-ing . 
  why ? 
  because there are no good adcs at bronze/silver/gold league level . 
  if you grasp the concept of adc you 're already on your way to platinum . 
  adc is , in my experience , the last role the average player figures out . 
  once you got that trading/last hitting to a good standard , i give you permission to tell yourself you 're better than 95 % of the adcs . 
  worldwide . 
  that leaves you with the role of ap carry to carry yourself out of silver ; and it 's fucking easy . 
  you do n't even have to make big plays . 
  for this post i will be using lux as an example for a multitude of reasons : very easy to grasp champion , has a great poke , has great range , has the potential of making big plays , can one shot most supports in late-game , has easy to grasp farming etc. 
  you do n't even have to be good at cs-ing . 
  if you get like 60 cs in 10 minutes on your lux you 're good to go . 
  use movement speed quints , rush magic pen . 
  boots , get to level 6 and check the minimap for ganks and roam the fuck out of every . 
  single . 
  game . 
  yes . 
  you heard me right . 
  let it fall . 
  the enemy apcs in bronze and silver league wo n't know how to react . 
  no one roams that hard in there . 
  the enemy apc will then try to make 2 plays : they will try to copy you and roam . 
  call ss , ping your over-extended allies back and enjoy watching a failed gank , while they lose a ton of cs in lane . 
  or they will try to push mid lane and get the tower ; and the second one . 
  again . 
  let it fall . 
  as long as it 's not down to the last turret before the inhibitor , let them all fall . 
  people do n't know what to do once they get that first turret . 
  so they 'll push the second ; and they 'll fail hard . 
  gank your own lane . 
  fuck it . 
  act as a 2nd jungler when there 's nothing to farm in your lane . 
  make them think defensively . 
  get some wards . 
  ward the enemy blue . 
  steal it every time , gank there . 
  they 'll try to play smart and be ready to smite it . 
  wait for them to steal it ( it 's your blue , always remember that ! ), 
  and then paciently combo the enemy that took it . 
  they 're rarely full hp . 
  even better if you wait for them to get to close range to throw in a basic attack and an ignite after the full combo . 
  note : once you comit to a gank , go to the lane and even if you fail , push those bastards as hard as possible . 
  get the tower . 
  always get the tower . 
  you fail a gank , push the tower . 
  you do n't fail a gank , go back to your lane . 
  repeat . 
  tl ; dr : carry as midlane . 
  learn to roam . 
  let your lane fail if you grasp the opportunity at a nice gank . 
  clear the minion wave fast and go towards those lesser lanes like top and bot and help them stop sucking . 
  edit : well shit . 
  this was one of my most hectic posts to date . 
  i 'm really tired . 
  ask away if something 's not clear enough . 
  that 's the problem right there . 
  as adc you crap on your lane but in teamfights it 's still a coin toss . 
  the way i suggested it , you win top and bot lane for your team and sometimes the enemy apc is so bad that he fails to destroy your midlane towers as well . 
  on the other hand , i playtested carrying as adc twitch on a silver v account today . 
  i won 9 out of 10 games , only losing one game because the midlaner fed 0/7 in 14 minutes to the enemy jarvan iv . 
  the lesson here is that people do n't know how to react to weird picks/builds in silver league . 
  how to carry as adc : 100 cs in 14 minutes is a minimum must . 
  never focus on other lanes unless there are skirmishes in your proximity or you 've already pushed the two enemy towers on your lane and you now have to pick another lane to focus on . 
  i picked twitch for maximum split-push potential as well as easy get-away using the stealth from q. 
  only in 1 out of the 10 games did the enemy support bother to buy oracle and pinks and i still won that hard using some clever flashes over the wall and getting my own oracle to clear the wards . 
  always splitpush as adc on your lane . 
  it forces the enemy to send one of their own and it 's surprisingly almost never the enemy adc which you can easily 1v1 using twitch 's op combo qwr and a tap of e when they think they 're still safe enough but run away . 
  usually they send the midlaner and the jungler and sometimes the toplaner and the jungler . 
  it 's almost always 2 or 3 people coming bot to deny you pushes . 
  just ask your team to continue to either 1-man splitpush top and for the rest to come bot and keep em there ( a reverse tactic to what you were doing until this point -- you need a good tanky toplaner that can escape just as fast and easy as you . 
  examples include garen and renekton . ), 
  or ask them to just do n't bother with bot and force a teamfight in midlane . 
  as soon as the enemy toplane/midlane and jungler shows up on bot you 're already half-way through their jungle preparing for a 5v3 . 
  they usually just back off of mid and let you get yet another tower . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  tl ; dr : if you really do n't want to carry as midlane , carry as adc but it requires great trading early game , good warding mid game , clever thinking and usually just reversing the 4 +1 meta that works with top lane and doing it as the adc . 
  edit : finally , almost forgot . 
  you can solo the dragon really fast as twitch starting around level 12 . 
  i built bf and zeal as fast as possible , finishing off with if and bt depending on the enemy side . 
  if you get bt , get if as 3rd item . 
  else , get lw as third item if the enemy has a tanky composition . 
  depending on your support you may have to rush +10 % lifesteal anyway . 
  think it through before you get the bt ; botrk is a great solution sometimes . 
  as a top laner , it 's best if you think of your game as a 4v4 +1 v1 . 
  top laners generally do n't need to roam unless it 's for dragon . 
  watching streamers is one good way to notice when and why they go down towards the midlane , usually wanting to initiate a big fight . 
  sounds like you guys lacked ap which they countered with a lot of armor . 
  combine that with the fact that you have a rather squishy team composition and you have a recipe for disaster in late game when the bronze/silver mentality of `` 5v5 mid pls '' sets in . 
  as far as your game goes , you did most of it fine . 
  winning a game like this takes experience as well as a ton of game knowledge . 
  your inexperience to assess how the team compositions will fare in late coupled with your inability to force the enemy team into skirmishes in the jungle probably lost you the game . 
  and this goes for all your team . 
  it takes just one guy to realize this and step up to the role of the leader and communicate to the team what must be done , why and what their thinking process is . 
  what you could have personally done better ? 
  nothing . 
  not as the adc . 
  you can only make plays so long as your team provides you cover . 
  sadly , as i mentioned above , your teammates are squishy as fuck and they do n't deal enough damage to set panic in the enemy team .
