  edit 2 : i 've read the synopsis of all the outer limits episodes ( 1995 ) and unless it 's the final appeal episode ( which i highly doubt ) , i have no idea . 
  solved, 
  my god man !, 
  you 're a genius !, 
  it 's amazing how much my mind has altered the final image of this episode !, 
  but this is the one !, 
  thank you !, 
  you 're clearly on mushrooms . 
  no wait that 's teemo . 
  anivia . 
  true story . 
  now is n't that the mother of all references ? 
  it 's not something said and they do n't even explicitly focus on it , it 's just there for the fans to pick up on it . 
  well done there !, 
  guus : `` bosingwa can stop messi '', 
  3 years too early but the bastard did it . 
  he just needed to play as a central defender . 
  how come it 's luck when a very defensive without a single shot on goal 10-man without captain team still manage to get 2 goals against the greatest side in association football while playing away with possibly the biggest pressure ever seen ? 
  david villa was chilling in the backseat . 
  if that does n't make sense i do n't know what does . 
  chelsea capitalized on every barcelona defensive mistake with world class finishing . 
  that 's how chelsea really passed a match fit `` messi included '' barcelona . 
  4/0 as sona today in the first 15 minutes . 
  we went on to lose the match because of fed top . 
  i 'm just hoping drogba gets a one year extension . 
  please ? 
  chelsea under roberto di matteo only loses during special circumstances too . 
  point in case , have you seen chelsea vs newcastle ? 
  joke aside , these 2 matches against barcelona are n't the only time these ` special circumstances ' of yours have been met by chelsea :, 
  - chelsea have a positive head-to-head with barcelona , 3w 5d 2l . 
  - chelsea have not lost to barcelona since february 22nd , 2006 . 
  - chelsea have won to barcelona two times since february 22nd , 2006 . 
  - lionel messi has never scored against chelsea , 8 games . 
  as far as that penalty concerns me , i think that petr cech and the statistics got in messi 's head . 
  not that it matters , where 's the beauty in football if everything is already set in stone ? 
  some in ice . 
  you mistyped trundle . 
  the article says that she was born on the eve of 1851 . 
  the club was formed in 1875 , playing it 's first cricket game in 1880 . 
  `` 13 years old '' just does n't sound right . 
  all in all it was an interesting read . 
  here 's something really interesting . 
  joe hart was a cricket player before he turned to football . 
  just like the club . 
  a bit of a cosmic irony . 
  his name is jaime . 
  do n't listen to him !, 
  this guy 's afraid that his club wo n't get into cl next season . 
  continue to bash tottenham !, 
  my name ai n't toby either , sorry . 
  have faith man , eventually . . 
  they do not . 
  the match will end as 0-0 ( 3-4p ) . 
  he 's serious . . 
  i think . 
  anivia . 
  i had just seen her for the very first time , she was playing against us . 
  i thought it was the most bad-ass champion in league of legends . 
  i remember purchasing her that very day and then proceeded to play a ton of games with my new acquisition . 
  at first she was relentless , she would refuse to obey me and at times even feed the other team just to fuck with me . 
  i just did n't have her respect . 
  then i showed her that together we can win 10 in a row , several times mind you , she was still not sure if i faked the first 30 wins . 
  at some point we just clicked ; i like to think that it was love at first sight but she says it was more like a blossoming relationship . 
  she 's wrong , do n't listen to her . 
  still , i was right then and i 'm right now , it 's the most bad-ass champion in league of legends . 
  `` on my ( motherfucking ) wings . '', 
  anivia . 
  god complex . 
  he resigned from england 's national football team simply because the fa removed john terry as england 's captain . 
  if we get someone new i hope it 's mourinho or him . 
  it 's actually called ` the eternal derby ' . 
  op failed . 
  ` stark is sent down to referee the hertha - dusseldorf match , following tips of matchfixing . 
  during the game , one of the hertha bsc 's players tackles stark 's head which ensues a quick decapitation . 
  the referee 's oldest son rises an army of lower league referees to bring down hertha bsc . 
  he styles himself the king of german referees . 
  somewhere off across the world ( in the premier league ) a manager is sacked . ', 
  - a game of football, 
  the sequel ' a clash of whistles ' has already been announced , following early success of the first installment . 
  i ca n't wait for athene 's unholy grail . 
  it 's realistic because mario gomez scored . 
  lampard 's the fat one . 
  not anymore . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  he 's such a character . 
  i wish ramires could have played in the final . 
  it 's a decent escape and perhaps a hint of luck . 
  the title somehow suggests a little more ( or maybe we 're used to great escapes ) ; and as one comment on youtube suggests , cut your videos shorter , it did not need to be that long . 
  just keep doing what you do . 
  you 'll get it eventually . 
  you 're going places !, 
  maybe it 's just me but i was happy when drogba handed the trophy to roman abramovich . 
  the guy 's been waiting for it for about 8 years . 
  winning the 2011/12 champions league means that we 're automatically in the group stages of 2012/13 . 
  this means that tottenham are now in the group stages of europa league instead of the champions league ( they would have started in the play-off round in the 2012/13 champions league ) . 
  had we not won it , we would have started in the play-off round of europa league via the 2011/12 fa cup title . 
  i personally hope modric moves to us in the summer . 
  i 've seen him play this season and i think he would fit perfectly in our system . 
  i do n't really like hazard . 
  osha and , surprisingly , cersei were hard for me .
