  will the older ones try to play like on ` adult survivor ' ? 
  will a few of them become returnees in a few years when they have become grown ups ? 
  so much potential . 
  survivor is a great social experiment and it 's evolving into something better every season . 
  there will be at least 4 goals . 
  mark my words . 
  i too believe cochran , dawn and sherri are a lock for final three ( based on editing ) with cochran winning it by a vote of 7-1-0 . 
  i think dawn will make the mistake of being too honest with the jury , quite possibly showing guilt and remorse instead of `` this is why i deserve the million dollars '' . 
  sherri has had an impressive start but the fans do n't really like her and the favorites think it should be one of their own . 
  she also has n't done anything post-merge . 
  meanwhile , cochran . 
  he can talk survivor strategy all day long . 
  he may not be the best at executing his own plans but he 's great at coming up with plans and letting others execute it for him . 
  i would n't be surprised if that 's exactly what he 'll talk about at the final tribal council . 
  but wait , there 's more !, 
  he personally made sure none of the members of the three amigos were going to get the advantage for the immunity challenge at the survivor auction . 
  in doing so he , arguably , ousted malcolm . 
  after that , he orchestrated andrea 's blindside whom would have likely been the winner of survivor : caramoan had she gotten to the final three . 
  andrea will most certainly respect his quick thinking and perfect execution of her blindside . 
  he 'll get everyone 's vote except brenda 's . 
  uhm . . you do realize you can say the same for parvati in the original fans vs. 
  favorites . . right ? 
  using entirely your logic , one could say boston rob won redemption island because he played with 18 useless fodder players . 
  are you taking something away from his win and how flawlessly he played because of that ? 
  same goes for kim spradlin . 
  flawless game but she basically played with dim-wits . 
  confirmed for sure . 
  there 's no way rob c. would have been able to simulate that reaction so realistically had he been trolling . 
  you can clearly see the `` oh fuck '' on his face and that he ca n't think of anything smooth to say to hide it . 
  and would make zero sense . 
  he gave everyone the answers they wanted from him . 
  my top 5 so far :, 
  graceless, 
  i need my girl, 
  pink rabbits, 
  slipped, 
  so fucking powerful . 
  pink rabbits and graceless . 
  i do n't believe sandra should be in a top 25 survivors . 
  this . 
  for some reason i 'm yet to get super excited . 
  i want the official statement from chelsea fc !, 
  it will air in about 5 hours and 42 minutes . 
  it is 10:18 pm here ( romania , gmt +3 ) . 
  we are a gmt +2 country but we 're using eest ( eastern european summer time ) at the moment . 
  for the time being we 're gmt +3 . 
  i heard he won the premier league with them many , many times . 
  the way i see it , the hangman answer is saturn , with an emphasis on sa . 
  what does sa stand for ? 
  this is a legitimate question . 
  demons do n't necessarily mean faults . 
  it could mean regret , secret love , unrequited love , it can mean a whole lot more . 
  and look on the bright side , everyone , even demons , will eventually get tired swimming . 
  it 's just a matter of time . 
  just do n't let them come ashore . 
  this quote reminds me of [ demons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n527obkipmc&amp;noredirect=1 ) by the national . 
  14:00 bst . 
  i think . 
  the stream ai n't working , right ? 
  you may have a rough time appreciating half-life as it was released in 1998 . 
  while it was revolutionary at the time , you may find it hard to figure out why it 's considered one of the best video games of all time . 
  it has two expansion packs that are also worth playing . 
  fans like to think of them as canon but valve software have not confirmed or denied anything yet . 
  you will definitely appreciate the half-life series more if you play the first one too but if you do n't find it enjoyable enough , you could jump ahead straight into half-life 2 . 
  half-life 2 was released in 2004 but unlike the original , it wo n't take you long before you figure out why it won 35 game of the year awards and is also considered one of the best video games of all time . 
  right of the bat it will introduce you to a well executed dystopian world that eagerly and unknowingly awaits the return of the one free man . 
  half-life 2 also contains two standalone expansions called half-life 2 : episode one and half-life 2 : episode two . 
  if you enjoy the half-life series , you 'll enjoy it in the first 10 minutes of play . 
  if not , it 's probably not for you . 
  people in this sub-reddit will attempt to sugarcoat it for you . 
  just check it out and feel free to post your opinion about it . 
  if you do enjoy the half-life series , definitely check out portal and portal 2 too as they share the same universe and it gives you more hints about the back-story of the series . 
  have fun !, 
  `` she dreamed of black birds up on the clear blue sky . '', 
  first attempt at writing anything . 
  it 's a novel that i do n't plan on publishing ( my writing skills are very basic ) . 
  i just want to hone my skills and write a story that i personally enjoy . 
  the story 's about a multitude of characters that live in a world where it 's been known for a few decades that the world will end in 30 , 40 years . 
  the story follows the last 7 days of the end . 
  the story begins with the daughter of one of the main characters dreaming of crows . 
  somewhere in here i 'm aware that it 's probably a writer 's mistake to blatantly show that death is coming to everyone right from the beginning . 
  or maybe it 's not . 
  i do n't know . 
  i hope to tell my story through use of point of view narrative , similar to a song of ice and fire series . 
  in my opinion it 's a vastly underused concept in literature and i think it will become way more popular in the near future . 
  i 'm still gathering notes , detailing my characters , building up my world and coming up with twists on my little story . 
  it 's not like a lot can happen in a world where everyone has already set everything in order for the impending end . 
  i was thinking of 3rd person narrative because i want to get inside each characters mind and show how everyone is dealing with the events surrounding them . 
  but i 'll definitely take note of what you said . 
  the time it takes you to complete the games vary considerably , depending on your skills at fps games as well as solving puzzles . 
  i once made a list with how long it took me to finish each game in the half-life series . 
  be aware that most of these were already on the 4th or 5th playthrough . 
  however , i should note that they were not speedruns . 
  i still checked every corner and every crate each and every time . 
  just a gaming habit . 
  half-life : opposing force - 3:10 hours, 
  half-life : blue shift - 1:20 hours, 
  half-life 2 : episode one - 6:20 hours, 
  half-life 2 : episode two - 5:40 hours, 
  half-life 3 - 5 years and 9 months,
