  as a chelsea fan , mad props for this !, 
  upvoted !, 
  your defence is something to worry about . 
  those strikers wo n't keep performing like that forever . 
  my eyes just kept skipping over irrelevant data . 
  for a sellsword , bronn has proven loyal enough . 
  anyone in their right mind would have rejected to champion for tyrion against ser gregor clegane ; [ affc ] ( / s `` and i like to think that he named the bastard tyrion as a cruel jape between bestfriends . 
  bestfriends tend to do that . 
  from bronn 's perspective it 's just a name . 
  which it is , mind you . '' ), 
  lyanna 's apparent kidnapping and brandon stark 's death triggered robert 's rebellion . 
  the rebellion however lasted almost 2 years . 
  r+l = j theory holds if jon was brought into the world at the tower of joy . 
  ned probably realized that the baby was way too young to be brandon stark 's bastard , by atleast a year ; that and the fact that he was too honorable to tarnish the reputation of a dead man , especially of his brother of which he only had praise for . 
  i think florence and the machine - seven devils will be a popular choice from now on . 
  the hound did not in the end kiss sansa but it 's funny that she ` remembers ' it that way , considering it was her ` first ' kiss . 
  he also mentions that he himself died on the trident fighting for rhaegar , if i recall . 
  completely deviating from the books at some point . 
  and , in the books , his ` dark passenger ' is in fact a real entity , not just a metaphor , if i 'm not mistaking ; and there are many and more differences . 
  i 've always found it weird and hard to play through july - december but i can do january - june in one sitting . 
  plan a is to stay up this season and pick up slowly the next season with a promotion by 2015 . 
  plan b is to relegate this season and get back to back promotions by 2015 . 
  i am only bringing in a player if my scouts are recommending him and i only loan players that my assistant tells me i can loan . 
  according to my assistant i am currently unable to loan any gk or st. 
  pretty sure that 's not true if i would do it the ` unrealistic ' way . 
  i am currently praying for a good run in the fa trophy , just qualified for the 2nd round and hoping to weed out some of the wages in the january transfer window to bring in some offensive talent . 
  one guy in particular looked very promising at the start of the season but turned out to be a flop . 
  the guy is currently costing me over 35 % of my total wage budget . 
  yeah , i 've set myself some strict rules . 
  my only concern is to not get sacked by the board in case the club relegates . 
  hopefully a good fa trophy run and our improved club stature will give me another season in charge to prove that i have what it takes to bring success to the club . 
  it 's unlikely that i 'll save the team from relegation but it would make for such a great story if only i actually did it . 
  i have n't gotten to the january transfer window yet , things could take an awesome turn if i could just get my hands on a good goalkeeper and a decent striker and perhaps get a parent club or increased wage budget . 
  0k/year , amateur-side club , won blue square south . 
  i even lost the last 3 games , all that my competition had to do is win their last game by scoring at least 5 goals . 
  they scored 3 and hit the woodwork like a boss in the 87th minute . 
  that was fucking scary . 
  4-4-2 is great against the ai but i 've found out that the strikers rarely play the way they should play in a 4-4-2 system . 
  sometimes i 've even seen amazing misses just because the bastards were greedy instead of passing the ball for a clear cut chance . 
  lampard took it from messi . 
  this but be careful because the form in the pre-season can be continued in the first few league games . 
  barcelona , messi and cristiano ronaldo simply because of the fanboys that rage like the world 's about to end whenever someone says something bad about them . 
  between 700k/year - 100k/year . 
  more or less , this is just an approximation . 
  you should have tried changing to a more direct style of play . 
  possession is nothing if you ca n't break their defense . 
  still , you can learn from the experience and do better in the 2nd leg . 
  john terry ( main priority ) and/or frank lampard ( secondary priority ) from a couple of years ago . 
  heart of the team . 
  we will . 
  it is known . 
  either way we 're fucked . 
  bayern munich with mario gomez scoring at least 1 goal per match for the team in the ucl while playing at home or real madrid coached by jose mourinho , the guy who knows how the club is run inside out and has created a team during his years at chelsea that to this day still stands . 
  either one of them will be a great challenge . 
  one that i am looking forward to . 
  i secretly hope it 's against real madrid because cosmic irony has done us great justice so far ; and yes i am referring to the amazing penalty miss taken by messi , considering he has never scored against chelsea even though he has 63 goals in la liga this season and the fact that they were playing at home and finally how we waited 1 and a half years to see torres score the 50m $ goal in extra time . 
  ktbffh !, 
  ramires 70 ', 
  motm : frank lampard, 
  ramires . 
  the chelsea - wigan game earlier this month was an error in the matrix . 
  mata scored a last second goal to make it 2-1 ; not only that but the way the latics closed the blues game was very well done . 
  this is not some bullshit luck that is happening over in the wigan camp . 
  they really are a lazy bunch of motherfuckers for 2.5 / 3 's of the season . 
  calling it . 
  edit : first time i ever called it and the motherfucker does it . 
  i 'll be shocked if rdm does n't get the full time job even if he does n't win us the champions league . 
  considering the club is going through a period of transition , he 's pretty much gotten the best out of everything and everyone so far . 
  i 'm sorry but if you get the best out of bosingwa and torres you are a god damn genius . 
  ktbffh !, 
  edit : i called it here first , rdm will get the full time job and we 're also going to win the ucl final , the fa cup final and also secure that 4th premier league spot simply because we can . 
  drogba starting . 
  torres sub-in at 65 ' -75 ' either with drogba or mata . 
  we can call for ` rdm full time job ' after every game . 
  eventually he will get it . . maybe . 
  possibly . 
  hopefully . 
  little trivia fact : manchester united have never scored 6 ( or more ) against manchester city in a single game . 
  as a relatively new chelsea fan myself ( 2003/04 ) these are the clubs i consider our rivals ( by order of priority ) :, 
  manchester united ( 2003/04 - present ), 
  liverpool ( 2003/04 - 2008/09 ), 
  arsenal ( 2003/04 - present ), 
  manchester city ( 2008/09 - present ), 
  i 'm aware that chelsea also has rivalries with leeds united , fulham and queen park rangers . 
  i 've considered adding tottenham hotspurs to the list but . . not just yet . 
  there seems to be a rivalry growing but it 's barely 2 seasons or so . 
  edit : apparently i was wrong . 
  this . 
  really . 
  cute . 
  or else . 
  winter is coming . 
  let 's reignite this fucker . 
  we have n't had an important game against liverpool since 2008-09 . 
  ramires has grown so much while at chelsea . 
  i 'd hazard a guess to where he 's going next season but fuck it . 
  hmm . . 
  i never thought of that but you sir just gave me hope . 
  you could be right . 
  edit : holy shit you could be completely right , i 've just watched the intro to the show on youtube and i definitely remember seeing it long ago on tv .
