  nu ma bag in politica , nu ma intereseaza . 
  [ op will surely deliver !, 
  ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/159/326/op_will_surely_deliver_re_weird_video_game_facts_part_7-s500x375-138152.jpg ), 
  you 'd think that by now people would have the ability to come up with quotes out of their ass . 
  penalties do n't count silly . 
  edit : eating my own words up . 
  apparently they do . 
  maybe i 'm the one confused , it seems that even http://www.premierleague.com thinks hazard got 2 assists ( stats not updated for this match yet ) . 
  edit : `` after goals scored on penalty or by a directly converted free-kick the fouled player received a point . '', 
  der kaiser is not in football manager 2012 . 
  so no , he ca n't have him on favoured personnel . 
  but we can all pretend it 's his grandson . 
  now if he could only get him and and employ him in a sweeper role for the rest of his career we could see a revival of this underrated role . 
  assuming you have n't seen the transfers chelsea have been doing for the past 3 years , that still leaves malouda . 
  transfered to chelsea in 2007 . 
  how on earth is he on your recent transfers list ? 
  the way your words built up until the end threw me away ; that and malouda . 
  no , but it also does n't mean they ca n't announce it any other month of the year . 
  what about 3 games ? 
  literally ? 
  this is that one game i called ` torres hattrick ' upon . 
  luck but mostly paddy kenny . 
  i 'd upvote the shit out of an ama by the pope . 
  i 'd love to see his answers . 
  whatever anyone in a leadership position says , it becomes policy . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to delete your reddit account . 
  you will surely deliver . 
  right ? 
  you just ca n't tell your players they 're performing well when their h/t form is below 6.6 - just no . 
  especially since you 're playing at home . 
  `` you have been unlucky so far . '', 
  or `` there 's no pressure on you ! '', 
  would have worked much better . 
  retrain him as aml winger . 
  ask him to get forward whenever possible . 
  afterwards ask him to hit early crosses and after he learns to do that , ask him to place his shots whenever he can . 
  give him special training composing of . . composure ( primary focus ) , quickness ( secondary focus ) and dribbling . 
  also consider making him the primary ( left ) corner taker as well as the primary ( left ) free kick taker . 
  grow a man out of this little boy , he 's going to be worth a lot of money in the upcoming seasons . 
  give him a lot of first-team experience . 
  if you do n't play with attacking midfielders then your best bet is mr winger ( note that i said aml winger before due to his ability to become used to either foot as well as the fact that he could place shots with his right foot after training as such ) . 
  in this case , instead of asking him to get forward/place his shots , etc. , ask him simply to run down the right flank . 
  when he 's older you may as well ask him to run down the left flank too just in case you ever feel you need to change to a defensive 4-1-2-2-1 or an aggressive 4-2-3-1 . 
  his training should still focus on composure , quickness and dribbling but dribbling should be considered a secondary focus while quickness becomes a tertiary one . 
  you 've done so well , in fact , that i 've received some interesting offers for your services . 
  number 16 , pilkington , central midfielder performs 3 very powerful longshots from about 25 maybe 30 yards , all in under 28 seconds . 
  all his longshots hit the woodwork . 
  ronaldinho and cgi have nothing on this guy . 
  in total we had 4 woodwork hits , all very powerful longshots , the 4th was from dodds , amr , not seen in the video , later in the game . 
  we won it 1-0 after yet another powerful longshot by my target man , reid . 
  i play a control/direct 4-2-3-1 with a ton of longshots . 
  this is what resulted . 
  three times , same person . 
  the moment i saw that 2nd woodwork i knew there was a 3rd one coming ; and boy it did . 
  i jumped out of my seat . 
  i was stunned . 
  probably my best highlight in cm/fm history . 
  i was n't really mad , i have complete faith in my players . 
  we 're not really dominating the league on goals but we have n't conceded in 326 minutes , we 're on the number one spot with one point to spare . 
  we probably should have more goals but my main striker was injured for about 5 weeks , i just brought in this guy , reid , he 's performing well so far . 
  we 're a blue square premier team . 
  as such his stats are n't really that amazing . 
  my attacking midfielders have much better long shots by comparison . 
  your requested stats : long shots 9 , technique 10 , decisions 7 , composure 8 . 
  edit : fairly sure my tactic as well as the opponent 's tactic has a lot to do with my team 's decision to hit a fair amount of long shots . 
  i 'll explain in just a second . 
  edit 2 : i played with direct , into space , passes with focus on the flanks ( as it can be seen at the beginning of the video with the cross on the left flank by my gk to my target man ) . 
  the opponent played a deep narrow defensive game ( as it can be seen throughout the video ) . 
  due to the opponent tactic , my players were forced to play with short passes . 
  but that further resulted into that they now were n't able to pass into space or play through the flanks . 
  that and well my left and right attacking midfielders all have attacking roles and as such whenever we 're in possession and they 're not at the ball they kinda stop being wingers and try to scare the living shit out of the defense . 
  it pretty much resulted in a ton of long shots by my team ; 5 to be exact , 4 woodworks and a goal . 
  what manchester city did with adebayor is called ` loaning ' . 
  he was still manchester city 's player , but he was playing for tottenham as long as spurs paid for some of his wages . 
  they did buy him a season later , probably because adebayor knew he would n't get regular playing time at city but he would be an important member for tottenham . 
  you could try loaning your player on a full season for a portion of his wages . 
  he may reconsider going there full-time just like adebayor did . 
  also , you should try keeping your players on as small wages as possible because you certainly do n't want to hit walls like this one . 
  solved !, 
  -- din fr . 
  ` sporting ' lisbon got their name after their captain refused to take an incorrectly awarded penalty kick . 
  i will always remember his 90th minute goal against benfica in the 2nd leg . 
  that strike came completely out of the blue . 
  pun not intended . 
  he could 've kept running with the ball and pass it sideways to a teammate in the 6 yards box but instead he chose to strike it from outside the inside area despite going at it only against the goalkeeper . 
  he was probably the only one expecting it to hit the net , i myself was like `` why the fuck would you do that ? 
  '' ; and boy it did hit the net !, 
  edit : buy yeah , he was pretty mediocre at times and as such mostly used as late-game substitute to guarantee a contained game . 
  i 'm assuming rdm either wants to give ramires his old role back ? 
  i see you 're getting a lot of upvotes but i somewhat disagree . 
  he was at best mediocre , he had a couple of really great games in the champions league where we played really defensively , so he shined . 
  but now that we won the champions league , at least from what my perspective , it seems that we 're trying to play a free-flowing , attacking football . 
  my bet 's on reverting to 4-3-3 in the coming months . 
  i totally just motherfucking realized that oscar is wearing didier 's number . 
  so much pressure on the guy . 
  but i root dearly for him to succeed . 
  shut your whore mouth !, 
  that movie is gold . 
  i do n't care if it 's by mistake or intended but it 's fucking gold . 
  malouda only really ever shined when didier was playing as well , they had a great partnership ever since they were at guingamp ; this past season he 's been largely invisible .
