  he tried the only thing he could still do . 
  this was it . 
  his final play . 
  or rather would have been first play after they had eliminated the three amigos . 
  get andrea out . 
  the one player that is above him in the alliance pole . 
  phillip may have trouble forming decent first impressions on people but once he really gets to know people he 's a great judge of character . 
  of course , his position at the tribal council meant he could only whisper to brenda ; and brenda is playing such an under the radar game that she just did n't care if either phillip or andrea went out . 
  so when phillip whispered ` andrea ' to her , she just went with it to show phillip some sense of loyalty . 
  after all , if she gets to the final three , she 's going to need his vote . 
  in the end , she went with the original plan in voting off eddie to also maintain loyalty within the alliance . 
  and perhaps why everyone else also went for eddie or malcolm too . 
  well . . except erik . 
  more on this later . 
  meanwhile , sherri . 
  she was not thrown under the bus because she 's a guaranteed ` will-lose ' at the final three . 
  she played a good pre-merge game but did n't form any bond with any of the remaining fans , she 's weak in challenges and most of all , she has a bitch face . 
  sorry , sandra bullock , but you 're just not the stuff of winners . 
  another key factor in all of this is that the favorites are very likely to vote for one of their own at the final three . 
  cochran looks by far the player to beat at the moment ; on camera he does n't seem to be at the top of the alliance pole but in the previous episode when andrea found out she was being targeted by malcolm , cochran was the first one she sought council from . 
  cochran has dawn in his pocket . 
  dawn has brenda ( whether she realizes it or not ) . 
  finally , erik . 
  he 's a wildcard and i 'd love to pick his brains out about voting off phillip when everyone else went with the original plan . 
  everyone will know he 's the one who voted for phillip because of the way he wrote his vote . 
  the next episode will most likely show the fallout following the tribal council and the cracks that formed within the andrea-phillip alliance ( now known as andrea-cochran alliance ) . 
  the promo for the next episode shows sherri being talked to by the three amigos . 
  they mention erik . 
  this is not only the smart thing to do by malcolm and co. but possibly the smart thing to do by sherri and erik too . 
  sherri may feel the need to make a big play . 
  she has a spot in the final three until somebody decides to use her as a fail-safe . 
  erik could have fucked up his vote and now is on the bottom of the alliance pole . 
  : it 's amazing how this one tribal council has generated so much discussion . 
  people are coming up with all sorts of theories and interesting point of views . 
  i myself simply love it . 
  this is why i reddit . 
  well done community . 
  ser pounce ( kitten ) has adopted tommen baratheon ( child ) . 
  ftfy . 
  am i seriously the only one who does n't watch survivor for the bodacious babes ? 
  there are a few exceptions of course , like parvati for example , but they 're exceptions because they came into the game with more than just their redunkulous bodies . 
  they have great personalities , good strategies to go further into the game and they came into into it with way more than that silly flirting card . 
  which mind you , while being a powerful early-days card , it 's boring as fuck to watch , causes a shit ton of unnecessary drama and overall , it wo n't get the babe very far . 
  known information : next episode the three amigos try to bring sherri and erik in . 
  speculation : while tempting , sherri will decide against it , not wanting to piss off future jury members . 
  she seems unaware that everyone thinks of her as a 3rd wheel in the final three . 
  erik may be swayed over by malcolm and co. considering he fucked up his vote . 
  reynold ( s ) wins immunity . 
  malcolm finds another hidden immunity idol . 
  members of `` stealth r. us 2.0 '' will consider splitting the votes 3-3 for eddie and malcolm but fearing that erik will [ come over to the dark side ] they will ultimately abandon this plan . 
  after , they will decide against sending their votes towards eddie , also fearing that malcolm will get a whiff of what 's to come and take a page out of russell hantz 's playbook , making a grandiose last stand and save eddie with the hidden immunity idol , going all in or going home three days early . 
  prediction : erik will go home . 
  he fucked up his vote in this last episode , he 's at the bottom of `` stealth r. us 2.0 '' alliance pole , he does n't have a wing-man alliance and he is considered a wildcard by cochran . 
  from what i can tell of cochran , he 's the kind of guy who would rather have predictable enemies than threats he can not properly size up . 
  final note : after all that being said , i think the three amigos wo n't last much longer . 
  they 're currently under the sparse protection of the immunity necklace and perhaps another hidden immunity idol but their luck wo n't last forever and when the immunity challenge wo n't be all physical their work will have gone to waste . 
  to be honest , i think your no . 
  2 is the most likeliest to happen but i 'm one of those who keep hoping even when all seems lost . 
  i 'm a huge cochran fan and i 'm quite confident he 's the winner of survivor : caramoan but i want malcolm to pull through for as long as possible simply because right now he 's the catalyst that makes this season more entertaining . 
  hopefully , after malcolm is out , a new player will try to shift things around . 
  i 'm enjoying it . 
  it 's the little things . 
  you 're failing to acknowledge that maybe cochran did know it was n't a `` monty hall '' and that maybe he knows enough of the other players that they would n't know the difference . 
  maybe , just maybe , he did it to reassert his intelligence over everyone else . 
  source : i do stuff like this irl too . 
  it 's very subtle and it pays off tremendously in its own small way . 
  one world . 
  day 1 . 
  all girls alliance . 
  cook islands , episode 2 . 
  will never forget . 
  just because he had the ability to ensure he 's not going home , does n't mean it was a viable option . 
  in your scenario he gains three more days on the island but :, 
  - loses reynold ( s ) 's friendship . 
  - loses eddie 's friendship . 
  - besmirches his honor and integrity with the remaining players . 
  - wo n't gain a single jury vote in any hypothetical final three . 
  - will be known for betraying his own alliance in future seasons . 
  in my opinion this would have been a terrible play ; even if it would have bought him three more days . 
  he received a vote at the tribal ? 
  i missed it . 
  i came into this season thinking i 'm going to hate andrea , she was n't that great in redemption island . 
  then i watched the first few episodes of caramoan . 
  that 's when i realized she was completely shadowed by boston rob in her initial season . 
  this season however , she showed her fangs and played a tremendous game . 
  finally , dat conversation . 
  that was such a memorable conversation . 
  the way eddie shifts his trust into her the moment she asks `` can you just trust me ? '', 
  was a particular highlight for me . 
  i think she played an almost flawless game . 
  too bad everyone else is also playing an almost flawless game . 
  what are you talking about man ? 
  they clearly vote after they give the winner the million dollars . 
  i would love to see a survivor season with kids aged 10 through 16 . 
  it wo n't ever happen but hypothetically speaking it would be interesting to see how different the dynamics of the game are compared to the survivor as it is now . 
  i wonder if verbal bullying would come up after the first couple of physical challenges where the physically weak will surely fail . 
  if so , will all of them prey on the weakest under the `` as long as it 's not me '' mentality ? 
  will they form alliances based on how well they click with each other ? 
  how would the younger ones react to lying and deceit ? 
  will the very young ones get weeded out right away ?
