  but during those decades , football got ingrained in our blood . 
  we become very proud of what we achieved in the eyes of foreigners . 
  and so it was that in 1986 , 3 years before communism fell , steaua bucuresti won the european cup by defeating barcelona on penalties and 3 months later the super cup against dinamo kiev . 
  later on , 8 years on to be specific , we became known for overachieving in the 94 ' world cup . 
  we finished in the quarterfinals beating argentina in the process and losing to sweden on penalties after an intense 2-2 . 
  gheorghe hagi , among others , became legends . 
  sadly , by 2000 the ` romanian golden era ' had all but gone extinct and there were only traces left of that that was . 
  hence why most of us rooted for adrian mutu to make it big . 
  too bad his career was riddled with mistakes . 
  so that 's my story even though i have n't exactly answered why i stayed a chelsea fan . 
  do with it as you please . 
  this is commonly known as an unintended ` bug ' . 
  it 's not really a bug but it 's been reported as an unfair advantage because the ai is not programmed to defend the near post . 
  you do n't even need +15 corner and curl ball ppm , just set your ml to take the right corners and set your mr to take the left corner , it will curl 3 out of 5 times . 
  [ serious ] why does everyone keep saying it 's not a red . 
  i must be blind or something because i 'm seeing cr placing his knuckles to the other guy 's head and then exerting force downwards to make the knuckles bruise his face hard . 
  by the number of downvotes i 'm getting i would say not a lot of people have experienced that kind of claw . 
  i have and it hurts like hell especially if it 's pulled off . 
  it seems like cr was n't able to pull it off completely but the intent is still there . 
  i guess you ca n't ask questions around here when it comes to favorite players . 
  on the other hand , if this was joey barton , everyone would have been preaching ` that 's a fucking red card and an 8 game suspension . 
  that kind of attitude should n't happen on or off the pitch . ', 
  i ai n't even mad , i 'm impressed . 
  i thought the / r/soccer mentality of downvoting anything that you do n't agree with was a big exaggeration . 
  i guess they assume i 'm a closet-barcelona fan . 
  it 's too hard to take a glance at my flair . 
  this is a fucking disgrace , you really ca n't have a honest discussion around here . 
  adaptability has to do with foreign countries as well as going to a new new club or a new role at the current club . 
  it deals with how quickly he can provide solid advice at his full potential . 
  in my personal experience i 've come to understand that a staff member with 10 adaptability will take roughly 6 months before he becomes solid . 
  it 's not really an amazing attribute to have for your staff but when it comes to manager roles , as chairman , you 're going to want your main man to adapt at your club asap . 
  oh so now you agree it 's a deserved red card . 
  is his name mike by any chance ? 
  have you found anyone to help you out yet ? 
  i have the entire day to myself due to a health issue and i would love to spend it on my fm save while simultaneously helping someone out in need . 
  * it sounds like your defenders are lacking in the marking department or you did n't set them to mark tall players when defending corners . 
  * it also sounds like you 're not making full use of your central defenders . 
  check their attributes and make sure their heading/marking/anticipation / positioning are +15 . 
  +12 in composure/concentration/decisions also helps . 
  maybe play with a deep line and let the opposing strikers take a lot of long shots . 
  * the amount of goals you 're scoring ( and conceding ) is entirely up to how you 've designed your formation and tactic . 
  but as a general rule of thumb have 2 poachers up front so they can play beautiful through balls to one another if you want loads of goals . 
  i added you as a contact . 
  feel free to send your questions any time you want . 
  i was in my 3rd season with chelsea in the cl . 
  this was all the way back in cm03/04 , about 10 years ago , and i clearly remember owning a very good bayern munchen squad , 2-1 at home , to proceed through the groups as first placed . 
  not seconds after the match is over and power goes out . 
  i played that match for over 20 times after that before i gave up . 
  every damn time , michael ballack would provide an amazing assist or score a goal himself . 
  what a load of crap that was . 
  i ended up buying him the next season . 
  he went on to be a legend . 
  same game , different save , playing as dag & red in blue square premier , up against chelsea away in the fa cup . 
  we grab 2 goals in the first half . 
  i expected an amazing comeback from chelsea in the second half but it never came . 
  after the match was over , i was so excited that i wanted to save right away . . and i clicked to load last save instead of save last save . 
  fml . 
  in recent years though , it seems to me that si have taken steps to calculate the outcome of a match , to a certain extent , before you even play said match -- as long as you do n't modify anything . 
  load the game over and over again and do n't change anything and you will notice the match on this load and the match on the next load are very similar in nature -- same amount of injuries ( albeit different players ) , very similar score , etc. 
  * set your full-backs to defend instead of automatic ( it means that they will not attempt any deep runs and will cross the ball rarely ) . 
  i for one find the automatic role sketchy because the role changes depending on what kind of mentality you set your team to . 
  * it seems that zaha and van persie in particular have been underperforming in your current system . 
  you really need to get more out of your players . 
  you 're trying to simulate moyesey , are n't you ? 
  for a club like manchester united , your players should have an avg . 
  rating of 7.0 + . 
  * you should toy around with different mentality for your wingers . 
  maybe put them on a support mentality ( it means they wo n't attempt to get in the final third , they 'll still do deep runs , cross the ball and attempt long-shots when they 're on the ball ) . 
  * put your gk in a sweeper goalkeeper role with support mentality . 
  he should be able to get to most deep and long crosses that the opposing team are playing past your last line of defense . 
  * i like your 4-4-2 diamond best . 
  but you need to find a way to get the best out of van persie . 
  he 's massively under-performing for you . 
  i think that the 2-3 ( wb/dm ) -1 -3 ( amc ) -1 is a very good tactic for man utd with all 3 attacking midfielders searching to play through balls for your striker . 
  you ca n't see if he 's doing a solid job but you 're going to notice that after a certain while he will ( for example ) offer you more and better advice during the match -- they will have better opposition instructions . 
  mind games . 
  jesus christ people , unpause was * 2 weeks ago * . 
  this makes more sense now . 
  i should probably go to sleep . . 
  the arsenal horse is a female . 
  all 4 of our defenders are currently locked down for the foreseable future . 
  if i had to choose just 2 of them i would probably choose terry and ivanovic . 
  they have missed very few games this season . 
  ** excitement intensifies **, 
  manchester city drew with norwich . 
  we are top of the table , gentlemen !, 
  are you really that jealous of a 10 year old ? 
  grow up . 
  / r/soccerbetting, 
   moderators, 
  mrrdrr, 
  youknowmefromsomewhe, 
  molni, 
  [ the more you know . 
  exactly this . 
  on top of that , he needs to pick up champions that carry games , in roles with great roaming potential . 
  champions that snowball the game with the amount of kills they get . 
  cho ` gath is a support champion ; he does n't need kills . 
  all that 's required of a cho ` gath is to stun and silence . 
  his ultimate has the same level of effectiveness regardless of how fed you are .
