  personally , this thread makes me want to jump into a few ranked games right away and try to get closer to the goal i have set for myself for this month . 
  edit : in fact , i 'll start working on an excel chart right now and start filling it with stats for a month just to fuck with you ; and worse , i 'll post it on reddit at the end of the month . 
  i 'm thinking : elo , champion , win/loss , date , creep score , game time , notes , kills , deaths and assists . 
  i will record the first blood and all that additional stuff in notes . 
  i already have a chart for normal games which i 'm cleaning for elo uses starting tomorrow : http://oi46.tinypic.com/r01mhu.jpg, 
  just kidding . 
  this will probably get buried because it 's very unbelievable . 
  one of the girls in my class was asked to go to the blackboard and write some vectors . 
  when asked to write pw she stared at the class for a moment completely silent then went on to write on the blackboard pj instead of pw . 
  when confronted by the teacher , she said she does n't know how to write w because she 's never used it . 
  the whole situation went on for a while longer during which we also found out she does n't know how to write q and y. 
  mind you , i was in the 11th grade at the time . 
  she dropped out of school a year later , got married and from what i 've heard , she 's currently working at a flower shop . 
  there 's also talks of a possible baby but that may just be my friends joking about the whole situation whenever we tell the story . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euclidean_vector, 
  : there are no words in our language with q , y or w. which might explain some of her confusion but she 's never even seen them !, 
  maybe i 'm a blind motherfucker but where 's anivia ? 
  exactly my point ; and he wo n't believe me . 
  and he 's asked all of his other friends and all are saying ` by ' . 
  one in particular called me an `` international nub '' for my apparent failing . 
  i will not stop until this madness is abolished !, 
  edit : it 's the title of a chapter he 's trying to translate from our native language into english . 
  who in their right mind would limit their film collection to just three directors ? 
  exactly this . 
  what 's somewhat eerie is that the most upvoted comment in here makes references to fox ( the network ) while the main character in back to the future is played by michael j. 
  fox . 
  i find it just a little bit weird . 
  scientology , get it ? 
  science + technology ? 
  modern religion and all that . . fuck it , i 'll show myself out . 
  this . 
  i think the film presents enough evidence to reach the conclusion that he 's just mentally ill . 
  if i recall , the only unresolved issue was the disappearance of the one he picked to ` go home ' with him . 
  then again , the novels the movie is based on do not hide the fact that he was , in the end , an alien . 
  that 's because almost everyone on r/movies have good taste . 
  16 hours later edit : let me clarify , this is sarcasm . 
  god damn it people . 
  i have n't seen it in years and i may be making things up but did n't the cops find a lot of astronomy books in his home when they first arrived at the crime scene at his house ? 
  again , i may be making things up , i 've seen this movie so so long ago . 
  i remember thinking half-way through the movie ` thank god this is n't another `` ha i proved you all , i am what i say i am ! '', 
  movie , a thought that persists to this day . 
  i think the scene that really made me think he was not an alien was when he `` disappeared '' only to be found a day or two later in a tree . 
  i think his mind created a ton of cliques that he actually believed . 
  for example :, 
  - what 's the best clique that you could pretend to become an alien if you do n't really have an ufo to arrive on earth with ? 
  through the airport . 
  you also tend to take on the physical form of a human that is currently alive on that planet because apparently you look different on each planet . 
  sadly , neil armstrong only went on the moon , so we ca n't really disprove this theory unless we have a certain degree of common sense . 
  - what could your name be if your real alien name wold be unintelligible in an ` earthy ' language ? 
  the fact that the guy 's name is ` robert porter ' does n't help a lot with his alien theory . 
  - when he apparently proves that he can travel at light-speed , i remember him traveling to spain , saying ` hola ' , and then to japan , saying ` konichiwa ' , but from a human eye he does n't flinch or move at all , which apparently baffles the scientists . 
  that does n't make sense !, 
  what , did he move at light-speed back and forth to say ` hola ' and ` konichiwa ' both in spain/japan and at the scientists at the astronomy center ? 
  - oh right , also , on k-pax you do n't have a family . 
  i wonder why ( le epic sarcasm ) . 
  - more so , the ` alien ' is afraid of water . 
  obviously not because robert porter tried to drown himself before he became prot . 
  as a side note , and i may going on a whim here , pure-shit-bat-crazy my own theory , is n't it interesting how the name of his home planet is written in capitals ( k-pax ) but all the names there ( just him really ) are written in lower case ( prot ) . 
  because ` they ' consider themselves insignificant . 
  i think he considers himself insignificant now that he does n't have a family anymore and the only significant thing to him is his home . 
  perhaps we could set up a novel account that takes in suggestions and at the end of the week makes a post with the 7 most suggested films giving out a very brief synopsis , genre , year it was made , actors , director , rotten tomatoes/imdb/else score , etc. 
  rules would include not repeating the same movie twice ever ( we could set up a secondary post that we edit every week with links to all ` post of the week ' ) or something along those lines . 
  . . and while we 're on the subject , we could maybe also have another novel account where each day we discuss one of the movies suggested . 
  alone . 
  thanks dentistry . 
  yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  tell my parents how i feel about my current self . 
  should 've started a karma-train . 
  i feel like a brick just hit me when i realized that malouda is still playing for chelsea . 
  for some weird reason i had it ingrained in my mind that he was a sure sell after his performance this season . 
  what 's a punchline ? 
  username : kymyk ( same username i had on rs 6-7 years ago . ), 
  number : 51, 
  reason : the wilderness . 
  good times . 
  waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaalt !, 
  91 goals in 243 appearances , ratio of 0.374 / game , how is that bad ? 
  he was 17 when you signed him , obviously in his 2 first seasons he scored way less than an average top player would score . 
  without counting his first 2 seasons , he 's scored 83 goals in 200 appearances , ratio of 0.415 / game . 
  that 's not perfect but it 's far from disappointing . 
  i just found out about this sub-reddit , it did n't even hit me that others would ask the same thing as me . 
  i am really sorry . 
  ooooooh , right !, 
  but ` whom ' ? 
  sure that 's safe ? 
  last time i played i remember trying to avoid 0.5 . 
  i 'm just saying , first day and all ; and what is test ? 
  i already got sent an invitation . 
  thanks . 
  why is this on / r/atheism and not on / r/lgbt ? 
  it 's a serious question by the way . 
  [ nemo , where the fuck have you been ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gl8385kdygu ), 
  final and only update : been playing 13 hours straight , finished all the tutorial missions and tomorrow when i wake up i will have my catalyst ready to fly and begin the eve sisters epic arc . 
  i have decided to keep my options open for a couple of days and not join any corporation or run straight into nulsec . 
  sitting at a comfortable 7.4 m isk already , seems like i 'm best suited for the marketing department where i 've already done some pretty good deals . 
  take your pick . 
  you look for players with higher than average ( in that league ) attributes in the particular role you want a player to play in your plans . 
  there are a ton of in-depth guides on how every attribute affects a player . 
  i knew this comment would be here .
