made an account just for this : do n't teach him/her the creationist way . 
  like . . 
  seriously . 
  they are actually going to belive we have gears now . 
  god dammit . 
  half-life series are a must for any pc gamer , albeit it can be played on the ps2/ps3 just as fine . 
  with it 's compelling story and it 's ground-breaking way of telling such story , it makes up for one of the best series of all time . 
  is it worth playing half-life 1 and it 's expansions ? 
  short answer : yes . 
  long answer : much of half-life 2 's background is set on the events that transpired in half-life . 
  you are also getting a nice introduction to how the story is being told in this series . 
  basically you become the protagonist , gordon freeman . 
  just your average mit scientist hired as a level 3 associate to the black mesa research facility . 
  you 're going to love this series . 
  there are probably not enough words to describe it , you should really start from the beginning . 
  albeit , you 're probably not going to regret not doing it but if you do do it , you 're going to love it . 
  one more thing , portal and portal 2 are connected to the half-life universe and should be played as well . 
  ( best played after half-life 2 : episode two ) . 
  [ spoiler ] ( / s `` did n't sansa also met the same tomcat ( i remember it was described as a tomcat with a chewed ear ) in acok while running to the godswood for the first time after she got the mysterious note ? '' ), 
  pretty much all all the targaryen house leaders except maegor , jaehaerys and daeron . 
  do n't throw stones at me but i also think arya stark is perfect . 
  chett does n't die in the prologue of a storm of swords . 
  he dies during the retreat to the wall right after the battle of the fist of the first men , which only begins at the end of the prologue . 
  thank you . 
  everyone that have not read the books will disagree with this . 
  everyone that have read the books will agree with this . 
  a song of ice and fire is fantasy . 
  the way i see it is that the world is truly and utterly flat . 
  one can only wonder why not a single targaryen king ever flew a dragon around the world . 
  not to mention that it seems , at least in part , that some of the gods the people pray to do have power . 
  among other things , the days and the nights seem to have the same length through the year . 
  on the other side of the coin , as in our world , their world has four seasons , albeit summer and winter are the most predominant ones , lasting for a decade and spring and autumn are transitional seasons lasting for 2 or 3 years . 
  there are probably more strange facts about the world in a song of ice and fire that differs from our world but i 'm too tired at the moment to think . 
  i saw the dragons hatch from a mile away . 
  every year we begin the same way , with a few facts about the universe and the solar system and then a general look on earth . 
  every year my geography teacher tells us the solar system has 9 planets and that the world population is 6.3 billion people . 
  every year i argue with her to no end , she refuses to acknowledge that maybe i 'm right . 
  for those that do n't know , the solar system has 8 planets and earth 's population is estimated at around 6.3 billion people and will be 7 billion late this year or early next year . 
  it 's so accurate that in 2008 everton fc signed an agreement with si games to use the game 's database . 
  could you give us details about your gaming history ? 
  since you 're fond of fps games i would recommend that you play the half-life series on the pc . 
  there are plenty of pc games out there , my foremost suggestion would be to take your time and enjoy each one of them at a time : half-life series , starcraft series , diablo ii : lord of destruction , grand theft auto iii and san andreas , warcraft iii and it 's expansion , prince of persia series , call of duty : modern warfare series , portal series ( ties with half-life series ) , s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  series , fallout 3 , sins of a solar empire , batman : arkham asylum , borderlands , trine , fifa 12 , mafia ii , sid meier 's civlization v , need for speed : hot pursuit , braid , hitman series , the elder scrolls iv and v , rage , football manager 2012 and so many more games await you out there . 
  edit : i wrote the list with old games in mind and as i went on i put modern games in as well , just in case you decide to be reborn a gamer again . 
  mark the space !, 
  try negociating contracts with players that have been at the club for a few seasons and try to chip off of their exorbitant wages . 
  it 's not much but you can probably get a few hundred euro 's off of your back . 
  also try loaning your youth and reserves , 50-100 % wage paid by the loaning club . 
  . . and if you have the budget try working it out to support your wages . 
  your main concern should be the team 's morale and overall player happiness . 
  common mistake : using mutual termination for your entire reserve team . 
  at least we have maps . 
  yoan gouffran must be feeling pretty shitty right now . 
  the game is all that more exciting for me when my `` way-better-than-my-other-strikers '' striker is injured and set-back for a few months . 
  it 's all about making the best with what you 've got for me . 
  i take it you have really shitty strikers . 
  the op changed `` god '' with `` time '' , this is not the original post . 
  he 's probably trying to show us that we 're just as faithful as people who believe in god . 
  there are 2 main problems with his theory however : for one , there are more than 9 senses , not 5 as the above modified conversation states ; and second , i 've had a lifetime of observation that time exists . 
  simply put , if time did n't exist , everything would happen at once . 
  spoiler : it does n't . 
  he 's so setting up himself to die on october 21 , 2011 . . and if not , there 's always 6 more months . 
  what is a kilometer ? 
  just because you ca n't see , hear , taste , smell or touch a kilometer does n't mean it wo n't take you ~ 12 minutes to walk it ; minutes . . as in . . time . 
  god i 'm funny . 
  by the way do you tend to make a habit out of repeating questions or are you brain damaged ? 
  it was a ploy to make you construct a non-troll reply , rendering your account useless . 
  which i did . 
  i consider i won major internets today . 
  i myself love being a loner . 
  it adds to the atmosphere of the game . 
  back in vanilla soc i used to love coming back `` home '' every evening and chill with the guys . 
  loved the campfire atmosphere . 
  me coming to the campfire each evening or finding a safe haven was something completely unscripted and i loved every second of it . 
  my thoughts and hopes for stalker 2 ? 
  not that anyone cares to hear and i do n't have any hopes of this happening but i 'd love if the game was an mmo and the world would be one huge-area ( world of warcraft scale ? 
  breakfast eggs . 
  ca n't stand them unless they are really hot . 
  you mean there 's not anything people can do with just a name . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  cristiano ronaldo . 
  in my math class i have a girl who does n't know how q and w look like . 
  seriously . 
  edit : i remember she was making y 's and x 's instead . 
  i was very surprised when i found out she 's from my own country . 
  i live in a country where 98 % the people are religious . 
  half-life series :, 
  just to name a few . . 
  you could have just linked http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wegwqbww1ck&amp;wadsworth=1, 
  i doubt anyone finds this weird , as i 've had people share a similar story with me , but in my head i 've been using english -- instead of my native language -- ever since i could remember . 
  what i do find weird is that i 've learned english solely by being bombarded with information from the internet . 
  one could say i was raised by the internet . 
  ca n't remember that many but i remember lucio cm03/04 from bayern leverkusen . 
  he 's at inter milano as of 2011 and not super crap but holy shit he was op in cm03/04 . 
  as far as people from my country go , in cm03/04 adrian mutu was the most expensive player in the world and razvan rat was amazing . 
  they both have had shitty careers irl . 
  i never buy super-expensive players , the most i ever spent on a single player was like 13 million and it was the best gk regen in the world , somewhere in the early 20 's . 
  i tend to buy cheap youngsters , grow them , promote them to main team or sell them and make a quick buck to spend a few more millions on another underrated player . 
  it 's all in the tactics ladies and gentlemen . 
  mr. freeman , rise and shine .
