  fun fact : out of all of our strikers , he has the best goals/minute ratio . 
  it 's something like 148 minutes . 
  not to be the party pooper but the big bang theory has been getting back-to-back renewals for 3 more seasons . 
  i know it ai n't hbo but you 're talking about networks in general so . . 
  i 'm . . uh . . technically correct . . 
  i do n't think people quite understand where vincent tan is coming from with all these changes . 
  i do n't think he 's this evil figure that everyone 's trying to make him out to be , he just does n't know any better . 
  now , before i 'm showered with downvotes , let me elaborate a little bit on that . 
  asia , at a business level , gives a lot more shit about europe than the other way around ; and i think vincent tan does n't realize that . 
  i think he thinks europeans , and particularly cardiff city fans , know enough about asia and chinese symbolism that they will eventually grow to love the changes that he 's bringing to the club . 
  you see , in chinese symbolism , blue represents peace , calmness , relaxation , perhaps stale ; something that he 's trying hard to change about cardiff city . 
  red on the other hand represents fire , enthusiasm , expansion , recognition . . power . 
  the way i see it ? 
  i think he 's really trying to make cardiff city a better club , the only way he knows how . 
  i think that maybe , if given time , he 'll eventually come to better terms with the fans . 
  hopefully he 's gotten a little better at grasping tradition , football and european life in general . 
  or perhaps he wanted to let the fans know that was going to get involved in the daily ins and outs of the club and that was the most visible way to let the fans know . 
  get in you beauty !!!!!!!!!!!, 
  liverpool official site uploaded it themselves . 
  i would think most people assumed theon and davos died at the end of acok . 
  mi se pare umpic nechibzuita opinia ta , that 's all . 
  we 're a malnourished little pony that , realistically speaking , should have been fighting to make it out of mid table obscurity . 
  but somehow we 're 2nd , racing with the likes of liverpool and manchester city . 
  a true underdog narrative . 
  really ? 
  did last week 's sunderland not prove anything to you ? 
  i 've never seen jose lie in an interview ; he might bend the truth every once in a while but that 's about it . 
  ** edit : ** oh wow , i 'm getting downvoted to hell . 
  either i just failed at sarcasm ( inconceivable ) or you guys just wooosh-ed hard over this one . 
  what ? 
  dude can age !, 
  * how i met your mother * , `` something better , part 1 '' is the first episode of the tenth season and the two hundred and ninth episode overall . 
  it originally aired on april 1 , 2014 . 
  direction : pamela fryman, 
  screenwriting : carter bays & craig thomas, 
  running time : 21 minutes, 
  the jpg comes from the 04:20 mark . 
  and their teams go on to suffer for seasons to come ? 
  yes please !, 
  oh wow , did n't even realize . 
  you 're completely right . 
  amazing . 
  the moment i read the title i knew what the number one spot was reserved for . 
  my favorite one is the lampard winner vs. bolton in may 2005 . 
  i may be a bit biased tho ; my all time favorite player is lamps . 
  you 're getting somewhere . 
  balto and his story is as real as they get . 
  here 's a link to balto 's wikipedia page : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balto, 
  a statue of balto , sculpted by frederick roth , was erected in new york city 's central park on december 17 , 1925 , just 10 months after balto 's arrival in nome . 
  balto himself was present for the monument 's unveiling . 
  yes . 
  you 're talking about the beginning and ending of the movie . 
  an old woman is telling her granddaughter the story of how balto saved her young self from fatal illness in the winter of 1925 . 
  the original game ( modded with bugfixes and graphical mods ) should probably be at the top of every `` atmospheric games '' list . 
  the series 's atmosphere is on a different level . 
  i could literally feel the cold . 
  it 's a mod . 
  as such , it 's not cannon . 
  timeline is :, 
  : clear sky ( 2nd game in the series ), 
  : shadow of chernobyl ( first game in the series ), 
  : call of prypiat ( third and final game in the series ), 
  the three little ponies and their respective races . 
  i 'm really enjoying finn polmar . 
  great addition to the cast . 
  i was expecting margaery to show him boobs at first , maybe throw in the ever elusive vagina . 
  by the end i was expecting tommen to start masturbating as soon as she left the room . 
  i mean . . this is hbo and game of thrones we 're talking about . 
  i , however , did not expect that . 
  i saw it as more of a subtle nod towards the theories that sansa will become a ` player ' as the series progresses towards its ending . 
  at the time of the purple wedding , he is 9 years old and she is 17 years old . 
  i 'm assuming their ages are a little higher in the tv series ( it 's been +3 years for each ` child ' character ) , so 12 years old tommen and 20 years old margaery . 
  you did n't mention ser pounce !, 
  in the books , tommen is given to the three cats by margaery tyrell ( as a gift ) whereas in the tv series the pounce that was promised already owns and cares for tommen . 
  there 's a lot of hints in the books , now become apparent , that the others do have some sort of hierarchy and they 're not just zombies bent on destroying life and everything else just for the sake of it . 
  they seem to bide their time , strategically attacking key points north of the wall , making sure the world do n't know about them so that they wo n't be preparing a retaliation as soon as their plans start unfolding . 
  as far as hierarchies go , there 's always going to be someone at the top of a hierarchy ladder -- and that 's the night 's king for you . 
  there was an amazing analysis of jaime and brienne last year , you should read that too . 
  that 's not a very credible source of information . 
  i would certainly glaze over it if i were in tribunal judging a case . 
  it can easily be faked out of spite . 
  then there 's a problem with the way the tribunal handles cases . 
  thrash talking does n't mean much to me but it sure means a lot to my little brother . 
  i see him improving from silver 4 to gold 5 in a matter of 2 months and i 'm glad that he was able to stop thinking he was inferior to the playerbase and get better but now i see him rage quit and get frustrated constantly because of such behavior . 
  and i have friends that portray the same shitty behavior like the one i linked in the original post and let me tell you : in my 3 years of playing this game , i 've literally never seen someone get banned for this kind of thing , no matter how much riot has stated this is a bannable offense . 
  i 've even had my brother tell me he believes reporting is useless and that he 'd rather curse the enemy team in retaliation . 
  it 's very frustrating to see how league of legends is slowly changing him into a temperamental type of person . 
  i just went 14/0 , 8/0 and 9/1 in ranked at platinum iii with anivia . 
  definitely needs a buff . 
  but in all seriousness , anivia is largely dependant on how well it blends with the team composition . 
  it 's one of those champions that require you to be very good at being a team player . 
  anyone can shut her down 1-on-1 but she becomes a beast once you have another team-member to take the beating for you . 
  i can think of way way more underpowered champions on midlane . 
  karthus , twisted fate , ryze to think off a few . 
  there 's a trend nowadays of players going ryze top . 
  the look on their faces when you go 3/0 during lanephase on their ass and they blame it on `` it 's because anivia is not a normal toplaner !! 1 '' . 
  no shit , neither is ryze . 
  that 's the whole point of why you 're playing ryze on top . 
  thread lightly , friend , for you are walking on very spoilery grounds . 
  in any case ; no , they wo n't cut off jorah 's story .
