  i think people should stay clear of romanian teams today . 
  source : i am romanian . 
  everyone here thinks all of our teams are going to get steamrolled . 
  astra have been great in the league but most say it 's just an early-season fluke . 
  petrolul have a bi-polar disorder , they tend to be either really good or really bad . 
  in this case , i believe the former . 
  swansea is more than they can swallow , i think . 
  but i 'd love to get proven wrong . 
  i 've been fedding him small amounts today . 
  once about 4 hours ago and i 'm feeding him again right now ; small portion . 
  i 'm hopefully getting him to the vet first chance i get tomorrow . 
  updated info : just found out he 's younger than 3 months old . 
  he keeps biting me playfully , i think his teeth may be hurting a bit from the growth . 
  i heard i should n't feed him milk . 
  is that true ? 
  to the vet it is first thing tomorrow . 
  i 'm having a really terrible time . 
  i need to go to sleep ( 1 am ) , my old dog wo n't accept the new pup . 
  also , my new pup is biting everything in the house , even after i tried for an hour to show him that the only proper items to bite are toys . 
  willian . 
  if rvp = 1, 
  ftfy . 
  chelsea play monday . 
  i decided to keep lukaku on my team one last game ( i know it 's against manchester united ) but i 'm hoping mourinho realizes how well our game has shifted when lukaku was subbed in in game with aston villa . 
  he even said so in one of his post-match interviews . 
  i 'm going with van wolfy . 
  i do n't really know why . 
  fairly happy with my team but i opted to field lukaku one final time instead of johnson because aston villa are looking scary . 
  i 'm also taking a ballsy risk by captaining van wolfy . 
  think i 'm going to wc after this gw . 
  barely made 79 points last week . 
  unacceptable !, 
  i 'm hoping norwich impose themselves today ; particularly van wolfy . 
  what about coutinho 's dummy ? 
  i think the commentators said he touched it just a little bit . 
  i am extremely pleased about this transfer ( i 'm romanian ) . 
  i wish chiriches all the best . 
  i 'm a chelsea fan but also a romanian . 
  i hope he proves to be a great player for you ; just not in the games against us . 
  like this . 
  i have been using 3-5-2 so far and i think that will continue for quite some time . 
  being my first fpl season , my goals are to score 150 % of average gw points per gw and finish the season with at least 2000 points . 
  this is a `` learn the ropes '' season for me and i 'm doing , i think , great so far , 111 points in 2 weeks and man utd and chelsea have yet to play for me ; i 'm expecting another 20 points there . 
  we have a fucking gorgeous name too . 
  and on top of that , blue is the motherfucking color !, 
  at least it holds true to real life . 
  chelsea always have amazing starts every season . 
  except that guy . 
  what 's wrong with pantelimon ? 
  despite being famously known for ` illegal activities ' it 's , in my humble opinion , one of the safest places you could live . 
  steaua 's manager has confirmed that the deal is for $ 9.5 . 
  i 'm just going to say that cech is a god . 
  i 'm also going to add my voice to the countless of `` proud of my team '' chants . 
  just amazing !, 
  titlul e senzationalist at best . 
  just my 2 cents . 
  yes but the gold gained from a possible gank kill/assist far outweighs e. 
  nope . 
  it 's 3-0 already lol . 
  it 's clearly a homage . 
  romanian here . 
  i ca n't say i know much about eu laws but i think that the uk are allowed to deny work permit from a country within the eu if said country has been in the eu for less than 7 years . 
  romania joined the eu on january 1st , 2007 ; so if chiriches does n't get a work permit , he wo n't be able to play until january 1st , 2014 . 
  hello everyone , quasarkin here . 
  i 'm enjoying the game a lot so far and will definitely become a daily player . 
  looking forward to playing with you guys !, 
  pretty much . 
  that . . actually makes a lot of sense . 
  mind blown . 
  . . aaand this is why i 'm not going to be seeing anyone for the foreseeable future . 
  thanks for reminding me reddit !, 
  in that case , barney is the next to meet her . 
  he was wearing purple in the last half of the 2nd episode . 
  that 's because everyone gave a great performance . 
  good guide on how to improve yourself as a bronze/silver and to some extent gold league player . 
  but it does n't really put a dent on how important these 5 things are . 
  the video assumes that since you 're watching you already know how important these improvements could be for you . 
  the video makes it very easy for you to think to yourself `` i know all of this already but i 'm still not improving '' and skip over the tips . 
  i would say 9 out of 10 people watching this video will be thinking what i 'm describing . 
  the one thing the video did put a dent on is watching high elo streamers and analyzing what they 're doing and why they 're doing it but the average bronze/silver player will not bother to watch someone else play while they could be `` improving '' . 
  good luck with waiting for knowledge to fall out of the sky . 
  i 'd say watch the video and truly grasp what it 's trying to make you realize about your plays : 90 % of the things you 're doing could be improved ten fold if you would actually put some time and effort into actually improving . 
  playing a shit ton of games and making an experienced player out of yourself can only go so far before you start thinking `` this is the most i can and will improve '' . 
  you 're in gold ii or iii or whatever for fucks sake , there 's a shit ton of stuff you can improve on . 
  ** tldr : ** watch the video and truly grasp what it 's trying to convey . 
  * wooooooshhhhhh *, 
  fiddlesticks as support , in my short experience with him , is a very viable pick against two kind of teams : the first kind are the teams that are built around powerful cc and hard engages . 
  for example : wukong top , kassadin mia , jarvan jungle , ezreal adc , leona support . 
  the second kind are rarely seen but they sometimes do show their silly face in soloq : glass cannon teams that are built around a majority of ap champions . 
  a good example of this would be : kennen top , nidalee ap mid , elise jungle , corki/ezreal adc , zyra/sona/soraka support . 
  in my experience , fiddlesticks as support has great synergy with champions that have great early potential like caitlyn and vayne . 
  get e at level 1 , while maxing q first . 
  pick up w at level 4 to heal yourself if the enemy decides to engage on yourself . 
  make note of it that it 's always a good thing when the enemy adc decides to focus you , the support , instead of your adc . 
  as for runes and masteries , i 'd say standard support & harass runes ( magic pen . 
  marks , armor seals , magic per lvl . 
  glyphs and gold/10 quints ) and 9/0/21 masteries do the job . 
  as for builds , standard supporting items usually do great but if you want to spice it up with your ultimate , zhonya is a great item to pick up around the 35th minute mark and set up future 5v5 's in your team 's favor . 
  in my experience , i almost never see top laners carry games unless they get a ridiculous amount of kills very early on . 
  that said , a top laner with 4 kills at the 12th minute mark is pretty much gg .
