you 're not throwing more good money . 
  you really are n't understanding the policy i 'm advocating . 
  i 'm advocating temporarily extending the deadline of greek loans ( and yes , granting debt relief where absolutely necessary ) , taking off the austerity requirement , allowing the greek economy to recover after a depression greater than that experienced by germany/us in the 1930s . 
  once it has begun to recover , you require that greece undergoes political reforms to ensure it does n't happen again , and then they begin to repay the loans . 
  the current policy is one which is contracting the greek economy via austerity , thus ensuring they ca n't repay the loans they owe to french/german/dutch banks . 
  if you do n't want to lose german money , then you should absolutely hate the current policy of the eurogroup . 
  anyway , i 'm bored of talking about this - and i 'm sure it 'll come up every few weeks now for the next decade - as the eurogroup continues to delay the reality that they have to grant a debt haircut because they 're worried about the reactions of the german/french/dutch electorate - so the greek people will continue to suffer as a result . 
  but this current episode has depressed me enough that i ca n't be bothered to keep going right now . 
  yeah , well german money was stupidly loaned to greeks and now the greeks ca n't pay it back . 
  if you feel morally fine advocating turning greece into a 3rd world country just because you ca n't handle the thought of not getting your loans back , fine . 
  it 's your own conscience . 
  but i know i could n't live with it . 
  and you should also know that austerity is the best way of making sure germany never gets any of it back . 
  if you really cared about german money you 'd quit the austerity , allow them to recover for a few years , have the greek government implement proper reforms , and then allow them to slowly repay loans . 
  but for some reason you want both germany and greece to pay as high a cost as possible . 
  type misinformation , have it pointed out to you that you 're wrong , then come out with the classic `` if you care so much about immigrants why do n't you let them sleep under your bed ? '', 
  type of strawman argument . 
  the number of baseless , wrong claims i see on this subreddit whenever greece comes up is incredible . 
  but , anyway , since you mentioned it : in 2012 public sector employment in greece accounted for 22.6 % of total employment . 
  in denmark it was 34.9 . 
  in norway 34.6 . 
  sweden 28.1 . 
  the uk 23.5 . 
  ireland 24.7 . 
  poland 25.2 . 
  the average rate among oecd countries was 21.3 % in 2013 , and greece 's was 22.6 % . 
  hardly `` far too overblown '' , but then , you never were relying on evidence for your claim - just perception . 
  as for your point about maturity extensions on greek debt . 
  nowhere near enough , 2 . 
  on conditions of austerity , so they wo n't be able to repay in the future anyway , because income will continue to shrink and 3 . 
  no debt relief , which is also needed . 
  consider the deal done . 
  enjoy your 6 months of near-permanent darkness . 
  can you stop with the crap doctor/patient metaphors ? 
  the greek economy is like any other economy . 
  what 's currently crippling it is a combination of household debt and imposed austerity . 
  there is one solution to this problem . 
  you haircut the debt , or extend the time needed to pay it back , and you reduce the imposition of austerity . 
  sure , french and german banks lose some money , but they 're just as at fault as greece is for lending them so much money in the first place . 
  what is currently being done is the opposite , ie . 
  effectively increasing household/public debt in greece ( because the imposed austerity is shrinking everyone 's incomes ) , and increasing the austerity requirements . 
  the long-run outcome of this , if continued by the eurogroup ( finally the imf has come to its senses here ) , is that greece becomes a 3rd world country , when all that had to be done was to impose some losses on northern european banks . 
  but i suppose that 's asking for too much in the current eu system . 
  much easier to moralise about northern europeans being doctors and everyone else patients . 
  this is a great idea , and greece certainly needs reforms , but nothing has been done to fix the problems of the greek economy . 
  in many ways , the `` structural reforms '' have only led to worse infrastructure . 
  the way you solve the problem is by first granting debt relief , so greece can actually have a chance to grow , increase its tax base , and then you impose rules on them requiring that they completely overhaul their political infrastructure . 
  but trying to do this while simultaneously strangling their finances has been utterly catastrophic and led to a recession worse than anything experienced by the us/germany in the great depression of the 30s . 
  but of course , french/german banks need their money back , greeks be damned . 
  so it 'll never happen . 
  the great irony of it is that the only way french/german banks will actually get their money back is by listening to what the imf has ( finally ) started saying . 
  without qe , the eurozone would no longer exist . 
  mario draghi has basically been on a one-man mission to save the entire project . 
  absolutely incredible that people can still ask what qe has done for greece/europe with a straight face . 
  step 1 : pick one of the many reasons given in the article for why austerity does n't work and focus on it , ignoring every other point made . 
  step 2 : exaggerate and create a straw man around said point . 
  step 3 : say that other things caused the crisis ( but do n't be specific ) . 
  step 4 : get upvotes , because the article is criticising the eu , and this is r/europe , where all defences of eu policy are axiomatically up voted , even if the defences are rubbish . 
  do we get their weather in this new world , too ? 
  this is probably true , but i 've got to say , trying to imagine a country where the government actually works effectively is so difficult to conceptualise that it 's hard to imagine how i 'd psychologically respond to it . 
  i 'm sure we 'd probably collectively find something else to moan about , but then , at least it would n't be the fact that we 're complicit in bombing yemeni children , or letting homelessness double or shit like that . 
  probably be the weather instead , or something . 
  so swings and roundabouts , really . 
  no , in terms of wages , ireland really is n't that much wealthier than the uk . 
  the median wages , for example , are pretty similar . 
  again , both ireland and the uk are very unequal , so london/dublin 's wages would likely be higher than most of the rest of northern europe 's wealthiest cities , despite much of northern europe having far higher median wages . 
  but if you live anywhere other than dublin/london ( or , even more precisely , if you 're in any income bracket other than the top 0.1-1 % ) , you 'd much rather be a scandinavian . 
  but hey , we keep voting for cunts , so we can hardly complain . 
  `` there 's only two ways ; the donald trump way or the ` do nothing about major , systemic problems for almost a decade ' way '' . 
  yeah , that 's not how the world works . 
  there are more than two options . 
  the continued failure to implement a fiscal and banking union in the eurozone is beyond belief , given that almost every expert is completely agreed on the need for such reforms . 
  as is the inability to recognise that the only way greece gets out of a trajectory which points towards ever-increasing poverty ( and the only way french/german banks will ever get any money back from their bad loans to greece ) is by debt restructuring . 
  why ca n't institutions just sort their shit out without becoming overtaken by the orange-faced oafs of the world ? 
  it seems like the political classes ( not just in the eu ) have forgotten that the `` just fix shit '' option exists . 
  i imagine the two are quite strongly correlated , though . 
  you joke , but if people had actually listened to that advice rather than kicking the can down the road ( see your own country for further information on how this is done ) then the crisis probably would have been averted . 
  more importantly than breaking them up , banks just need to be properly regulated so that they wo n't need to be bailed out ( see canada for a reasonable model , where 4 big banks dominate but it does n't matter because they are actually regulated properly ) . 
  i think the success of sanders suggests there 's an opportunity for the left to gain a stronger foothold in the democratic party . 
  especially given that warren is probably ( this is only my opinion , though very recent opinion polls have suggested it too ) the most likely person to run against trump in 4 years time . 
  though i 'm sure the omnipotent us oligarchy has other plans and will pour money into a `` clintonian '' candidate . 
  there 's probably something to this , though i do n't see why this excludes people from africa/samerica/asia from being able to lead the imf/world bank . 
  do you think that logically follows from what i said ? 
  let me ask this differently , since you 've done what all uncritical eu supporters do and effectively define the institution in such a way that any involvement of member states immediately absolves the eu of any responsibility ( even though the eu is literally a collection of member states ) . 
  what sorts of failures ( in theory ) could the eu be held responsible for ? 
  given the commission 's complete complicity during the most damaging years of austerity , i think it is entirely appropriate to call this an eu issue ( and this supposes that i grant , which i do n't , that the eurogroup can be entirely separated from the eu ) . 
  and who set the ecb 's mandate ? 
  the eurogroup is probably the single most important organisation in the eu . 
  you are n't getting away from its enormous responsibility on a legal technicality . 
  who set the ecb 's mandate ? 
  and because the commission covers non-ez states it is absolved of its responsibilities in the ez ? 
  what sort of logic is this ? 
  come on , you must recognise that not one thing you have said has in any way absolved the eu of responsibility , so long as you grant that these 3 institutions form part of the eu . 
  does the ecb form part of the eu ? 
  the eurogroup ? 
  the commission ( though it has actually taken a better stance on this recently , probably because it knows it has no influence over how economies are managed ) ? 
  better for us to have control over them , right ? 
  given that the eu is a collection of member states , you can always use this argument to ensure the eu never receives any criticism whatsoever - which is too easy . 
  is the eurogroup part of the eu ? 
  is the ecb ?
