  the commission ? 
  if so , then my criticism stands . 
  these institutions ( at least , the pre-draghi ecb ) are hugely responsible for europe 's continuing economic stagnation . 
  the narrative that the failures of the southern european economies are entirely the fault of their own government 's `` profligacy '' , or `` lack of reforms '' , when in fact it is hugely to do with the policies of the ecb in response to 2007-2009 and the complete lack of a framework which would enable a common currency to work/imposed austerity during a recession ( though this blame should be shared between the eu and individual nations ) . 
  what , it 's unthinkable that it could be controlled by anyone outside the us/eu ? 
  what about africa/south america/asia ? 
  especially given these are the countries that the imf/world bank have most control over . 
  you forgot the most important freedom : the freedom for your country 's corporations to make more money . 
  that 's all the cia has ever done . 
  how it has n't been dismantled and started again from scratch given its appalling past is a testament to the effectiveness of us propaganda . 
  the things you listed are just a drop in the ocean . 
  it has been committing crimes and siding with terrorists/dictators for most of its entire history . 
  i have actually heard krugman say more or less exactly what i said . 
  he has effectively laid out two options for the eurozone : one is to continue as it is , with low rates of growth and gradually falling behind the rest of the world , or dismantle the euro and incur the risk of global financial meltdown but potentially helping europe in the long-run ( and therefore the rest of the world in the long-run ) . 
  as for your comment on the uk , i do n't know why you keep bringing it up , because it is n't relevant to a discussion on the euro . 
  you again reveal that you do n't want people outside the euro giving their opinions on its future , and i again reiterate that i do n't care ; i reserve the right to speculate on things that i happen to know quite a lot about , regardless of my country of birth . 
  we `` brits '' also have plenty to say about our own government , and i have more criticism of it than most , but that does n't mean i ca n't comment on the euro ( and it does personally affect me , since half of my family live in a struggling eurozone country ) . 
  i just edited my previous comment again , not that it matters - because you do n't actually respond to anything i say . 
  i seriously think you have a problem interpreting what i 'm saying . 
  how could you interpret what i wrote about the ft as meaning i do n't think it 's british ? 
  here are some sources , read their stuff on the euro : paul krugman , barry eichengreen , joseph stiglitz , martin wolf , wolfgang muncheau ( both of the ft ) , simon wren-lewis , yanis varoufakis 's latest book is n't bad . 
  just read anything by any serious economist on europe post-2007 and they 'll all say similar things . 
  just to give you a snippet , here 's paul krugman ( nobel prize winner in international trade ) in a recent review , quoting mervyn king 's ( ex-governor of the bank of england ) book : `` if the alternative is crushing austerity , continuing mass unemployment , and no end in sight to the burden of debt , then leaving the euro area may be the only way to plot a route back to economic growth and full employment . '', 
  krugman then goes on to say , in response to king 's quote : `` that 's a big deal -- if he 'd said it while still in office , it would have provoked a diplomatic crisis . 
  his reasoning , however , rests squarely on standard economic analysis -- specifically , the concept of an ` optimum currency area ' '' . 
  http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2016/07/14/money-brave-new-uncertainty-mervyn-king/ as for your suggestion that my views are `` seriously misinformed '' , i 'm still waiting for you to respond to absolutely anything about what i 've said on the eurozone . 
  you have done no such thing yet . 
  well , to begin with , i do n't read `` british newspapers '' - and i highly doubt that british newspapers ever make the economic arguments against the euro that i have ( with the exception of the financial times ) . 
  when you present a rational response to my argument , i will consider replying - so long as you can keep xenophobia out of your reply . 
  i do n't tie the fate of the euro to the eu . 
  i think the eu will probably ( and i certainly hope it does ) survive past the euro . 
  i do n't deny the `` destroy the eu '' attitude does n't exist , of course it does - particularly ( though by no means exclusively ) in the uk . 
  i did n't say greece leaving the euro was politically impossible , though i do think it 'll be difficult . 
  but everyone seems to forget about italy when discussing the euro . 
  possible arrangements for a `` grexit '' might work , but if italy decides out the euro is finished . 
  that is simply a fact . 
  it is also a fact that the five star movement are polling level with the democratic party in italy , and they are currently in favour of leaving the euro ( as are the next three most popular italian parties after them ) . 
  but you just took the quotes which were applied to the need for more fiscal union , and used them into something completely different - thus completely misrepresenting my views . 
  there 's ( a declining , but undoubtedly real ) political will to keep the euro going , but there is not a political will to introduce a system comparable to the united states which is necessary to get the eurozone back to good growth . 
  there is not a willingness on the part of northern europeans to invest in southern europe during downturns . 
  again , you have either accidentally or deliberately chosen to misrepresent what i said . 
  i also say that if there is no political will to introduce a fiscal union comparable to that of the united states ( and it 's absolutely clear that there is n't - see what would happen if merkel advocated the policy i just laid out ) , then the euro ought to be intelligently dismantled or the alternative is the continued stagnation of the eurozone , before eventually the euro is destroyedrecklessly by a populist party in italy/greece ( maybe even france ) , which neither you nor i should want . 
  i just want to introduce the most crucial point of all of this , and it 's one which is all-too easily forgotten on this subreddit . 
  the ultimate goal is europe 's prosperity , not the eu 's or the euro 's . 
  so when i speak against the euro , i do not do it because i want to see `` europe '' fail . 
  i am half spanish , i have family who live in spain ( many of whom are unemployed ) , and i do n't want to see a continent as great as europe gradually lose influence compared with the united states or asia . 
  i do n't think this would be a good development in the world . 
  so if i thought that the best way for europe to return to a good economic system involved breaking up the euro ( or even the eu , though i do n't think this ) , then i think it should be done . 
  we should n't hang on to failing systems once we recognise that they are failing and ca n't be fixed . 
  it 's in no one 's interests . 
  i 'm sorrry , but milton friedman is not a good source on economic history . 
  monetary economics , sure , but his views on economic history are not at all accepted by serious academics . 
  though i 've always liked listening to him - so thanks for the link anyway . 
  edit : watched it , and milton friedman is sort of avoiding the point here . 
  he repeatedly points to the protectionism of rice in japan , where i would agree with him . 
  but he does n't actually address the `` infant industry argument '' he refers to , which did play a role in helping drive japan to a position of wealth in the first place . 
  he only falls back onto ideology in saying that the government can not know which industries it would be proper to invest in . 
  well , south korea 's government did know . 
  japan 's did know . 
  the united states did know . 
  the chinese government ( sort of ) did know . 
  and it forms part of the reason why all four are relatively wealthy today , and why billions of people have been helped out of poverty . 
  while much of africa which obediently followed the advice of people like milton friedman from the 1980s onwards have struggled enormously . 
  i do n't say this proves my case , but it certainly should put doubt in the mind of anyone who thinks totally free trade is always the answer ( we already pretty much know for certain , as i said earlier , that free capital flows are a bad idea for developing countries ), 
  this might work for greece . 
  it probably does n't work for italy . 
  yes , fine thank you . 
  just incredibly bored of being told by nationalists that my point of view on the euro ( which is entirely backed up by a large section of the economics profession ) is irrelevant because of where i 'm from and only further evidence of how the uk wants to destroy the eu . 
  as though i were fucking representative of theresa may and boris johnson . 
  it 's all boring tribalism , now fuck off . 
  we 're done here . 
  `` exactly . 
  the little british flag on that comment says it all . 
  '' , since you seem already to have forgotten . 
  okay , first of all they responsed to the recession more terribly than you think . 
  the 2010-2012 debt crisis/general crisis was almost entirely the result of the decision by the ecb to raise interest rates ( !!!!!!!!!!! ), 
  at a time when every other central bank in the world was slashing them . 
  this is n't a matter of `` oh , but who knew what to do ? 
  '' , it 's a case of sheer insanity which is recognised as such by almost everyone who knows anything about economics ( including mario draghi , who expertly saved the whole thing from collapse by reversing the insane policies of earlier ) . 
  as for the nationalistic ploy to destroy the eu , it 's very real , and i acknowledge its existence , but i think you have to separate it from the reasons for the euro/eurogroup 's failings , which are also very real , and are actually also partially responsible for leading to this nationalistic , anti-eu movement . 
  you 're confusing legitimate economic explanations for why the euro will probably eventually fail without reforms which are currently politically impossible in the required countries with the nationalistic movement which is rising out of the ashes of a serious crisis mostly resulting from the eu 's economic failures and immigration . 
  as for the uk , i have very little good to say about its influence on the eu before leaving - so we mostly agree on that ( though i repeat that it is n't really relevant to what i was talking about , but there 's a tendency on this subreddit to reply to any criticisms of the euro by someone from the uk to say `` fucking englishmen still trying to dismantle the eu '' , where i 'd actually much rather see it saved than dismantled ) . 
  no , you are . 
  now go back to judging people 's opinions by the country they come from . 
  you 're a complete imbecile . 
  you 're mostly right . 
  but there is evidence that some protectionist methods have been fairly crucial in allowing countries to develop throughout history . 
  even the imf , for example , has been forced to concede that their insistence that developing countries completely liberalise capital flows was a bad idea . 
  similarly , some instances of import substitution did undoubtedly help south korea/japan develop , and they used many of the same methods used by the uk/us/germany during the 19th century . 
  while i 'm not saying free trade is n't essential to economic development , because it is - * some * limitations ( if done intelligently ) on free trade can be beneficial . 
  about the euro ? 
  probably more than the vast majority on this subreddit . 
  i do n't know if i 'm allowed to , since i 'm not from a country which uses it , which clearly makes my reason less valid than yours ( for reasons ) . 
  do n't bother replying to me again . 
  as a rule of thumb , i try to avoid talking to boring nationalists/xenophobes . 
  where i come from has absolutely nothing to do with any of it . 
  this is undoubtedly the biggest problem the euro faces , and if you 're attitude is to put your finger in your ears and allow only certain people from certain patches of land to make criticisms of the euro , then things will only get worse . 
  petty nationalism never solves anything . 
  i really do n't think this is the right analogy for why the euro is in trouble . 
  the main problem the euro has is that it is politically impossible in germany and other northern european countries to invest large sums of money in greece , italy , portugal , spain , ireland etc.
