   just because caesar can justify his beliefs , does n't mean they 're worth listening to . 
  this is the craziest part about this imo, 
  people play the game and they learn something : evil people ( caesar ) can rationalize their beliefs ... and the conclusion they draw is that everything is morally gray and relative . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is n't what the person who wrote the character had in mind, 
  my mom completed fallout 4 . 
  how should i deal with her ? 
   the only effort that was put in to the map pack was basic remastering , which certainly did n't cost the original price plus some extra . 
  can somebody explain what the hell * basic remastering * is ? 
  does it come in a bottle ? 
  edit : i 'm guessing it 's some kind of polish that you apply to bad games, 
  i mean ... it does say so right on the steam refunds page :, 
   you can request a refund for nearly any purchase on steam -- for any reason . 
  maybe your pc does n't meet the hardware requirements ; maybe you bought a game by mistake ; ** maybe you played the title for an hour and just did n't like it . 
  not even voluntary , creators have to apply and show previous work . 
  i think this is the right way to do this, 
  thanks . 
  their website says that creators `` start receiving payment as soon as their proposal is accepted and through development milestones . '', 
  which sounds like you do n't get royalties or that you have to even finish the mod before getting a payment . 
  i doubt that they have the staff to manage and review thousands of proposals , so they 're going to make sure that people who get to make mod proposals are actually qualified . 
  my guess is that they 'll work mostly with professionals and community modders who are good enough to do this professionally . 
  after reading about this for the past hour , what i 've learned is that no one who is outraged by this has actually read a single word on their creation club website . 
  is n't it funny that the comment on microtransactions ( and how they are the industry 's way of depriving you of content you were entitled to for free ) got reddit gold ? 
  somebody made a microtransaction to honor that comment, 
  to be fair , things here in europe are much worse than the media lets on . 
  write * anything * about the government and, 
  forgot to mention : that one is probably about 1-2cm . 
  thanks !, 
  good to know . 
  i was just wondering why i keep finding them in my room . 
  i guess they 're coming out of those planters on the patio . 
  damn , / u/bsrussell must have really upset those kia drivers !, 
  do you get naked settlers , too ? 
  i did n't experience these bugs in previous playthroughs with better settlers . 
  i 'm playing as the female survivor , so i saw him get shot in the head . 
  his memory is probably very scrambled . 
  should i put him back in the freezer ? 
   `` i want this , and the way they 're trying to sell it to me is bullshit '', 
  tl ; dr i really want this but i feel i 'm entitled to it for free, 
  yes . 
  if i remember correctly they never tell you outright , but it 's obvious if you pay attention . 
  you can piece it together if you listen to the various stories and most importantly : if you read the terminals in the institute which provide all the proof you need . 
  but i think the critics also have a point . 
  i enjoyed the game a lot but the dialogue in the institute in particular is very limited . 
  you never get the option to actually ask about any of those stories/allegations ( like the mayor of dc being a synth , the university point attack etc ) imo , that 's the weakest part of the game, 
  it 's not . 
  but i think the `` missed opportunity '' complaints really only show how good bgs is at creating a compelling world . 
  even the stuff that sits in the background , and was never meant to be more than it is , is interesting . 
  i think i 've heard the missed opportunity thing about a hundred different things in the game by now . 
  about the gunners and raiders , about dozens of different locations , about i do n't know how many characters and their biographies that are full of missed opportunities . 
  anyone who complains about this stuff is just going to be perpetually disappointed with video games . 
  if you tried to flesh out * every * little loose end in a game you 're making , you 'll never be done . 
  it 's an endless rabbit hole . 
  [ there 's only one solution to this problem ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wautskt.jpg ), 
  just get it to higher ground or use tin foil to enhance the signal . 
  the dragons were just really excited for the bay of seals, 
  it 's the eyes , is n't it ? 
  you can always tell when someone is being warged into by looking at their eyes, 
  it 's also really difficult to find games/movies ( really any entertainment ) that can live up to your childhood memory . 
  you do n't remember flaws in the games you played ( or the movies you watched ) because you were too young to find any . 
  this might explain why people ca n't seem to agree when exactly `` video games went to shit '' . 
  it 's different for everyone . 
  geraldo 's wild adventures are flawless though, 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuwyfxli3ty ), 
  jon snoo wo n't be stopped by a paper cut though, 
  tilt your head left , i believe it 's our friend bobby b, 
  [ i 'm perfectly healthy . 
  enjoy . 
  edit : i apologize to all the people who have seen that image, 
  if the night king does n't kill everyone at the end it 's just fan service, 
  i discovered the commentary recently . 
  i think this was my favorite part : https://youtu.be/udkohpyqp74?t=184, 
  lena headey is the best in every commentary track . 
  this is another really good one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u20pehxnmuy, 
  bran ? 
  is that you ? 
  / uj last i heard bethesda rejected a game of thrones game . 
  and it looks like later bethesda game of thrones game rumors were coming from the same source as the `` starfield '' rumors . 
  that turned out to be complete bollocks made up by some guy on 4chan . 
  target probably saw those rumors and prepared a page for it just in case . 
  i do n't know about that but i remember checking his twitter during/after e3 . 
  he did say something along the lines of `` it 's not my fault if you believe lies posted online '' right after e3 , when people were disappointed about the lack of `` starfield '' . 
  the fact that this was first posted on 4chan should completely disqualify all those claims . 
  apparently the leaker also claimed that bethesda did n't show `` starfield '' to discredit his `` leaks '' . 
  right . 
  what are they going to do next ? 
  `` we need to shut down this $ 50 million game project , 4chan knows '', 
  i love the lack of whinging in this sub, 
   but in the books the power levels of characters scale in such a way that it would n't make sense in a game along bethesda 's stylistic lines . 
  i must have missed the part in the books where the characters level up, 
  how about this one ? 
   i hope that bethesda earn lots and lots of money from this , so that future bethesda games are held back , and people finally realise what hacks these people are . 
  something nobody seems to have picked up on yet regarding the cersei `` deal '' ( if there was a deal ) : rewatch the scene where she and jamie split up . 
  after she tells jamie that he is the stupidest lannister , she says that she would n't `` trust the man who murdered our father '' . 
  this was after tyrion and the rest had left . 
   your child will be named the king/queen after dany 's death , and so house lannister will rule on and will get westeros as tywin and cersei wanted . 
  cersei would have to trust both tyrion and dany for that . 
  seems very unlikely, 
  i also think it 'll be something like that . 
  dany 's vision of the destroyed throne room in kl will come true i bet .
