  ^ reeeee ^ ^ eeeeeeeeee, 
  i was going to point out that we do n't have a subreddit simulator bot , but then i realized that we have dozens, 
  they have betas for each dlc . 
  maybe your neighbor is a beta tester . 
  maybe a beta tester leaked it . 
  or maybe your neighbor works for bethesda , in which case you should probably keep an eye on him . 
  this is nothing more than bethesda propaganda, 
   if you put your hands over your ears and pretend everything 's great , nothing will ever get better . 
  seriously ... this makes it sound like fallout is a basic human right that bethesda is denying the true fans . 
  or like he 's discussing news about isis , not video games . 
  are video games this important ? 
  / rj the government should give fallout back to obsigod and put todd coward into prison, 
  i think we should call every non-witcher game `` offbrand witcher '' from now on , . 
  any card game may be called `` offbrand gwent '', 
  it is a beta test , though ? 
  also if it 's anything like bethesda 's creation kit beta , then half those comments are rants about the state of the industry , casuals playing my game , dlcs , and whining about microtransactions ( or in bethesda 's case : whining about bethesda possibly bringing back paid mods ), 
   new vegas, 
   never . 
  happened . 
  heretic !, 
  everyone knows only godsidian 's work is canon !, 
  / uj you know what really caught me off guard in nv ? 
  ( spoiler alert ) when i started the game and i turned on the radio for the first time , and i thought `` i wonder if this guy is a robot too '' . 
  imagine my surprise when i found out / s, 
  i realized that i 'm actually confusing that one with mr house , sorry . 
  not sure if i caught him on the radio ? 
  my point was actually that one of the major antagonists/characters was an ai again.it 's interesting that nobody seemed to care that nv practically had the same `` plot twist '' as fo3 . 
  are you saying that my memory unit is damaged ? 
  ( if you believe the wiki , mr. new vegas is a robot too . 
  i totally knew that ), 
  is editing sandbox packages safe ? 
  last i heard bethesda 's changes to them were the reason why the unofficial patch suddenly caused the changing settler bug . 
  this might be the reason why there are n't any mods that modify settler behavior . 
  a video game being shorter than i expected it to be is literally the same as being robbed at gunpoint, 
  / uj i think the ability to use your hands individually in games looks far more interesting than it being in 3d . 
  think about how limited actions often are because you have to remember which button does what, 
  this has nothing to do with laziness . 
  they probably took a photo of a billboard for the texture of the damaged/torn edges . 
  the billboard probably had a lot of white around the borders and a car somewhere in the middle , so the artist could easily put the vim poster on top while keeping the torn borders . 
  my guess is whoever did this was in a rush and did n't notice the logo . 
  they probably did n't bother blending the border on the left side for the same reason . 
  [ fo4 spoiler ], 
  i 'm starting to think that some people like this so much because they ca n't read between the lines at all . 
  no 30 minute sermon explaining every detail of a character 's motivations ? 
  ( s ) he must not have any, 
  no karma system ? 
  i ca n't be evil !, 
  how do i know what 's good or bad without numbers to tell me !? 
  no slideshow detailing the future of the game world ? 
  destroying almost all major factions must not have had any consequences !, 
  i really want to know what those people think a new engine will do for the game specifically, 
  lazy bethesda would just use horse code for cars !, 
  ( or two npcs in a car mesh ), 
  the source is also from january . 
  i thought this sounded familiar when i read the headline . 
  we did n't ask for this, 
  so what exactly is the difference between `` living consciousness '' and a `` mimic of intelligence '' ? 
  could it be more expensive to produce a game in the us than it is in poland ? 
  complaining about games being too expensive apparently is n't enough . 
  a game is now only good if the developers are starving while making the game, 
   doesnt surprise me at all , maybe a poll with only those who played all games would be more accurate . 
   yeah , people think what is new is better , in tes series it 's not the case, 
  dae morrowind would be # 1 if stupid people did n't vote ? 
  morrowind was my first tes game and i loved it , but i liked oblivion a lot more . 
   fuck i 'm dreading the reaction to tesvi when it comes out . 
  do n't worry , you wo n't have to wait that long !, 
  you 'll be able to read 30 page papers about the casualization of tes the second they announce settlement building, 
   i realize the required investment of dev and qa hours , and it 'd probably tally to a major expansion pack , if not a new game , but still feasible . 
  we do n't know the cost , and we do n't know if it 's feasible . 
  checking for offensive content is easy , and as far as i can tell they 're already doing that on bethesda.net . 
  i imagine sony is more concerned about technical issues , like savegame corruption/bloating , and console crashes . 
  you need skilled , experienced people to check for this . 
  some companies fail to properly check their own game for this . 
  how would this work for thousands of mods not even made by professionals ? 
   day 0 dlc is such fucking horse shit . 
  `` hey guys , we made this thing that was ready before the game even launched , but we did n't want to include it so you 'll need to pay $ 20 . '', 
  games do not do dlc well anymore . 
  ** they used to be fun little add-ons that were n't at all needed to play the game . 
  now companies are using dlc to get the consumer to spend more than $ 60 ** to get the full game , without them even realizing it . 
  the witcher 3 did dlc well , and in a debatable way so does destiny . 
  i ca n't really think of anything else . 
  i * need * those skins and weapons !, 
  the game is unplayable without them !, 
  he 's saying dlcs were good when they were small and not needed , but cdpr 's huge dlcs are the only good dlcs nowadays ? 
  which means other developers sell small dlcs that you somehow need ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  are . exe files sold separately now ? 
  i 'm curious ... are you talking about the texture resolution or the texture style ? 
  because i 've heard the same complaint about the new wolfenstein games . 
  i personally think they did a great job on both games . 
  i know wolfenstein had some trouble loading textures , i.e. 
  they 'd actuallly be low res for some time when you entered a new area . 
  but i sometimes think that people are misreading this `` painterly '' style which has become very popular in the industry . 
  colorizebot was apparently trained on 80s pictures, 
   in r/space, 
  stopped going there because many posts now get cheap jokes about nms . 
  i swear , some people spend more time shitting on that game than they ever spent actually playing it . 
  what is wrong with people ? 
  compared my wife to witcheroo . 
  wife is embarrassed and i 'm a sad ex - husband,
