  edit : just kidding . 
  like i have a wife . 
  i 'm married to geraldo, 
  i 've seen this type of comment so many times on reddit . 
  so many salty qa testers who think 3 months in qa make them industry experts . 
  even better when they leave frustrated because the devs did n't implement all their awesome game design ideas . 
  it 's the arrival . 
  and it is ron silver apparently, 
  me too !, 
  maybe it 's because i watched the movie when i was young , but i think there was some memorable stuff in it . 
  ( spoiler ) that guy 's legs bending for the jump made me cringe back then . . 
  i read that as piracy at first , and i was n't even surprised, 
  cant wait for the counterjerk to overtake the real jerk . 
  i know some people like that even less - but i 'll laugh, 
  and if it were the other way around : look at how clean the windows are !, 
  more polished than nms !, 
  if oblivion horse armor is any indication , this circlejerk is n't going anywhere for the next 10 years, 
  bought it a few days ago with the dlc . 
  currently playing the mech dlc ( at first thought i was playing the story and did n't realize this was the dlc already ) . 
  the mechs are awesome and the best part of the game so far . 
  i would n't go back to buy it without the dlc now, 
  edit : no regrets, 
  my god . 
  look at ford 's arms . 
  he does n't know what to do with them , almost like he 's a robot . 
  robot robert robertbot confirmed . 
  logan being mib would make a lot more sense . 
  does mib actually rape dolores in the first or second episode ? 
  ( i do n't remember which ) . 
  because i always thought this would be a big problem with the william = mib theory . 
  i agree that this would be a bit extreme , perhaps even bad writing . 
  william becoming the mib seems like more than just character progression . 
  it 's like his personality is swapped out completely . 
  they also forgot the part where you could count pixels in textures and polygons on character 's faces, 
  tl ; dr : the asa says that reasonable consumers would n't be misled by those ads . 
  the asa will be shocked when they find out how unreasonable many gamers are, 
   never use the internal engine again and instead go with ue4 . 
  this just confirms that the people who demand a new engine know absolutely nothing about engines, 
  someone actually reposted it from here and they took the bait . 
  more than 4000 upvotes . 
  the art/design of nv in general is why i liked fo3/fo4 much more . 
  do n't forget this : http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/fallout/images/6/6d/combatarmorreinforcedmkii.png/revision/latest?cb=20110406022232, 
  i do n't know if you have to play on survival for this one , but this is what i use : http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/14650/ ? 
  it has an in-game option for outgoing/incoming damage with multipliers from 1-3 ( with 5 or 6 steps between ) for both . 
  yea , from what i 've gathered this bug happens when anything related to the settlement basically goes above default game limits . 
  maxing settlers seems to cause this bug for a lot of people . 
  having too many scripted objects was another cause that came up a lot in bug reports . 
  i uninstalled the build limit mod and creative clutter ( could be that homemaker , g2m , creative clutter and the horticulture mod were just too much . 
  who knows ) . 
  i 've also uninstalled more settlement attacks for now . 
  some people are complaing on the mod 's page that the attacks increase with time , and that deleting the script does n't help . 
  if this mod causes the bug it will most likely happen after a few in-game days ( i had it for one or two in-game weeks ), 
  i had that lag a lot in a previous playthrough . 
  workshop menu would take seconds to open . 
  so thanks for that , i had a ton of resources back then and never thought to move some of them . 
  also , i 'm almost certain now that the combination of more settlement attacks + unofficial fo4 patch caused this , see here : http://i.imgur.com/y7fotm2.png ( from more settlement attacks page on the nexus ), 
  did you manage to bring her back ? 
  recently reinstalled and i 've had this problem as well . 
  try turning on vsync and setting max pre-rendered frames to 1 in the nvidia control panel . 
  also limit fps to 60 . 
  i think fallout 4 has an ini setting for that . 
  if not , you could look into the enboost mod which has an option for limiting fps . 
  limiting fps has solved stuttering issues for a lot of people, 
  unfortunately i do n't know what ultimately fixed it for me . 
  i basically just used as many suggested solutions as possible at once . 
  more suggestions i 've come across :, 
  make sure the virtual cache/memory ( page file ) in windows is set at a fixed size ( it already was for me , so that did n't help ), 
  disable core 0 of your cpu for fallout 4 ( no idea how to do this in win10 , but it sounds like a bad solution anyway ), 
  thanks !, 
  i think i 'll go with the 7700k for the cpu, 
   teleported each of them to another cell , and used the kill command , hoping that they 'd despawn alongside the raiders . 
  they did not, 
  so if you kill them they just respawn ? 
  you could get fo4edit and load all mods into it . 
  you do n't have that many mods so it should n't take long to check them all for relevant edits . 
  i do n't know exactly how the flare gun works , but the quest `` minflaregun '' seems to be important . 
  so if you load all mods into fo4edit , just check which one has edited this quest . 
  ( assuming this is a mod conflict ), 
  if it 's a stuck quest , you could try this console command : setstage 00157ca4 1000, 
  this is just a stab in the dark , so make sure to check if it works & that you can call in minutemen again before overwriting your saves . 
  playing with power armor sounds and better power armor overhaul ( nexus is down right now so i ca n't link ) . 
  the latter mod makes it so you do n't take any damage while your power armor is in good condition ( except from some things like deathclaws ) . 
  the only problem is that i had to tweak it a bit myself , because it was way too overpowered by default . 
  the good news is that it appears to work with any dlc/modded power armor . 
  i 'm using the one with '' - normal '' at the end only , i do n't recall any update/optional files . 
  noticed the lag with exploding ammo in vanilla too . 
  still , are you using anything like enb or reshade ? 
   go play the main storyline and talk to caesar . 
  join up with the legion . 
  its weird how quickly you 'll go like `` huh he 's not so bad . '', 
  and that sort of changes the whole game and what the discussion is about . 
  the ncr stops being the good guys hampered by typical politics to being kind of shitbags . 
  they have sharecroppers , they have a person who keeps getting elected president over and over and over without fail , they have a large military presence and hit squads they 'll send after people they do n't like . 
  caesar 's legion has slaves , but outside of that and crucifixion they 're not that different from the ncr . 
  they 'd brutal , but everyone is brutal . 
  and there 's a weirdly compelling argument against democracy within the fallout universe , since a democracy is what lead to this nuclear holocaust in the first place . 
  complains about the ncr being bad because they rig their elections . 
  then says that democracy is bad . 
  what ? 
  incredible how many people ca n't tell that the legion in nv is evil .
