  why even publish anything if you need to keep so many secrets ? 
  fallout 4 sleep paralysis ? 
  i had an old lg optimus p990 with an early version of the app already installed . 
  i could switch between apps and turn off the screen while the video kept playing . 
  i updated the youtube app because videos sometimes failed to load ... and then i could n't switch between apps anymore . 
  i feel like i just read the answer to the question `` what would hitler be doing if he had been born in 1990 ? '', 
   my theory, 
   its starting to feel, 
   whats that quote ? 
  speculation , feelings , and a random quote to back it all up . 
  good work , detective . 
  i just hope they get a little more help from bethesda if they get to make another one . 
  some of the designs in nv were awful . 
  it 's not allowed to not like nv around here . 
  perhaps you fell on a bullet ? 
  thanks for the warning . 
  saves are in documents/my games/fallout4 for me . 
  did you turn cloud sync back on before it happened ? 
  because i turned it off for the same reason . 
  open the console ( '' ~ '' key usually ) and click on danse with your mouse . 
  there should be a number in the middle of the screen . 
  ( something like 0008bfe [ ep ] ) make sure you got him , best to do it outside . 
  in interiors you might accidentally select a layer of fog . 
  type in `` showinventory '' ( no quotation marks ) and press enter . 
  you should see the power armor items with numbers in brackets behind each item . 
  type in `` equipitem < number  '' . 
  for example something like, 
  again , the number is listed behind each item . 
  repeat for each armor part . 
  just wanted to share this as i just had to figure this out . 
  this could go two ways . . 
  try a pulse grenade . 
  not sure if that works on synths though, 
  how did you do that ? 
  also i bet she still talks to you as you walk across the bridge . 
  makes sense . 
  she has n't asked me to do that yet . 
  are you sure ` chair ' is n't code for ` jet ' ? 
  i knew i heard something fly over my head in the fog ... 
  it only means that you killed all enemies in that location . 
  ~ ~ but it does n't even mean that there are no enemies . 
  they can respawn ( in most locations ) and it will still keep the [ cleared ] tag . ~ ~, 
  edit : corrected , sorry . 
  i was certain that it didnt remove the cleared thing ever . 
  also : i noticed that it says cleared when you 've killed the ` boss ' in that location . 
  usually the guy by the chest that contains the good stuff . 
  @question # 2 : yes you can, 
  i hope you 're right . 
  and i hope op 's settlement has a deathclaw pit if true, 
  when you go into one of the buildings ( i believe it 's right behind op in the pic ) there is a scripted event in which a raider enters the building . 
  might be that mourning raider . 
  ca n't see anything wrong with the load order . 
  i 'd try disabling all crafting workbenches mods and armorsmith extended . 
  see if that works . 
  if it does , enable them again one by one . 
   the emotions are n't real , just something the synths were told to feel in order to make an illusion legitimate . 
  how can you tell the difference between real emotions and fake emotions if even the synth ca n't tell ? 
  i do n't know of any free software i 'm afraid but there are two popular options :, 
  1 ) if you 're using photoshop you might want to look at quixel : www.quixel.se . 
  they recently released version 2.0 . 
  2 ) a more expensive ( standalone ) option is [ substance painter ] ( https://www.allegorithmic.com/products/substance-painter ) . 
  i think there is a 30 day trial too, 
  you might be able to connect it to a siren so it only turns on when the siren is turned on too . 
  but i have n't tried this yet . 
  similar concept : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgaee27nsqw, 
  i loved everything about that game except the combat . 
  i got killed by drowners all the time , early in the game . 
  did n't know how to go on . 
  which is a shame because i really wanted to get to the next part of the story . 
  good guess . 
  somebody also found a harpoon weapon left in the game : http://www.nexusmods.com/fallout4/mods/1619/ ? 
  i believe mike collins said that in the documentary in the shadow of the moon, 
   hawk carrying snake hits power line , sparks 4-acre fire, 
  i hope for sean penn that el chapo sees that as his own fault . . 
  thanks , i had the same question . 
  here 's the excellent blood dragon trailer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dofacvjrkc, 
  i went in july but had a friend who could speak russian . 
  i ca n't really tell you if people are racist because we 're both very white , but people were generally friendly . 
  when people heard us speak english they would be curious but definitely not hostile . 
  france is worse according to this :, 
  and definitely get a small travel guide with translations into russian , but you probably know this , 
  really ? 
  i think it actually looks really fast compared to other robotic limbs i 've seen . 
  you know the ones that seem to behave exactly like those claw crane games ? 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't do that, 
  i actually wanted to do it when i got the fan , but all the guides i found assumed a ton of prior knowledge ... so i still do n't know where to begin, 
  thanks !, 
  looks like i need to set aside time to learn overclocking after all . 
  light interacting with a drinking glass ? 
  this is much better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bifmj1o3d24, 
  i played the witcher 3 twice , each time for about 2 hours . 
  i think i gave the game a fair shake . 
  i did n't continue because i could n't stand the combat/gameplay . 
  ( could n't deal with any of the fights even on easiest difficulty ) . 
  went online to see if i 'm the only one who had a problem with the gameplay - and found out that i am merely too brain-damaged to understand the game . 
  ( what did i expect ? ), 
  apparently having fun with a game is n't important but it should really be an intellectual challenge . 
  that being said i did like the quest ... 
  i liked that it made me empathize with an ` evil ' character . 
  it also had a different ending both times i played .
