   has any game actually turned out to be worth it 's release price ? 
  hahahah , no , of course not !, 
  arrrrr, 
  it 's a beta , of course it 's not fixed . 
  bethesda has a forum where you should share this to get it fixed ~ ~ ( ca n't link now , i 'm on mobile ) ~ ~, 
  edit : https://community.bethesda.net/community/fallout/fallout-4/survival-beta, 
   you just described the bethesda game development 101 tactics, 
  the funny thing is , if they never released mod tools & made mods impossible , people would n't be saying this . 
  their games would still be successful and fun . 
  dae adding * butts and boobs furry edition * is literally the only way to fix this shitty , broken game ? 
  looks like a bug a lot of people have been complaining about . 
  i think you 're seeing the low level of detail model , which should only display when you 're far away from the building . 
  perhaps it will be fixed with patch 1.5 ? 
  this is an atrocity, 
  as far as i know they colorize the textures dynamically in the material . 
  you can still make unique variations , but i do n't know how to add them, 
  if i counted correctly there were 23 weekends since release , which amounts to 1104 * weekend * hours . 
  so the person with 1487.5 hours played for 48 hours each weekend + roughly 16 more days . 
  or more than 106 days , 14 hours a day , which is probably more time than i spent on my job since the release of fallout 4 . 
  what the fuck, 
  i 'd hate the game too if i had played it for that long, 
  edit : i would still recommend my job though, 
  i heard the game was buried in the same landfill as the industry 's standards and ethics, 
   10 $ per game , 1.2 mln + sold , yes i would work for such a ` small ' amount any day . 
  i have no idea how business works but i believe developers make billions of dollars on each game , so it 's fine if everyone pirates it, 
  they did n't endorse the unofficial patch but it is available on the nexus . 
  bethesda allowed ck beta users to upload mods to third party sites . 
  i 'm sure this is what the op meant by `` with bethesda 's blessing '' . 
  not a programmer but a 3d artist working on games . 
  i wonder if there 's a way to use neural networks to help with optimizing 3d models ( and do other related tasks ) for games . 
  this might be too demanding for a home computer but who knows . 
  i could think of a few applications in this area . 
  for example : could a neural network capture a ( tiling ) black and white pattern image from something like this ? 
  i made something like this although a lot smaller . 
  made it because settlers would steal guns and ammo from my lockers when attacks happened . 
  even better if you add a powered speaker to turn on when the door is open ( adjust the sound length/interval using a terminal ) . 
  that way i never forget to close the door when i leave . 
  i do n't get the logic of saying it 's `` incomplete '' and you 're not buying the game because of a day 1 dlc . 
  what 's the difference between offering the game for $ 60 + 1 dlc for $ 2 , and offering the game + dlc for a little more than $ 60 ? 
  i assume people think the game is done and about to be sold for $ 60 , and then somebody says `` let 's cut a bit out of the game and sell it for an additional $ 2 '' . 
  but that is not how it works, 
  the last update apparently added new keywords ( i.e. 
  workshop item categories ) that hinted at armor and weapon racks in far harbor, 
   normally i hate dlc ... 
  but witcher 3 delivered a complete game , and hearts of stone only made it better . 
  people keep bringing this up in arguments about dlc ... `` a complete game '' . 
  by now i 'm pretty sure it works like this :, 
  game i like = dlcs are good, 
  game i do n't like = dlcs should have been part of the game, 
  doesnt solve it actually, 
  also the wifi connector is still recognized by my os but now wont connect to any network ( pulled it out and plugged it back in ) did the ram trash my system ? 
  pc with this mobo has been running without any such issues for roughly 3 years . 
  never had a problem with the usb wifi since i bought it, 
  yes . 
  i dont think there is a serious hardware failure tbh . 
  it seems like the last problem left is the wifi not working ( which causes the mouse driver issue ) . 
  the monitor cable just broke in the worst moment , between two reboots.perhaps i accidentally changed the usb connections and that caused it ? 
  or the ram / hardware change somehow did it, 
  still cant make the wifi work though ... it just keeps asking for passwords but wont connect, 
  solved it . 
  looks like it had nothing to do with the ram . 
  the usb wifi adapter could n't connect to any network - not even on my other computer . 
  this led to a bunch of other problems like razer synapse ( terrible mouse driver that needs to connect to the internet for some reason ) not working correctly . 
  i had to change the network password on my router to fix it . 
  no idea why that was necessary because i did n't touch my router and i still had other devices connected to the same network at the time, 
  / uj this is why i 'm looking forward to it . 
  point lookout was my favorite location in any of bethesda 's games so far . 
  it might be my favorite location of any game i 've played . 
  i completely understand why bethesda would want to do a `` swamp location '' again . 
  / rj creative freedom only applies when i like it, 
  for those of you who do n't know what he looks like ( he 's the one on the right ) : http://i.imgur.com/smrghuy.jpg, 
  that may be the dumbest thing i 've read in my life so far, 
  i do n't like the witcher circlejerk , but i ca n't hate cdpr for that . 
  the hate on dlcs - but not expansions which are 100 % the same - is not rational . 
  so why not use different words if it magically pleases the audience ? 
  clickbait ... the screenshot they tweeted clearly says `` for illustration purposes only '', 
  ok thanks . 
  premium is a little expensive for one download though . 
  i might try to redownload it until it works . 
  maybe he 's just trying to make up for the use of his private jet ? 
  as somebody who works on video games , i 've often thought about this . 
  i noticed that bethesda links to mental health help on their forums , which i think is interesting . 
  games are often a refuge for depressed people and i 'm aware of that . 
  it 's what makes me conflicted about piracy : i 've pirated myself and never thought it was right . 
  but working in the industry now i do n't want to be someone 's dealer . 
  i do n't want to be the reason you sell your fridge so you can afford another $ 60 game . 
  edit : i 'm also drunk right now . 
  do n't beg other junkies for help, 
  edit2 i actually saved the first eidt , i didnt know, 
  people should sometimes ask themselves if they 'd be comfortable showing their parents the posts they make, 
  it 's part of the homemaker mod, 
   the shape is no longer round it has sharp angles, 
  most likely missing / wrong smoothing groups . 
  happens in a lot of 3d software packages when you separate a mesh into different items and then put it back together . 
  i would also try checking the material assignments ( perhaps reassign them ) , and uv maps, 
  looks like it does use the subway light material . 
  but you would n't do this in the bgsm file ( i doubt you even can ) . 
  you 'd just uv map the conduit model to use that part of the texture . 
  you can export the texture using archive2 which comes with the ck . 
  it 's in your fallout4/tools folder .
