  jon and dany will survive and possibly get the throne , but there will be little left to rule over . 
  iirc , dnd called him `` frankenmountain '' on the dvd commentary, 
  rhaegar and lyanna , robb and talisa , jamie and cersei , even tyrion and shae ( which is probably the reason he killed tywin ) are all examples of this . 
  all of those relationships were really bad for the people of westeros at least . 
  ( cersei probably would n't be queen if tywin had n't been killed ), 
  right after the meeting , when cersei talks to jamie , she says she would n't trust `` the man who murdered our father '' . 
  in light of this it seems very unlikely that cersei would trust tyrion * and * dany with her child 's life . 
  when they 're back at dragonstone tyrion and jorah are clearly upset because dany does n't listen to them , only to jon . 
  i think this is what the scene on the boat is all about . 
  my guess is that tyrion told cersei to lie so that dany will go north to help jon . 
  he knows fighting the dead is more important than taking the iron throne . 
  i think jon might have a problem with it for a short while , if only for tv drama . 
  but i doubt it 'll last . 
  jamie will arrive and remind of that `` we love whom we love '', 
  i do n't think cersei trusts tyrion enough for any kind of deal . 
  but i think he might have told cersei to lie to dany and the rest , so they would go north . 
  perhaps to buy enough time for cersei to give birth to her last child . 
  if he had n't , dany would have stayed in the south , taken king 's landing and no doubt roasted cersei ( still pregnant ) just like the tarlys . 
  i think this is the most tyrion could do , because it 's obvious that cersei does n't trust tyrion or even dany . 
  but tyrion knows that dany would n't kill a newborn child . 
  and that 's just part 1 . 
  part two is another 2 hours . 
  i 've seen shorter documentaries summing up the entirety of ww2 . 
  and i do n't think it was supposed to be a proper trial either . 
  do people really think arya and sansa would have let him walk away after a trial by combat ? 
  sansa did n't even respond when lf asked for an opportunity to defend himself . 
  yea , it 's already quite bitter when you think about it . 
  so many people have already died . 
  why would jon and/or dany have to die next season ? 
  jon falling in love with his own aunt could be considered bittersweet too . 
  it 's probably why he volunteered to get roasted , too . 
  from the way the sex scene/aegon reveal scene was cut together it certainly looks like they wanted us to feel conflicted about it . 
  they might have underestimated how jaded a lot of viewers would be after 6 seasons of jamie/cersei twincest . 
   and looking at the others , they do n't have so much focus to make them that sweet part, 
  i agree 100 % . 
  and they have to kill a lot of them i think . 
  without at least some death the final battles would have no gravity at all . 
  so with that in mind it would be difficult to kill jon or dany without making the ending tragic . 
  bran wargs into the night king as he is created , arya stabs bran in the heart , killing both bran and the night king . 
  i do n't think we ever saw him smile like that again . 
  pure joy . 
  i think they bent the knee to her ? 
  dany would n't say no to that . 
  i actually like that they kept him . 
  makes sense . 
  i believe he was one of the khal 's bloodriders ( ? ) . 
  she killed their khal , so now they follow her . 
  this whole dothraki succession thing might get awkward next season if night king kills dany . 
  good catch . 
  dany knows her dothraki law . 
  tl ; dr devs are lying to us , they do n't really need the money from dlc because it did n't cost anything to develop, 
  hmm , i wonder why no company responds to this kind of nonsense, 
  google image search ca n't find those images anywhere else . 
  if it 's real , it looks like it 's going to be linear not open world . 
  she 's even burned herself twice . 
  she 's very committed . 
  `` every ambitious move is a gamble '' . 
  littlefinger was never as smart ( in the show at least , do n't remember what he was like in the books ) as some people are saying . 
  he was always in danger , and his situation became more dangerous with every move he made . 
  * cat wanted to kill him when he went to her after ned 's execution . 
  she did n't , but only because he brought her ned 's body . 
  he had no idea if that would work . 
  * he asked sansa why she lied for him after he had killed lysa arryn . 
  which means he did n't actually plan that very well . 
  * in the end he was right about one thing : knowledge is power . 
  he would still be alive if it was n't for bran , who knows pretty much everything, 
  there is a difference . 
  dany looks at hundreds of crucified children , then gets angry and has the people she thinks are guilty executed . 
  she reacts similarly after selmy 's death and again when she burns the tarlys . 
  that 's her character flaw . 
  she is vengeful . 
  i agree , and we learn very little about hizdahr 's father too . 
  he was probably around for longer than just the crucifixions of those children . 
  for all we know about him he could have wanted them beheaded instead of crucified . 
  but i did n't actually want to judge if dany was right or wrong about it . 
  part of what i like about the show/books is that the characters are n't either pure good or pure evil . 
  i 'd say dany is * much * more good than evil despite her flaws . 
  my point was really only that she is clearly no sociopath , because a sociopath would n't even care for vengeance . 
  qyburn was nearly killed by the boltons ( who served the lannisters ) and he did n't even care for justice for his own attempted murder . 
  i noticed that too actually . 
  i think it might just be the nature of the character . 
  they did n't want him to have dialogue and we know next to nothing about him . 
  yet he 's important because he is incredibly powerful . 
  i think that just naturally makes him seem like an extra . 
  if the dragons were played by stuntmen in poorly made dragon costumes you 'd probably see them the same way . 
  i 'm willing to bet that we 'll actually find out more about him next season . 
  did n't they say something about three major events/plot twists ? 
  iirc two were supposed to be shireen and hodor . 
  and maybe one involving the mysterious villain from all the way back when it started ? 
  seems like a good bet to me that it would involve him in some way . 
  but even if that does n't happen , it would just be odd for this show to let jon/dany and the rest kill him and end the war against the dead . 
  would n't that feel a bit anticlimactic ? 
  dr. bronn says it 's terminal & hopeless, 
  yea i think people have the wrong impression that everyone just dies in this show . 
  grrm even noted that there are plenty of characters still alive in the books , while the show has killed them, 
  is it somehow possible to set different default download locations for specific websites ? 
  example : everything downloaded from cgtextures.com ( and all sub pages/domains ) is automatically saved to downloads/cgtextures instead of in the ( parent ) download folder, 
  this would be really helpful to me . 
  i could n't find any help or apps to do this . 
  edit : i 'm sorry i forgot the [ help ] tag .
