no kurds in spain ? 
  yeah , you do n't have to be nationalistic to feel like that  nordics are not nationalistic at all yet i always hear about them going to asia for a year or two and ending up spending all their time with other nordics haha, 
  haha yeah i suppose it must look a bit strange from the outside !, 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  if you suddenly realise that everyone around you are weirdos you 'll want to find someone who is atleast somewhat similar to you . 
  oh wow that guy eats burek too , hey let 's be friends !, 
  nothing weirder than that it 'll happen to balkans too when they realise how globalized the world is, 
  meh , amongst the diaspora there is heavy pan-balkanism , there is hope for that region aswell, 
  but if she wanted children very badly and i did n't , then she would n't marry me even though she loved me . 
  looks like the protester settings from the gurbet video, 
  lmao look at the stupid brown greeks who ca n't speak english amiright, 
  why not ? 
  i love my mother but i do n't want to live with her, 
   i can hardly endure the swedish summer . 
  this summer is freezing though , you must be filled with joy now !, 
  may is a god compared to our blob of a welder , he can barely speak either swedish or english , or any other language for that reason either, 
  not a greek alive care if they have turkish or arabic blood lmao what does it matter, 
  greeks were never invaders though, 
  oh wow you are absolutely correct !, 
  had to check it up on a map , did n't know ukraine was so big !, 
  i apologise !, 
  between slovakia and ukraine ? 
  edit : apparently there is one , i learnt something new today !, 
  haha i 'd be happy to change them some refugees with one or two drunk brits !, 
  people do n't really know much about the name dispute , hence they just call it macedonia . 
  if you explain the situation for them i have only heard people taking the greek side, 
  what ? 
  i do n't think anyone in the world does not take greece side here, 
  everyone in here in on way or another belongs to some fringe group . 
  i 've never met an actual eu federalist yet here the majority seems to be . 
  so do n't take this sub as a representative for anything , 
  what is so bad about the dup that they are worse than allowing extremism to fester ... ? 
  i 'm certain you are :p, 
  yeah but they 're on our side atleast !, 
  haha i think this must be the first time i 've ever seen a eurodance defener, 
  ah i see well then it is reasonable , 
  so do you have to live in the uk ? 
  or could i just convince one million australian socialists to vote corbyn or one million canadian conservatives to vote may and they could vote from home ? 
  interesting . 
  do you have any numbers on how commonwealth citizens vote ? 
  and do any of the parties ever campaign to them ? 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  why can canadians vote in uk elections ? 
  can australians , new zealanders do the same ? 
  bojna \u010davoglave is absolute fire though, 
  do n't be a dick my friend . 
  it 's not my fault you are short, 
  without discussion there will be no progress on anything , 
  best of luck to you my friend , 
  fuck , that was the word that escaped my tongue !, 
  you 're absolutely correct that is what i meant, 
  i feel you man . 
  you working on getting out of there ? 
  many people refuse to recognize this unfortunately . 
  i got to spend a lot of time with a lot of moroccans and met many strange , wonderful , kind and fun people . 
  but the ignorance among that group of people was absolutely staggering , and i could never fathom myself living in a culture like that . 
  it 's not too uncommon amongst iranian diaspora tbh . 
  some things are usually a common denominator for the ones who fled khomeini in the past ( bear in mind i speak in broad terms here ) : 1 - they were all very cosmopolitan , educated 2 - they were highly secular 3 - they were pretty much obsessed with the west and in particular , usa ( there is a reason they call la `` teherangeles '' basically , irans westernisation failed and those who stood behind it fled to the west and became ... westerners !, 
  they 're perfectly integrated , and really identify nothing at all with what others see as `` middle eastern '' . 
  i see it often with persian diaspora . 
  many of us other immigrant born people are descended from conservative illiterate goat herders and things like that , but iranian 2nd/3rd generationers are often descendant from doctors , engineers , socialists , monarchists etc. 
  hence they sometimes tend to `` look down '' on other middle easterners since they want to distance themselves from them . 
  i 'm reminded of the german/iranian kid who shot up a bunch of turkish people in a mcdonalds shouting `` i am german !! '' . 
  from other middle eastern friends i 've learnt they have a reputation of `` whoring themselves to the swedes '' ... hell , my girlfriends mother even said to her once that `` whatever you do , do n't marry an iranian man and i will be proud of you '' . 
  only my observations of course , 
  i know :( ( (, 
  do n't ruin my dreams mr kriti :(, 
  haha ayy nice my current girlfriend is also iranian !, 
  high five although she is the very opposite of what you 're describing , typical bourgeoise `` both of my parents are doctors , i 'm an atheist and hate middle easterners '' type of iranian ... 
  i used to have this impression too but i do n't really think it is . 
  no one really cares if anyone waves a flag people are just not very interested in doing it, 
  she was way too intense for my mellow swedish heart to handle unfortunately, 
  if you proclaim rome as first among equals instead of ruler of everyone else i would gladly do so < 3, 
  she was here studying alone so it was n't a very traditional family to begin with . 
  they were very secular and academics and did n't really care whether i was muslim or not, 
  holy fuck no but i looked it up on youtube hahah wtf is wrong with people ?? 
  here i thought cretans were crazy with their shotguns ... yeah if there is something i 've learnt through the years it is to only cheat on european women ... 
  the dream, 
  i am a man ... 
  hahah this was all in sweden unfortunately and i am in a new relationship now , but i will keep that in mind if it goes awry !, 
  what is special about them ? 
  no she only had a sister fortunately, 
  i 'm glad people are concerned because they should be when such heinous crimes are committed . 
  i 'm just saying that if they found out a group of foreigners did the same in poland , romania , greece etc. 
  you 'd have seen their communities burned to the ground the very same day . 
  i 'm not saying that 's how we should always react i 'm just saying that muttering about it and being displeased does n't always help if no action is taken, 
  i mean yeah , it starts off with you waking up to a crazy hot woman making you couscous naked in her kitchen every sunday , then 6 months later she is threatening you with a knife for liking your sisters instagram photos ... 
  as someone with a ( french born ) moroccan ex : in all honesty berber culture is just really violent and extreme , not just in regards to religion ... 
  i think pakistanis are overrepresented in `` low intensity terrorism '' , like pushing out non pakistanis from their communities , these gangrapes you are talking about and spreading racist rumours about non pakistanis and making themselves untouchable in the community , things like that . 
  unfortunately many people only see problems with high intensity terrorism , so these issues do n't gather as much attention ... 
  why does it seem like the romanian orthodox church is involved with lots of sketchy stuff unrelated to religion ? 
  i once heard a story about priests barging in to houses forcing people to kiss their icons and then charging them for it , i mean wtf i am orthodox myself but that 's just too much priests should n't be doing that kind of stuff bummer , i though the church was actually popular in romania ... 
  not everyone sees it as you do, 
  that 's a result of it , the point of it is to reduce murders on unborn children, 
  also curious : how about greece ? 
  i know many greeks like russia , and i wonder if the feelings are mutual . 
  how is greece and greeks seen in russia ? 
  best regards !, 
  dancing around the fire sounds pretty cool tbh, 
  thing is people have been saying this stuff since the 70s/80s , atleast give them some credit that they were right,
