  i see i see . 
  horrible to see people so on edge, 
  i heard it from my friend like 30 minutes ago , apparently someone threw a banger and it caused panic ? 
  some people are so stupid ... 
  it does so, 
  why not ? 
  spain is a very rich country , be happy for poland !, 
  even turkey is more sensible than us in this regard jesus christ, 
  are there alcohol in the supermarkets in turkey ? 
  we do n't have the same `` campus '' structure atleast in sweden . 
  the humanities are surely as retarded here as in the us but no one cares because they are holed up in their own building , just as the rest of us are holed up in our own buildings . 
  what they do do n't matter to the rest because we are here to study after all not play politics or whatever . 
  i did study humaniora 6 months and it was horrible lmao . 
  no we 're not . 
  us has a lot of flaws but it 's still the shit . 
  why on earth would someone go to estonia for girls when there are italian girls right next to them ? 
  you do n't paint your icons in gay colours during liturgy ? 
  fucking mother country abandoing all our traditions ... 
  yeah , everyone knows your name is mehmet, 
  well no one goes shopping in the middle of the day either . 
  not everyone is a farmer , just stay inside during the day and go outside in the morning/evening, 
  why would this have anything to do with anti racism ? 
  it is racism pure and simple . 
  could we stop pretending racism is something only europeans do , 500 years of turkish oppression , slavery and rapes of balkanic peoples would like to disagree, 
  not really !, 
  i do n't feel i get as much out of my tax money as some danes here say . 
  my education was awful ( and sweden is under the oecd median ) , the healthcare system is an absolute mess ( i study medicine and my girlfirends parents are both doctors so i have some insight in this ) , i absolutely do not feel secure here ; there have been multiple cases of gang rape in my small town of like 200.000 people , even in the centrum !, 
  do you think i feel safe with my girlfrend walking alone to the central station when there are gangs of gypsies roaming around and moroccan street children living in the tunnels below ? 
  no thank you it is not worth it , i want out of here . 
  the bus system and stuff is pretty great though, 
  i 've been to florida in the summer , was not so bad , 30-35c is totally tolerable , it is when you get to above 40 it gets real bad, 
  well yes of course the winter is what i am talking about :p, 
  people always want what they do n't have . 
  i will gladly change places with you , even though it 's pretty nice with 25c where i am atm, 
  i always hear this but i never agree . 
  i have spent most my summers in extreme greek heat and yeah it can be a pain but cold as fuck is a loot worse . 
  does n't matter if i put on a lot of clothes and heat up my house , it is still only artificial warmth and i still feel cold inside , and all my freedom is gone since i ca n't just go out without insulating myself and walking like a penguin , getting snow in my shoes unless i walk in some enormous boots etc. 
  it 's such a hassle but to each their own !, 
   edit : oh yeah , and it is dark.all.the.time . 
  which is just so depressing it 's indescribable, 
  yeah true , the mines right ? 
  people must be very weird to voluntarily live there, 
  people who are not refugees can easily act like it and get protection we should n't have to give them 2 . 
  no one should be considered refugee if they are not in the 1st safe country next to the warzone they are from, 
  yes, 
  i do n't agree, 
  if it 's made for different times then it should be ammended obviously ? 
  just like the refugee laws that were made in the 50s are n't applicable to our days . 
  not all laws are set in stone , and thank god for that else we 'd have a lot of outdated laws still in effect, 
  yes , the mexicans are surely stopping their border crossing because education is getting worse in the us ... what some european phd students do is irrelevant when it comes to illegal border crossings into the us, 
  which is pretty insane imo, 
  well he is doing a pretty shit job if that is his objective :p, 
  trump is n't really `` no foreigners please '' either , both sides are exaggerated to make it easier to understand, 
  yes , let 's shield a million people from the most sexist and racist places in the world , i 'm sure their morals are all fine and dandy , and then turn our back to the polish who still in a global sense are very liberal . . why are you a racist scumbag who hates poland ? 
  yeah , i think actual religion is very dead in europe , religion is coming back in some societies but it is going to be tied to nationalism , like in russia/serbia/greece etc. 
  i think mr greek is talking about industrial countries . 
  in 3rd world non industrialised countries yes more poverty = more children . 
  in the 1st world this is not true though . 
  sweden/france/uk etc. 
  tend to have higher birthrates ( even if you discount the immigrants driving it up a bit ) than for example greece or eastern europe , where there is economic turmoil at the moment, 
  condoms are shit though , pills are much better, 
  europeans then, 
  check his flair , see that he is swedish , report him for spam . 
  rinse and repeat, 
   whose regime kills infants every single day ehh ? 
  as if we do n't always do that haha, 
  i know many anarchists in greece and they 're not the kind of people you 'd want on your side to create a good society . 
  they enjoy violence for the sake of violence and go riot and then complain how unfairly they are treated by police the next day . 
  their literal goal is to bring down the state , how can they not be considered idiots ? 
  no only nazis are nazi , anarchist are anarchist . 
  i 'm just saying they suck, 
  their ulterior motives are still shit and they should be treated like shit . 
  \u03c7p\u03c5\u03c3\u03b7 \u03b1\u03c5\u03b3\u03b7 did the same and they are still nazi shitheads, 
  never said that lol , why was i downvoted ? 
  meh , many of us who grew up middle class do n't feel swedish either, 
  but he is half european , looks like a european , is born in europe , talks a european language as his mothertongue - why is he more of a non european than a european ? 
  to the rest of the world there is zero difference between you and british people sorry . 
  just like norwegians and swedes are the same people, 
  i 'll never get how you anglos count race, 
  ah i see , thought you were the same guy sorry, 
  that does n't make him non white lol, 
  what ? 
  he looks extremely white in the picture, 
  oh get over yourself you big baby, 
  in my experience people do n't know much about greece other than the resorts they have visited so it is very much western europe in their minds, 
  definitely !, 
  i remember having an iraqi friend home for dinner as a kid and him blurting out `` how did you learn to make arabic food ?? '', 
  to my mother haha, 
  makes sense !, 
  ehh ask random people on the street and i bet most of them would call greece part of western europe . 
  but you have a point , greece is west , balkan , south , east all at the same time, 
  haha , no way westerners have it in them to put someone in the hospital , black or white, 
  why is greece such an outlier compared to the rest of the west ? 
  the first time sure , he is at fault for being the aggressor . 
  the 2nd time you should 've been more wary . 
  the 3rd time you 've made yourself a victim by not standing up for yourself . 
  the first time sure , he is at fault for being the aggressor . 
  the 2nd time you should 've been more wary . 
  the 3rd time you 've made yourself a victim by not standing up for yourself . 
  the first time sure , he is at fault for being the aggressor .
