they have the wrong map and ca n't even spell the last name of a very famous scientist , and it 's not even that difficult name . 
  bbc really went south it seems . 
  that 's nikola tesla , not nikola telsa that is on that picture . 
  it clearly says it 's nikola telsa power plant . 
  do n't know who he is though . 
  also that map is very interesting . 
  completely wrong , but interesting . 
  is everyone on bbc drugged ? 
  what is going on ? 
  first balkans in africa and now this ... 
   there were rumors in hungarian press that the croatians might channel off the waters in the drava into an artificial lake in order to decrease water levels ( some parts are only 1.5-2 m deep ) so that migrants can cross it on foot . 
  gon na need a source for that , because it 's retarded as hell . 
  there is no way anyone even thought of that ... 
  i do n't know who 's crazier ; yellow press on all sides , or politicians on all sides . 
  i hope a grown up will come and slap some sense into everyone . 
  why are you so mad ? 
  it 's not like we can stop them short of shooting them or putting them in concentration camps with armed guards . 
  they want to go to the promised land of germany and the best we can do is give them some food and water and send them on their way ... 
  i 'm just being facetious . 
  it 's funny how everyone is blaming everyone else , being on their high horse , while being completely unprepared/unwilling to stop them . 
  so austria caves in at 350 , while just yesterday they were giving us shit for caving at 20 000 refugees . 
  interesting . 
   by that logic , any sort of ruling in any venue is invalid so long as one of the sides dislikes it . 
   any sort of ruling in any venue that was made by judges/jury that have been bought by one side and it 's proven beyond any doubt is invalid . 
  this is one of the oldest olive trees in croatia . 
  [ stara maslina ] ( https://imgur.com/4cuvjjx ) in the [ national park brijuni ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brijuni ) is over 1600 years old and it still gives fruit and they make around 4 liters of olive oil every year . 
  [ spiders rain down from the sky ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/2015/05/150518-spiders-australia-silk-webs-animals-environment/ ), 
  i 'm talking about normal people and neighbours , not governments or butthurt nationalists . 
  that 's not really true . 
  this fence has no purpose other than posing/sending a message . 
  they put it on croatian - slovenian border in istria where there are only mountains , and no one ever put a fence there , not even the nazis , fascist or communists . 
  there is absolutely no chance whatsoever that any refugee from wherever will go over mountain \u0106i\u0107arija ever . 
  all this fence will do is kill wildlife and ruin very good relations between neighbours . 
  it 's an idiotic decision from slovenian government and there is no excuse for it . 
  they have lighted the cranes in french flag colours in my city as well : [ lighting giants pula ] ( https://imgur.com/17lcwjm ), 
  wait a minute !, 
  in war40k lore the emperor of mankind is from anatolia and is already alive in our times . 
  [ could it be ? 
  they are n't at risk , apple is making bank in eu and whining is the only thing they will do . 
  besides , give 0.005 % tax rate to all sme and they will generate way more jobs than apple ever will . 
  sounds like hungarian optimism as usual . 
   he said groups fighting pro-assad forces rather than isis were struggling to access arms . 
  `` if you say that you are fighting isis you will get whatever you want but if you say that you are fighting against the regime no one cares about you . '' sounds like eastern euros have their priorities in order tbh . 
  but seriously , if anyone thinks all this is done without a green light from the big daddy usa is delusional . 
  to syria ? 
  probably none . 
  but none of the countries mentioned in that article exported a cent worth of weapons to syria either . 
  a short google search will show germany exported billions of $ worth of weapons to saudi arabia and other middle eastern countries . 
  so why can germany do it , and slovakia or croatia or serbia ca n't ? 
  if it 's 8 am , and there is no one there except 500 towels taking the whole beach , it 's not exactly hard to differentiate . 
  plenty of them in croatia and bosnia , basically the whole dinaric alps . 
  the averages are around 30 c . but the last few years we had 40 + for several weeks . 
  last year it was a heat wave for almost a month at 40 + with high humidity . 
  i did n't have ac since i just moved , and i wanted to kill myself ( figuratively  ) . 
  yes , i have it at home as well . 
  in the adriatic croatia ( the parts that have mediterranean climate ) almost everyone has ac at home even though houses/buildings also have very thick walls ( ~ 1 m on older ones ) and the isolation is pretty good . 
  when you have heat of 40 + c for weeks , and 30 + for months it 's simply needed . 
  gulf stream or not , the climate is completely different . 
  eastern us is also influenced by the gulf stream . 
  you ca n't compare climate in bergen , norway with phoenix , arizona and then claim how norwegians are masterrace because they use less ac . 
  kind of pointless smug article . 
  most of europe is at canada latitude , and us is far more to the south . 
  i know that at least in adriatic croatia almost everyone uses air-conditioning . 
  in summer , we routinely have 40 + degrees c days at high humidity . 
  try working in those conditions without air-conditioning . 
  i know it 's different in scandinavia where 20 c is considered `` hell is melting '' temperature , but if they had 40 + c for weeks on end everyone would use ac just like in us . 
  i was there . 
   you can see my boat at 3:28 ... 
  all i 'm saying is i 'd rather see female boobs than some fat guy boobs . 
  and the fact that the latter is ok , but the former is n't , bothers me . 
  they should , yes . 
  why is this even a question ? 
  as a work animal they almost went extinct in the 1980s , but then we found out how tasty they are . 
  now they are doing fine . 
  no , it sounds terrible , but it 's tradition , so ... 
  soaring like the hindenburg ... 
  never going to happen . 
  politicians always blame `` outsiders '' and `` foreign influences '' for their failures and take credit for themselves , regardless if they deserve the actual credit . 
  it was always like this . 
  here in croatia , for everything bad it was always the fault of vienna/budapest ( during austria-hungary ) , belgrade ( during yugoslavia ) , now it 's bruxelles/eu , or zagreb if the politicians are local . 
  if you 're thinking about dalmatian coat of arms , they are supposed to be leopards , but the artist kind of fucked up so they look like lions . 
  most black people croatians meet are either tourists , exchange students or professionals working on some project . 
  when it comes to croatia ( and slovenia i guess ) , the muslim part is green because when that question is asked we think about bosnians which are culturally almost the same as us . 
  i would be perfectly fine with that . 
  i would be very reserved about middle eastern muslims , not because of religion but vastly different cultures . 
  especially if i had a daughter , because of the status women have in that society . 
  plomin in east istria peninsula . 
  happened about 2h ago . 
  it 's hail , not snow . 
  but it was a pretty extreme hailstorm . 
  i 've put some videos , but it was a link from facebook and it got automatically removed . 
  they could channel their inner enrico dandolo and plunder east adriatic . 
  i hear zadar is nice this time of year . 
  about ~ 4500 hectares or ~ 11000 acres so far . 
  why post a mirrored picture though ? 
  edit : by mirrored i mean the city does n't look like that . 
  the marina should be on the left , someone mirrored the picture for unknown reasons . 
  source : i live here and this is just wrong . 
  romanians are common tourists in my city . 
  i guess they really like pula .
