  but he does seem to speak slovene well which is commendable ( obviously he would n't be in his position if he did n't ) . 
  a lot of foreigners here do n't . 
  i did n't realise you lived in slovenia and i really do n't think i 'm going to compare my knowledge of my native tongue to a foreigner . 
  i also do n't appreciate your snide remark towards what you call slovene culture . 
  you may be ahead of the many people here who do n't think twice about speaking serbo-croatian instead of slovene but really , that 's what should be expected of someone coming to our country . 
  that 's nice of you but it does n't make it any more likely that i will accept your definition of who a slovene is . 
  i 've always prefered czechia to the czech republic . 
  the republic part is just weird to me ; we do n't say slovene republic or german federal republic . 
  we call it \u010ce\u0161ka in slovene , too . 
   using a heuristic method to decide whether to speak slovenian or english with the different-looking , different-named or different-whatever person is , worst case , annoying to them , if they 're actually of the same nationality . 
  there are no black slovenes or slovenes named fikret so that 's quite doubtful . 
  this is n't america so you can tell when someone is n't originally from here . 
  and really , most people start with slovene but even those foreigners who have lived here for decades would n't reply in slovene . 
   using heuristic methods to determine any rights , privileges etc. 
  is simply * ism . 
  all citizens get the same rights by the way . 
   and thus my saying that there 's people out there , that look completely non-slovene and have totally non-slovene names and last names , but still speak and write better slovene than most slovenes , still know all the cultural norms as well as any slovene etc. 
  yeah , i 'd like to see that . 
  looks are literally the first thing anyone would go by . 
  of course , it 's harder when it comes to other europeans but that 's where different names and surnames as well as language in general come into play . 
  different ethnicity does n't necessarily mean only the way someone looks . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but where i come from most people have the common sense to be able to tell apart one of us from a foreigner . 
  ethnicity is one of the most important elements though , precisely because it 's something you 're born with . 
  it 's not just a question of culture but language , ethnicity and probably other factors as well . 
  if someone has a german father and a russian mother he is obviously half german half russian . 
  the fact that his ancestors lived in a region that changed rule many times does n't change that . 
  the us and most other american countries ( or possibly all of them , i 'm not sure ) give citizenship to anyone born there but most of the world gives citizenship only to children of their citizens . 
  i do n't really understand how our prime minister could represent a single voting district since parliamentary elections are organised across the country and for a parliament that represents the whole country . 
  if something 's true , why deny it ? 
   i 'm an american who 's never been to europe . 
  says enough . 
  many people say that they 're lazy and thieves because that 's what they are . 
  they live on other people 's land and then feel entitled to water and electricity and they do n't work ( and kick out any gypsy that does find a job ) . 
  they are provided with social support and could all live in normal houses but they would rather live in the middle of the woods . 
  their children run around without shoes and instead of sending them to school , the gypsies raise them to continue the life of crime and vagrancy . 
  but in the end , the holier-than-thou organisations like amnesty international paint gypsies as saints and everyone else a monster . 
  the stereotype of gypsies stealing children and metals ( cooper ) would n't exist if there was n't truth in it . 
  in illegal gypsy settlements , medics only go in with police support and the police do n't act againt gypsy crimes as much as they would against any other crime . 
  i do n't see why i would argue against gypsies being viewed the way they are when there 's every reason to do so . 
  not really . 
  romas and sints are gypsies but some random hobo is not . 
  lol , i thought this cultural appropriation nonsense was an american thing . 
  sami are probably the last europeans i 'd imagine complaining about it . 
  usually , people grow different sorts of flowers and vegetables . 
  in the cities where people do n't have gardens , many own small plots of land outside the city to grow vegetables there . 
  unfortunately not . 
  i have held a few before but i 've only ever shot an air gun . 
  another marriage-related tradition is [ vomnsk poh ] ( http://www.lompodstorzicem.si/turizem/lomski-ploh/ ) ( lomski ploh for the uninitiated ) . 
  in the village of lom , after pust , the unmarried men chop down a spruce tree and drag it through the village as a way to tease women who have n't found a husband yet . 
  they drag the tree to tr\u017ei\u010d where they cut it up and sell it . 
  this is askeurope , not americanshitposting . 
  would the will of the european commission or the will of the european central bank sound better ? 
  this is even weirder tbh . 
  with that additional pa , it does n't roll off the tongue nicely to me . 
  never seen one ( except invalid toilets , i suppose ) . 
  the only unisex toilet i can think of is the outdoors . 
  north of kranj , far enough to not be affected with the kamen-papir-\u0161karje plague, 
  we always just said kamen \u0161karje papir , shaking the fist on kamen and \u0161karje and then opening it on papir . 
  i thought the rock-paper-scissors setup was weird but this is straight heresy . 
  jokes aside , they stressed papir normally ( do n't think anyone says papir in good old upper carniola ) . 
  they may say it in the wrong order but i do n't see how that would be hard to say out loud . 
  i was also taught rock-scissors-paper but some weirdos in high school used rock-paper-scissors . 
  it just does n't roll off the tongue the same way and it 's wrong , honestly . 
  in [ slovenia ] ( http://eucbeniki.sio.si/admin/documents/learning_unit/2028/0403_sr_1410260967/0403_slovenija_oblike_varovanja_narave.jpg ) , we have several types of protected areas , the main three being the national park ( we have one , the triglav national park ) , the regional parks ( 3 ) and landscape parks ( 40 ) . 
  never heard of them being here . 
  we have a few mormons and those jehova people and i may have seen one or two hare krishna people as well . 
  i 've only heard a few instances of americans speaking slovene ( or at least a few words and sentences ) and it did n't sound very nice to my ear . 
  once i heard a chinese man speaking slovene on the television and his accent sounded quite interesting . 
  other than that , i ca n't say any immigrant 's accent ever sounded okay . 
  i do n't think there ever was considering slovenes fought for foreign rulers for such a long time . 
  i guess you could say the partisans were and still are viewed a bit differently but i do n't know if that counts . 
  i suppose you mean multiculturalism in the anti-european sense ( the sort of `` diversity '' talk you see on this website as well ) because europe already is home to many different cultures , languages , traditions , ... 
  these native cultures should definitely survive . 
  something i used to get tricked with by my uncle when i was a kid . 
  basically , this is a colloquial way to ask someone `` do you eat or drink ? 
  '' , but the trick is `` raj\u017e '' is a colloquial way of saying rice so the question is really `` do you eat rice or drink it ? '', 
  it was built some time in the 1920s so it 's almost a hundred years old . 
  nobody in our country squats unless it 's someone in the middle of the woods defecating . 
  the slovene equivalent of chavs ( we call them \u010defurji - certain thuggish characters , children of ex-yu immigrants ) do n't do that , either . 
  i 've been in croatia , bosnia , serbia and montenegro and i did n't see anyone doing it , either . 
  why would you be concerned , are you afraid of a eu invasion on usa ? 
  anyway , i can tell you that slovenia probably wo n't be spending that much more on its army ( of ~ 7000 soldiers ) . 
  as far as i know , the whole eu could go into north korea-style militarisation and we 'd still spend far less than the us on military . 
   but in / r/slavs _ squatting everybody is very fraternal i do n't know where that tired old meme came from - maybe russia - but i 've never ever seen anyone doing that here . 
  not in slovenia , although i have read some leftist radicals on the internet writing ridiculous things about slavery and colonialism - it does n't apply to us , though , since it was really our ancestors that were victims of that during the times of turkish invasions . 
  i do n't think that 's a political belief that they 'll be able to force onto our society . 
  it is when people put foreigners before their own . 
  i ca n't really think of a good explanation for that . 
  i suppose it makes them feel better about themselves as it feeds their xenophilia . 
  jesus , the questions here are getting more ridiculous every day . 
  i heard barron - her and donald 's son - speaks slovene , though . 
  it 's mostly because of all the bad things associated with hillary , trump 's policy on illegals and his anti-establishment vibe . 
  and i guess people are sympathetic because of his wife to a small degree . 
  most of the people i talked to about the elections thought it was the right choice . 
  i do n't know how americans look at somalia but i presume a place like detroit or chicago is still a lot safer than somalia . 
  i 'm sure there far less chance of any trouble than if hillary was elected . 
  i doubt trump will support terrorists . 
  slovene ( upper carniolan and colloquial slovene ) . 
  we learned english and german in school , if that counts . 
  okay i get it .
