   the only country ( real country , not that micronation bullshit ) in the eu that 's smaller is cyprus . 
   real country , not that micronation bullshit p-poland , i thought we were friends ... 
  if merkel wants more immigrants in germany - and the german people agree with that - she can have them . 
  but let us `` bigots '' alone . 
  they do have some of that in our stores , but i do n't know how many people buy it . 
  most people i know think those kinds of diets are stupid and i 'm one of them . 
   black molds growing inside and around the chernobyl nuclear power plant we really are curious beings : a black mold forms in a highly irradiated area and someone still goes and picks at it . 
  who knows what sort of discoveries may come from such dangerous environments . 
   he added : `` we have lost the ability to talk about religious belief because of a century of secular assumptions , and most religious belief is either highly visible and we do n't recognise it , or it 's invisible and we miss it entirely . '' one would think that this secular nature would be perfect for discussing religion . 
  we have overcome past conflicts and achieved a union where catholics , protestants , orthodox christians , agnostics , non-believers and believers in other faiths can live their lives without conflict but it is apparent that one religion stands out with its inability to acclimate to our civilisation . 
  one can see that our secular society is not a problem . 
  should we change our lifestyles to accomodate those who do not live the same way we do or rather stand up for ourselves and make it clear that we will not change our ways ? 
  ukraine has a fine new national park - just do n't forget to bring the geiger counter . 
  but seriously , i 'm sure there are many things that can be observed from this unique environment . 
  sweeping generalisations would not be necessary if the situation was handled correctly when it started . 
  the posts on here will be the least of anyone 's worries when the political climate reaches the boiling point . 
  hungary is doing what it can to save itself . 
  maybe if other european countries showed some support instead of empty moralism , something could be done . 
  the only indecent behavior is the one coming from berlin and vienna ; on one hand , they criticise hungary for taking care of their own problem and on the other hand they act in a similar way when their country is at stake . 
  yes , it most certainly will . 
  it has been going on for more than a decade now ( london , madrid , charlie hebdo , the foiled terrorist attack on the train in belgium this summer , ... ) and will only become more prominent as more and more dubious characters come from syria . 
  remember that many anti-assad soldiers have escaped to europe already , and if the russian intervention bears any fruit , more will most likely come . 
  i was mainly thinking about islamic terrorism . 
  i do n't know how much truth there is to the idea that isis has been sending its agents to europe but what is true is the fact that other radical ( more or less ) islamists have already been living in europe for years now ; the number will only increase as more immigrants come here . 
  many of the people fleeing here did so because they were part of anti-assad forces - and those range from moderate ( with or without apostrophes ) to more radical individuals . 
  weapons will not be a problem for them as the last few months have shown . 
  on the other hand , the rising number of people of cultures , alien to europe , will lead ( and has already lead ) to an increase in attacks by certain europeans of radical right beliefs . 
  this is a reaction to the rising immigration rates as well as the general european political climate which has not done enough to control the flow into europe . 
  as long as the situation does n't change dramatically , we can expect more and more attacks from both sides , but one thing is clear : to end both kinds of terrorism , we will have to acknowledge that multiculturalism and unrestrained immigration realistically do not work and are dealt with . 
  this uncontrolled , unlimited immigration will lead to more terrorist attacks like that , except on this side of the mediterranean . 
  most of my posts are made on this very subreddit and a large part of threads on here are about immigration . 
  i am concerned about my country and our wider `` neighborhood '' that is the european union . 
  what problem do you have with that ? 
  if a serious effort was made , the near east could be pacified completely in a short time . 
  but that obviously is n't in the interest of certain powers . 
   you 're on an agenda and you 're not ? 
  come on , just admit it . 
  or do n't ; putin will take care of your `` moderate islamists '' soon enough . 
  it would n't be a problem to keep them living together if they were forced to return home as soon as that was possible . 
  i do n't understand why anyone is of the idea that these people should stay in europe . 
  that 's because they 're treating refugees as just that . 
  one day , they will have to return back home , whether they like it or not . 
  how would you like if huge masses of people started moving towards tunisia ? 
  edit : i hovered over your flag and i now see why it 's not a big deal to you . 
  the last poll showed that three quarters of slovenia 's population wants a stricter control on the borders and more than half do n't want more than a thousand staying here . 
  more than half want them gone as soon as possible . 
  assimilation is n't really a question here because most just want the immigrants gone . 
  hopefully , our government will hear us . 
  i do n't see why anyone has problems with this . 
  croatia is not part of schengen yet , so there obviously has to be some control over who crosses the border into the schengen area . 
  yes , i understand that official minorities are n't assimilated ( because then they would n't be minorities ) , but they 're a special case . 
  one of diamond 's arguments for a faster development of civilisations in europe and north africa is the fact that sub-saharan africa had no domesticable animals , so i pasted the link to a picture of lord walter rothschild , who seemed to debunk that idea . 
  anyway , that 's not my only problem with the book - and not neccesarily the biggest one . 
  the main idea behind the book is that geography is the biggest factor in determining which civilisation will prosper and which will fail . 
  according to diamond , it 's all just pure luck . 
  is n't that part of assimilation , though ? 
  and national minorities are different because they have special right that protect them . 
  it would n't be wise to give those to the first group that shouts loud enough , because we might as well say goodbye to the nation state then . 
  so what do you propose is done with someone who does n't want to say where he is from ? 
  indefinite stay in europe on taxpayers ' money ? 
  not if the borders get closed before enough can come . 
  and even if it ever comes to that , i am sure every european country has a capable police force and army . 
  the only way to introduce any foreign element into a country is through assimilation , which can only be possible if the foreigners are not present in a too high number and not concentrated in an isolated area . 
  and unless it 's forced , assimilation does n't work if the people getting assimilated do n't want to cooperate . 
  as i 've said , they would probably tell where they come from so they would be deported there instead of an inhospitable place such as antarctica . 
  if anyone did n't ... well , i guess that 's his problem , then . 
  all of the immigrants are obviously not one monolithic group but even our media - which blocked most online discussions on the immigrant crisis and has been very good at filming primarily women and children - filmed immigrants complaining about things . 
  i am not an expert on human nature but i am pretty sure that the usual response to someone offering help is to thank him , not complain and demand more and better support . 
  i do n't see how death penalty is connected to expulsion . 
  the problem is that they even dared to complain . 
  i personally can not imagine to escape from war , receive food , clothing and shelter - and still complain . 
  if they wanted five star hotels , they would 've come here the legal way . 
  that still does n't mean they have to complain . 
  they 're acting more like they 're on vacation rather than escaping a war zone . 
  found this map from wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:global_prevalence_of_consanguinity.svg and i also found this book : https://books.google.si/books?id=t6cscxxe8skc&amp;pg=pa23&amp;lpg=pa23&amp;dq=islam+cousin+marriage+rates&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=vltuynfdsh&amp;sig=8p2lkeij7an7y2xyrs80d1herni&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ceyq6aewbzgkahukewiiq6ociqfiahwdxswkhefkbrm#v=onepage&amp;q=islam%20cousin%20marriage%20rates&amp;f=false, 
  i just used an example that i was familiar with because i first read about high marriage rates among first cousins in pakistan . 
  while it may or may not be in the near east , pakistan - just like the * majority * of the countries in the near east - is majority muslim . 
  and as far as i know , other muslims countries also have problems with disorders in children of first cousins . 
   just like the majority of middle-eastern ones i did n't say israel was defined by islamic culture ( although about one quarter of its population is muslim , so islam is still present ) . 
  they would most definitely not come if they knew they would get shot . 
  not defending shooting people , but i got to admit it would probably be a deterrent . 
  semantics . 
  pakistan 's society is muslim , just like the majority of middle-eastern ones . 
  no , i 'm just saying that he is n't completely wrong because incest-related disorders are more of a problem in islamic societies than in other societies due to in-marrying . 
  no , mental retardation is not the only defect that can appear as result of incest . 
  i do n't think that your scenario is very realistic . 
  nobody would come to europe if he knew people were getting shot for entering illegally . 
  to think that anyone would come and fight ( except for terrorists ) is just absurd . 
  he is not wrong . 
  in pakistan , as many as 50 % of marriages are said to be between first cousins . 
   guns , germs and steel one picture is enough to debunk that book : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kfkhnagxs9c/t_tu0orjvbi/aaaaaaaacde/ld_b9q9r7wk/s1600/lord-rothschild-zebra-carriage-490_107554_1.jpeg, 
  if they wo n't tell , they should be threatened with expulsion to antarctica . 
  i 'm sure their mouths will start running as soon as they hear that . 
  i would pick my heritage . 
  things may get worse for us , but our ancestors did not live the most comfortable lives themselves . 
  anything else would be a cop out and a betrayal of everything that our ancestors lived , fought and died for . 
  we do n't need immigration to survive ; if my people survived through the plague , turkish raids and all of the wars , i do n't see why we could n't survive a lower birth rate . 
  my way of thinking is how it has always been . 
  outsiders came to our lands in big numbers in the past and that lead to conflict . 
  the last time it happened in a major way was the second world war , but it was an issue later and still is .
