  jesus , what 's so outrageous about americans remembering their heritage ? 
  meanwhile , immigrants and their children in the netherlands do n't assimilate , i.e. 
  do n't want to be dutch ( something that has been mentioned a few posts up but you just waved it off ) but it 's still some sort of evil for an american to cherish where his roots are . 
  these questions are getting more and more ridiculous . 
  yes , ice exists in europe and we use it . 
  i ca n't really say because there 's really no easy way to identify people with lenses . 
  i 've seen people putting lenses in their eyes in public toilets but there 's still a lot of people walking around with glasses . 
  god is dead . 
  he 's quite right , to be honest . 
  a first aid course , a traffic rule course , an appointment at the doctor ( to check your sight and hearing ) . 
  after that , one must pass a theoretical test and then one is allowed to start driving . 
  after about 30 + hours of driving there is a practical test . 
  how did the frog become a symbol to ward off gypsies ? 
  it seems quite random to me . 
  is that like a sign or somethnig ? 
  that 's the first time i 've heard anything like that . 
  i hear some places in slovenia around where gypsies live do n't serve alcohol and i suppose they care a lot more about security in those parts , but i do n't see how a symbol would keep them away . 
  i very much prefer [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ajdovi_%c5%beganci ) , especially with ( sour ) milk . 
  polenta is known by the same name in slovenia . 
  i would say that blood sausages ( [ krvavice ] ( http://www.kuhaona.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/krvavice-s-kiselim-zeljem-960x500.jpg ) ) are my favourite when it comes to traditional slovene cuisine . 
  as i have written , they should be returned to north african shore . 
  yes , of course . 
  boats should be destroyed and illegals returned to whatever north african country they came from . 
  smugglers should be hunted until they get the message . 
  the north africans could help with the smuggler problem , too . 
  as long as the illegals are shown not to be welcome here , the future tide may be stopped . 
  but as long as they are given any sort of comfort , the rest will see that europe is the place to be and come here in droves . 
  in high school , we mentioned it before talking about the french revolution for several hours . 
  other than in school , it 's not really a topic . 
  the only thing i can think of that would fit the minimal outdoor space criterion ( like football or volleyball ) would be the game where you throw plastic circular pieces and try to be the one to throw them the closest to the smaller piece . 
  i do n't know what it 's called in english , though . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.unikatoy.si/content/images/products/150123_1.jpg ) is what i 'm talking about . 
  til i live in nato . 
  it 's central european due to culture , history and geography and western in the sense that it 's a first world european country . 
  the interpol and slovene police statistics show a a high number of foreigners and foreigners with slovene citizenship in there . 
  granted , the slovene police puts together the wanted and missing people but i doubt that so many disappear ; a lot of them are definitely wanted as they appear in both databases . 
  sources : http://www.policija.si/index.php/iskani?view=tiraliceseznam http://www.interpol.int/notice/search/wanted/ ( offset ) / 54 / ( nationality ) / 293 / ( current_age_maxi ) / 100 / ( search ) / 1, 
  it was already too late a hundred years ago . 
  the arrival of schooling under maria theresia started the assimilation . 
  of course , it left a lot of slovenes on the other side of the border . 
   it was split into german and italian occupation zone parts were also annexed by hungary and bulgaria . 
  you 're correct about 1941 , though . 
  1550 is when primo\u017e trubar , a protestant priest and author published the first two books in slovene . 
  1848 is the establishment of the united slovenia programme which aimed to unite all duchies inhabited by slovenes into an autonomous kingdom . 
  1920 is the date of the carinthian plebiscite and the year the border with italy was put in place . 
  / u/atlas _ at got 1991 right . 
  same here for albanians and germans . 
  for former yugoslavia , we have `` ta spodnji '' ( translates something like `` the ones from down below '' ) , bosnians can also be called \u0160vedi ( swedes - do n't ask ) . 
  blacks are zamorci ( from behind the sea ) . 
  a word for italians is lahi . 
  i 'd say only in the countryside . 
  it 's something that a farmer and/or logger would wear . 
  in fact , i come from such a family and i own several . 
  other than that , some people around here wear other sorts of hats as well ( the old kind with feathers - rarely , but it 's still a thing ) . 
  you can see cet on television ( foreign channels ) but nobody would say anything like it , just the time . 
  karl may was a great introduction to indians . 
  it does n't really matter that he was a german who never went to the americas . 
  never read karl may ? 
  no , the one movie i watched was just boring . 
  i 've never read any captain america comics . 
  i 'd love to see a good punisher movie , though , since the comics were great ( particularly the max series ) . 
   do you ever have michael brown-type situations in which civilians assault police ? 
  how does your country 's police respond when such a thing happens ? 
  one crazy guy killed a cop by running his car into the police car last year , if i remember correctly , and another guy who was wrong in the head did the same a few years ago . 
  the first guy was in a coma so they did n't have to stop him while the second guy surrendered . 
   would you support your country granting asylum to young african-american men instead of , or in addition to , syrians ? 
   what about african-americans or poor americans as a whole ? 
   how about open migration ? 
  i 've never seen unisex toilets , except for the ones for invalids . 
  the north carolina thing was on the news , but that 's probably the only time any such toilet issue was mentioned here in slovenia . 
  i do n't live in a monarchy and i 'm not well versed in law regarding events such as the one you write of , but i would think it 's a bit like inheritance ; if an heir kills whoever he would receive inheritance from , morals come before the right to inherit . 
  also , murder is a criminal act . 
  the triglav national park , the only national park in slovenia ( the rest are positioned lower on the hierarchy of parks - 3 regional and 40 landscape parks ) is accesible by a regular bus that drives from the capital through several other cities and to the villages inside the national park . 
  there is a train connection as well , but i 'm not too familiar with it . 
  i 've never had either , but krem\u0161nita is one of my favourite desserts . 
  no thank you . 
  the last thing we need is more influence and more orders from brussels bureaucrats . 
  not much time has passed since we were in the very same relationship . 
  besides , even the current system is under threat right now . 
  we 've had a bunch of protests ( whenever a new site for housing immigrants was chosen ) . 
  the government put out a plan to import 40 to 50 people a month but the numbers do n't add up - they said we would supposedly take around 500 , but according to their plan the number is twice as high . 
  almost everyone i know ( except for a few naive young people ) criticise the government and the media because they do n't tell us anything and because they work against all of our interests . 
  where i come from , schnapps ( we call it \u0161nops ) is any sort of home-made liquor that 's made from just about anything you can make a drink from ( fruit like plums , lemons and juniper berries , and even walnuts or pot leaves ) . 
  vodka is a sort of alcohol but \u0161nops is often seen as medicine - something to drink if you 've got stomach problems or if you 're just not feeling right . 
  but it 's also a very popular drink to get drunk on in the countryside . 
  genealogy is a hobby to some people ( me included ) but i would n't say it 's that popular . 
  when it comes to finding information , parish records may go back to the 18th century in some cases . 
  with some luck , one could have a well-off ancestor who kept a family tree . 
  those are mostly just going by male ancestor , though . 
  on the topic of genealogy and since an american is asking the question , i must say that a good source are the mormons . 
  i once stumbled upon information on a few of my far-back relatives in the online mormon genealogy archives . 
  that 's something i 've only ever heard here on reddit . 
  the basic left-right spectrum is not very precise and there 's also the fact that not every european country has the same political landscape . 
  in slovene context , i would say they could be compared to the slovene democratic party as a `` basic '' conservative party , to the new slovenia party when it comes to religion and tradition and to the slovene people 's party when it comes to the support coming from the more rural , agriculturally oriented voters . 
  when it comes to economy , they are all free market liberals , but that 's really the case with many if not most parties of today . 
  it 's not a melting pot since we live in separate countries . 
  and traditional culture is , as you 've said traditional . 
  we do have our bonfire nights and masquerades but you do n't see people walking around in traditional clothing every day . 
  european culture has been americanised , in some countries more than in others , and less and less people are religious , but there are some traditions that have survived from the times before christianity , so they should live on . 
  as many others have written already , every country 's history curriculum goes through general history and the history of its own country .
