  all jokes aside , proper shoes ( and i do n't mean sneakers ) , maybe an extra shirt and something warmer to wear , as well as some water are a must . 
  and someone not familiar with the area should definitely stay on the marked paths . 
  true , blueberries are godlike . 
  we planted a few but they do n't seem to cooperate . 
  on the other hand , raspberries , strawberries and currant are thriving . 
  and it 's perfect having a few wild strawberries growing on the lot . 
  when it comes to chestnuts , you really need a lot of luck around here because the last few years people seem to rush in the day they start falling from the trees and you 're left with none . 
  i 'd say it 's very popular along with picking chestnuts and berries . 
  i 'm personally more of a chestnuts guy , to be honest . 
  and we grow enough berries at home that wild berries are just something to taste rather than truly gather . 
  to be honest , grandma 's doughnuts without any filling are the best . 
  peht ( rn ) a is present in slovene mythology as well but those costumes look more like [ parkelni ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/ufblk7xobze/maxresdefault.jpg ) , the companions of miklav\u017e ( saint nicholas ) . 
  kurent has no connection to them since he was the old slovene god of fun and partying . 
   what 's your favorite filling ? 
  here it 's apricot jam . 
  that 's the only filling , to be honest . 
  we do n't . 
  something similar that we do celebrate , though ( similar as in you also dress up ) is pust . 
  it takes place some time in february or march ( the day changes because of the moon - i do n't know the math but it takes place some time before easter ) and it has its origins in old traditions of scaring the winter away . 
  people dress up ( in a part of slovenia , they are known to dress as [ kurents ] ( http://www.nesnovnadediscina.si/sites/default/files/rzd-01-12-00012-01_s_0.jpg ) ) , eat doughnuts ( [ not the american kind ] ( http://www.ventilatorbesed.com/slike/clanki/krof_navadni.jpg ) ) and go from door to door like americans do on halloween . 
  there are no pumpkins involved here , though . 
  pust is celebrated on a sunday and a thursday . 
  1 . member of my family 2 . inhabitant of my village 3 . inhabitant of municipality 4 . 
  upper carniolan 5 . 
  you would n't like it here then , haha . 
  we get rats and mice in the garage every autumn and winter that end up in traps . 
  and during the year , there 's the occasional vole to step on in the field . 
  i 've killed too many trouts to count and chopped a few chickens ' heads off . 
  have n't killed any of the cows , pigs , other fish or turkeys i had for dinner but i may get the opportunity for the latter . 
  other than slovene , we have two official languages : hungarian and italian . 
  they 're the languages of our two officially-recognised minorities and only hold the status of official languages in the municipalities where the two ethnicities live . 
  this means that two languages can be used in those municipalities for official matters ( we do not , in fact , have any municipalities where both minorities would live together ) from what i 've heard , everyone in those municipalities learns slovene + the minority language in school . 
  they were average drunk thugs who try showing off through violence . 
  one took hold of one of my friends , we pushed him off and left because we were accompanied by girls . 
  several ex-yu immigrants ( i do n't know where exactly they were from ) attacked me and my friends once . 
  you 're really trying to get your point across but it wo n't work . 
  i never claimed i wanted any of the things you people wrote in this thread . 
  that was nazism and fascism ( to a smaller extent also communism ) . 
  nationalism is not about feeling superior , it is a feeling of pride and belonging to one 's nation . 
  it has nothing to do with other nations . 
  no , both are lacking in the modern society . 
  the country is nothing without its people . 
  throughout the 19th and 20th century , the struggle was to provide a country for the slovene nation and the survival of the latter . 
  i suppose you may say that the people behind the united slovenia movement ( an attempt at creating an autonomous slovene state inside the habsburg monarchy ) were patriots since they still wanted to remain part of the monarchy , but the struggle against germanisation , italianisation , etc. , was purely on preserving our ethnicity . 
  we only became independent in 1991 so you ca n't even talk of proper slovene patriotism before that since a slovene country did not yet exist . 
  if you are ignorant of slovene history you may as well not comment on it . 
  it 's something that prevented our nation from disappearing in the past and it 's in times like today that we need nationalism again . 
  we have the term `` kvizling '' , even though we had our own collaborators . 
  same as schuschnigg , the last chancellor of austria before the anschluss . 
  i do n't know , rupnik sided with the nazis and pretty much became their henchman but [ odilo globo\u010dnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odilo_globocnik ) was in another league altogether . 
  while rupnik was lying to himself that he was helping the people by joining the enemy , globo\u010dnik did n't even think of himself as slovene and was already with the nazis before they even took power in germany . 
  i wash it under the tap if the fruit was bought and just eat it if it 's a fruit we grew at home . 
  ljubljana does n't have a dialect . 
  originally , the lower carniolan dialect was spoken in the city , followed by upper carniolan but today , the `` ljubljana speech '' is its own category because it 's a form of mixed urban speech . 
  i speak some form of the upper carniolan dialect ; i wrote some form because linguists say we all speak a single dialect here in upper carniola but there are clear differences . 
  excuse me for i am not a linguist , but i 'll try and explain some features of the dialect . 
  one of the most noticeable features of my dialect is * \u0161vapanje * . 
  this means that and l sound is pronounced as v ( or more precisely , w ) . 
  an example : '' \u0161la '' ( the female form for `` going '' ) turns into '' \u0161va '' . 
  another very noticeable feature of the dialect are shortenings and mergings of words . 
  it is an old stereotype that upper carniolans are frugal ( others would use different terms , but that 's a story for a different thread ) and this can be seen in the way we speak . 
  i do n't know the rules behind this phenomenon but i use this in daily life . 
  for example , `` ali bo\u0161 \u0161el '' ( `` will you go '' ) would be `` au\u0161 \u0161u '' , `` ne bom '' ( `` i wo n't '' ) becomes `` nam '' , `` koliko '' ( how much ) becomes `` kok '' , and so on . 
  pretty much every sentence contains some sort of german loan words . 
  these entered our dialect first around 900ad ( these can still be found in the standard literary language ) while we borrowed others between the 12th and the 13th century , if i remember correctly . 
  the words have middle high german and bavarian origin . 
  i suppose those are the most noticeable features of our dialect but there are of course many other elements that make our dialect unique . 
  i know , i do n't find them weird either , but people have mentioned them in previous threads . 
  why not ? 
  we were also a nation living in a centralised country with other nations where our voice was n't heard . 
  the slovene cause was n't supported on an international scale either . 
  i fully support it as we were once in the same situation . 
  but catalonians are n't a rich part of a nation , they are a nation of their own . 
  blood sausages , kidneys and tripe stew are a bit of a cliche by now so i 'll say pork skin chips ( i 'm not sure about an `` official '' term for this ) . 
  i remember when i was a kid and was busy watching television when my father offered me `` chips '' and told me it was bacon-flavoured after i had commented on the taste , only to reveal it was actually some sort of dried pig skin . 
  dormice were also popular for their furs here back in the day . 
  people a few centuries ago apparently also thought dormice were devil-spawn . 
  when did you start attending primary school , when you were 6 ? 
  by 2004 , yugoslavia was called serbia and montenegro and it dissolved two years later . 
  other countries apart from kosovo were already independent by the time you were born . 
  they are kurds , not turks . 
  that 's like saying the ira was composed of the english and eta of spaniards . 
  in slovenia , the right wing parties support trump but oppose putin . 
  it 's true , most of the time `` diversity '' on reddit is mentioned it 's in relation to the number of non-white people . 
  gas is superior in my opinion since you can still cook even if the power runs out for some reason . 
  we buy it in gas cylinders and a gas company delivers it right to the door . 
  the syrian government since they 're fighting against terrorists . 
  in slovenia , we have the faculty of sports which is the only faculty to have anything to do with physical activity so i think it would be hard to organise competitions between faculties . 
  i 've noticed many people on the internet seem to be disgusted because of blood but [ krvavice ] ( http://www.delo.si/assets/media/picture/20101116/3_klobase2.jpg?rev=1 ) ( blood sausages ) are great . 
  oh right , i did n't think about that one . 
  i feel no shame about having a red neck due to working outside . 
  the only `` nickname '' i am familiar with is `` kmetavzar '' ( peasant ; completely negative context ) which city people like to throw around when horrible intolerant people from the countryside do n't follow their beliefs . 
  now that i think about it , i 've seen people talking about `` provincials '' , as well , but that 's for anyone not from the capital . 
  it does n't mean much since any random person can become a citizen . 
  when it comes to the beliefs of the citizens of slovenia i could go on for a long time since just like in every other country , every individual has his own brain . 
  we 've heard about the situation through the national news and anyone i 've asked said it 's crazy that police would let this happen . 
  everybody i 've asked opposes the thuggish behavior and i agree with them . 
   in america there 's your answer . 
  this is n't america , we have a long history here and i would definitely not want to see the slovenes ( or any other european ) replaced , and neither do the majority of the people here . 
  but is the tipping legally sanctioned or something voluntary you do out of goodwill and satisfaction with the service ?
