  in his words : `` the man of the future will be of mixed race . 
  the races and classes of today will gradually disappear due to the elimination of space , time , and prejudice . 
  the eurasian-negroid race of the future , similar in appearance to the ancient egyptians , will replace the diversity of peoples and the diversity of individuals . 
  instead of destroying european judaism , europe , against her will , refined and educated this people , driving them to their future status as a leading nation through this artificial evolutionary process . 
  it 's not surprising that the people that escaped from the ghetto-prison , became the spiritual nobility of europe . 
  thus , the compassionate care given by europe created a new breed of aristocrats . 
  this happened when the european feudal aristocracy crashed because of the emancipation of the jews . '', 
  old news : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/richard_nikolaus_von_coudenhove-kalergi, 
  this article was written by masochists . 
  can the multikulti agenda please stop ? 
  slovenia looks wrong . 
  the carinthian dialect ( number 6 ) is not spread over that big of an area . 
  you people really have to make everything about yourselves ... 
  israel would not exist had it not been for the british and the americans . 
  that 's all i 'm going to say about that . 
  as for them supporting the kurds : i ca n't comment much on that . 
  both israel and turkey are allies to the us and both have different aims in the near east . 
  we will have to wait and see what the future brings for the syrian war . 
  i agree with you in part ; but no level of education will help if there is no money to work with . 
  and as it is , syrian kurdistan spends what little money it has on weapons . 
  foreign investment is what they would need , but i do n't think they 'd ever get it as they hold no international recognition . 
  if they could develop from nothing they would n't be in the state they are in today . 
  honestly , i thought it was common knowledge the only reason any state in the near east has managed to go beyond tribalism is oil . 
  they ca n't develop from nothing . 
  the only reason why the gulf states are as developed as they are is oil . 
  they 're also in the middle of a war . 
  and we know how iraq and afghanistan went through that . 
  we 've got a developed industrial , as well as service sector . 
  we do n't have to rely on natural resources alone to survive . 
  you can not seriously compare us to syrian kurdistan ... 
  i had to google your country because the flag and the name are foreign to me . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  they ca n't survive by selling sand . 
  oil and natural gas are the near east 's only lifelines - without them , they 're back in stone age , herding goats . 
  as the number of non-european immigrants rises , so do the crime rates . 
  if that were the case , i guess i 'd just pack up and cross the border . 
  i mean , it 's my right as a human being , is n't it ? 
  if you think closing the borders off is so wrong , what would you do , then ? 
  let everyone in ? 
  and the evil white man is the only one who has ever done things like that ? 
  besides , the majority of european countries never took part in the colonization of africa and faced many horrible events themselves and still , we should all put up with the crazy things coming out of brussels . 
  if it meant zero illegals then yes , minefields and guard towers would do . 
  i do n't care what our overlords usa-eu-israel did down there , the average european deserves better . 
  even if it means another sykes-picot agreement ... 
  it 's a great comparison because north korea wants to keep people inside and their system of bunkers , fences and minefields allows them that , while europe could use the same means to keep people out . 
  please tell me what the citizens of the eu have done to deserve this . 
  honestly , i think you 're just shitposting right now . 
  it is in the interest of every illegal on the borders of europe to get in the schengen zone because then they can go to one of the richer countries and claim social support . 
  they have no interest in staying in the balkan countries . 
  the reason hungary is planning to put up a wall is because , as others have written in this thread before , if an illegal with no documents crosses the border , hungary is supposed to take care of him . 
  i do n't think it would be hard to round up illegals and send them back . 
  no documents - goodbye . 
  and if walls and surveillance is what it takes to keep them out , i am sure the vast majority would welcome this new fortress europe . 
  hungary is trying to take care of its own border , and i do n't blame them . 
  as i 've written before , more will have to be done to stop the flow of illegals into europe , both across land and sea . 
  hungary is just one of european countries that is trying to stop passage of illegals into their country . 
  for any of these security measures to work , the european union would have to act as a whole . 
  we have something called schengen here . 
  if an illegal crosses the border between a non-eu and a eu country , he enters an are spanning from the mediterranean to scandinavia where there are no border controls , meaning he can make it all the way up to germany , uk , sweden or any of the other popular countries . 
  hungary is a schengen country while serbia is n't . 
  stricter control could stop all illegal immigration , but that does n't seem to be in the interest of the european leadership . 
  obviously not . 
  bosnia and montenegro seem to be too ashamed to even take part in the survey : ^ ), 
  obstacles can work just fine . 
  look at north korea - they manage with a minimal number of escapees . 
  the berlin wall decreased the number of people escaping west as well . 
  while the reasons for a new wall are different , the principle is the same . 
  and those two last sentences are just disgusting . 
  according to you , we should let every non-european in europe just because it would be nice to do so . 
  the people of europe owe these people nothing , these are our lands and our lives . 
  our ancestors showed that we need and deserve this place more than others . 
  if these people want that , they should act on their own , not beg for our share . 
  the article states it helped bulgaria , to a degree . 
  but yes , a fence is n't perfect . 
  a lot more will have to be done to keep european borders secure . 
  because the `` refugees '' will stop pouring in next year , right ? 
  wrong . 
  you should take this fence as an investment . 
  this is sarcasm , right ? 
  bangladeshi community centre in leeds , uk . 
  there 's your problem . 
  are you really still defending these people ? 
  this kind of masochism , this extreme case of stockholm syndrome , will bring on the destruction of our society . 
  and you progressives are encouraging it . 
  the job of the intelligence agency is to work without the public ever knowing it . 
  i 'd be more worried if they spoke out because that would mean the situation was really bad . 
  the very first sentence says enough . 
  this is sick . 
   muh human rights because feeling good about yourself and your altruism is the most important ideal , not keeping your homeland your own . 
  do you hate your country that much ? 
  i would say that something really is wrong when a nation turns this masochistic in a generation or two . 
  tomatoes , potatoes , apples , corn , paprika , salad , peas , strawberries , rapsberries , onions , garlic and one watermelon and one pear . 
  could be a better year , but the potatoes had a good yield and that 's what matters the most . 
  http://www.grboslovje.si/register/teritoriji/slike/trzic.gif the flag of our municipality ( my village 's coat of arms does n't seem to be present on the internet ) and its main town . 
  i do n't remember the backstory . 
  i do n't have to do that , mama merkel is much better at it : ^ ), 
  i would gladly vote for that if i was given the choice . 
  as a part of the eu , we must provide asylum to anyone who can prove that his life was endangered in his home country . 
  as far as i know , seven people asked for asylum . 
  i do n't think it 's our duty to take care of people who walked through our country and northwards . 
  ungrateful because our sovereignty is being taken away ?
