  shared history is part of a certain ethnic group 's identity . 
  culture and language are just part of that , so someone who speaks a language and belongs to a culture of a certain nation is still not equal to a native when it comes to identity . 
  well , of course it 's biological . 
  ethnicity is the sum of our culture , language , ancestry , history and shared genes . 
  ethnicity is part of our identities . 
  to do away with the concept of the ethnic group would mean to take away a big part of who we are . 
  the american countries are countries of immigration while european countries are countries of emigration ; in addition , canadian is a nationality and spanish is an ethnic group . 
  i stopped reading when the author reminded me of the holocaust and implied that not accepting immigrants is equal to putting jews in ovens . 
  this thread has been posted many times . 
  do you seriously call a four-page thread on stormfront proof of mass brigading ? 
  seriously , still seeing brigades everywhere ? 
  i did n't know this existed until now . 
  with bread , it seems like unfinished french toast . 
  interesting , i 've never heard of that word . 
  spodnja majica ( literally `` under shirt '' ), 
  gypsies came from india , they are not europeans . 
  nobody outside of the internet cares . 
  and i do not oppose it , i have done research into my ancestry as well and it 's not only an interesting , fun hobby but i feel like it is a way to show respect to ones ' ancestors . 
  for some reason , people on here have a sort of allergic reaction to it , like researching your ancestry is somehow a bad thing . 
  i would n't pay them too much attention . 
  i already do , would n't go anywhere else . 
  we have homemade schnapps here , which i suppose is the closest thing to moonshine . 
  i like my native upper carniolan dialect ( the rural dialect , not the more accent-like thing they speak in the cities ) the most . 
  i guess you could say i 'm biased in that regard but i really ca n't imagine being born somewhere else and speaking any other dialect . 
  it 's not the country people thought it would be when we became independent but it is the country most of our nation lives in , so i would say yes . 
  i ca n't imagine not using them . 
  never again . 
  there is nothing that connects us and yugoslavia caused enough bad that we will feel it for years , probably decades , to come . 
  oops , seems like you made a mistake , you probably meant to write frugal instead of stingy . 
  quite a bit more often than blacks because korean tourists are regular guests in the city nearby . 
  i 'd say a few times a year when i 'm in the city . 
  i ca n't remember when i last saw one , though . 
  you 're trying too hard . 
  an italian man from trieste is italian and a member of the slovene minority in trieste is slovene . 
  there are italians on the slovene side of the border , too . 
  they are considered an official minority even though you 'd say they are slovenes . 
  slovene is not the same as nationality . 
  a majority of slovenes are citizens of slovenia , but a number of our people are n't . 
  they live outside the country . 
  and foreigners who come here do n't magically become slovene just because of an id card . 
  and seriously , you think my great-grandfather who lived in austria-hungary was austrian ? 
  you think the people who lived in the lands stolen by italy after the first world war magically turned into italians and then back into slovenes - oh sorry , yugoslavs - when yugoslavia took the land ? 
  well an italian from trieste would be an italian , not a slovene . 
  borders have no bearing on this . 
  slavs are not an ethnic group , it 's a ethno-linguistic category . 
  i could have austrian , italian , french or angolan documents and i would still be slovene . 
  everyone i have ever spoken to understood this except smug reddit people like you who love posting under a european flag . 
  i do n't know what you are but i am of slovene ethnicity . 
  i would vote for the republicans because they may not be the perfect choice but closest to my views of the two . 
  yes , we do . 
  ethnicity and nationality are not the same . 
  militarisation is simply a reaction to the security threats . 
  if the reasons for those were never brought into existence , there would be no need for policemen being so armed . 
  soup with noodles is standard here . 
  i 've never heard of pho , tho . 
  that 's another interesting aspect and i have no idea why that is . 
  other slavic languages use it as well . 
  i do n't know , does this give us an excuse to brag about having several plurals : ^ ) ? 
  well it 's just like using plural except you 're only refering to two . 
  so if you are going somewhere with one friend , you do n't say `` mi gremo '' ( we are going ) but `` midva greva '' ( literally `` we two are going '' ), 
  a grammatical number ( like singular and plural ) that refers to two nouns . 
  my village , then upper carniola and then slovenia . 
  we 're doing alright , i 'd say . 
  putin visited slovenia last year and there is talk of a potential meeting of putin and trump here as well . 
  i do n't know if this counts but national television has been pushing left-wing propaganda for some time and an answer to that was a private television that is pushing right-wing propaganda with a dose of cult of personality in there as well . 
  but to be honest , the national television is n't as overt ; it most often comes up during the weekend commentaries or on its online articles , the news itself are usually tame . 
  in 2002 , only 83 % of the population was declared slovene in the census ( and most of the rest was immigrants from other yugoslav republics ) so of course i 'm including that . 
  we do n't have any such categories . 
  i would support freezing all immigration for an indeterminate time . 
  i would make an exception for slovenes from abroad . 
  the percentage of foreigners is too high especially considering how many want to act like they are still back home . 
  jews were expelled from the austrian empire on several occasions and there were several attempts from maria theresia onwards to civilise the gypsies . 
  in white carniola , the serbs fleeing from the turks were settled and they served as guards on the frontier . 
  other than that , the trend was for german settlers to move into slovene lands . 
  i do that often in slovene and apparently it 's a german influence . 
  i do n't think about it . 
  hungarian and italian are official languages in the municipalities where those two minorities live and everyone learns the languages in school there , from what i 've heard . 
  i suppose theer 's slovenes who use one of those two languages in their life outside school . 
  i saw it mentioned on the news and a few times on the internet . 
  i do n't have an opinion on it , i am not interested in watching it and i doubt i ever will be because sports in general are n't that interesting to me . 
  i may watch some winter sports or snooker sometimes but that 's basically it . 
  there are n't that many feminists and similar crazies here and we do n't have the `` alt right '' either . 
  i 'd prefer if these things stayed in america . 
  gypsy settlements are like that here , at least in lower carniola . 
  the ones in prekmurje are a bit more civilised but it would probably still be better to steer clear . 
  i 'm from the european continent and so are my ancestors . 
  i ca n't comment on slovene at university but in primary and high school , we learned about slovene throughout history , from the first written text in slovene ( the freising manuscript ) , the first literary standard as created by the protestant primo\u017e trubar and through even more standardisation towards modern slovene . 
  it 's not like we learned how to write or talk in 9th century slovene , though . 
  i did n't know if that counted as a contraction but in that case yes , upper carniolan is one big contraction . 
  i 'm not sure whether we have contractions in standard slovene but i can think of a few examples of words that seem to fit the definition of a contraction in my dialect . 
  ne bom ( i wo n't ) -  na bom -  nam ali si ( did you ) -  a s -  as, 
  a few times a year when i go to austria for shopping . 
  it 's primarily the fault of authorities that allow terrorists in and do n't do enough to stop those terrorists that were born in europe . 
  the us may have triggered it to an extent but in the end , they 're not the ones that control what happens inside the eu . 
  it 's pretty much a given that the government would enforce conscription in case of war ( as our laws currently stand , we do not have conscription , though ) and i would support it . 
  defending against an enemy would be impossible with what little troops our army currently have , and the future plans do n't predict a drastic change to the numbers . 
  and even if we had a considerable army , i 'd want to help in some way , not necessarily through enlisting . 
  still , let 's hope it does n't come to it any time soon . 
  my grandfather 's generation was the last to fight so let 's hope peace lasts . 
  i ca n't comment on the ability to speak slovene of someone who reads off a teleprompter .
