yes , this question would fit much better on / r/askeurope than on here . 
  upper carniolan is famous for taking a lot of vowels out of words . 
  we 're just frugal people , is all ... 
  as i 've said , it does n't have to be so expensive . 
  a bullet would indeed work . 
  i do n't see how sentencing someone to death would cost more than sentencing him to prison or fine . 
  but it does n't really matter , you do n't have to prove anything for smugglers if you catch them in the act . 
  and it really is n't expensive if they 're taken care of on the spot . 
  the countries that stood on the east side of the iron curtain know the soviet side of history well . 
  both countries would come under communist rule sooner or later . 
  do you really think the soviets would help out of good will ? 
  wherever the soldiers of the red army marched , the political commissars followed as well . 
  a lot more peaceful than any crowd of football fans before a match . 
  sure , the fireworks may be a bit excesive , but it 's obvious that the protesters were n't looking for a fight with the police . 
  i agree . 
  maybe our government should make a deal with hungary . 
  should n't let this razor wire go to waste . 
  a warning for what ? 
  i do n't know , it looked pretty peaceful to me . 
  would it be better if op put a bunch of trigger warnings before the video , to make sure gentle little souls like yourself do n't get shocked by loud noises and shining lights ? 
  were the flags too patriotic to you ? 
  it 's a lot more expensive , though . 
  in the local dialect , tr\u017ei\u010d is pronounced without the i ( t\u0259r\u017e\u0259\u010d ) . 
  so even if you are joking , you 're right in a way . 
  yeah , europe `` must prepare for millions more migrants '' , but not the way the folks at the guardian would want us to . 
  and why should this behavior be tolerated at all ? 
  this is why not containing refugees to north africa and the near east is a bad idea . 
  i guess that would be standard slovene . 
  it 's not something people really speak at home , unless they 're slavists or really full of themselves . 
  any use of spoken standard slovene ( as opposed to written slovene ) that is n't a public speech or on television or radio just sounds unnatural . 
  as a linguist once said ( unfortunately , i ca n't remember his name ; i think his surname was sch\u00f6nbrunn or something similar ) , people should speak the language of their region ( dialect ) and write the language of their country ( language ) . 
  it 's much better to be cautious in advance rather when things are already going to hell . 
  desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  it is apparent that this limp attitude wo n't work . 
  in the case of slovenia , the police was n't caught off guard when the first immigrants started approaching the border and they made sure that they could n't just come in , either . 
  for now , only tear gas was used . 
  still , i can say that i understand austria in part - they 're getting the immigrants that slovenia and hungary let through , so they probably went through some control . 
  but to say that hungary could do the same as austria did would be highly unrealistic . 
  they 're getting much more people than slovenia and on a much longer part of the border , so of course their methods will be diferent . 
  right on dude !, 
  keep fighting the man and his evil status quo , man . 
  is it 1968 again ? 
  austria did much better - put four policemen , i think one was a woman , on the bridge between slovenian radgona and austrian radkersburg and think - even slightly think - that they could stop them from crossing . 
  and then my country is shat on for taking care of the immigrants in an orderdly fashion . 
  how about a capped quota of 0 ? 
  why should there be any exceptions ? 
  i did n't know we organised a marathon , with the people crossing the finish line gaining access to our countries ' resources . 
  when i started reading your comment , i thought you posted it to the wrong thread . 
  but after reading it , i saw that you were probably just joking . 
  right ? 
  please say yes ? 
  merkel and her brussels pals are the captains of a sinking ship , and the v4 are sitting in their life boat . 
  but captain merkel and the crew wo n't just go down with the ship , they 'll put a hole in the life boat so the rest do n't make it out alive either . 
   all data from / r/anarchism [ 30 ] 's / u/infiltration _ bot [ 31 ] . 
  i did not know any subreddit had ever made such a useful bot . 
  i salute our great anarchist comrade fellows for creating a bot that goes through a person 's posting history , making sure they do not hold any wrong ideas . 
  oh yes , i feel much safer now , knowing that the new mods do n't post in the monitor-sorry , bad parts of reddit . 
  thank you . 
  we do n't have this sort of societies in this country yet , i think . 
  but there are groups of people who want to make them a reality . 
  how about `` i am indifferent to your existence , but i do n't want you here . '' ? 
  i do n't care what sort of crazy tribal world they live in and what they do there , i just want the little plot of land that is our country to remain ours . 
  today , i saw a survey from the yesterday 's newspaper . 
  according to it , half of the people in our country think that the immigrants should get out as soon as possible ; and i agree with them ( of the remaining 50 % , i believe a bit over half of that was for letting them stay until the war is over and the rest thought either that they can stay or that they can stay and be pandered ) . 
  fortunately for us , the immigrants seem to be listening to us and are moving north across the border already . 
  of course there is no crime in the muslim world - death penalty is still a thing down there and they 're not strangers to lynching , either . 
  but still , that 's just one part of crime . 
  i 'm not sure suicide attacks and shoot-outs can be compared to murder and assault in the countries of the first world . 
  really , it 's just a completely different mentality down there . 
  yeah , equating women to sacred animals is blasphemous . 
  what are our governments supposed to do , then ? 
  because everything that is done is criticised by someone . 
  if upholding the law and defending the border of the schengen area is n't good enough , then austria and germany can have them all . 
  yes , i agree with that . 
  but they should also take care of transportation so the illegals do n't flood the schengen area . 
  from what i know , our police took in 2500 people but some also made it across in secret . 
  our cops only transported them to the refugee centres . 
  it does n't matter . 
  our countries are supposed to stop the immigrants but at the same time everyone else complains about it . 
  and in the end , it does n't matter because germany takes them all in . 
  i do n't know whether to laugh or cry because this whole situation is just crazy . 
  i do n't think that 's what rule 34 stands for ... 
  every single immigrant in slovenia walked to austria on foot . 
  you 're making things up . 
  only a couple of people applied for asylum while everyone else just continued on their way . 
  what 's the problem , then ? 
  refugees are the ones in jordan , lebanon and turkey , the people coming here are immigrants . 
  a couple of them , the people who actually decided to stay in our country , are asylum seekers . 
  i do n't see what 's so hard here to understand . 
  all i 'm saying is that if the eu wants to show the world what a goody two-shoes it is , we might as well bring in every non-european who lives in worse conditions than an average european . 
  shipping these people in is not the answer to the immigrant crisis because more and more will come . 
  you can start calling them immigrants when they 're thousands of kilometres away from refugee camps . 
  slovenia registers them and sends them to the camps . 
  the majority leaves the camps and crosses the border on foot . 
  i bet austria also forced the immigrants to cross the border . 
  and what the hell does the title say , anyway ? 
  forced away from to croscroatia ? 
  great job , guardian . 
  our media called them migrants a couple of times in the last two days , but they still mostly say refugees . 
  and they 're still very good at finding women and children in the huge crowds of men and filming them .
