  in the end , we would have to take in billions of africans and asians - hey , got to show the world how tolerant and progressive the eu is !, 
  austria says they 'll return immigrants so i guess we just send them to italy . 
  i 'm sure italy wo n't mind ... 
  yes , i completely agree with what you wrote . 
  i suppose the several dozen austrian `` advisors '' are a start , but we 'd need much more than just that . 
  tell that to brussels , not budapest . 
  hungary and slovenia are doing what they can to protect the schengen border . 
  as far as i know , we will receive help from austria in the following week , but i 'm not sure if hungary made any deals with anyone like our government did . 
  i agree with you , though . 
  a joint effort has to be made because at this point , the flow will not stop unless the schengen border is shut down . 
  still , hungary has to register them according to the laws and when the imigrants move on to another country , they can be returned to hungary . 
  same reason why our government would n't just let them pass - it 's either register them according to the law or piss of the eu . 
  the army has n't stepped in yet and austria is sending reinforcements soon , too . 
  and even then , our prime minister said a corridor to austria is still an option so as long as they keep the illegals out and transport asylum seekers to germany , things will be fine . 
  croatia has been sending buses of immigrants across hungarian border so that may slow down the wave coming towards our border . 
  us slovenes like to complain about our government but i have to say they 're handling the situation well right now . 
  from what i know , our government is in contant contact with hungary , austria and germany so hopefully things will not escalate here like they did in croatia or hungary . 
  we can supposedly handle around 5000 ... 
  in my country , an ambulance will not go to a gypsy village without police protection . 
  there was a big story this year when an ambulance rushed to a gypsy village to help one of the gypsies suffering from a heart attack . 
  he died on spot and the gypsies brutally beat the medical team . 
  this happened in one of the most `` integrated '' gypsy villages in the country . 
  immigrants in europe have access to the same education as natives . 
  if they wanted to integrate , they would . 
  settle the refugees in neighboring african and asian countries and deport the economic migrants . 
  deport the refugees after the situation in their country returns to normal . 
  either srs or the anarchism subreddit . 
  they ban people with opposing views there , so you may fit in better . 
  i wrote the first part of the comment because you were dismissing a bulgarian 's ( a slav 's ) view on tracksuits . 
  and i understand that you wrote that , i just followed with an example from my ( another slavic ) country . 
  work on your geography . 
  in my country , people do n't squat and wear tracksuits either , only the immigrants from the southern yugo republics wear them . 
  this sort of incident did n't happen only once , it has happened before . 
  and we hear of immigrants causing all kinds of ruckus all the time . 
  looking for reasons why they act like that is useless because time and time again , these people prove that they can not live in a european society . 
  we would n't have to deal with some of that ugly shit if we kept these people out of our countries . 
  and it certainly feels to me like some people care more about these illegals than their fellow countrymen , since they 'd rather import thousands of illegals instead of use that money to help the natives . 
  but they are literally that . 
  we let them come here and they will never leave , they are a strain on our resources and bring crime and disease . 
  i support criticism of progressives , myself . 
  progressivism takes away your ability to reason , makes you look at things from a self-hating perspective and makes you like foreigners more than your own people . 
  are you saying that different ethnicities and religions ca n't live together ? 
  that does n't sound very progressive of you . 
  you just made a great argument why we should call them that . 
  they really are bringing the apocalypse because the flood will not stop the way it 's treated right now . 
  there are thousands of people flooding into europe daily and you care what people call them . 
  that 's delusional . 
  oh no , we better not hurt the illegals ' feelings !, 
  not being triggered by every little word . 
  people these days get offended over everything . 
  you do n't need laws for that . 
  all i 'm going to say to that is that it is not yet illegal to have a pair of balls in some countries . 
  this is a place to discuss europe and you do n't need a degree for that . 
  why were so many comments removed from this thread ? 
  i remember seeing a longer version of this one . 
  the woman actually tried the food in front of the illegals because they were complaining about it for some reason . 
  that was before they stormed the van and stole the food . 
  you could make one like this for just about any topic . 
  by your logic , this subreddit should put all discussion in megathreads . 
  or is it just the topics you do n't want to talk about ? 
  yeah , africans are much better . 
  yeah , i hope that ends soon and without too many deaths . 
  one can care about others without being a communist . 
  and it 's not like communists really ever cared about that . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't think daily explosions are normal for a european country . 
  okay . 
  not directly , they are n't , unless you count social democratic party as their successors . 
  but it 's no doubt that universities are a breeding ground for left wing radicals . 
  sweden , france and the uk are showing results of the successful `` integration '' . 
  i do n't think ghettos would exist if everyone was assimilated . 
  and it 's not just immigrants from africa that are causing problems , do n't get me wrong . 
  a multicultural europe was the plan of the communists a long time ago . 
  i meant that it 's being turned into a chaotic , lawless city fit more for a third world country . 
  i am aware that a large number of troublemakers come from former yugoslavia - we have those in my country as well . 
  and on that second part . 
  the swedish government is capable of such crazy ideas , itself . 
  after the crisis is gone , you 'll be left with a large , non-assimilated foreign population . 
  that itself brings a lot of problems for a country . 
  those are immigrants , though . 
  are they not ? 
  and the `` expert '' i was writing about is a professor . 
  good to know that a new generation of marxists is being raised so they 'll continue with the apologism in the future . 
  unemployment , terrorism , higher taxes , lower wages , housing crisis and more than just a slight increase in crime rates . 
  look at malmo for a representation of what an average european city will be like after the resettlement . 
  the immigrants ' violence is turning sweden into iraq and the `` expert '' blames fascism and evil racist whites . 
  this is a disgrace for what used to be a great country and i hope the swedes do not have to endure this for much longer . 
  we are weak as long as we think this way . 
  and this is n't just about a couple of africans - this is about the future of europe . 
  we can open up europe completely and in a couple of years , you will not be affected just by a `` slight '' increase in crime . 
  the way the topic is treated on here is the same as in the real world . 
  discussions are limited because the moment someone goes against the multiculturalist agenda , the shills come in and call him a nazi . 
  and just like in real life , it 's the evil far right nazis that are trying to get us all with the immigration discussion and the only solution is to shut them up . 
  they came to europe for the welfare ; that 's why they want to go to germany , the uk or sweden . 
  assimilation is unnecessary - if these people are refugees , as they claim , they should be prepared for their return home . 
  it 's not like they could be assimilated , any way . 
  i guess back home is n't so bad if they 're complaining about european food . 
  seriously , this whole immigration problem is absurd and it is apparent that all these people want is a life of pleasure and no work . 
  nothing in the article is shocking . 
  the only surprising fact is that the mayor actually managed to make them work . 
  practical idealism .
