  too much has happened in the world throughout history that we could learn all of it in schools , so we learn about the basics plus something about the history of our own nation ; knowing about one 's past is important , after all . 
  they happen every once in a while where i live . 
  the last big one started on the 29th of december and lasted until the 1st of january . 
  the possibility is always there , so there are signs about forest fires by the macadam roads in the woods . 
   massive flag pole stuck in your tiny garden public institutions like schools and city halls have those here but i 've only ever seen one private home with flag poles outside . 
  most homes ( where flags are flown - much too few , i would say ) have flag holders at the front of the house , either on wall or on a balcony . 
  those , as well as automatic knives , are illegal where i come from , but i do n't see why anyone would care about any other sort of knife in your car or in your pocket . 
  the divisions have a historical basis - for centuries , parts of our nation lived in different duchies , separated by mountains , forests , rivers and borders . 
  [ these ] ( http://marianna-ivanova.com/img/minister/svn-map.jpg ) traditional regions are a result of those historical circumstances and the [ dialects ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xo8itmf.jpg ) spoken today are a direct result of these divisions . 
  the smallest part of modern slovenia is prekmurje ( literally `` land over the mura river '' ) . 
  it was part of the hungarian kingdom for most of its existence , retaining hungarian cultural influences and with a small hungarian minority remaining there to this day . 
  the second part of land , the littoral , was for a long time ruled by venice . 
  this is why the cities there are built in an italian style , why the people speak in dialects with a lot of italian loanwords ( and even sounding a bit italian ) and why there is still a small italian minority living there today . 
  the biggest part of the modern country existed as the duchy of carniola - the regions of upper , lower and inner carniola - , the duchy of carinthia ( what is left of it ) and the duchy of styria . 
  the border between carniola and styria was on the sava river and the biggest difference between the two was the fact that the former was inhabited by a slovene majority while styria was settled in the middle ages by the bavarian settlers , with the slovenes slowly being reduced to only populating the lower half of styria , known as lower styria ( untersteiermark ) . 
  carinthia was also colonised by the bavarians and the remaining slovenes on the austrian side speak a dialect with the most german loanwords and influences while the ones in slovene carinthia sound a bit styrian . 
  i would say the situation here is the same , except for the gypsies . 
  yours is one of the countries that has in the last few decades target for gypsies but ours is a country that they have lived in permanently now for a long time - and they do n't go to other countries to steal because they have enough `` work '' here . 
  and i ca n't say they qualify as homeless since they live in gypsy villages , either legal ( in the region known as prekmurje ) or illegal ( most of lower carniolan villages ; they set up on privately-owned land ) . 
  as i 've said , the rest is the same . 
  the few homeless people are all either wrong in the head or addicted to something . 
  it 's always the same `` i need money for food , '' but when you offer food , they tell you to `` go somewhere '' , as we say . 
  but i would n't say there are many of these people , thankfully . 
  the official story is that quotas are a way to help italy and greece but the majority of those coming are aiming for germany , sweden of the uk . 
  and it was germany who invited the immigrants over so the quotas are really just a way to push the immigrants off germany 's back and onto the countries that never asked for them . 
  only a madman would accept the quotas . 
  really , i would compare the quotas to trying to pour out the water from the titanic with a bucket . 
  and merkel is pouring the water from the ship into the life boats now . 
   why did you learn english ? 
  english is a mandatory subject in our primary schools but i was taught quite a lot by my mother when i was still in kindergarten . 
  she thought i would have an advantage when starting my primary education and she was right . 
   how do you treat internal tourists ? 
  as in my fellow countrymen visiting my part of the country ? 
  it 's usually the people from the capital and i have to say they 're often a nuisance . 
   do you expect fellow europeans to speak your language in your country ? 
  it sure would be nice if a tourist knew a couple of words , but i do n't expect them to be good speakers . 
  but anyone staying here for a longer period of time ( or even coming here permanently ) should definitely learn the language . 
   is is worse for someone from an english country to speak english to you as a french person for example , than an estonian to speak english to you ? 
  it does n't really matter as long as we can communicate successfully . 
  she 'd be pouring bud light and not liquor , then : ^ ) ^ ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ ^ russia, 
  where i come from , a lot of camping gear can be found in sport stores . 
  no shotguns , though . 
  hunting is done by something called `` hunting families '' . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly is required for joining but i would expect one would at the very least need a rifle . 
  anyone can fish but there are certain limitations . 
  fishing in the wild ( in the rivers ) is allowed with a permit . 
  otherwise , there are ponds that are filled with fish , bred for the purpose of fishing . 
  of course , since these are privately owned , you have to pay for the fish you catch . 
  in slovenia , there is quite an outdoor culture . 
  a great deal of people enjoy mountaineering . 
  where i come from , we even have a competition for climbing the mountain that i live under . 
  the winner usually has around 360 climbs in a year . 
  mountains are a big part of our identity - some even say that one who does n't climb triglav ( our highest mountain ) at least once in his lifetime is n't a true slovene . 
  probably the ultimate challenge is something we call '' [ planinska magistrala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_mountain_hiking_trail ) '' - it 's a trail that spans mountain peaks from the north-east to the south-west of our country . 
  oh and i guess i should mention that picking mushrooms and chestnuts is quite popular as well . 
  surnames that end with - i\u010d are not automatically non-slovene - you probably meant surnames ending with - i\u0107 . 
  model citizen is something that op was asking about . 
  as i have said , it does n't mean much as it 's just a piece of paper . 
  considering we have been under foreign oppression for so long and have lost a lot of land and our people to foreigners , i do n't see why we should n't be proud that we have made it this far . 
  [ that 's really practical . 
  slovene names and family names . 
  this is n't one of the republics anymore . 
  the `` ex-yugoslavs '' have been here for decades and are n't model citizens . 
  and yes , we are naturally white . 
  a citizen is anyone with slovene citizenship - i guess a `` true citizen '' would be one who speaks slovene well and who has been assimilated into our culture . 
  but that would not make him a slovene - that takes more than just a piece of paper and some knowledge of the country . 
  a foreigner could theoretically become assimilated but it happens rarely . 
  usually , even the second generation of foreigners in the country are much closer to their own kind than to the natives . 
  no , i finish it in one or two drinks . 
  some people sip if they 're drinking some of the stronger stuff but it 's really better to just swallow it down . 
  yes , i guess that 's it , then . 
  if it 's a family gathering there 's what we call a [ \u0161tamprle ] ( http://www.radio1.si/img/gallery/photo/01_cce40b28-afe7-4e20-9c23-a5731af332bc.jpg ) ( i do n't know what you would call this in english ) of usually homemade liquor and usually a cup of coffee with it . 
  wine and champaigne is drunk from the tall wine glasses and everything else from a regular glass . 
  the same is with any sort of party . 
  for a high school or university party ( ie getting wasted ) , the plastic cup is the vessel to use . 
  nobody would want to deal with shards of glass . 
  honestly , the biggest slovene stereotypes that i know of are being jealous and complaining a lot ( i guess they 're somewhat linked ) but we joke about those ourselves . 
  i ca n't say it bothers me since i think there is a lot of truth in these stereotypes . 
  i do n't know what foreigners think about us , though . 
  it would be a bit easier to give you an answer for historical figures famous on a national level so the only one i would mention is [ france pre\u0161eren ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france_pre%c5%a1eren ) , our most famous poet and the author of our anthem who was from upper carniola , the same region i 'm from . 
  in slovenia , it 's just when you 're feeling generous and tell whoever you are giving money to to keep the change . 
  does speaking slovene to a serbo-croatian speaker count ? 
  serbo-croatian is pretty close to slovene in the south slavic continuum but it is a different language . 
  our bureaucracy is complex and works slowly , so that old lady will be buried before anything is done about the splashing . 
  my parents taught me the basics of english in kindergarten and i will do the same with my children , since i believe that brought me a huge advantage in primary school . 
  looking back at how i was raised i would say that the best thing to do with children is to speak to them in the dialect spoken at home , then teach them to read in the literary language and then teach them the basics of a secondary language before primary school . 
  when it comes to media , i read the newspapers and books , watch the news and listen to music in slovene and i watch movies , listen to music and surf the internet in english . 
  for anyone who wants to experience the alpine , mediterranean , pannonian and dinaric world , all in one country , there 's the crossroads of europe that is slovenia . 
  there 's the sea , the plains , the rolling hills with vineyards , wooded hills , the high mountains and even the bogs south of our capital city . 
  and if you 're not the adventurous type , there 's always the tourists traps ; from our only island with the church on top in the scenic alpine world in bled , to the second-largest cave in our country , the postojna cave and to our capital city ljubljana . 
  but just wandering around is n't a problem , either , since every location in our country is never more than a few hours away . 
  basketball , football and handball . 
  during the winter the most popular sports are skiing ( slalom ) and ski jumping . 
  the gypsies are an ethnic group that came to europe sometime during the middle ages from india . 
  some are still nomads but in slovenia , they have settled down in their own villages in the woods or anywhere else away from other people . 
  the sintis are not very well known since they do n't cause much trouble , but the roma gypsies are hated because most of them live criminal lives , mostly stealing ( a popular stereotype that is very often true is that they steal copper and other metals ) . 
  they are also violent towards non-gypsies ; in one of the more civilised gypsy villages in slovenia , they attacked an ambulance after it had arrived because one of the gypsies was having a heart attack . 
  they are especially hated because they receive social support but still live the same way . 
  they in most cases do n't answer for their crimes ( except for cases when vigilantes beat them up , again mostly for theft ) . 
  some western europeans and ngos blame the countries where gypsies live for not `` integrating '' them ; but the fact is that they have lived here for centuries and are still causing trouble .
