  they do not send their children to schools and gypsies who find legal work became outcasts and are often victims of their families attacking them . 
  i did n't say that . 
  they do have serious problems , but they do n't import more of them like we here in the eu do . 
  the european union is racing towards a collapse faster and faster due to the suicidal policies which allow so many illegals to walk on european soil . 
  what used to be the hallmark of the european union , schengen , is slowly withering away as more and more countries build fences on their borders and set up border controls once again . 
  the united kingdom will hold a referendum on whether its people want to leave the eu or not . 
  terrorist attacks claim hundreds of lives and some of the most vile acts are perpetrated on new year 's eve , of all the times . 
  israel , as i have said , does not follow the same misguided policies . 
  the country regularly deports illegals and has , to my knowledge , fortified its border with egypt . 
  lastly , i do not believe that palestine - or a joint-state compromise - will ever become a reality as both sides have for decades proved to be non-cooperative . 
  now , if i have written anything wrong , point it out instead of simply downvoting me . 
  no idea . 
  i may not have read about it but rather heard about it from someone . 
  it 's not really something one would read in a history book , really . 
  centuries ago , istria was divided between the republic of venice and the austrian empire , with the former holding its western coast and the latter holding the eastern coast . 
  this later changed and austria took the whole peninsula . 
  a couple of border changes with its counterpart , the kingdom of hungary , and fiume ( reka ) was now part of hungary . 
  after ww1 , istria went under italian control . 
  yugoslavia got it back after ww2 . 
  the socialist republics of serbia and croatia made a trade , with serbia receiving srem ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/map_of_srem.png ) and croatia in exchange receiving istria . 
  dalmatia was also part of the austrian half of the empire and joined croatia during the formation of the croatian banovina in 1939 . 
  i remember reading that during slovenia 's and croatia 's independence wars , german intelligence hinted to the slovene government that they could send the slovene army to annex istria all the way to reka , but our government decided otherwise . 
  and as for bosnia 's sea ; i 've heard two stories . 
  according to one of them , the merchant republic of ragusa ( dubrovnik ) shared borders with venice and , fearing a war with its neighbor , sold a strip of land to the ottoman empire , cutting of venice . 
  according to the other story , the ottoman empire received the land from venice after a war . 
  i 'm not sure which one is correct , but the strip of land remained part of the ottoman empire , was then annexed with the rest of bosnia by the austrian empire in 1908 and remained part of bosnia to this day . 
  i would vote for him if i was an american . 
  he seems to be the only oone of the candidates ( from my observations ) that is n't afraid of speaking out . 
  he has the right idea about immigration and we would need someone like that in my country ( honestly , i 'll be giving the national party a chance in the next elections , considering their leader is back ) . 
  you also do n't see very often that a politician would fund his own campaign and that does seem to be a good thing , considering one can never know who is actually behind a politician 's words when he is being funded by interest groups . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  in gymnasium ( high school ) , only a couple of professors had either . 
  in university , most had a doctorate , though . 
  as ljubljana gets a lot of tourists , i do n't see why not . 
  in slovenia , you would have to speak slovene to teach mathematics , unless you would be teaching at some sort of international , english-speaking school . 
  yeah , it would make more sense if they spoke galician . 
   slavic languages hey , ca n't blame us . 
  you germans are the ones who ca n't pronounce the r sound . 
  serbo-croatian is a south slavic language , also . 
  the kajkavian dialect of croatian is very close to our styrian or prekmurje dialect because these dialects are spoken next to each other . 
  chakavian or shtokavian are much more distant , but still understood . 
  during my trip across the former yugoslav republics , i was able to use my own upper carniolan dialect with ease , even though upper carniolan and shtokavian are pretty far apart linguistically . 
  still , slavic languages in our region form a continuum so they are still much more similar compared to west or east slavic languages ( although i believe czech and slovak are supposed to be as close to slovene as the serbo-croatian dialects ; which is logical when you remember we were all part of the same tribal union back in the 7th century ) . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard a foreigner speaking slovene . 
  where 's the connection between nationalism and school shootings ? 
  no , i mean in general . 
  yes , federalism was part of that wild ride . 
  i would n't really say the eu is communist , as you seem to be saying . 
  still , i do n't think the eu in its current form is working for us either . 
  the communist terror in yugoslavia started in 1941 , the same year nazism and fascism , but it lasted much longer . 
  the actions of the yugoslav ( and slovene ) communists led to the civil war and more casualties among our people . 
  after the war , thousands of enemies of the regime were murdered , many of them still lying in unmarked graves . 
  as every republic in yugoslavia had to be equal , slovenia was forced to send a lot of its machines and money to the poorer republics . 
  and on `` political rights '' : yes , everyone had the same - none . 
  one party controlled the whole country and criticising it meant a swift trip to the camps ( in the later years ; earlier , they would 've just shot you and left you in an unmarked grave ) . 
  but hey , yugoslavia had it easy . 
  the soviet union , communist china , north korea , ... those are some of the countries where communism showed even more of its evil side . 
  i would n't say that . 
  while i 'm sure there has been some mixing between russians and the native population , most have been settled there from european russia . 
  the question of russia 's genetic background ( i 'm mostly thinking about northern russia 's ugro-finnic genetic footprint ) is another matter . 
  russians are the same in europe and in asia . 
  they 're four fifths of the population of the country , too . 
  our main conservative party is more center right and its leader is a joke who 's been in prison not even a year ago . 
  as it 's still `` the '' conservative party , the slovene democratic party is very popular , coming in second place in most polls and elections . 
  it was the ruling coalition party twice , if i remember correctly . 
  then there 's a party called new slovenia , which is christian democrat party , so it 's pretty conservative itself . 
  it 's one of the more popular parties but still only to the point it has been part of the ruling coalition before . 
  the last one i would mention is the slovene people 's party , which is in some form the successor of the 1892-1945 party . 
  it used to be one of the more popular parties but it failed to gain enough votes to get any seats in the parliament in the last election . 
  we use clocks and watches with either 12 or 24 hours but everyone says `` meet you at five '' instead of `` meet you at 17 '' or anything like that ; you can only hear that on television . 
  the only exception is 12 am ; everyone just calls it midnight . 
  i bought one just like it in either lidl or hofer . 
  you 've got it all wrong . 
  they 're the ones without social classes , so they 're the communists . 
  this is what they do n't want you to know , friend . 
  https://americana83.files.wordpress.com/2008/07/obama-communist-xtra-large-copy.jpg ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i did n't know we got replaced . 
  the only time boxing draws any attention in slovenia is when dejan zavec is the one fighting . 
  you can put the cursor over the flag and it shows you the country 's name . 
  as my flag suggests , slovenia . 
  i do n't think i 've ever even heard it on the radio . 
  our `` country '' music sounds like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7gfnagyes8, 
  i am not familiar with any problems concerning the slovene diaspora , but i do agree that it is not just non-european immigrants that are the problem - our non-assimilated population comes from former yugoslavia . 
  this does n't change my views at all . 
  nation states of europe should take care of their own people , first . 
  if that means deportations and stricter border control , so be it . 
  we still have a huge unassimilated foreign population and we also have to take care of high unemployment . 
  bringing in more people wo n't help ; social support spending , the percentage of foreign population , the rate of crime , unemployment will increase . 
  immigration is not the solution for europe 's falling birth rates . 
  if the majority of people in your country think the same way you do , fine . 
  but not everyone wants to throw away his culture and history for huge groups of foreigners with no connection to the country they came to . 
  these are refugees ; when the time comes , they should be sent back home . 
  if it was about nationalism , no one could ever cross the outside schengen border illegally . 
  but with the situation in europe as it is , european countries are forced to stand around while the european parliament discusses how to be as humanitarian as possible . 
  the eu is pretty much blackmailing individual european countries to make them accept their demands . 
  and if it was n't the eu doing it , it would be the un . 
  cheaper and also much friendlier to the native population . 
  i live in one of the smaller countries in europe but i can say that we are also one of the most diverse ones . 
  in one country , one can go from the alps to the coast of the adriatic sea , to the dinaric range to the pannonian basin , all in one day . 
  to begin with , here 's a map of our traditional regions : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/pokrajine.png .
