  in slovene , the schwa sound ( the `` uh '' ) is n't counted as a vowel ( we literally call it half-vowel ) so that seemed the same to me . 
  does the fact that they 're rhotic change anything ? 
  seems to me like they lack a proper vowel in any case . 
  anyway , here 's some examples from slovene : krt ( mole ) , mrk ( eclipse ) , brk ( moustache ) , srk ( sip ) . 
  there are many examples in standard slovene but even more in dialects . 
  i 'll plead ignorance . 
  it feels good to be a special snowflake ... 
  the logical companion of singular and plural in language . 
  it 's still present in english in certain elements ( both , neither , ... ) , to be honest . 
  what i find a quirky language feature ( or lack thereof ) is the non-existence of dual in other languages . 
  also , i do n't quite get your point but africans and asians can indeed be catholic . 
  the vast majority of the foreigners i 've met - either those who came here or who were born in the country - go from those who are completely unassimilated to those who speak heavily-accented , broken slovene and still act like they were somewhere in the middle of the balkans . 
  there are those who have assimilated and speak passable slovene , some even speaking it well but it must be a city thing to call them slovenes because they are obviously not one of us . 
  yes , of course . 
  i 've been to the one `` proper '' island in slovenia several times and i 've also been to a few others ( britain , krk , venice ) . 
  i looked it up and the distance between my home and the border crossing on the border with austria is 11km . 
  i can say i 've been to celovec ( klagenfurt ) more often than to ljubljana ; i go to celovec more than once a year but have n't been to our capital every year . 
  not an official one . 
  they 've been here for a few decades . 
  those do n't do n't have any actual meaning and they 're all wrong , to be honest . 
  no , there have been talks of serbs making their own party because they feel like they need more privileges and i do n't like that either . 
  happened in prekmurje , actually . 
  slavs are an ethno-linguistic category . 
  i am of slovene ethnicity , of course . 
  it 's true , i 've read in a newspaper that ambulances do not enter gypsy villages/shantytowns without police support anymore . 
  one of the attacks happened in one of the more `` integrated '' settlements , too . 
  no , being from the european continent does n't have the same meaning as being from my ethnicity . 
  i 'm from an atheist/agnostic ( depending on who you ask ) family but there are several crosses , pictures and a statue of the virgin mary located around the house because my mother is into collecting religious items . 
  i know , never found an answer as to why that 's the case ) ) ) ) ), 
  ironically enough , your username is three letters away from the name of a [ city ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bariloche ) that was supposedly a popular destination for escaping nazis . 
  from my experience it 's a russian thing ) ) ) ) ), 
  i would totally support implementation of it . 
  when someone is looking for trouble by breaking in another man 's home , there should be no `` proportional '' self-defence in such cases . 
  it 's crazy how criminals can sue the people they wanted to steal from because those people did n't want to have things stolen from them . 
  i do n't know , you do n't really hear about the slovene minority in the neighbouring country ( or slovenes around the world ) that much . 
  they get the occasional mention in the news but that 's it . 
  after the standardisation of the language , zagreb as the centre of power received more shtokavian influence . 
  from what i 've heard , it 's also the place in croatia where you may hear the most german loanwords . 
  from what i understand , places like ( croatian ) zagorje speak the purest kajkavian . 
  it would be great if a croat expanded on this , to be honest . 
  uskoki were shtokavian afaik . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hpzcqt-cjg ) a nice song in kajkavian . 
  you can hear that styrian `` f '' ( kajkafci ) in it . 
  kajkavian is closest to slovene pannonian dialects . 
  the generations who were raised in yugoslavia learned serbo-croatian in school . 
  anyone younger would n't understand it well or not at all ( unless somehow being in contact with it , of course ) . 
  it is , especially because most speak a language closest to ours . 
  i 've heard enough immigrants who have lived here for decades and do n't speak slovene to doubt that a tourist would surprise me like that . 
  did you mean silvo plut ? 
  vito plut appears to be a football player . 
  i do n't see how that 's connected to me not meeting any croatian tourists . 
  i 've never met any croatian tourists . 
  i 've never experienced that and i doubt i ever will . 
  hey , i do n't know how it works but that 's apparently how it 's done . 
  he 's been making schnapps for decades . 
  the cheapest would probably be homemade schnapps , as long as you got the equipment from an uncle or something . 
  all you 'd need would be fruit , some containers , firewood and some branches ( i have n't cooked myself but from what i understand , they 're put in for taste ) . 
  as for the percentage , i do n't think there 's a way to determine that ; all i can say is that my uncle 's schnapps burns real hard . 
  you can also use that for a person and say that he 's a czech if he dresses or acts in a weird/funny way . 
  we also say `` do n't be a jew '' , although there is also a local equivalent as upper carniolans are thought to have the same qualities . 
  well they do have some interesting chants , too . 
  to be honest , people are doing the same with the eu and europe . 
  every morning , i get down on the floor pointing towards brussels and pray for the destruction of everything american , as is the official eu-sanctioned policy . 
  that 's like in standard slovene , then , where we also pronounce the last l as u in verbs . 
  sorry , ca n't answer that because i have no idea . 
  from the previous thread on this topic :  i speak some form of the upper carniolan dialect ; i wrote some form because linguists say we all speak a single dialect here in upper carniola but there are clear differences . 
  excuse me for i am not a linguist , but i 'll try and explain some features of the dialect . 
   one of the most noticeable features of my dialect is \u0161vapanje . 
  this means that and l sound is pronounced as v ( or more precisely , w ) . 
  an example : '' \u0161la '' ( the female form for `` going '' ) turns into '' \u0161va '' . 
   another very noticeable feature of the dialect are shortenings and mergings of words . 
  it is an old stereotype that upper carniolans are frugal ( others would use different terms , but that 's a story for a different thread ) and this can be seen in the way we speak . 
  i do n't know the rules behind this phenomenon but i use this in daily life . 
  for example , `` ali bo\u0161 \u0161el '' ( `` will you go '' ) would be `` au\u0161 \u0161u '' , `` ne bom '' ( `` i wo n't '' ) becomes `` nam '' , `` koliko '' ( how much ) becomes `` kok '' , and so on . 
   pretty much every sentence contains some sort of german loan words . 
  these entered our dialect first around 900ad ( these can still be found in the standard literary language ) while we borrowed others between the 12th and the 13th century , if i remember correctly . 
  the words have middle high german and bavarian origin . 
   i suppose those are the most noticeable features of our dialect but there are of course many other elements that make our dialect unique . 
  i would n't say i 'd ever be angry but it does sound a bit weird when an american boasts about being irish , german , slovene or any other ethnicity because their idea of `` old world '' culture is really just a snapshot , they do n't speak the language and probably ca n't even pronounce their surname the way it 's supposed to be pronounced . 
  that must be a german thing because here people do n't automatically become our ethnicity when they become citizens . 
  hopefully it will lead to more tourism money from any american wanting to see where trump 's wife comes from . 
  here , there are some village where a specific name is used for the old inhabitants and a different name for newcomers . 
  makes sense that people whose ancestors lived in the same village would stick together . 
  it 's not an air mattress ; it seems my memory got a bit hazy . 
  this is what i was talking about , indeed . 
  the czech word for blowing sounds the same as a colloquial slovene term for fucking . 
  years ago , there was even a commercial where a slovene couple sit at the beach and a czech shouts to his son to inflate one of those air mattresses , only for the couple to look at each other as they hear `` fukaj , jo\u017eek , fukaj ! '', 
  lemonade is squeezed lemon juice with water and possibly sugar . 
  i 've never heard of any other way to make lemonade . 
  a europe-wide ban seems a bit peculiar to me . 
  i doubt the european commission woud make such decisions . 
  in any case , i 've seen lots of koreans walking around with those sticks and although i know there are people out there who are n't very fond of them ( the sticks , that is ) , i 'm not aware of that affecting actual country policy . 
  we use both systems but you 're only ever going to use the regular 12 hour system in conversation . 
  even then , saying 12 sounds a bit strange - it 's either noon or midnight . 
  here , that would be `` res je '' which means the same thing ( literally `` it 's true '' . 
  it 's usually said if people are talking about something and someone sneezes so it 's taken as some sort of confirmation . 
  no , it 's a twenty minute drive away . 
  it 's not mandatory so you can leave some change , perhaps round up , if you want to do so . 
  it was quite surprising when i first learned that americans are forced to tip . 
  for a moment i thought i stumbled into a `` what are some critical things czechs should know before travelling to your country '' thread .
