russian and ukrainian are close related . 
  they have a similar grammar and phonology . 
  ukrainian has many polish loanwords and russian many south slavic/church slavic loanwords so lexically ukrainian is closer to polish but other linguistic features are east slavic and closest to belarusian and russian, 
  kiev was the centre of kievan rus and old rus language ( ancestral to ukrainian/russian/belarusians ) was based on dialects spoken around kiev . 
  novgorod had its own east slavic language/dialect which had some west slavic features . 
  some linguists even think novgorodian was a fourth group of slavic languages, 
  not really . 
  chinese are so close to koreans or japanese like greeks are to ukrainians or russians . 
  they speak different languages , look different and have very differenr cultures . 
  ukrainians , belarusians and russians have a common origin ( kievan rus , ... ) and are east slavic rus people but that does not mean that ukrainians are not distinct from russians . 
  a big problem here is that most imams can not speak the local language properly and were educated outside of europe so they have often backward views . 
  i visited some mosques and yes they dont talk about extemism but they also lack secular views and try to blame germans for the problems of the muslim community . 
  they talk about discrimination all the time but nowhere in germany i have seen discrimination against them . 
  israel is really trying anything to be unsympathetic . 
  some israeli political analysts already mentioned sympathy for is because they are killing shias and iranians . 
  iran has and never had really any interest in attacking israel . 
  they know they would lose and i dont really see what they would get from attacking israel, 
  this are probably the same people who get triggered about `` political incorrect '' jokes and talk about safe spaces . 
  they are hypocrites and are here not much better behaving than trumpsters . 
  the map is correct indo-european languages were spoken in estonia before uralics arrived there . 
  not all i1 , i2b is probably germanic but yes there is an east germanic substrate in poland and czechia . 
  but this ancient connections are much too old to be relevant today . 
  czehs , poles and slovaks are just west slavs and share more of their traditions with east slavs than with west europeans . 
  proto-slavic immigration was quite significant and even balkan slavs have a lot of proto-slavic ancestry . 
  i was not in czechia but poland and germany for example are quite distinct . 
  the mentality , food , folklore , languages and traditions are very different . 
  in east germany there are some similarities because of communist rule and some slavic minorities like sorbs but if you cross the border you feel like you enter another world . 
  danes are closer to germans . 
  north germans in slesvig are similar to danes and were until recently part of denmark . 
  nw germans are similar to dutchs and both danish and especially dutch are closely related to german language, 
  absurd map . 
  germany is culturally much closer to netherlands , denmark or belgium than to poland or slovakia . 
  central-east europe is distinct from both germany and russia/belarus/ukraine, 
  i like nawalny but he has no chance and can be glad that he is still alive . 
  at least the protest show another more positive picture of russia, 
  most russians are shaved it is much more common in west europe to wear beards or to be unshaved . 
  the problem in russia is that too many men have very short haircuts or outdated styles . 
  it seems that the ruling parties try to get voters back from afd by limiting immigration and deporting some of them or at least by announcing new deportations . 
  deporting immigrants is in many cases not so easy like it sounds because most of the home countries dont want to take refugees/immigrants back . 
  it is quite absurd that our government is saying that afghanistan is safe and everybody in germany knows that this is bs . 
  even some afd politicians said afghanistan is not safe at all . 
  but the government wants to show strength and afghans are easiest to deport . 
  but absurdly mass deportations are not planned for immigrants from north africa despite being most problematic and coming from countries which are much safer than afghanistan, 
  in the latest polls afd ( far right party ) was around 10 % what is compared to the rest of europe and usa nothing . 
  they are very much losing support in the last moths because of trump , brexit and the immigration is much less dominant in media now . 
  he really has no sense of irony, 
  i talked about schr\u00f6der and it was the spd who did this reforms so they deserve credit for this . 
  cdu stands for nothing ( i am not even sure how many germans know what are their ideas ) and it is now just the merkel fan club without any own ideas . 
  they took ideas from other parties to weaken them and they did no catastrophic mistakes yet but neither they did very much for the future of germany some spd members need to stop with the self hating because of agenda 2010 . 
  they are doing a good job in the federal states which they rule and they are the only party which combines decent social policies with reasonable free trade policies . 
  cdu is not so bad and they are doing a decent job but cdu is the party of stagnation and as long as they are the senior partner of the coalition there will be not many reforms which would help germany to stay more competitive and preserve social standards . 
  spd started the last big reforms in germany which stabilized the economy and made germany so successful economically . 
  but they lost many votes because of this reforms which were quite hard for some people . 
  i doubt ukrainians had anything to do with it either russia wants to silence people who know to much or are too crazy/radical . 
  also it seems that there are many infightings between different rebel groups . 
  fdp would have much potential if they were more social-liberal like in the past when they worked with spd but they betrayed spd and become a copy of cdu for rich people . 
  very sad because i would very like a social-liberal spd-fdp coalition, 
  to be honest i hope spd gets more votes than cdu and gr\u00fcne and linke not enough for a coalition with spd so that schulz will become chancellor under a spd/cdu coalition . 
  yeah i hate to see again a grand coalition but they are reasonable unlike die linke and can be competent ministers . 
  an unstable government ruined by populism and anti-western propaganda from die linke would harm spd for many years, 
  almost all parties in germany are now support\u00edng more immigration restrictions to some extent even die linke . 
  i dont think it will be such an important topic during the elections . 
  the government is now trying to deport immigrants and to restrict immigration so that cdu and other parties can get voters back from afd . 
  so afd will lose voters in the next months . 
  also if trump fucks up our trade and relations with america afd will also lose popularity, 
  the conflict was started by russian special forces recruiting local people without this there would be surely no violent uprising there, 
  yeah it is a fascist fake country created by lenin and jews ( sounds idiotic but is a common myth among russian nationalists ), 
  osce blamed russia for the escalation so stop trolling . 
  they know trump will do nothing to help ukraine and the eu will be just `` hyper concerned '' so they are attacking ukraine, 
  the soviet union was a terrible place to live and yeah many of its crimes are not even discovered yet but at least it was not nationalist and racist like modern day russia . 
  i still do n't understand the ideology of the modern russian state it is both pro-zarist and pro-communist . 
  they adore stalin and the tsars at the same time . 
  i can not feel sorry for `` brothers '' who hate and attacked us for no good reason . 
  i never expected that russia would invade ukraine and that russians would hate ukrainians so much because of cheap propaganda . 
  it is almost like they harass us and kill thousands of us just to show the world that they are `` powerful '' . 
  after crimea , illovaisk , debalzewo , . . i hate russia . 
  two of my grandparents were russians but after this i feel only disgust for russia and want to see the end of russia . 
  russia must reinvent itself and give up his imperialist ambitions or ukrainians will never forgive russia, 
  majority of russians believe this . 
  the concept of ukraine as independent state is an insult for russians which deny the existence of ukrainian identity , history and language . 
  some russians are moderate and have liberal views but from personal experience most support russian imperialism . 
  in the end very few in the west care about russian massacres in ukraine . 
  it feels almost like ukraine is sacrificed so that relations with russia are not destroyed . 
  when russian proxies execute pows , political activists and loot towns this hardly gets in the news . 
  russians see ukrainians as `` inferior russians '' who need to be subjugated . 
  i was pro-russian actually untill russians invaded another country , killed pows , tortured soldiers and make fun of all this . 
  it is disgusting to send pictures of burned , killed and dead ukrainian soldiers to their familes . the rebels and russian soldiers in eastern ukraine act in many ways like is and have the same mentality just replace some key words of their propaganda, 
  yeah this is a tragedy and it is wrong to be happy about this plane crash but most of them were directly or indirectly linked to the russian army and many here have no idea about how many russians celeberated the death of ukrainian soldiers . 
  they send pictures of tortured and killed soldiers to their families and made fun of them . 
  they slaughtered them in debalzewo and illovaisk despite promising that ukrainians can leave the towns through a corridor . 
  they executed pows and political activists . 
  for ukrainians they are what al qaida/is is for the west . 
  actually in russia many even on tv made fun about the mh17 crash but nobody in the west watches russian tv, 
  but all ukrainians are gay fascists controlled by zionists . 
  i saw with my own eyes in russian tv that ukrainians are eating russian children ( this idiots seriously claimed this in russian tv ) . 
  anyways it is fucking annoying how less the west is caring about ukraine and that it allowed russia to kill thousands of ukrainian soldiers . 
  ukrainians wanted to attack russian artillery positions when this strikes happened and asked usa to hand out their positions but usa refused to give it and thanks to this ukrainians were slaughtered after russian trops entered ukraine, 
  according to some pro-rebel accounts on social media the rebels got very much slaughtered and lost more than dozens of men . 
  the local militias are totally incompetent and without russian troops and special forces ukrainian army would defeat them already 2014 . 
  russian power is very much exagerrated .
