former of course former , the kgb does n't exist anymore ( under that name at least ), 
  and it 's true !, 
  wow , you are not exaggerating !, 
  actually he did write `` 30m west ( along the border ) '' . 
  which is perfectly clear . 
  this should be a thing . 
  not true . 
  being honest about the past is very important for many reasons . 
  first and foremost the lack of it shows that turkey is ready for foul play anytime . 
  and in the background the [ lovely hospital that looks like a factory ] ( http://www.derichs-konertz.de/data/media/images/scan006-1_4bd6ba1f0e543.jpg ) . 
  [ well ... ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/db/quake_epicenters_1963-98.png ), 
  posting a youtube link is the exact opposite of a debate . 
  according to this , only 10 % of germans speak german on a conversational level . 
  seems a bit off . 
  i never said that is the main reason for many people . 
  i personally do n't vote for her , but i can appreciate what she did to better her party . 
  no , even the fact that the spd does n't have any good candidates alone does n't explain why the cdu almost got an absolute majority . 
  people could have voted for any of the other three parties , but all of them lost as well ( when comparing the 2009 and the 2013 elections ) . 
  of course they all do n't have particularly strong candidates either . 
  but somehow people ca n't seem to accept that she is pretty damn successful being a woman . 
  there , i said it . 
  she is the first female chancellor . 
  so apparently the only reason for her success can be that her opponents are so bad . 
  in our * oh so progressive country * people still have trouble praising a female chancellor for her personal success . 
  i do n't buy that shit . 
  really in my view she is the most pleasant and one of the best ( or even the best ) chancellor the cdu ever had . 
  and that is why i think she is so successful . 
  people would n't vote for her , if they did n't like her . 
  i mostly appreciate her for dismantling the ultra-conservative part of her party in the first few years of her chancellorship . 
  edit : gemeinsam erfolgreich in europa - together successful in europe mein erfolg - my success mein reich : europa - ... einsam in europa - lonely in europe einsam reich in europa - the only rich person in europe nsa erfolgreich in europa - nsa successful in europe gemein erfolgreich - cruelly successful, 
  to be fair , this does n't show any numbers for the us . 
  also , us citizens likely still have more diverse ethnic backgrounds than norway . 
  i think beck2012 means political asylum . 
  no , uk is sixth . 
  second in europe . 
  wow, 
  i love how in one country it is a measure of volume . 
   i do n't get what they 're after . 
  votes from their conservative base . 
  you say it - it 's not a perfect analogy . 
  the main difference is that the `` last mile '' was n't touched at all ( at least in germany ) . 
  inside the home all you have is a different/additional 50 $ device . 
  compare that to ripping every single home in the country completely apart . 
  a comparable analogy would be to upgrade the natural gas grid to support hydrogen and heating homes via hydrogen made with electrolysis . 
  which incidentially would also solve the electricity storage problem we face with renewables in germany , because the grid has a huge capacity . 
  the approach has other problem , though . 
  actually , the government does subsidize energy efficiency measures , which include electrically powered heat pump systems . 
  i think what ( s ) he meant to say was that it takes some time for such a switch to have a measurable effect . 
  changing the type of power generation also does n't require you to rip tens of millions homes apart . 
   [ ... ] all naval vessels that are controlled by german companies , that account for 1/3 of the global merchant fleet . 
  wow , i was n't aware !, 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  ( [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_merchant_marine_capacity_by_country ) seems to tell a different story ), 
  actually this is in their personal financial interest , because most of them are travelling a lot between countries . 
  i would hazard a guess that this is the real reason they are pushing this so much . 
  on the other hand you have less road deaths than most countries had 10 years earlier . 
  ( i did n't downvote you ) government bonds usually have a fixed run time and at the end of it , they will be paid back , unless the country has a default in the meantime . 
  of course you ca n't expect them to be free of debts until then , but this does n't matter : they will issue new bonds and new investors will take a calculated risk with a new `` negotiated '' interest rate then . 
  the big problem will be , if the percieved risk stays high for a long time , then the interest rate will also stay high and so the debts will continue to mount ( in addition to debts the government makes by spending more than the running income ) . 
  and at some time they might be high enough that no one will buy bonds anymore , no matter the interest rate offered . 
  but for those people who lent their money now this is only a problem if that happens before their bond is `` over '' . 
  the reason probably being that in the usual counting method we are so used to , a gold medal is worth infinitely more than a silver medal . 
  oh , please , no !, 
   both is not the main reason to have a military . 
  i know , national defense is . 
  which is not necessary atm . 
   the first claim is just bullshit in western countries . 
  i said that is the only two uses nowadays . 
  i did n't say both are relevant for europe . 
   you are forgetting a large number of un sanctioned interventions , where military helped to stop the suffering and dying of millions . 
  i am not . 
  but uno sanctioned interventions do n't require big militaries from a single nation or a small group of nations , as they can be carried out as a joined effort by many nations . 
  developed nations do n't seem to be settling their differences with military confrontation anymore . 
  even what 's going on between china and japan right now likely wo n't end in a real armed conflict . 
  military these days is not employed for defense , it is used either against the own population or for interventions in dictatorships with little success . 
  so why waste the resources ? 
  if defense would ever become an issue again , we could still ramp up the military with some delay ( 5-15 years i guess , and a threat wo n't show up from one day to the next ) . 
  also what makes you think that a eu military would be `` the good guys '' ? 
  short term , of course . 
  medium term , i guess . 
  but long term ( i am talking 100 or 200 years from now ) , europe could be the bully of the world again . 
  there is nothing inherently better , more peaceful , etc. 
  in european tradition compared to the rest of the world , if you consider it 's complete history . 
  why play this game ? 
  why do n't we just let the other have fun and we do grown up stuff in the meantime ? 
  some other countries might find that inspiring and follow our lead . 
  as you can even see in the picture , the protesters also use the ua flag . 
  does that mean that they fight for the ua government ? 
  of course not . 
  but they identify themself as europeans and fight for european values as opposed to russian values . 
   beside the world needs more ~ ~ military mights ~ ~ great powers than the us and russia . 
  ftfy . 
  also , i disagree . 
  to attract scientists from all over the world . 
  [ the german chancellor at the time . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_kohl ), 
  i remember a report by * der spiegel * a few years ago when they releaved secret documents from the end of the cold war that revealed that moscow was open to returning it to germany , but kohl had no interest in it . 
  charles lane 's ( washington post ) appeal to germany : do n't make the same mistake with the nsa scandal as you made when you rejected the iraq invasion . 
  better stay passive instead of working to make a change for the better . 
  well , thanks for the tip , charlie !,
