  whatever assumption you made ( and my first thought was that a smart library for date/time critical applications make it easy to convert times and dates between timezones )  we use libraries for date time calculations , but can i be sure off the top of my head that all code that uses such libraries will be correct with a switch to cet ? 
  i would be daft to make such an assumption , and so would you . 
  that is understandable , but it sounds a whole lot different from what you wrote first . 
  first of all , time and date arithmic is complicated enough so it should be encapsulated so that all code surrounding this topic should be in one place and easy to maintain and adjust to the latest legislation . 
  secondly , time zones change from time to time . 
  this is not something completely unknown to mankind . 
  assuming a timezone for a certain location and spreading this assumption over a big code base is a classic case of `` doing something wrong '' . 
  do you really think a lot of programmers have made the same mistake as you ? 
  i mean , come on , at least since the year 2000 people should be a tad smarter than that . 
  actually , if anything , stories like this should be an argument for putting the standard time somewhere in the middle of the ocean , and the date line in the middle of a continent , just so people have to think about this or use a nice class/library that handles all the cases and do n't spread their buggy code all over the place . 
  greenwich technically is n't on gmt , but on utc ( which is different , because it has leap seconds ) , but yeah , that was my first though , too, 
  it 's a c battery . 
  i think , it 's even the other way around . 
  living for 9 years in britain , at some point you loose most of the accent of your native language . 
  but he still tries to sound german , because its part of his role . 
   atrocity : a mass execution near vinnitsa , ukraine , 1942 , helps shatter the myth of an honourable wehrmacht who ever thought the nazi wehrmacht was honourable must be a complete idiot . 
  is 25 % low ? 
  germany has 7.9 % youth unemployment . 
   how is that a bias towards the uk and us ? 
  mysticgreen did n't say it was . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_convention_ ( germany ), 
  there is such a thing as a president in germany and people ca n't vote for him directly . 
  not a problem at all ( depending on what kind of powers such a president would have , of course ) . 
  the most important question for a government system in my opinion is how the legistlative is elected . 
  i use osmand ( free and with openstreetmaps ) . 
  the navigation does n't always use the shortest/fastest path , but the software steadily gets better . 
  the linked image belongs to an article that states that in 2012 it is * projected * to be above china 's . 
  ( 210 bln us$ vs 203 bln us$ ) i got confused , because the image refers to 2011 . 
  who said that ? 
   can you explain why this is a problem ? 
  it sounds like something good . 
  it means that germany does a lot of things `` right '' . 
  but it 's not sustainable in the long run . 
  if the problem is that other countries have to indebt themself to buy the necessary products , then raising the prices wo n't solve it . 
  or am i missing anything ? 
  you could use the `` discuss this issue with other readers ! '', 
  link at the bottom . 
  well ... 
  the numbers on the columns are in percent of gdp , the colors denote absolute numbers in billion us$ . 
  are you asking because you think about moving to either of the two contries ? 
  [ * what could possibly go wrong ? 
  * ] ( http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/rising-us-deficit.jpg ), 
   the borrowing rates for countries like germany would shoot up you mean return to normal ? 
  are they made by siemens ? 
  we had a similar story in germany two years ago , that the acs of new siemens trains stop working when its above 32 \u00b0 c. 
  that 's the same as the first four on the chart ( top left ) . 
   is she becoming a * dictator * ? 
  ... what ? 
  i do n't think the word means what you think it means . 
  freedom of religion is in the basic law , too . 
  as i wrote a judge can decide , which one is more important on a case by case basis . 
  but to make a general decision is the legislatives job , especially since the opposite was precticed for centuries . 
  it was n't considered k\u00f6rperverletzung for centuries , it is a custom practiced by two major religions in germany for a lomg time without being some kind of secret . 
  there is somethimg called `` gewohnheitsrecht '' , which is considered as strong as written law , which this most likely falls under ( imo ) . 
  outlawing it can arguably be considered a violation of the freedom of religion , which is why even the court made it a question about which right is more important . 
  to make a final decision about it should be the responsibility of the legislative . 
  it is just sad , that progress will be slower because of this , but in my opinion , the situation can only be solved by a combination of the following two : 1 . 
  the medical community and health insurers should point out that this has no proven benefit in any medical sense . 
  there are still too many people who believe that . 
  on the other hand , like any medical procedure it has risks . 
  religious groups should influence their `` sheeps '' to understand that religous service to any god should be more about acts of `` loving thy neighbor '' than about some symbols of religiosity . 
  why ? 
  very simple : law has the function to enable a peaceful and just living together . 
  if law alienates a large portion of the population , it does n't serve this goal . 
  it should be outlawed at some point . 
  but i do n't think right now is the best point in time to outlaw it completely without broad discussion inside the two big religious groups that this concerns . 
   legal certainty has already been established . 
  it is illegal . 
  what they want is to change the law to establish a legal certainty different than the currently existing legal certainty . 
  no , in germany courts ( other than the constitutional court ) do n't create new law . 
  we have a democratically elected parliament for that . 
  other than that i agree with you . 
  the sooner people realize that more aggressive election campaigns might make it easier for new parties to get votes , but harder to get your platform advanced resulting in a desillusioning of voters , the better . 
  as can be seen here : politicians * need * to make compromises , to get stuff ( even their own ) done . 
  i just fear for the times , when people ca n't see anymore beyond the partisanship anything that needs to get done . 
  this is why i hope that we will always have problems to solve in a political way , that everyone ( or at least a majority ) agrees that they are at least that : * problems . 
  * ( or you might call them * challanges * ), 
  if you read further , there is a distinction made between absolute poverty and relative poverty . 
  absolute poverty means ( when put shortly ) , you can not afford your living . 
  relative poverty means your income is significant lower than the median of your country . 
  it is very important to distinguish between the two . 
  when talking about a european country , most of the time it will be about the relative poverty , while when talking about poverty in africa/asia/south america , it more often will be about absolute poverty ( because we do n't really care about relative poverty in those regions , sad but true ), 
   at least it wo n't be the german taxpayer who is funding sky wizard worshippers mutilating their children . 
  as long as no complications happen , this is n't paid by taxpayers ( or insurance payers ) . 
  if something happens , it will be payed by the insurance of course , just like if you break your leg doing semi dangerous sports or if you mutilate yourself . 
  so , the costs should not be a valid argument in my opinion . 
  it should be about the right of the kid to be unharmed . 
  i agree with you , and i think that it is a catastrophe , that she does n't want eurobonds . 
  but , you have to be fair about one thing : merkel or her cabinet never implied in any way that they will ever agree to eurobonds . 
  the first one to bring that into the discussion was juncker of luxembourg , and sch\u00e4uble ( german finance minister ) was very fast to reject the idea from the beginning . 
  to play the devil advocate : yes , they wanted the south to reform , and yes they made that a condition for money , but they always made perfectly clear that each single transfer will always be coupled with conditions . 
  eurobonds would mean that there wo n't be any conditions anymore . 
  of course you could have rules and punishments for people that go beyond the deficit rules , but you could not cut off the money anymore . 
  what does `` under 1 % . .10 % '' even mean ? 
  do those regions have anywhere from 0 % to 1 % or from 1 % to 10 % ? 
  the label `` under 1 % '' implies in my opinion , that its between 0 % and 1 % . 
  the same with `` 70 % . . over 80 % '' . 
  i mean the range 60 % . .80 % is missing . 
  or if you count from the top , the range 1 % . .20 % would be missing . 
  8 steps : * 1 : under 1 % * 2 : 1 % . .10 % ?
