  are you saying there is nothing positive going on in europe , so that any positive post would distort reality ? 
  you were not really wrong . 
  if i interpret google image search correct , a pen can be either the ball point type or the fountain type . 
  stift is usually a pencil ( graphite or colored ) or a marker/whiteboard pen , but can also be used as `` everything that can write or draw '' . 
  probably depends on the region . 
   all the million kevins from east germany wow . 
   could n't be law desgined to tax only actual money inheritance , not assets that are part of company ? 
  that would be a huge loop hole , basically making the whole tax worthless , because anybody can just put their money in a company . 
  i find it pretty intuitive to be honest . 
  i have seen diagrams of this type with radius proportional to the quantity represented and found that misleading . 
  other types oft diagrams make it hard to combine quantities of very different magnitude , so this might even be the best kind of diagram in this case . 
  at least the best i can think of right now . 
  why ? 
  one aspect is certainly that after reunification many east germans went to the western part of unified germany , because of the dire economic situation in the east and good chances in the west because of the common language . 
  this probably increased the percentage of people with positive views of russia in the east . 
  if you do n't count the deaths ... 
   also there is no way that man united have the cheapest season tickets - i believe that honour goes to man city . 
  same for the german club . 
  i think this is supposed to be the cheapest ticket in those particular stadiums . 
  not sure if i agree , for this simple reason : germans and french are depicted as strange/quirky but in a nice way . 
  the german version does n't show any interaction with the africans at all , unless you call the sign an interaction , just because it is hard to imagine how any interaction would be shown without being either negative or not genuine . 
  well , i could even imagine that the original idea was showing africans being numbered and standing in line , but then it was decided that instead of forming an army of africans , the germans should be forming a giraffe army , which is so absurd that it basically says nothing besides `` we bring our german sense order to that continent . '', 
  so while this might not be propaganda per se , it is n't satire either . 
  it would be hard to imagine such a magazine surviving in the third reich anyway . 
  it is maybe politally correct humor for germans . 
  what ? 
  i agree . 
  i mean of course i do n't exactly know what happened , but he should know that anything controversial will get the attention of people with a different opinion . 
  that should n't be a reason to stop his work . 
  he is n't a `` good weather '' comedian , is he ? 
  the private opinion of supreme justices ( and ex ) is interesting , but it does n't mean the government did anything wrong . 
  after all there is [ this thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presumption_of_innocence ) , even in politics . 
  when the border to poland was opened , everyone painted the devil on the wall : this will increase burglary and take away jobs from the lower class . 
  well , the truth is of course that both happened . 
  not on dramatic scale , but it happened . 
  but to be honest , harvesting asparagus is work better suited for people who do n't use our own health insurance system . 
  it is probably cheaper for us to pay social security then the doctors bills , so that is a win-win . 
  and of course bulgary did increase to levels of the good old times . 
  so what , we make sure that we have good locks on the doors , that we do n't keep windows open when we are away and a few additional security measures . 
  i see the plus side : when we put bulky waste on the street for the garbage collection to pick up , the `` private recyclers '' from the east are way quicker to pick it up . 
  they literally help you carrying the stuff out if you need help . 
  my point is , people here on r/europe tend to only see the negative side to everything . 
  the world is changing constantly and it is impossible to know the future . 
  if we help a few people in need , of course that could become expensive , but at least we helped people in need for that . 
  but it could also be that it turns out not to be so expensive as the projections make it seem . 
  it is a long way to get the german economy down even slightly to european average level . 
  well , you know , the fallacy that giving food and shelter to refugees is the same as destroying property . 
  how dare a democratic government making decisions for its electorate . 
  but the same is true in europe . 
   a proportion ( not going to argue how many here ) even look to the east and see rapid development ( at the expense of human rights , democracy ) and wonder where it all went wrong for europe . 
  the east is playing catch-up at the moment . 
  until it reaches a comparable level of development , i do n't see how the pace at which it develops should be compared to the wests pace of adcancement . 
  same exists [ in germany ] ( http://www.radiobremen.de/nachrichten/latein/audio158762-popup.html ), 
  just google `` z\u00fcrich \u00fcbergriffe '' , you will find enough sources . 
  i think the point still stands : is n't a professional military much better at its job , even when the numbers are smaller ? 
  i mean we have this saying that the german armed forces is good enough to keep the enemy occupied until military ( i.e. 
  the forces of the allies ) arrive . 
  if anything , a mandatory basic training might make sense , in case someone really attacks your country with a conventional army . 
  so in case of a real war you can benefit from many partisans defending their own soil . 
  but really , what are the chances ? 
   get a perspective on life erm , ok ...  conscription builds character , joining the army after can kill you . 
  you do know that you could have to fight and kill and get killed if push comes to shove . 
  i mean what do you think is the purpose of conscription ? 
   i call them migrants , not refugees i call them exiled , not refugees, 
  was n't the previous government democratically elected as well ? 
  it is not so strange . 
  many like the idea of a real liberal party . 
  just not the clowns in our liberal party . 
  so it makes sense that when they keep quiet , they regain voters . 
   try and spread people out who entered illegally this is n't and was never about people entering europe illegally . 
  those governments did n't say `` we take the legitimate asylum cases , but there are too many illegals amoung them '' . 
  the issue rather is , that many countries do n't want to take refugees at all . 
  there was even one country that wanted to discriminate by religion . 
  so i guess we are back to the old ages where the government decides the religion of people living in their jurisdiction . 
  i would go so far as to say : it became even more beautiful . 
  that 's all very interesting , but if you look at the source , the injuries are counted from detroit itself ( `` non-fatal shooting rate was 154.9 incidents for every 100,000 detroit residents '' ) . 
  also , in oslo he did n't shoot anyone . 
  it was a bomb . 
  he already said , he turned his brain off . 
  maybe he did n't turn it back on ? 
  since you are so knowledgable about renting costs in germany just let me remind you that private renting contracts do n't expire . 
  so a city full of `` champagne limousine liberals living in gated communities '' ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  and what would that be ? 
  to create a stereotype that does n't actually exist ? 
  what particular ( german ) person are you refering to ? 
  so what is the 1/3rd of the country she is refering to , you think ? 
  hint : its not the third of the population that is white skinned ( which is obviously much more than a third ), 
  number of acts of violence , arson attacks , etc per state in germany ( note that the colorization does n't work well , because it is not normalized on a capita basis , you have to look at the absolute numbers and divide them by the population of that area ) : http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-08/gewalt-gegen-fluechtlinge-rassismus-deutschland-anschlaege-koerperverletzung information about pegida ( where it was formed and is strongest ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegida sorry , i have to leave now . 
  information about immigration in general and voting trends i have to link later . 
  not sure if there are stats differentiating eu and non eu . 
  i understand the argument , thanks for elaborating it a little more . 
   it is a very common argument `` that the whole situation is n't so bad because most get denied and have to go back '' . 
  if this is so common , why does nobody just link to instances of this ? 
  i mean i see that the person who first made the claim has 30 upvotes right now , so it ca n't just be an empty claim . 
  but i did some research myself and i just do n't find it . 
  and none of the people who keep upvoting the above give me a hand and points to it . 
  even you write up 4 paragraphs of text to my simple request for a link , but for some reason forget to give a link . 
  only that in germany the exact opposite is true . 
  as mentioned here and many times before , pegida and similar movements are strongest exactly in those areas that have the least amount of refugees per capita .
