  also , the highest amount of arson attacks on refugee homes per capita are in the exact same areas . 
  so the correlation in germany is the exact opposite of what you say . 
  also immigration more generally : the percentage of immigrants is usually higher in bigger cities than smaller towns , but people in bigger cities tend to vote more left when compared to the countriside nearby . 
  it seems almost as if the people who live side by side with immigrants and/or refugees and maybe even know them personally have a more relaxed opinion than those who just see statistics in the news . 
  did you read the tweet ? 
  basically calling a politician a hipocrite for being pro-immigration because he has a high fence around his house ( implying that the `` criminal immigrants are dangeous '' , but he has nothing to fear because of a fence ) . 
  that 's what i call shameless . 
  well , given how [ brutal `` concerned citizen '' can be nowadays ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3p4p8a/german_mayor_candidate_stabbed_in_the_neck_over/ ) , i would say that a pro-refugee stance is way more dangerous . 
  well , if you had any interest in german politics , you would never had missed the frontpage material of a few days ago on / r/worldnews when a candidate for the cologne mayor a day before the election got almost killed for her active work for refugees . 
  i do n't regularly follow / r/de , but thanks to their convenient filters it 's easy to find everything about refugees . 
  i still ca n't see anyone saying that all the refugess will be sent back in a few years , browsing a number of the posts there . 
  you do n't follow the news then , i take it . 
   all the german redditors that keep repeating how all these refugees will be sent right back in a few years can you link to someone making that claim ? 
  it sounds unrealistic and i do n't remember reading that here . 
  so , are you ? 
  right , and like with school shootings , etc. 
  the media should consider that reporting such heinous crimes might be harmful in itself . 
  because of copycats , but it might be too late for that . 
  because of the message arsonists are sending to refugees which is : we will try to make your live even more of a hell than living in a warzone . 
  are you threatening anyone ? 
  the problem with elections is you need a majority . 
  and the nationalists already know they are a minority . 
  well , i guess most countries wo n't acknowledge the second marriage as lawful ( anything related to stuff like tax , inheritance , etc. 
  where the legal status is important ) . 
  but then again , extramarital sex itself is legal , so what should come out of it other than some noise from people who do n't like it ? 
  i was n't arguing if what she did deserves a nobel peace price . 
  it just seemed from your previous post that the context was the refugy story , which it clearly was n't . 
  i think you got to read the context of the quote again . 
  i remember high ranking german politicians publicly saying stuff like `` turkey will never be ready to join eu '' , etc a few years back and i thought `` well that is going to end bad '' . 
  the positive image the eu has/had in eastern europe mainly was due to the accepting attitude of the eu ( like , please reform in this and that area , then we can talk ) , giving hope that at some point it will be possible to join . 
  in time for what ? 
   what has europe become ? 
  a self indulgent people . 
  what is fucked up ? 
  that after 6 years or so of crisis in spain and greece few of them came to germany for work even though nobody stops them ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
   or god forbid , they make it easier for people who actually have capital and qualifications to come and work in germany which is exactly what is happening all the time . 
  every eu citizen can ( sometimes after a per country retention period after accession ) live and work whereever he wants inside the eu . 
  since the eu is constantly extended , this covers more and more europeans . 
  no , rather it is as if there is more than one politician in germany and different politicians have different opinions and those that fought for minimum wage are not the same as those now discussing abandoning it for refugees . 
  we call that democracy . 
  so you think they would ignore the [ law ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/aufenthg_2004/__55.html ) ? 
  are you refering to article 31 of the convention ? 
  that merely states that illegal entry should not be punished ( with certain restrictions ) , not that `` every crime is fair game '' . 
  that ca n't be right . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i am pretty sure the real reason must be that that would be racist , just like partheus suggested . 
  translated : we accept all applications for asylum , because everything else would be racist . 
  do you have any more background information ? 
  you seem to be knowledgable . 
  right , also the entry talks do n't begin before a country joins the eurovision song contest , so australia is clearly ahead in line . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_german_languages  the high german languages [ ... ] comprise the varieties of german spoken [ ... ] in central and southern germany [ ... ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low_german  low german [ ... ] is a west germanic language spoken mainly in northern germany and the eastern part of the netherlands . 
  low german is ` niederdeutsch ' . 
  actually , we learn british english at school . 
  but the cultural influence from the us is so much bigger , that we quickly forget that . 
  nowadays , american english just feels more natural to me . 
  what can i say , it pays handsomely . 
   [ - ] = = = kartoffel 123 points 3 hours ago   ze feehling ist mutuel . 
  i upvoted you , but not because i agree ( silly me ) . 
  but you make a valid point worth discussing . 
  this is actually the argument the fdp ( liberals , strongest opponent of a minimum wage ) makes , so its a big part of the reason why we do n't have it . 
  the cdu ( conservatives ) lean towards the fdp on that issue . 
  nevertheless , we have people working full time and unable to afford a normal living ( service sector for example ) . 
  i think , if we are unable to change this situation any other way , we have to make efforts towards legislation for this . 
  even the threat of having a minimum wage could help the bargaining partners to become more `` motivated '' to find a solution . 
  i also know very tidy and normal working people that are gypsy . 
  just that they do n't tell that everyone . 
  maybe you can imagine , why that is . 
  it has the judical form of a private company , but it is still state owned . 
  the taxes needed to pay for the upkeep of roads are payed at the gas station in germany , as far as i know . 
  if you use stuff like heating oil to drive your car , you are officially guilty of tax evasion . 
  that was n't really what i was trying to say . 
   it confirms that even in countries where people are very sensitive about privacy , internet snooping by the police is routine . 
  we are n't sensitive without a reason . 
  a common misconception . 
  europe has a lot of refugees . 
  immigrants in america thus have ( on average ) a better education and thus a better ability to contribute to the society they live in . 
  whats even worse is that only a few decades ago , the general population in western countries had similar attitudes towards gays . 
  we should n't think too highly of ourselfs . 
  in my hometown a few years ago nazi stickers appeared . 
  i 'm not happy with that either . 
  so what ? 
  people , that do n't agree will remove them . 
  it will grow old for those that put them there . 
  i fail to see the scandal here . 
  i do n't approve of vandalism . 
  i believe it 's possible to tolerate and challange at the same time . 
  that :  you 'll find that if we are tolerant of traditional muslim cultures then there 'll be a lot less tolerance of gays . 
  because it implies that tolerance towards fellow citizens of muslim faith breeds intolerance on their part . 
  i do n't think that is true . 
  on the other hand i think if you restrict muslims to muslim countries ( which would be the alternative ) you would greatly reduce the cultural mobility of individuals in muslim countries . 
  allow individuals to see different cultures , so they can learn ( or their children ), 
  people who are more tolerant of strange cultures , often are also more tolerant and easy with other people that are not considered normal , such as disabled people , otherwise sick , single parents , unemployed , with special sexual orientations ( you name it ) . 
  the more people belong to any `` special group '' the better for all other groups . 
  a more diverse culture will also have it easier in cultural or business relations with other cultures . 
  can only be spanish cucumbers or greek olives or so . 
  `` the german parliament '' sounds like the bundestag , but the pirates are not in there . 
  i guess that would be the berlin city parliament then instead , but it could also be a different one . 
   what mistake would that be ? 
  whatever you did to create this situation was a mistake :  this will fucking break * vast * quantities of code .
