    how many generations do people perceive you as an immigrant in the states ? 
    i thought the definition of immigrant was `` born in another country but now lives here '' . 
  there 's a difference between the definition and the perception . 
  of course . 
  i mean we have to distinguish between this and that kind of immigrants . 
  in the end it does n't matter if you use the `` old '' or the `` new '' vocabulary , as long as you use them to convey the same thoughts . 
  which is , of couse : there are two kinds of people in the world . 
  you 're right . 
  i have talked to people who voted spd for decades and now plan to choose between cdu and greens this year . 
  side note : germany uses the [ long scale ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_and_short_scales ) , so this is a 20 ** trillion ** marks bill . 
   afaik , the screen will be composed of an amount of smaller screens separated by thin lines of cameras . 
  where did you get this info ? 
  i can well imagine that it would be many small screens , because that is cheaper . 
  but having many cameras would make the perspective not only off for close objects but essentially all objects not in a certain fixed distance to the screen . 
  the eiffel tower for example would be visible in many small versions on every screen ( or let 's say in every camera picture ) . 
  to fix that you would need something like an orthographic camera . 
  but outside of computer graphics that does n't exist as far as i know . 
  also , the eiffel tower would not be visible at all in the background ( because it 's bigger than the screen ) . 
  or you need one camera for the whole thing ( which would be the most feasible solution ) , but then you need a certain distance to the camera and the screen ( unless it 's transparent from the back side , which does n't sound feasible to me ), 
  why ? 
  eight of 17 reactors have been shut down since fukushima , all in the same year . 
  the whole world was screaming : now germany will become a net-importer of electricity . 
  obviously the opposite has happened . 
  the next one will be shut down in 2015 , then one in 2017 , etc. 
  i do n't see why this should be more problematic than 2011 . 
   the idea that i could fluently follow german or french affairs if we all just spoke some english is nutty . 
  i was just in france and ( francophone ) belgium . 
  i do n't know french and a lot of people there do n't know german ( obviously ) and english . 
  buying tickets or even paying for your gas can be a real pain if you do n't have a common language to communicate with . 
  i do n't claim that anyone could `` fluently follow '' all the affairs , just by knowing english . 
  but if you are interested , you could always find out if you try . 
  there are good english language news sources for a lot of countries . 
  yes , there are a lot of things to learn when working in a different country . 
  but knowing english is at least a first step to somehow get by in almost every country . 
  and it will only get easier as the younger generation learned english in school , even in france . 
  why is that ? 
  people overestimated their own willingness to counter the competetiveness problem with solidarity ( redistribution ) . 
  the graph is misleading . 
  income inequality ( measured with gini ) is falling in the east , but they make up only 15 % of the population . 
  if you look at the west ( 85 % of pop . 
  ) , it pretty much is constant since 2002 . 
  if you look [ here ] ( http://www.amtliche-sozialberichterstattung.de/tabellen/tabellea3.html ) , you can see that the gini coefficient as calculated by the federal statistical office of germany is indeed constant since at least 2005 . 
  just because it is constant , does n't mean it is satisfactory . 
  one might argue that it is constant on a too high level . 
  gini is about income . 
  the `` censored '' line in the report is about wealth . 
  and since taxes on wealth in germany are way lower than in other countries , the distribution of wealth is getting more unequal every year . 
  this trend has not stopped in the previous years , which is why the left parties are also talking about reinstating our property tax ( which was abandoned after a court ruled that different kinds of wealth can not be taxed differently ) as well as raising the inheritance tax ( which is rediculously low compared to other countries ), 
  yes , that really will be hilarious . 
  i mean would be . 
  that 's a good thing in an otherwise consumer unfriendly market . 
  [ debit and credit ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debit_and_credit ) ? 
  so how does this work ? 
  suppose i am sitting in school at the age of 15 and i am not doing paper rounds on the weekend . 
  am i counting into this statistic ? 
  if yes , then i do n't believe that the figure in germany is below 10 % . 
  it appears [ not everyone in your country thinks like you ( and most of / r/europe ) do ] ( http://www.deareurope.cz/cs ) ... 
  did they supply flip flops before ? 
  saying that e.g. 
  mexicans ca n't use `` american '' to refer to themself because there is no other convenient way and nice way to refer to the people of the usa would be like saying the swiss are n't european because there is no other convenient term to use for the people of the eu . 
  the more honest argument would be : we choose to call ourself that , so you do the same when speaking our language . 
  it is more complex , sure . 
  but the basic principle is very close : this is about people that claim to be in danger . 
  as long as a country ca n't argue that either those people are not really in danger or that it ca n't help or that helping them puts it in danger itself , there is at least a moral obligation to help . 
  either way , to compare the numbers from bamf.de between states , you would have to at least divide them by the population of each state . 
  for example according to [ these ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bev%c3%b6lkerungsentwicklung_in_den_deutschen_bundesl%c3%a4ndern ) population numbers , bremen would get 16.5 % more refugees per capita than bayern . 
  i only checked those two and had an immediate hit , so i guess bremen is not the only state , which gets more refugees per capita than bayern . 
   it 's fine for a country to not take on tens/hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers if public opinion supports this . 
  one could argue that that would be neglecting it 's responsibility akin to failure to assist a person in danger . 
  i see your confusion . 
  the map you linked is the distribution formula , i.e. 
  what percentage of the new refugees should be sent to which state . 
  the zeit map shows the actual current ratio `` number of refugees : total population '' . 
  so those are completely different things and ca n't be compared just like that . 
  being the second largest state in terms of population it 's no wonder bavaria is supposed to take the second largest percentage of refugees as well . 
  i am not either and i am referring to that one : http://i.imgur.com/oajwflf.png, 
  according to the map you linked , it has been more arson attacks in the east ( 12 ) than the south ( 10 ) and the west ( 7 ) , so not sure why you say it is mostly south and west . 
  there are no photos anymore , just like rc-aircrafts , because they are now called drones . 
   i know we all think `` greece fucked up and must pay . 
  end of story '' that might be your impression , but i doubt many europeans actually think that way . 
  well some might , but then again some greeks think germans are nazis as far as i am aware . 
  my point is , this is not a real position taken by people that we need to take seriously . 
  the problematic point is rather , that if european taxpayers pay greece 's debts , that of course hurts them . 
  and many are in hard situations themself , if not quite as hard . 
  i understand the situation like this : greece is in trouble ( at least partly ) because it made errors in judgement in the past . 
  europe is willing to pay for them , provided greece becomes smarter about their fiscal politics . 
  on the other hand , europe is not willing anymore to just pay and let greece run their own experiments on how to improve the situation just to see a few years down the road if greece was right or wrong , because if greece turns out to be wrong it will have been a very expensive experiment . 
  again , out of pockets that are not that deep in many cases . 
  so the receipt is simple : you want `` my '' money , you play by `` my '' rules . 
  or said in another way : `` money for reforms '' . 
  and those reforms are either what the money-givers suggest or alternatives that they find adequate . 
  now i understand there are different positions on what will improve the situtation in the long run , but greece is not in the position anymore to souverainly decide if it wants the money . 
  this chart shows that ( like its title says ) reforms pay off . 
  that means especially in greece reforms whenever they were initiated showed positive results . 
  it does not mean that greece is reforming at a faster pace ( reform responsiveness vs. amount of reforms ) . 
  this seems to suggest that the correct course of action - especially for greece - is to continue reforming as this would improve the situation . 
  more than for other countries . 
  not sure yet if it 's all worth it to have a civil war like you guys had . 
  that 's very harsh . 
  he asked for people to `` post anything positive relevant to europe '' .
