   would you give a 16-year old your black amex card ? 
  i do n't have a credit card . 
  what are you implying ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  no , they do n't ever ignore the gg . 
  but they also never completely ignore the democraticly elected legislative . 
  instead they always suggest a gg compliant alternative to accomplish maybe 80 % of what the law in question is supposed to do . 
  they hint at what parts are possible to do and what parts are not . 
  also from time to time they change their mind ( for example about the question , if an income taxation can be over 50 % ) . 
    * but i do n't even think that would be necessary * edit : to clarify : if a new constitution would be necessary , then yes , i would be all for that . 
  especially since the `` date of exiry '' is passed over 20 years ago , and just was removed from it . 
  many historians and politicians nowadays agree that it was a bad decision not to take east germans into the boat to create a new unified constitution . 
  of course that has nothing to do with germany 's role in europe , but i am sure that if they would have done it , they would also have taken the opportunity to put in passages , that relate to possible integration development in europe . 
  yes , the problem being that the german parliament would not control it 's liabilities anymore . 
  but i still stand by my assessment , that enough political support would make that possible . 
  germany could give itself a new constitution ( given the fact that the german gg made after wwii was thought of as a temporary solution until the reunification , so a constitution that is also * called * constitution could take its place then ) , but i do n't even think that would be necessary . 
  the judges of the constitutional court already said that they are * willing to learn * what is necessary in politics ( [ `` incidentally , the court is glad to learn about the constraints of public policy [ ... ] '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,805873,00.html ) ), 
  i do n't know about spain , but normally you need a wide majority to change the constitution . 
  normally you need support outside the government . 
  a deficit cap in the constitution is better than `` what a politician says '' . 
  yes , but the same is true for the bonds , because they will be payed back in euros , too . 
  i want to put what i said into perspective . 
  you can not have one without the other * for an indefinite time * . 
  the eu 's history is full of stuff that is `` one without the other '' and it was always fixed just in time . 
  so it 's possible to just go ahead with euro bonds , and shortly before that system comes crashing down again ( better would be sooner , but i am being realistic here ) , there will be stricter government spending rules put in place that almost actually do what needs to be done . 
  and the `` sins '' of the meantime will somehow be punished and/or forgiven . 
  of course we need eurobonds . 
  the only reason we do n't have them yet , is because every government that would issue those bonds is only accountable to it 's own population , even though the whole union would have the responsibility to pay in the worst case . 
  and we have conservative parties all over europe that argue that national parliaments should never give up national fiscal powers to the eu . 
  so there you have it . 
  you ca n't have one without the other . 
  yes , but it 's still a difference , because this time they are even loosing money compared to have euros laying around . 
  before they would have to find an alternative investment , that does n't fall in value as fast as the euro does . 
  but now this alternative investment would be , just to keep the euros in a safe . 
  the export advantage comes solely from the fact that wages do n't go up as prices go up . 
  so for the ordinary german workers this is bad . 
  edit : of course `` bad '' is exaggerated . 
  because this stimulates the economy in th long run and could help every german then . 
  but you could achieve the same with good old `` restraint '' in wages , which is what germany did in the last decade . 
  you mean the [ debt crisis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:goverment_surplus_or_deficit_%28eu-usa-oecd%29.png ) ? 
  i am not sure , how it plays out in other countries , but in germany , the government is elected by the parliament , which has been elected by the people . 
  there is nothing undemocratic about the parliament forming more than one government during its own legislature period . 
  now , if general elections would not be held anymore after the 4 years , the parliament is elected for , or if the parliament would not appoint the government , that would be undemocratic . 
  only if the current parliament can not decide on a government ( which should not really happen , because its job is to get stuff done ) , there should be early general elections . 
  all this is called a `` representative democracy '' . 
  from a euro-country 's point of view , it 's good for exports and bad for imports . 
  for consumers it 's bad . 
  for an economy that exports a lot to outside the eurozone ( like germany ) it 's good . 
  most of all it 's strange , because the us runs an expansive monetary policy right now , whereas europe is ( at least it 's supposed to be ) in austerity mode , which means less inflation , which means more stable currency . 
  i guess all the euro crisis talk makes investors vary about the euro . 
  he was talking about blame . 
  and he blamed an incident , not a country . 
  what is so hard to understand about that ? 
  thanks , i can read . 
  the us arguably does not equal the us financial crisis . 
  or does it ? 
  well , i did n't want to draw conclusions prematurely . 
  i just wanted to point out that on average the housing crisis had no medium term effects on the interest rates . 
  my personal opinion is that we should have acted a little faster on the `` euro bonds '' idea . 
  of course then we need strict rules how that cheap money can be spent . 
  but those rules appearantly do n't have to be too strict , because even without those rules the interest rates were low for all countries in the last ten years . 
  we need to gradually improve in those areas , like europe always did . 
  yes , i agree germany will pay . 
  but i think germany would have payed a lot less , if it had shown more solidarity , because ( as i argued before ) alone the impression of solidarity of the institution of the euro in 1999 helped everyone , including germany . 
  image 2 is indeed telling . 
  it seems that the us housing crisis revealed that not all bonds are worth the same money . 
  but if you look very very careful at the graph you see even more telling details . 
  for example that the 5 years of preparation of the euro brought extreme advantages for every single country . 
  it seems that the fact that europe united for a monetary union helped even the top performers to perform ( much ) better . 
  now that 's interesting . 
  and what can we see at the right side of the graph ... 
  i do n't just speak of the top , but look at the bottom . 
  there are again top performers , which in terms of interest rates on bonds benefitted hugely from the crisis . 
  yes , the graph makes you think , that the overall interest rate of all bonds went up . 
  but what , if you take the weighted average of them ( weighted with the volume of bonds ) . 
  would we still be around the 4 % we were before the cirsis ? 
  if yes , and my guess is that this is true , then i would call the euro crisis a solidarity crisis . 
  the housing crisis did not reveal a fundamental flaw in the idea of a monetary union . 
  it revealed the lack of solidarity , which was unexpected by investors . 
  read again . 
  he did n't blame the us , he blamed the financial crisis ( which of course originated in the us ) . 
  i believe in a universal human right for a workplace with a monitor facing a wall . 
  maybe your mother could help with that , 
  wow , thanks !, 
  i did n't believe anymore that i would get an answer . 
  very nice to get a follow up !, 
  got ta love the photo gallery of the article and the comments to the pictures :d, 
  i would say he is correct in saying that investors dream of a recession , because it 's a great way to make money . 
  and maybe he is also correct in saying that goldman sachs rules the world , not governments . 
  the size of the `` virtual economy '' ( financial products , etc ) is around ten times as big as the real economy ( portion of gdp that is produced by industry and other non-financial services ) . 
  the financial sector is way beyond what it should do , which is being a servant to the real economy . 
  so the real answer is to find ways to cut back the financial sector to a sensible size . 
  yes , that would probably only be possible by having a huge recession . 
  because if 90 % of the gdp is in the financial sector and you cut it back to 10 % of its size , you end up destroying 80 % of your economy . 
  but i think that in the long run , this is the only way to get the world working like it should . 
  only governments can start this process . 
  governments should look into all financial products and find out how much destructive potential lies within them and should regulate them more and more . 
  the defined goal should be to have a financial sector that serves the real economy . 
  a financial transaction tax would be one thing , but it would only be a first step on a long and painful journey . 
  thanks for providing some perspective .
