  but since you ca n't tell bankers what to do with the money , they invested it like it made most sense to them . 
  it really helped those countries in trouble , but not only them . 
  now germany has extremely low interst rates . 
  i recently read that the absolute interest we had to pay last year was on the same level as 1993 , even though we now have more than 3 times the debts ( i hope the number is right , but it is roughly around that amount ) . 
  and that is likely to go down . 
  this ( amoung other factors of course , like a stable economy ) allowed us to have a 1 % deficit last year . 
  so , whatever measures have been taken until now , they were designed to help everyone , not only those in trouble . 
  but in my opinion we need to concentrate on those in trouble to be able to solve the crisis . 
  of course that will hurt germany , but only in a way that takes away advantages that germany should not have and does not need . 
  he benefitted from the historical events , but was he really a great politician ? 
  considering the crisis we have the euro itself is [ surprisingly sturdy ] ( http://www.ariva.de/euro-dollar-kurs/chart?boerse_id=36&amp;t=all ) . 
  oh , they do their job . 
  but very selectively . 
  does the usa ( you know , the country that almost went bankrupt last year , because it 's almost ungovernable ) still have aaa ratings from all of the three ? 
  i get that . 
  sorry , i did n't make clear enough that on a whole i agree with you . 
  i just wanted to mention , that the cdu at times can be `` left wing '' even for european standards . 
  unfortunately , at other times , they are pretty hard right wing ( again , of course still nothing compared to us standards ), 
  to be fair , the german right wing cdu has quite a history that is not too far away from social democracy , for example they brought the idea of a [ social market economy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_market_economy ) to germany . 
  yes , spains main problem is the youth unemployment . 
  but i do n't think that that 's primarily a government problem . 
  some industries are in crisis , other industries are ok at the moment . 
  it just so happens , that the manufacturing industry , which is ok at the moment is particularly strong in germany . 
  there have been different times , and there will be different times again . 
  the good thing about the european union is , that all in all we cover a lot of diverge industries . 
  so if one is in crisis , chances are not everyone is in a crisis . 
  that is a fact that we can see happening right now . 
  so if the * current * well-doers would be a little more empathic , then we would be really strong . 
  there will be times again , when germany 's neighbors are stronger than we , and then we might need help . 
  just compare eu debts with usa debts per gdp . 
  europe has around 84 % , usa has 100 % . 
  if they are ok , then we are ok , too . 
  well , the usa is deeper in debt ( per gdp ) than the eu countries combined ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_by_public_debt ) ) . 
  i would say the only reason we have a crisis while they appearantly do n't is that the eu is not a liability union . 
  as argued before , spain has a lower debt per gdp than germany . 
  the idea that they have a problem because of too many debts , while germany is ok , is plainly rediculous . 
   let 's hope we do n't [ ... ] again , speak for yourself . 
  sorry , i just took the numbers i found quickly . 
  but in all the years i checked , spain [ sorry , portugal ] had a big inflation ( at least bigger than germany ) . 
  even if the inflation is only 5 % a year , it is like 4 % wage cut each year compared to now , that we have around 1 % inflation . 
  no , it 's not a good thing to only cut public wages . 
  i guess the measure was taken because it has more immediate effects than a tax increase ( which normally is only done at the beginning of a year , because everything else means a huge bureaucratic mess ) , and extremely hard to cut private wages for a government . 
  edit : oops , sorry i was talking about portugal of course . 
   me too . 
  i happen to not be bavarian . 
  but i like their way of life . 
  i was n't implying you are bavarian . 
  but they like you have the attitude of bashing their neighbors , when things go well on their side for a change . 
  we do n't need ungrateful parasites , and if they think they are so much better , then i 'm glad to let them leave , because one thing is clear : they wo n't be part of the solution . 
   they were stagnant while inflation was prevalent , thus resulting in real wage decrease . 
  wrong , wage increases were slightly above inflation . 
   compare that to countries where wages rised faster than inflation . 
  again , do they have higher or lower wages than we do ? 
   the absolute amount of money is irrelevant . 
  what matters is the relative loss of standards of living . 
  yes , and since almost nowhere on the face of the earth food is as cheap as in germany , i would say poverty in germany does n't mean you ca n't feed your family ( it does , in other countries , just so you know )  i personally know people who pray the winter is n't coming because they would n't be able to affort heating ( and those are what you would describe as `` middle class '' ) . 
  well , then they probably should apply for hartz iv . 
  what do you mean with middle class ? 
  i know that heating a castle is expensive . 
  those ancient buildings have really bad isolation . 
  they should consider moving to a regular apartment . 
   guess what , when we did , we did n't bring down the whole eurozone with us . 
  well , then i guess we were lucky to be ahead of time , then ? 
   i think there is a point in time when an arm has to be amputated before it kills the whole body . 
  i always was for giving bavaria the right of secession . 
   risk our good credit standing oh yes , the markets !, 
  shy like a deer , but with the destructive powers of creation ... or something like that . 
  believe it or not , but investors are a lot more pragmatic than you think . 
  do n't you realize that our insanely good credit standing ( of being paid for keeping money ) encourages the behaviour we do n't want to see in our neighbors ? 
   check real wage development of the last twenty years in spain , portugal , greece , italy and ireland compared to germany . 
  yes , german wages were almost stagnant . 
  desaster !, 
  if this is the price we have to pay , then i am ok with that . 
  which of the countries you listed has better wages than germany ? 
  there are people who would like you to believe that europe is the problem . 
  but what really changed in germany is the income equality ( rather the lack of it ) . 
  this is the real problem of the `` poverty '' we have in germany . 
   [ ... ] spent like there is no tomorrow , and now come to get bailed out . 
  oh my ... what ? 
  you really believe that spain had problems with spending before the housing crisis ? 
  which was in your opinion the first country to break the maastricht criteria and set an example ? 
  i give you a guess , it was none of those you listed . 
   one of our constitutional rights is fiscal equality and that no acquired right can ever be taken ( including salaries ) . 
  does that mean it 's impossible by constitution to cut the wages of public servants ? 
  if it is , then it was a populist move . 
  let me guess : you had a higher inflation , before you got the euro , right ? 
  because depending on the inflation this provision is worthless . 
  but most normal citizens would not realize that , i guess . 
  this does n't make everything right . 
  but times have changed , and laws need to be realistic . 
  edit : portugal had an inflation of 21 % in 1975 ( [ source ] ( http://de.global-rates.com/wirtschaftsstatistiken/inflation/1975.aspx ) ) . 
  is that like an essential wage cut or not ? 
  you 're so wrong on so many accounts , that i do n't even know where to start . 
   pro-europe folks who do believe rescuing the union is worth destroying our economy no , i believe rescuing the union is necessary to save our economy . 
  i ca n't speak for the `` pro-europe folks '' you have met , but i have never heard such a thing in my life . 
   povertisation than what we endured the last twenty years ( a time when other eu standards of living rised dramatically ) is this supposed to be some kind of joke ? 
  our poverty is ** nothing ** compared to the poverty that still exists in those countries whose standard of living improved `` dramatically '' . 
  of course they improved . 
  they just came out of the collapse of the soviet union . 
  what does * that * have to do with anything ?
