  it 's an interesting discussion though , because i hope that at some point there will be a perfect or nearly perfect electronic voting system possible . 
  because if/when all those ( and other potential ) problems are solved , it could even make elections much more transparent and easier to verify . 
  i agree , the `` selling votes '' problem is not the most pressing issue , because it 's hard to organize secretly amoung those that are willing to do anyway . 
  if you publish the exact time , the vote is cast , then the anynomity again is gone , because someone else could know the time you cast your vote . 
  every citizen can volunteer to be a poll worker for an election . 
  if you are , you can check if the box is empty in the morning , you can count the votes and inspect and verify every part of the process . 
  when the votes are published on the official election website , you can check if the numbers match with what you counted . 
  so the security works today , if there are people willing to invest some time to check everything . 
  the proof by photography is a good point , but i would argue that the unique ids add two features : - the ids not only proof what where you put your mark , but also if you actually put the ballot in the box ( if i pay you for your vote , i want to be sure , that your vote really counted ) - the ids are easier to check in an automated process , so it 's easier to do this on a grand scale . 
  it would still be hard to do on a grand scale , without drawing much attention to yourself ( somehow you have to advertise the fact that you pay people for votes , but without getting caught ) , but this is an external aspect to the voting process itself a third aspect to the unique id system is , it could be very hard to verify that your id is really unique . 
  because to be able to check this , you have to share your id with other people , which would sacrifice your anonymity . 
  edit : ok , the last issue could be solved , by making the unique id a cryptographic hash of your name + a random salt . 
  you can check if the hash is calculated correctly , and because the hash is crpytographic there is `` no '' way of creating the same hash for two different names . 
  that sounds quite smart , actually . 
  there is still the problem left , that you ca n't quite check if there are too many votes ( which would be the equivalent to pre-filling the box with ballots ) . 
  also it makes the votes sellable , because suddenly you can proove to other people how you voted . 
  how can it be verifiable , if you ca n't watch the counting process ? 
  interestingly though , relatively few germans live in the [ bible belt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt ) ( relative to other areas ) . 
  put the french nutella in the fridge to get something more like the german nutella wrt consistence . 
  i think that 's what airazz was talking about . 
  [ rp-online ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/ ) edit : well , that is more regional and not so much national media . 
  it 's so bloated , that they even have more votes than voters !, 
  it would be interesting to see if the pirates make it into the parliament . 
   teenagers and young people , she says , are the main targets as they are easily susceptible to radical teachings suggesting simple solutions for life . 
  in that respect radical islam is not much different from the radical right-wing ( or in fact radicals in all colors )  he can not keep them from the mosque , neither on religious nor legal grounds . 
  he argues , instead , for a strategy that in germany and internationally is highly controversial : dialogue with the extremists . 
  that is , in my opinion the only real long term solution , again , for all kinds of radicalism . 
  dialogue , not only with the extremists themself , but also ( and especially ) with those that could become extremists in the future . 
  it 's hard work , but one way or the other it has to be done . 
  so how do the nordic countries hold nuclear energy producers accountable millenia from now , if they mess up the storage of material that is used at the moment ? 
  how can the government be sure that those companies even still exist by then ? 
  nuclear energy is not possible without huge subsidies , exactly because of the waste it produces . 
  are those [ bars ] ( http://i.minus.com/jocdmw7gxrslu.png ) supposed to represent the numbers ? 
  * for the time being . 
  * that is not a final decision ( yet ) . 
  [ ok ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/desertec ), 
  there is no short term point of this . 
  but the current situation makes it easier to pass rules like these , which are helpful in the long term . 
  * if * the problem of the crisis really was , that governments spent too much , then we can avert another future crisis by making spending rules . 
  i could even help in the current crisis , because it could give investors more trust for the future , which leads to more demand on the bond market , which leads to lower interest rates , which helps countries in trouble . 
  what interest does switzerland as the safe harbour for criminals ( especially their money ) have in joining the eu ? 
  i agree wih most of your points . 
  but the  parliament , where each state gets the same amount of representatives . 
  would even increase the problem of non-proportional votes . 
  i think the current system is a good compromise to avoid that big countries have too much say . 
  it is similar to the german * bundesrat * , where the smallest states get 3 seats and the biggest states 6 seat , even though the biggest state has 27 as many people as the smallest state . 
  in the eu , the biggest country has around 195 times as many people as the smalles country , and only 99/6 = 16.5 as many seats in the parliament . 
  i would be ok with giving the smaller countries even more seats than at the moment , but the same for every country would not be fair at all . 
  edit : you were talking about an upper house ... well that might make a little more sense . 
  when i searched for `` american police methods '' i found [ this ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2011/aug/13/bill-bratton-advice-uk-police ) article . 
  and when reading it , you get a better sense of the argument going on . 
  bringing more ethnic minorities into the police forces : would be good and desireable , but is a long term effort , which does n't help the current riots . 
  making policing more attractive to a changing population and making the population fear police by escalating force , arming them with rubber bullets , taser , pepper spray and water cannons : the idea of escalating force would be problematic if the root of the crime problem is people being * left behind * . 
  this is a more nuanced response than `` why learn from the americans ? '' . 
  also , the idea being immediately `` shot down '' does n't fit as a description of the reaction that actually happened : `` we want to use the advice of people like bill bratton to really tackle some of the deep-seated social issues like gang culture . '', 
  edit : my personal opinion is that police can not solve the underlying problems , but police can help hiding some of the symptoms . 
  but you have to watch carefully that you do n't promote the underlying problems in the process , both by making those problems seemingly less urgent , just because police is so `` tough '' , that we do n't see the symptoms anymore , as well as by increasing the buffer between those that apparantly need protection from crime , because they have a lot , and those who are likely to commit crime , because they do n't have a lot . 
  you know , `` instead of trying to make peace between people , we make war and show them that they have lost anyway '' . 
  of course there are overlaps between ron pauls standpoint and some european standpoints ( for example that we should try hard not to go deeper and deeper in debts ) . 
  but ron paul derives those standpoints from his libertarian views , and ideas like `` bring more power back to the smaller institutions '' , which is something you will not find in continental europe so much . 
  and my perception is , like chive 's , that the right wing in the uk is the one working hardest to that end . 
   after his speech , the audience remained silent for one minute before applauding the speaker . 
  just [ watched it ] ( http://www.bundestag.de/mediathek/index.jsp?categorie=sonderveranstaltungen&amp;action=search&amp;contentarea=details&amp;offsetstart=0&amp;offsetlength=6&amp;id=37582582&amp;instance=m187&amp;destination=search ) . 
  it was more like 15 seconds of silence . 
  and the guy is an old man , it took him almost two minutes and the help of three people to stand up , get to speakers desk and begin his speech , so the pause does n't mean a lot . 
  that guy has nothing to do with the bundesbank . 
  the deutsche bank is a private company . 
  i like your link . 
  especially the comparision between sweden and japan , which shows that it does n't matter so much if the government or your employer makes sure that you are being treated well , as long as someone is doing it at all . 
  imo that is a little more a sign of the historic rivalry between france and england , which tries to be europes closest ally to the usa . 
  and i can understand that they are rejecting american police methods outright , because that might lead to them having to build [ 7 times ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_incarceration_rate ) as many prisons , which in itself could already be seen as a step back . 
  i agree with most people here . 
  i think quietly by myself * `` they do n't know , what they are missing out on '' *, 
  democratic governments normally do n't cancel private contracts just like that ( i am not sure , which entities really had the contracts , though ) . 
  getting enough oil should be possible i guess even in the short term , but it will likely be for a higher price or they have to * touch * their national oil reserves , to prevent the price from going up too sharply . 
  true , in europe many people have the opinion , that ...  ... the lack of public health care makes the us virtually uncivilized . 
  the difference is , that you do n't see as many politicians exploiting that . 
  but i do n't blame us politicians for hacking on europe . 
  that is the agressive way their election campaining system works and in the end , they have to deal with it for themself . 
   how is running income not going away ? 
  people have demands . 
  those demands will not completely vanish , they will have to be met in the future , and other people , who satisfy them will be needed . 
  i did n't say that economic activity will not suffer at all . 
    growth is only needed , when you run up too many debts  it appears we ( europe ) did . 
  yes and no . 
  europe ( the eu ) has a lower debt level ( per gdp ) than both the usa and japan . 
  a number of countries by themself are above the usa level ( according to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_public_debt ) list greece , italy , ireland and belgium , but the data is a year old ) , but not a single country is even close to japans debt level . 
  so , yes we have massive debts , but since the other big players have even more , we are comparatively not doing so bad . 
  austerity ( in form of constitutional debt breaks ) is not supposed to be in effect immediately in the crisis . 
  instead this is a law for some time in the future . 
  in germany it was intruduced in 2009 and will be in full effect only in 2016 . 
  so there are 7 years of transition , where we step by step try to reach the goal . 
  the idea is the following : showing investors that we really want to behave in the future will help us already in the closer future , or maybe even now . 
  if you say , you do n't want a debt break that will be in ( full ) effect in 7 or 10 years means , that you plan to run up more and more debts , even after the crisis . 
  edit : it is just simple logic that in the long run you ca n't fix a systematic problem with the same approach that created it in the first place . 
  right , but as jedibeeftrix already said , it is hard to add something to the curriculum that contradicts popular opinion without getting accused of engaging in propaganda . 
  a politician on the other hand can give is personal opinion about things he is directly involved with and possibly influence people with it . 
  he still risks attacks for speaking out against popular opinion , but he will be considered a more credible source , if he is known for his honesty and willingness to serve his country ( which is/should be a basic requirement for getting enough votes ), 
  that 's mainly the job of politicians . 
  but if they are only interested in what helps them to get into or stay in power ... well , they wo n't try to form and explain opinions that might be easier to attack than to defend , even if they are closer to reality .
