  i feel like punching someone . 
  you sound dumb . 
   it 's people are living worse than smaller countries who started from scratch in 1991 . 
  kinda hard considering the enormous population and geographical size of the country . 
  so much easier for a small baltic nation . 
  i was thinking order of the flaming rose and church of the eternal fire from the witcher series . 
  obviously . 
  but if you eat very little food , no matter how hard you train you will never grow and get stronger . 
  on the other hand if you keep your training pretty simple , like bodyweight calisthenics exercises but eat a lot of food , you will grow a lot of muscle . 
  it 's not the gym you need , it 's the tens of thousands of calories worth of food . 
  to get massive , you need a ton of food . 
  because of that black spot , it looks like the entire left part of the picture was copy-pasted on top of the river . 
  why does it look like a photoshop job . 
  i stay away from that cancerous website . 
  even reddit sometimes proves to be a little too retarded and edgy for my taste , and you are definitely not helping that . 
  i know at this point that you are just trolling . 
  nobody makes statements that stupid while being serious . 
  and nobody for sure keeps up a useless argument when the other party is clearly uninterested . 
  again , you are taking everything way too seriously . 
  have you ever smiled or joked in your entire life ? 
  you seem to have a few sociopathic tendencies , but whatever . 
  this argument is n't going anywhere , so let 's just agree to end it here and now . 
  ah so now you are calling me evil , how great !, 
  first a pedophile , then literally hitler , what next ? 
  you think you are the better person here for some reason , higher morals and taking the high road . 
  says a lot about you . 
  i am not proud of an opinion i have and i have no toxic attitude whatsoever . 
  the only thing bothering me is that you are taking reddit a tad bit too seriously you do n't get to tell me what opinions i should be proud of or not , same could be said for you in that case . 
  you should n't be proud of yourself for taking this so seriously and pretending like the internet is dangerous criminal place and full of evil evil people !, 
  you need / r/wholesomememes, 
  the fuck ? 
  what is with your mindset ? 
  you sound like a grandma who thinks the internet is full of bad people and drugs . 
  at this point i really hope you are just trolling because this is hilarious . 
  please go outside to see the real world . 
  this is the internet , it 's not real , it 's just a website , it 's just a single irrelevant comment on an irrelevant thread . 
  so what ? 
  i was n't being careless . 
  this is an internet forum . 
  if i say something incorrect , someone will correct me . 
  there is no need to make a show to prove a point and teach me a lesson . 
  i am not new to the internet , and as i 've already said , this is not real life . 
  accusations on the internet against a popular person do n't count for anything , unless the victim is a random internet user , like myself . 
  and your point is ? 
  nope , i never made that comparison . 
  that 's what i thought she called them because i saw the clip so long time ago , but i got corrected by another user . 
  but it 's not my comparison , because i never made any . 
  you are the one who started comparing things . 
  you 've go to be kidding me . 
  so if they are n't comparable , why did you compare them ? 
  why make a demonstration of something that makes no sense and has no place here ? 
  stick to the topic instead . 
   it was like the 5th one down ... stop being a smartass . 
  that still means you went on my profile specifically to look for something `` bad '' and scrolled for several pages . 
  why on earth are you so invested in an internet argument ? 
  have you nothing better to do ? 
  and yes you did accuse me , because those two things are n't even remotely comparable . 
  accusing a politician of something is just part of life , especially if you consider how often they do shady shit , hillary specifically . 
  it would n't be surprising if she actually said it . 
  and of course there is that part where i never said it was a fact , but just a random thought that i was too lazy to confirm , so someone else did it for me , but you just could n't let that go . 
  this is the internet , not a political debate on television . 
  you see someone who is in the wrong , you correct them and move on with you life instead of creating a theater like you did . 
  i have no idea what 's going on in that brain of yours , but you should go outside more . 
  this is an entertainment website , not real life . 
   no , just sorted by controversial yeah , and that still takes like 10 pages to find . 
  and this makes it even worse , you are not just creepy , you specifically went on my profile to find something to throw back at me . 
  good thing i do n't care anywhere near enough about you or this comment to go digging through your profile . 
  as i 've said a hundred times already , i am not american and i do n't care about trump or clinton . 
  i made a comment , i was proven wrong , you can go back to your rotting hole now . 
  but hey at least now i have a great memory of being accused of pedophilia that will forever be on the internet !, 
  fantastic job , whoever the fuck you are . 
  people like you are who ruin this website and its community ... 
  holy shit , how fucking invested and clingy are you ? 
  you went hundreds of pages through my profile to find a comment i made like two years ago ? 
  seriously , that is a whole new level of creepy . 
  by the way , did you even see what the comment was a reply to ? 
  here , i 'll quote just for you :  i got felt up on a bus by a drunken 16 year old teen girl a few years ago ( i 'm a mid thirties man ) clearly i am not sexualizing anyone , i am calling someone fucked up based on their actions . 
  also , how old do you think i am ? 
  i was under 20 when i wrote that . 
  since when is being attracted to a 16 yo when you are a teen yourself , pedophilia ? 
  pretty sure that 's completely normal . 
  let 's not pretend that you did n't fuck around when you were that age . 
  why are you taking all of this so fucking seriously ? 
  are you working for hillary clinton ? 
  i ca n't see any other way . 
  i made a random comment that will be forgotten in the depths of the internet in a few days , yet here you are witch hunting me as if i publicly accused her of murder . 
  it 's not a serious accusation , it 's just simple comment on a fucking community website and should n't be taken seriously , jesus christ ... what the hell is wrong with you ? 
   you 're a pedophile what the fuck ? 
  what the hell kind of comparison is that ? 
  that 's just a random statement you made up , while i actually remember seeing a video of her saying something similar . 
  i did n't verify it because it would take too much of my time to look for a video clip that i have no idea what is called . 
  jesus you are annoying . 
  that 's why i also said '' ( i think ? ) '', 
  after the accusation , because i was n't sure if it was completely true . 
  come one man ... 
  i am not defending trump , i am just saying that he is n't the only laughing material here . 
   this is not `` state media '' , 5th channel is and was privately owned yeah , just like all of those privately owned russian media 's . 
  what i am trying to say is that your media is untrustworthy so anything they say should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  the fact this thread is almost a week old means i have moved on and do n't give a flying crap about ukraine or its politics anymore . 
  i was done with this comment chain a long time ago .
