oh , wow i am stupid . 
  you live in the 80 's ? 
  the strong and capable men should go back to their country and fight their wars instead of fleeing and then complaining that the country which took them was n't `` good '' enough ... 
  oh those poor elementary school students , i feel bad for them . 
  swedish since 7th was already pain in the ass . 
  it did change . 
  if you attend a proper finnish schools then you will always learn english from 4th grade and swedish from 7th . 
  swedish should be banned anyway , it 's a waste of time and could be used to learn some other more useful language . 
  english is always forced in the 4th grade . 
  swedish is forced in 7th grade and in some cases you can skip it completely if your reason is good enough, 
  that 's only 19th and 20th century , most countries had problems at the time . 
  why not go even further back in time ? 
  their history is fascinating . 
  finnish is much harder . 
  there is this tool called photoshop which can create very realistic pictures . 
  how come when it comes to these articles , people deny that programs existence ? 
  kinda like americans and canadians . _ . 
  ` murican troll please . 
  go ` murica someplace else . 
  seriously why the hell do you think i am russian ? 
  everyone with a different opinion is from russia ? 
  that 's some fucked up logic , mate . 
  kind of like us has been for quite some time, 
  millions of people dying from both sides is wet dream of americans ? 
  you americans are some fucked up people ... 
  dude ... 
  i do not understand that comment . 
  the moon landing was faked !!!!!!, 
  media freedom in sweden ? 
  please ... 
  ever since the muslim problem , free speech is long gone . 
  any negative or truthful news and opinions on the immigration are censored and removed . 
  people are raped but the government covers it all up to make sure that the muslims remain `` the good guys '' ... 
  just stereotypes or are the japanese really that retarded ? 
  in russian you pronounce it like `` t\u0161ehia '' , so it makes sense . 
  it sounds weird because of english , but in slavic languages it totally makes sense . 
  there is little evidence backing the claim that putin is a multi-billionaire . 
  most likely made up bullshit to make him look even worse than he already is . 
  how exactly is it giving a finger to russkies ? 
  it 's more like shooting yourself in the foot . 
  staling was not russian nor did he like russians . 
  millions of ukrainians and russians and pretty much everyone else died because of him . 
  i 'd say this is a middle finger to georgia . 
  like ukraine is doing any better . 
  still is , not as much , but expensive . 
  what is usa even doing here ? 
  wow , i had no idea . 
  i guess you learn new things every day . 
  i am pretty sure when lenin was alive , there were no memes . 
  are n't you spanish ? 
  both come from both sides . 
  just because it 's not shown on bbc , fox , and cnn , does n't mean it does n't exist ... 
  well , as you can see we can look at this situation both ways . 
  both sides release credible proof and bullshit proof . 
  so how come the western media is right while russian wrong ? 
  and that 's important because ... ? 
  you do know that satellite pictures are literally the easiest proofs you can possibly fake , you do n't even need to be a professional photoshop user . 
  most of the time nato `` provides factual evidence '' , it 's just some random important guy claiming something when interviewed by a big media outlet . 
  while russian sources have videos and pictures of things happening there . 
  commies *, 
  you know if someone attacks your country for no reason and nobody out there wants to help you , except one country who is also in a war against your enemy , what do you do ? 
  tell them to fuck off or accept their help and equipment when you are running out of your own ? 
  also about the independence , russian empire ceased to exist , so obviously we were no longer part of it . 
  and since no country had control over us anymore , we became independent . 
  our independence was signed by the russian provisional government that got into power for a few months after nikolai 's death and before bolsheviks took control . 
  those same bolsheviks who took control of the country and created soviet-russian , also supported and equipped the commies in finland . 
  we owed germany for helping us in our civil war , during winter war nobody wanted to help us except those good old germans , they already helped us against the same enemy once , so why not again ? 
  our government was never influenced by nazis or anything , we merely fought with them against ussr to keep our independence . 
  you can thank me for this history lesson later . 
  well considering that ussr attacked finland for no reason and before that , tried to install a commie government by funding a civil war . 
  we have our reasons for revenge . 
  actually finns didnt go that far . 
  we stopped once we got our old border back . 
  that ended up being a good move because stalin did n't accuse mannerheim for any war crime after the war ended , not attacking leningrad might have been one of the reasons . 
  finland never collaborated with the nazis , we were a free democracy that got invaded by the commies for no reason , `` argueforthesakeofit '' . 
  they banned the communist party because the last time it was allowed , it led to a civil war and also because everyone hates commies . 
  but i guess you are just arguing for the sake it . 
  nooo do n't leave . 
  i really wanted to go to uk in the future for studies ... 
  it 's apparently a big thing in the islamic world as well . 
  then you did n't understand what was said in the video . 
  then that means you did n't watch the video . 
  you do n't even understand the language or anything that was said in the video . 
  your opinion ca n't be taken seriously . 
  did n't really happen as you described it . 
  he was n't beat up and he was n't even criticizing putin , but ramzan kadyrov . 
  and that video of him on a treadmill was uploaded to facebook and ig , he did n't do it on tv . 
  link ? 
  most countries probably , but i would guess that it does n't happen in a place like saudi arabia very often . 
  the country is also right next to me , yet for some reason i am not scared . 
  you live in a 90 celsius climate ? 
  imperial russians were n't all that bad , it 's the red commies that were hated . 
  well they did kinda build helsinki . 
  oltermanni is heavenly . 
  food from the gods themselves . 
  there are always exceptions . 
  but generally a small country with a small population will have a much easier time developing and taking care of it 's people when there are n't hundreds of millions of them . 
  that too obviously . 
  but corruption does n't just come out of thin air and i bet if corruption disappeared tomorrow , most issues in russia would not go anywhere . 
  reading that makes so angry .
