what do you think will happen to the millions of people in central africa when global warming makes that area uninhabitable ? 
  edit uninhabitable *, 
  we 've had a good run eh ? 
  i hope you are joking m8 because thats just crazy . 
  seek and get asylum , but from where ? 
  i say that they should get asylum as close to their home as possible , this will keep the expenses down and will reduce the amount of integration necessary since their neighbors could possibly have the same culture . 
  therefore i say that europe shouldnt be taking the refugees , they should be placed in refugee camps around their home country . 
  also i am all for europe helping set up these refugee camps . 
  also having them take refuge near their home country they can go back and rebuild their nation when the war is over . 
  the war cildren from finland werent sent to usa but to sweden which was close both culturally and geographically . 
  care to give me some examples ? 
  they wont probably move anywhere , maybe home . 
  they will stay , they will be unhappy and some will cause problems . 
  many people here dont like our right wing party , me included , but people dont like immigrants either . 
  it is very costly to have immigrants also immigrants from middle east are 18 times more likely to rape when compared to native finns . 
  it would be a lot better to have them stay in the middle east and have us help them there . 
  also , who is there to build the country when the war finally ends ? 
  get rid of the right wing you say . 
  thats pretty damn messed up . 
  that is not democracy . 
  that is not fair . 
  that is not equality . 
  funny thing that you mentioned the fact that many are fleeing persecution since for example many gays who fled to sweden are now being percecuted by other muslims in their ghettos who also came to sweden . 
  to me it seems that these people are bringing the problems of their culture with them . 
  also its not about individuals its all about proportions . 
  in finland middle eastern 1st generation immigrants are 18 times more likely to rape than ethnical finns . 
  it is really bad not only for us to take refugees but also for the area they are fleeing from . 
  keep in mind that those who manage to get here are the richest of the immigrants . 
  these people should be the ones to build their countries when the war ends . 
  but now they just come here and cause problems . 
  the best solution would be to close the borders of europe and build refugee camps in middle east where we can deposit the people who seek refuge . 
  edit also sweden invited those refugees to come and now you blame us for not sharing the load you took . 
  you ask for troubles , you get troubles . 
  it is only fair that you deal with your troubles yourself and dont pour those troubles to neighboring countries . 
  this is the reason why people dont like it when sweden and germany invite refugees and then try to shove them into some nations that dont want them . 
  not only him , me as well . 
  you put them in a camp outside of your border , waiting to be processed . 
  i think you are thinking about sweden right now . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  ive never in my whole life eaten rotten fish , i do n't know what you are talking about , but maybe you should emigrate if your attitude is that negative , although i do n't know how much you contribute to the society . 
  these people are coming to our societies , they damn better should accept our food and culture in general . 
  to me it seems that only the name is christian and otherwise this is fully a political movement . 
  what do you mean by were paying your bills for the next few years ? 
  but they dont have any bloody education . 
  they cant work . 
  actually , all in all the immigrants dont even pay for half of their costs . 
  about 1000 migrants a day are coming through tornio from sweden to finland . 
  okay here is an older account from me , not him , same questions . 
  what do you mean by a `` normal muslim '' ? 
  do you mean middle eastern muslims who often consider death to those who leave islam ? 
  in most muslim countries women are treated like objects that 's normal muslims for you . 
  maybe home office ? 
  idk, 
  ffs shut up already , you know it 's not true . 
  this right here , they ca n't change the past but they damn well can change the future . 
  was n't finlands bloody fault that russia fucked with it during the second world war , country in shambles after the wars , but look now and see finland prosper , all because the people in charge had some sense to look forwards , to plant a tree for your sons . 
  this should be done to shitholes in africa and middle-east and maybe , in 60 years they will prosper as well . 
  heard of rhodesia ? 
  used to be a quite nice country i hear , but now , look at zimbabwe . 
  `` most muslims '' who the fuck cares , the fact is that it 's the muslim terrorist organizations causing the most trouble , they are n't even the biggest religion . 
  i do n't think he meant it that way , more like culturally and not by skin color . 
  that 's a kind of an anti-human way of thinking though . 
  in the past ? 
  you mean colonization ? 
  that was all about gathering resources nobody gave a damn about the people , what i 'm trying to say that a good government should be put in place for the people . 
  there is no way that is possible since they operate from other countries , often very chaotic countries . 
  western countries should just invade the unstable ones and create a well managed and non-corrupt government , fund education , healthcare , and protect this new countrys borders . 
  creating a stabile country in these countries has proven to be very hard and i believe that we have to actually take another stance on this issue , just sending help to the better of two bads has n't worked so far too well , we should establish a good and destroy those bads . 
  wow , to think that someone believes that the modern day germans should be paying for the deeds of the nazis . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  wait what ? 
  for real ? 
  a link please ? 
  not all , only those who know how to use them . 
  then why do you specify earlier that since i am a tourist i wouldnt have any problems, 
  this is practically speaking impossible . 
  especially when there is a crowd . 
  and dont give me some bullshit about aiming at the feet . 
  maybe i dont want to support a culture where these things are shunned, 
  you ca n't affect history , only future . 
  communists huh ? 
  should i still feel bad for them ? 
  i have never been killed but there still are people who are murdered . 
  yeah but students will pay taxes as well at some point , a country should be a joint effort by all of its citizens ( ofc does n't ever happen that way but still ), 
  okay then https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_violence_in_finland here it says that immigrants from middle east are 17 times more likely to commit sexual violence than natives , i 'm not sure if it take into account the average age and gender of the immigrants but still 17 is a lot . 
  are you honestly doubting the fact that asylum seekers from middle east do more crimes on average than natives ? 
  that 's common knowledge . 
  yes because for native europeans the percentage of wrong doers is multiple times smaller . 
  there are multiple people in many households . 
  indeed , i 'm not even sure why media cares so much , are they really trying to push leftist agenda as some say or do n't they just have enough stuff to talk about ? 
  of course they can , a braindead cat could predict that . 
  so far they are pretty harmless as far as i know . 
  we should start making sure who the people are we need to send back and to where , the truth is that they ca n't stay here , one problem is that many of them disappear when they reach their destination 40 % of those whose asylum request gets denied here in finland disappear , that is unacceptable . 
  unite everything but control and be surprised that there are problems , europe was n't clearly built to cope with problems actually reaching europe which might have been a working philosophy if europe would have some kind of borders . 
  i know but still , people are of course more scared of terrorism than car accidents and with terrorism on the rise people will be even more scared of it , also , terrorism is n't the biggest problem that comes with these migrants . 
  this kind of a solution worked with australia . 
  that number 's not gon na stay the same for long . 
  culturally i do n't think there is much difference between finland and russia especially with russians close to the border , the differences are in wealth , laws , and language . 
  indeed , that 's why border control is quite important but of course not helping every single brown person on your border saying `` asylum '' would be racist so whatever , uncontrolled immigration is never good for a country . 
  implying iraq and afghanistan are n't just as bad .
