  how about confine people who have n't got their asylum yet in the asylum centers ? 
  322 in orange confirmed, 
   modified rifle come on it 's not really all that modified, 
  what was an excessive ? 
   m16 and m4 would also fail that test https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsizvpfqftw, 
  woops i meant the hk416 , but it seems that even the 7.62 x51 version is almost as light as the g36 . 
  6 mags + 1 in the gun is what usa uses for combat troops . 
  the optics of the g36 are connected to the barrel by plastic , plastic is more vulnerable to heat deformation than many metals which other rifles use . 
  if i recall correctly they are considering the hk417 as a replacement , a much better firearm . 
  also , g36 is heavy for a gun made out of plastic , why bother with plastic if you are going to make the gun heavy . 
  it has a thin barrel and it 's optics are not connected to the barrel by plastic , not steel or something . 
  plastic is vulnerable to heat and will deform more than steel or some other metals . 
  you can not design a weapon around the fact that it is unlikely that the soldier fires all his rounds in one go . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsizvpfqftw 800 rounds from an ar-15, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsizvpfqftw 800 rounds out of an ar-15, 
  that sounds like a quite bad problem for a military firearm . 
  german rifles use the same caliber as canadian rifles so assuming the canadians had some spare rounds that shouldnt be a problem . 
  if what the other guy said is true then what you say is wrong , a soldier often carries 200 rounds loaded in magazines . 
  any modern military rifle should easily handle 200 rounds . 
  but thats just plain wrong . 
  mg 's often have 200 round belts . 
  also , your average soldier carries about 200 rounds loaded in magazines and it does n't take long to shoot them all . 
  and how much is that . 
  did they fire ~ 20 mags or 600 rounds because that is pretty much 3x what an ordinary soldier carries . 
  conviction rate would also be needed.for those statistics to be usefull and even then there are problems , a very hard thing to measure . 
  have you ? 
  `` sure things are bad but atleast we are n't america '', 
  i know that , it 's just odd that they 've kept their identity . 
  if there 's so many of them and their cultural heritage is so strict why do n't they have their own nation ? 
  also , if measures so far have n't worked why do n't governments use harder measures ? 
  i sure would n't be proud of what they are now . 
  hard to rule nation with mere balls, 
  why are the roma people so hard to integrate ? 
  proud that they ruled one small country ? 
  yes, 
  look at his flag . 
  illegal :(, 
  all jews innit, 
   4,5 times more likely to be shot gang violence ? 
  having a concealed firearm is not going to make you suddenly more vulnerable to getting shot , that 's just common sense , what you liberals keep ranting about . 
   bloomberg, 
  that 's not how it works , sure it is hard to do anthung against someone attacking from behind but thats what spatial swareness is for , but some one charging at you with a knife in his hand or something you might have time to pull out your gun . 
  if i think you might want to assault me i would n't do anything because a thought is not a crime , atleast if you ask me . 
  if you wont assault me i think i can manage that . 
  oh boy you are deluded , i 'm glad one stupid redditor does n't represent the whole country . 
  i 'm sure i 'll have a great time when i come over to your no-violent-crime wonderland . 
  yeah there 's not a single violent crime ever happened in czech yeah sure , maybe i should move there since you can never be in danger or bodily harm . 
  because there are 3 people beating the shit out of you ? 
  because you are getting stabbed in a dark alley by two thugs ? 
  let me ask you , are you dumb ? 
  do you think that every fight ever is 1v1 ? 
  that 's certainly not how it works . 
  why would the fact that people do n't usually have guns magically make people not want guns to protect themselves ? 
  that does n't change the fact that as far as i know you can actually legally carry a firearm , something unheard of in almost all other european countries . 
   normies, 
  oh sorry i must have dropped my meme arrow , here we go . 
   implying, 
  oh well , atleast here in finland the police have admitted that these events are indeed a new thing . 
  it 's pretty funny actually , the questions asked by the journalists were quite biased and they seemed to be surprised by the answers they got . 
  implying, 
  same here in finland , the stupidity of the mainstream media is surprising to me , surely they knew that if they are biased there will be other places where people find their news from and these places are n't always too credible . 
  they kinda do though as a result of less accidents and stuff . 
  hard to deal with a crowd of 1000 among which there are 50-60 perpetrators . 
  you cant single them out , the group might even protect them in their limited knowledge . 
  happened in russia so nobody cares i guess . 
  why is it always muslims who are the perpetrators for this stuff anyway ? 
  rare flag, 
  i mean . . 
  just make the mens rape clinic size to be somewhere around that 5 % you mentioned . 
  the german knows !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  if they are in a position to act , they should . 
  if they are supported by other countries that is a plus of course but building a fence does n't cost all that much . 
  prompting other countries to do the same , which is good in the long run . 
  is there any reason to believe these to really be his last words ? 
  i totally would tbh . 
  especially on the internet !, 
  idk if i 'd want to invite someone who hides her face to a party . 
  usa global terrorist going at it again !, 
  `` le pen '', 
  people would n't drown on the mediterranean if they would n't go sailing in so bad boats \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yes we are product of our environments , but the problem is that these people will bring their environment here . 
  fuck , i just looked it up , sorry i remembered it wrong . 
  was gon na delete my comment bc it was wrong . 
  was n't gandhi assassinated by a religious fanatic ? 
  in a criminal investigation everyone is a subject . 
  not guilty , but a subject . 
  in a criminal investigation everyone is a suspect . 
  you can never know . 
  there are motives for both sides . 
  there is not enough evidence yet as far as i know . 
  no-one should be declared innocent before we find the wrongdoer . 
  my percentage was from this http://yle.fi/uutiset/miksi_syyrialaisia_turvapaikanhakijoita_ei_tule_suomeen/8298830 the percentages still does n't look too good for europe , according to wikipedia only about 40 % of the refugees are syrian . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#statistics also where do you think those who are denied asylum will go ? 
  and btw just leaving a conversation is a sure way to show that you do n't believe in your own argument, 
  interesting how someone can be so certain , i thought germans were meant to be intelligent . 
  http://www.migri.fi/download/57236_tp-hakijat_marras_2014.pdf?9776c00b65acd288 syyria = syria yhteens\u00e4 = in total there , i translated it for you because i am afraid you would n't understand it otherwise . 
  ffs dude you cant be seriously calling these people refugees , only 2 % percent of people who arrive here can be actually proven to be syrian . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  anyway these people who come through so many countries seeking `` refuge '' even complain about food they are given here in finland , the same fucking food we feed our old people and students , and that alone should be enough in my mind to not let these people come to our society .
