  good . 
  let 's also eliminate the 200-euro note . 
  and let 's add images of people to the front of the banknotes . 
  still bianchi , rossi and verdi . 
  or maybe han , ling and salah, 
  they are not defending europe but themselves ( maybe ) . 
  some dogs go wof wof !, 
  well , turkey is `` de jure '' a parliamentary republic but `` de facto '' it 's often represented as a semi-presidential republic . 
  most people know who erdogan is , not davutoglu . 
  i think erdogan should respect its own constitution . 
  btw is n't this happening also in the eu ? 
  it appears that tusk wants to be the strong man of eu institutions , while juncker should be that man ( he is also the one with the most democratic accountability ) . 
  i voted for the social-democrats last time , but still ... it 's juncker 's job . 
  why do n't you mention germany ? 
  they were also against new sanctions , pretty sure the japanese opposed them too . 
  foreign policy is pragmatic . 
  the g7 probably agreed to wait for inspections or too se russia 's reaction after tillerson 's visit in moscow . 
  that makes sense, 
  i know it 's weird but still it is n't wrong to say `` ocean '' . 
  if he said mediterranean ocean or atlantic sea , that would be wrong . 
  well , we all have ~ 1 billion people less than china . 
  so everything 's relative . 
  not talking about rivers and lakes . 
  so the uk is not in the atlantic ocean ? 
  really , friend ? 
  unfortunately it does . 
  per capita figures , wealth per adult and the human developmeny index of bangladesh are pretty low . 
  but the economy is n't everything . 
  according to the united nations , bangladesh gdp in 2015 [ was 176 billions usd ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp ) . in the same year , that of milan [ was a bit higher ] ( http://www.milanotoday.it/economia/pil-milano-quarto-europa-2015.html ) . 
  that of greater milan was above 300 billions according to the brooklin institutions . 
  that of lombardy is a bit below 500 billions usd . 
   there are plenty of reasons why the euro is a bad fit for italy tell me one  a perfect storm awaits the euro in italy , a unpopular government a anti-establishment party leading the polls pledging to hold a euro referendum , a banking crisis which continues to roll on with the ecb seen as forcing losses on savers . 
  we always find a way to avoid the national disaster , do n't worry . 
  our instability is our stability . 
  obviously , but only because we are talking about developed nations . 
  bangladesh has 170 million people and its nominal gdp is smaller than that of milan . 
  that 's what i mean , regarding the seas . 
  it 's not like you ca n't say `` ocean '' beacuse there is a sea . 
  the uk is in the atlantic ocean even if there are different seas around it . 
  it may sound weird but it is not wrong . 
  the idea to have a bridge there is massively unpopular pretty much everywhere in the country . 
  sometimes people joke by saying that a bridge there will only connect ` ndrangheta and cosa nostra . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's out of the budget . 
  if i remember correctly the cost is between 4 and 8 billions , if you want do it you can do it . 
  it 's more like the industry of ferry boats and a lot of locals do not want it as they prefer to see money put on something else . 
  the mediterranean sea is part of an ocean though . 
  i do n't even know what 's point of leaving the euro for france and italy . 
  in italy , populists say that the euro is good only for exporting nations with a trade surplus ... but italy is an exporting nation with a trade surplus so i do n't understand that argument ( o __ o ) . 
  the problem of italy is the huge negative impact that the crisis had on the internal demand , especially in the south . 
  and i do n't see how leaving the euro will increase consumptions or investments . 
  regarding luigi di maio , he is basically a puppet of grillo . 
  the economic platform of the five star movement seems to be : a ) degrowth and b ) universal income . 
  lunatic . 
  they give the wrong answer to italy 's problems . 
  same for le pen in france . 
   off fact and stereotype the two ca n't be together, 
  i 'd say russia , turkey , the uk and the us are the most criticised nations here . 
  that 's true in rome too , there can not be buldings taller than the st.peter 's dome within the central part of the city . 
  there was a huge debate around the great mosque of rome , cause they could have made it taller than the st.peter 's dome since it 's on a hill . 
  do n't remember how it ended . 
  yes , if there are n't surprises, 
  there is a second round between the two candidates with the most votes . 
  at the moment polls show macron and le pen fighting for the first spot , melenchon and fillon fighting for the third spot . 
  le pen will lose to everyone in the second round but she has a chance with fillon . 
  macron will win with everyone in the second round but he has a small advantage if he has to face melenchon . 
  according to polls . 
  i guess so , yes . 
  he has a plan a and a plan b. 
  plan a is : we remain if a negotiation to reform the eu succeds . 
  and plan b is basically frexit if the negotiations do not succed . 
  from what i 've understood he wants a referendum on the european treaties after a negotiation , just like cameron with brexit and italy 's five star movement with the euro . 
  i consider this a very bad strategy . 
  the good thing about him is that i do n't see him as a crazy/authoritarian leader like lepen , grillo , wilders , farage and othere populists you find in europe . 
  between him and le pen i 'd choose him , if i was french . 
  but it 's better to have macron at this point . 
  germany 's share is at 25 % if you do n't include the uk , followed by france ( 17,8 % ) , italy ( 13,45 % ) , spain ( 8,9 % ) and the netherlands ( 5,7 % ), 
  well , the sicilian economy is what it is and you have most ( of the large amount ) of former supporters of berlusconi voting for grillo now , since it 's unlikely that they 'll vote for the northern league . 
  it looks like they 'll lose the next elections in palermo though ( according to the current polls , so take it for what it is ) . 
  they will likely win the next regional elections , i do n't remeber when they are . 
  not according to international law . 
  a non-defensive military action in another country is justified only if there is the consensus of the government of that country or a vote of the un, 
   and eu must do everything in its power to reduce the violence there i agree with this but i doubt it will happen through military escalation . 
  we better stay neutral in that shitshow that is the siryan civil war . 
  we should provide humanitarian aid , support the people attacked by the regime or by the terrorists and help to find a diplomatic solution , but let 's not get involved in the actual war between assad and the rebels . 
  putin and trump are both out of their minds , assad is bad , most of the rebels are bad too at this point . 
  hope the eu as a whole does n't endorse trump . 
  merkel and hollande want just visibility . 
  destabilizing the mediterranean is against the european interests . 
  yeah and that 's the problem . 
  i know how it works , i 'm proposing to change it . 
  nope . 
  the european council does n't usually vote . 
  it works by consensus ( so each country has de facto veto power ) . 
  the council of ministers votes and , in theory , there could be a majority and a minority . 
  it does not need a consensus . 
  true that, 
   * so this is how democracy dies , under thunderous applause * theresa may , after the eu gives to juncker ** power , unlimited power **, 
  the difference is that germany has a single federal president , not a german council of the head of governments of the l\u00e4nder . 
  and since a president is unlikely , we should merge the duplicates and have a proper senate . 
   the council of ministers has `` various configurations depending on subject '' , does that mean committees ?
