  i remember in 2011 the center-right was dominating : cameron in uk , merkel in germany , sarkozy in france , berlusconi in italy and so on ... 
  i do not want anyone to babysit italy . 
  we are trying to take the lead by proposing the `` migration compact '' , by trying to stabilize libya and by leading eu missions in the med . 
  the crisis is huge and you ca n't sent boats back , so it makes no sense to criticize us that way or to make things more complicated for italy ( certain governments in europe are doing that ) . 
  we were right in criticising berlusconi 's policies on migration , so we ca n't be wrong now . 
  i 'll not accept the concept that italy is always at fault . 
  the court ruling is about a decision made by berlusconi to send 200 african migrants back in libya in 2009 and libya was a safe country that year . 
  imagine pushing hundreds od boats back to libya today ( i should call it tripolitania + cyrenaica + fezzan + random terrorists ) . 
  people like to criticize italy anyway so no ... no statues ... if renzi started pushing boats back jn that context ... italy would be described as a fascist state by the whole world . 
  berlusconi did so and that 's what the european court of human rights told him ( meanwhile he was criticized all over italy and the rest of mainland europe for doing that ) https://euobserver.com/justice/115357, 
  the `` resf of europe '' asked us to lead `` eu navfor med '' or `` operation sophia '' or whatever you wan na call it . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_navfor_med and we are the fourth country in europe for number of refugees . 
  we have also proposed a `` migration compact '' and we are also confronting the crisis since years so i do not accept lessons on this . 
  berlusconi was criticized by everyone ( including me and a lot of italians ) for what he did with libya and now you want to criticize what renzi is doing ? 
  basically you do n't like what we do even if you do not know what we do . 
  you do not know that we are involved in trying to stabilize that failed state that is libya . 
  the libyan prime minister al serraj arrived in tripoli thanks to our navy with no help from other states , actually against the will of egypt , france and others . 
  i have never been in sudtirol in my life . 
  i live in rome . 
  i 'm watching a government in vienna trying to mantain consensus by doing this kind of stuff basically doing what the far right wants to do . 
  and what 's the result ? 
  the far right is on the rise ... you know why ? 
  when voting , people choose the `` original '' if the alternative is a copy of it . 
  this is a european crisis , so there 's no austrian/french/italian / german/etc . . solution , only a european solution or none . 
  the whole way the austrian government is managing the migration crisis is wrong and also uneffective . 
  that 's pretty much what hungary did ( and what berlusconi 's italy did ) . 
  orban and berlusconi have been largely criticized by media and also by redditors here ( and that 's correct imho ) . 
  now i do not change my mind . 
  this should not become ok because austria does it now . 
  you wo n't solve anything at national level . 
  you may even decide to not accept anyone ... . but if you do not take actions at a european level it 's just propaganda and it 's counterproductive . 
  except the eurozone is larger than ever and no member state has ever left the eurozone ... actually countries are joining or planning to join every year, 
  well i live in rome , so no :d . 
  rome is the political , `` religious '' and cultural capital while milan is the financial , economic and industrial capital . 
  i really liove milan but it 's the the typical metroplitan area with a skyline ( btw greater milan has around 7 million so yeah it 's bigger than rome . 
  but if you look at the city proper only , rome is bigger . ), 
  i mean , ok milan has an elegant skyline but there are dozens of cities like milan . 
  rome is unique and it 's more approriate as a capital also cause it has always been a capital ( roman empire , papacy and now italy ) . 
  yes , if you are talking about the city proper . 
  no , if you are talking about the metropolitan areas . 
  the so-called `` greater milan '' is way bigger , it 's around 7/8 million people https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/milan_metropolitan_area, 
  dude ... 
  i have been there . 
  lupin iii has been there too :d, 
  i love that movie . 
  quote `` i 'd rather be a pig than a fascist '' . 
  awesome, 
  next time vote social democrats . 
  i know they can only form grand coalitions , but the commission president can play a role in changing the eu policy . 
  the problem is that juncker has probably little intention to do so . 
  better than barroso though . 
  i am speaking for myself ... and i am pretty sure the northern league has some good proposals and some good candidates but they were doing a rally with neo-fascists not so long ago in rome . 
  today is 25 april and we commemorare the end of the civil war in 1945 . 
  the italian republic is founded upon anti-fascist values . 
  fascism violates our constitution . 
  let 's hope the northern league stops to go around with neo-fascists , otherwise they are going around with people guilty-by-associatiin according to our constitution : `` it shall be forbidden to reorganise , under any form whatsoever , the dissolved fascist party . '', 
  northern league wanted to break italy not so long ago and now they want to break the eu . 
  they have zero respect for the presidency of the republic and it 's a chauvinist party , some of their members justified the attack in norway in 2011 and some of them basically consider people from southern italy another race . 
  so i think i am entitled to think that when they are happy on these kind of issues ... people like me are unhappy . 
  i think that you can in most of them . 
  not in british territories for example, 
  well japan has a logistics base in djibouti and some large helicopter carriers but they can not be equipped with attack aircraft so they can not be operated as light aircaft carriers . 
  i thought they had more power projection to be honest . 
  for comparison , italy has more power projection . 
  we have 2 light airctaft carriers , a logistics base in djibouti and a wing of our air force operating in the united arab emirates . 
  let 's make another comparison with the other defeated power of wwii : germany . 
  it has zero power porjection : no carriers and no military facilities outside of germany . 
  a list based on power projection is italy  japan  germany , and that 's not by accident . 
  post-war restrictions were the strongest for germany  japan  italy . 
  it 's the dollar cause the gdp is calculated using the us dollar . 
  you can see every economy ha lost a substantial part of its gdp ( apart from countries growing 7 % or 8 % a year ), 
  but ppp is not useful when measuring economic power , exports , industrialization etc. ... ppp it 's useful for gdp per capita though , standard of living and that stuff like that . 
  guys , the us has surpassed the eu in 2015 and that 's the result of a wrong economic policy we have followed for years while america was investing a lot of money into its economy . 
  i mean , i am still waiting for the juncker plan . 
  still , that does not change the fact that the eu is a economic superpower along with the us and china . 
  russia 's decline is impressive on the other hand . 
  `` i can see russia from my house '', 
  now that 's a bad result . 
  our news websites and media are talking about this . 
  something like `` far right candidate '' wins in austria . 
  the `` northern league '' ( our anti-immigration party ) is happy , never a good sign . 
  i hope that hofer is defeated in the second round . 
  and that 's exactly why italy and britain have called for a two-speed europe this very year . 
  when you advocate a change in the current union led by france and germany ... you need a contry supporting the idea of a federal part of the two-speed europe ( italy ) and one supporting the non-federal part of the two-speed europe ( britain ) . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12050576/britain-and-italy-stand-together-on-eu-reform.html `` italy and the uk have two very different views of europe . 
  while the uk holds the single market as its main focus , italy 's position is inspired by the vision of a federal eu and ever-closer integration , both economically and politically ... a successful eu will be on which can combine these different visions of europe and embrace that diversity . 
  we need a flexible , reformed eu in which different paths of integration can coexist successfully to build a europe fit for the future . 
  this is what we are working together to achieve . '', 
  that 's also good to counter-balance the franco-german motor , cause italy and britain are both g8 nations . 
  in addition , italy is a founding member and britain is a p5 country . 
  it 's absolutely ideal to counter-balance the franco-german influence . 
  i have to admit . 
  i have found this on wiki . 
  :d section `` view of europe '' . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_four_ ( european_union ), 
  gaddafi said the worst things about switzerland . 
  `` at the 35th g8 summit , gaddafi publicly called for the dissolution of switzerland , its territory to be divided among france , italy and germany . '', 
  `` in august 2009 , hannibal gaddafi stated that if he had nuclear weapons , he would `` wipe switzerland off the map '', 
  well , those ministers were basically kicked out by renzi even if they were not inquired . 
  this happens everywhere in europe .
