  italy has 60.808.000 inhabitants according to istat . 
  and the popoulation is slightly increasing every year . 
  i assume this projection is only about italians and does not account for migrant arrivals . 
  the situation is not dramatic as long as young ( legal ) migrants arrive . 
  there is a lot of people screaming against immigrants here . 
  but they are really sustaining the system . 
  sorry i am not a good english speaker . 
  i mean , renzi tends to dispprove proposals made without italy considering that , after all , he is the leader of a founding and major member of the eu . 
  the orginal `` capitol hill '' is in rome . 
  it 's now the seat of the city council and where the mayor has its office . 
  totally agree with you . 
  it 's interesting to see how things evolve now . 
  my point is valid cause italy will be in favour of a ez finance ministry if : 1 ) it is a step towards federalisation . 
  2 ) it 's not coming from a franco-german initiative excluding italy from the decision-making process . 
  having a eurozone finance ministry is not immediatly a sign of federalization . 
  for example a main problem is who choose the finance minister . 
  renzi recently proposed primary elections in order to choose the president of the european commission . 
  in that case , the president of the european commission can choose this `` hypotethical '' finance minister and i would be fine with that . 
  otherwise , it is going to be nominated by the european council where most eu states are aligned with germany and it will not be a step towards federalization but the `` 20th finance minister of the eurozone '' with lesser powers than schauble . 
  that 's awesome, 
  this proves my point in a certain way . 
  first of all , italy wants more political union . 
  `` some believe that the way it works is more or less fine with minor adjustments . 
  i think this is not enough '' mr padoan said . 
  of course if we have more political union we can have a european finance minister . 
  i have no problems with that . 
  i 'm with juncker on this . 
  erdogan is an asshole . 
  this is italy 's proposal . 
  france and germany are proposing that europe should act as two ( germany and france ) . 
  the proposal may be a good one . 
  but i 'm sure 100 % renzi will say `` no '' to this proposal because of two reasons ( and i agree with him ) . 
  two reasons : 1 ) is this a step towards federalization ? 
  probably not ... it 's coming from the french and the germans ... so it has to be pro-intergovernmentalism . 
  the franco-german motor is the opposite of a federal eu , by definition . 
  2 ) it looks like italy ( 61 million people , third net contributor to the eu , founding member of the eu , third largest economy in the eurozone ) can be excluded from the decision-making process . 
  at this point it is clear that italy should start to work with britain for a two-speed europe where both federalists ( like italy ) and `` free-traders '' like britain can be happy . 
  the franco-german motor is leading us nowhere . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's it . 
  a `` britalian '' alliance in europe can counter-balance the franco-german influence since britain and italy are the third and fourth biggest states in the eu and both are g8 nations . 
  we eat them in rome too , but we call them `` frappe '' . 
  ` pepperoni pizza ' does not exist in italy . 
  we have `` peperoni '' = peppers, 
  exactly , `` the continent '' ( il continente ) is also used by people living in sicily or sardinia when they refer to the rest of italy . 
  renzi wants the parliament to approve same sex civil unions and stepchild adoption ... but 45-50 % of italians , a lot of mps and pope frank do not agree . 
  dat crimea though . 
  yeah i mean in the eu : uk  france  germany  italy . 
  you overtook italy 2 years ago and france this year 2014 data : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth, 
  the article is implying that italy is against the eu because renzi has `` contradictory views with schauble on crucial issues , from fiscal policy to the banking sector '' . 
  wow . 
  i 'm speechless . 
  biased article . 
  there is a huge misunderstaing here . 
  renzi , like most italians , wants a federal eu and he talks about european values in every speech he makes . . he is just saying that the eu should not be based on austerity rules and burocracy . 
  he is also the only european g7 leader that wants more integration in foreign policy ... ask hollande , merkel and cameron if they agree . 
  europeanism does not mean you have to agree with the current government of the eu on everything . 
  if i am italian and i disagree with renzi 's policies it does not mean i am anti-italian . 
  it should be the same thing . 
  renzi is a centre-left leader and he disagrees with juncker on various issues ... is that weird ? 
  it 's absolutely normal !, 
  i do n't like renzi 's rethoric against brussels sometimes but . . schauble wants to kick greece out of the euro and out of schengen . 
  is he euroskeptic ? 
  what 's the eu ? 
  austerity or free movement ? 
  austerity is a policy and as such it can be argued and changed . 
  free movement is a pillar of the eu and it should not be questionable . 
  net wealth too . 
  we had a very weak growth this year , but the point is that we experienced 5 years of recession . 
  it 's impressive how we are still the eighth largest economy in the world ( this year , we have been overtaken by india , but at the same time we have overtaken brazil ) the map is an exageration : france grew 1,2 % , while italy grew 0,9 % so not a big difference . 
  next year : italy 1,5 % , france 1,4 % if i am not wrong . 
  ot our anthem includes some references to austria : `` we were for centuries downtrodden , derided , because we are not one people , because we are divided . 
  let one flag , one hope gather us all . 
  the hour has struck for us to unite ... mecenary swords , they 're feeble reeds . 
  the austrian eagle has already lost its plumes . 
  the blood of italy and the polish blood it drank , along with the cossack , but it burned its heart . '', 
  the polish anthem includes references to italy too . 
  that 's what i have always said ... what kind of pro-eu nation propose to kick greece out of the eurozone for five years ? . 
  what kind of pro-eu nation wants to suspend schengen ? 
  germany does not want a federal europe , i mean . . that 's so obvious ... the german government likes the current rules governing europe , the current balance of power in europe but not the idea of a federal europe . 
  i 'd say that centre-left , centre-right and centrist/liberal parties all tend to be pro-eu . 
  the left criticises austerity policies and the right criticizes the migration policy ... but we are talking policies here ... not the very existence of the eu . 
  it 's like when you criticize a country 's government but not the country itself . 
  a social-democrat criticising the current balance of power in the eu ( because he wants more political union and less neo-conservativism ) is much more pro-eu than some that pretend everything the eu does is fine . 
  on the other hand , far-right parties and far-left parties tend to be euro-skeptic . 
  it 's a `` totum pro parte '' btw . 
  it makes sense, 
  our foreign minister was quoted as saying this : https://mobile.twitter.com/maxfostercnn/status/695220224694620160 so : 1 ) egypitian authorities are not cooperating 2 ) the news that giulio was tortured first came from our foreign ministry . 
  the first thing the egyptian police said was `` it 's a car accident '' . 
  now we know it was not a car accident . 
  3 ) giulio dissappeared on 25 january , same day the egyptian revolution began in 2011 . 
  maybe he was protesting , maybe he was really an opponent of the regime . 
  but the whole situation is weird, 
  ok , but do n't worry italian media do not point fingers about malta . 
  malta has a good reputation here . 
  are you kidding ? 
  germany proposed to kick greece out of the euro for five years ... that 's not so different from what euroskeptic parties say ... 
  when berlusconi was in power he did not let migrants in italy . . and all of europe said `` racist italians ! '' . 
  now we have a left-wing government that has decided to lead the entire eu naval operation in the med ( operation sophia or whatever ) and you say `` italians are ignoring the external border control '' . 
  so basically everything we do is wrong . 
  i thought berlusconi was wrong back then .
