  cutting taxes cost money . 
  that 's what italy did in last years so we are not saying that countries should increase debt . 
  we are saying that a susteinable growth is the way to reduce the debt . 
  but if you have to stop cutting taxes , if you ca n't finance your reforms and if eu-investments are not effective because we have to obey to technocratic rules ... then we are not going to have growth and no debt reduction in the long term . 
  btw italy 's deficit is not big ... so it 's wrong to say that we want debt or public spending etc. . . 
  you are so optimistic ... 
  except we are a net contributor to the eu, 
  i totally disagree . 
  the referendum is about reducing the powers of the senate to normal powers of a normal upper house . 
  no senate in parliamentary republics ( or parliamentary monarchy ) has the same powers of the lower house ; and no senate in the world can vote a motion of no confidence to the government . 
  what 's abhorrent about the electoral law for the chamber ? 
  the constitutional court may change it in october if it has some problems ; but it 's not part of the referendum anyway . 
  the current electoral law at the current senate is abhorrent . 
  in fact if the referendum fails we 'll have no government ( or super-grand coalitions ) for a loooot of time . 
  and then we 'll complain about political instability , too much mps , the unuseful political enties and all the stuff we have in the reform . 
  and the reform actually makes some good and reasonable steps when it comes to direct democracy . 
  well the uk is doing something legal and the idea to kick greece out was illegal . 
  the point is , they have been threatened and/or put under pressure . 
  imagine if you are the one to do something illegal ... 
  1 ) i agree , but that 's my point 2 ) offer ? 
  yeah an offer greece ca n't refuse . 
  ( * relevant flair * ) . 
  greece was not punished because of the social-democratic bloc in the council and because they accepted the juncker package . 
  3 ) britain is pretty powerful and influential . 
  and still , it 's under pressure and during the negotiations it will be 27 vs 1 or something like that . 
  some economic and political reforms proposed by italy http://www.governo.it/sites/governo.it/files/asharedpolicystrategy_20160222.pdf http://www.ansa.it/english/news/world/2016/04/15/italy-proposes-migration-compact-to-eu_f7efdc81-7df8-4999-b90d-c0c96ca9acc6.html http://europeanpost.co/renzi-primary-election-to-select-the-president-of-the-european-commission/, 
  the eu institutions were about to smash greece into pieces because of the result of tsipras ' referendum . 
  germany wanted to kick greece out of the eurozone . 
  i absolutely disapproved that and i did n't like this kind of behavior . 
  but that 's what happens . 
  you ca n't let each county decide its own form of union for itself . 
  the other countries ( the ones respecting eu treaties ) will react to that in a way or another . 
  i 'm not saying that eu law hampers growth ... but the eu it 's structured in way we do not have some tools other economies have ( look at the powers of the fed and compare with that of the ecb for example . 
  look at how weak is the juncker plan : it could be muc more effective ) . 
  italy has proposed some reforms and i 'm pretty sure france has proposed a similar kind of reforms too . 
  i think sanctions are likely to take place cause if a country decides unilaterally to leave the eurozone , then a country can decide to leave the schengen area etc. 
  well of course you can do illegal stuff , but it 's illegal . 
  yes https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/grec\u00eca_salentina, 
  well , to say that the five star movement supports the eu is wrong . 
  they want a referendum on our membership in the eurozone ( you ca n't exit the euro on your own but anyway they say whatever they want ) . 
  they have euroskpetic positions and euroskeptic allies . 
  so no , farage 's biggest ally in the european parliament does not `` fully support the eu '' . 
  i `` m schoked by the fact that this author is italian . 
  you do n't get what italy is saying . . it 's not just about austerity ... the eu needs structural reforms too . 
  we are not happy with our slow recovery but is germany really happy with a 0.4 % growth in the second quarter ? 
  is france happy with a 0 % growth in the second quarter?really ? 
  polls are like 50 % to 50 % : i still have faith in the italian people . 
  renzi had 70 % approval in the first months he was in power ... and he was super-popular ... than he did the structural reforms and his approval rating fell to like 35-30 % . 
  so i do n't understand your point . 
  yeah what could possibly go wrong ? 
  you are a self-hating italian . 
  your opinion is not relevant . 
  keep voting for berlusconi , grillo , salvini or any other anti-euro and tax evasor clown . 
  no problem whatsoever . 
  a ) this is the flag of europe and she is european . 
  b ) she wanted to show solidarity with france , belgium , germany for recent terror attacks ... instead of bringing three or four flags , she used just the european one . 
  3 ) i guess she believes in the european project ... so you can also bring a european flag if you feel `` european '' ... just like you can bring the peace flag if you believe in peace 4 ) this gesture was appreciated in italy . 
  really ? 
  i mean we have a lof of problems ... but i think italy is actually one of the brightest examples of separation of political/judiciary system . 
  our prosecutors are judicial officers just like judges and our minister of justice has no power whatsoever over investigations and stuff like that . 
  politicians of all levels and parties are arrested and convicted since 20 years . 
  man , you do n't send your money to italy . 
  we are a net contributor to the eu . 
  instead of the `` shish '' thing ... that 's my fav video : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kq0csdlua9a, 
  renzi 's tweet ( translation ) : `` in this country , judges respond to the italian constitution , not to the turkish president . 
  it 's called rule of law '', 
  i understand sanchez ' point of view . 
  i guess psoe will lose a huge amount of votes if it joins a grand coalition led by the pp . 
  cause they are mix of both far-left populists and far-right populists so they look like a centrist party . 
  this does not change the fact that grillo is fucking dangerous . 
  italy never bailed out in its history as a united nation , nigel . 
  but they are farges 's ally in the european parliament and they want a referendum in order to exit from the eurozone . 
  and they are n't certainly a left-wing party . 
  in fact they have no clear position on immigration , citizenship , civil rights , etc. ... which is kinda frustrating cause when journalists * ask them about this kind of issue ... they do not give answers . 
  it 's a sort of mix between far-right populists and far-left populists . 
  a dangerous mix if you ask me . 
  what drives me crazy is that they have the worst supporters . 
  they tend to insult you on the internet , they are very aggressive in doing that cause they kinda colonized the italian web ( you think you know what i mean by that , but no ... you have no idea ) . they consider grillo a god and they imitate what he says and what he does . 
  he is a master of insults basically ... so most of his supportes and some of his mps basically call whores women of other parties , and they say everybody else except them are thieves , corrrupt etc. 
  what 's ironic is that grillo has ome serious problems with justice . 
  * members of the five star movement are usually interviewed alone cause they refuse to take part in debates . 
  that 's so frustrating imo cause they have a sort of special place in talk shows . 
  and despite this , they say all journalists are pro-establishment or whatever . 
  at least god was smart enough to place the uk in the middle of the sea at the top of the map :d, 
  the other track it 's a eu project btw . 
  if we count only the army , the navy , and the air force we are at 180,000 ( still more than germany and britain though ) . 
  but carabinieri are also used in peacekeeping missions and they are the fourth branch of the `` armed forcez '' , this is why they are included . 
  so 280,00 350,000 is probably an exagerration , it 's beacuse we have another group called `` guardia di finanza '' . 
  all members of guardia di finanza are organised under military lines and the guardia has a very large naval component for a police force . 
  but still it 's just a police force . 
  guardia di finanza fought in world war ii but in peacetime they have no role in a warfare scenario ( they have a role in border and sea security though ) . they are like 60,000 . 
  what 's good about the italian military is that we have two light aircraft carriers and a lot of troops able to take part in international missions . 
  so we have some kind of power projection other nations do n't have . 
  the difference is that cameron said he was not going to resign.if something goes wrong i hope mattarella saves the day . 
  if no wins , we 'll have a boschi government till 2018 trying to change the electoral law and to make a decent law for the senate.but i hope the yes wins obviously . 
  yeah ... tha 's good thing though but i do n't trust grillo and instability is a bad thing ... and to complete the picture , i think that the temporary government after renzi ( if he falls ) will be probably led by this woman . 
  the `` renzi go home '' campaign has coined the word `` renxit '' . 
  if renzi goes , no one knows what happens next . 
  probably a temporary government and then we go to elections without renzi . 
  in that case i 'm pretty sure the five star movement wins in the chamber of deputies but they will not have a majority in the senate .
