  and now i think italy is doing the right thing in this moment . 
  i wo n't change my mind like some that discovered the crisis only when migrants reached their country . 
  libya is going to have a government in the next weeks . 
  the next libyan government will ask italian troops to go in libya for a peacekeeping mission and slowly sabilizing the sh * t going on there . 
  our defense minister already said that . 
  the idea to suspend schengen is stupid , illegal and against the european values . 
  i just realized italy is the most pro-eu state right now . 
  the other countries are euroskeptic . . 
  france ? 
  * cough * calais jungle * cough * italy is actually involved in resolving the crisis in libya and the central mediterranean since years ... way before the refugees reached germany . 
  not really ... they should be responsible and respectful to their partners . 
  they proposed to exclude greece from schengen and they supported a temporary grexit ... i mean that 's just ridicolous and the most euro-sceptic things i have ever heard . 
  basically 1200 euros per year . . ( sh * t that 's bad ) ... but . . but you have your own nukes !!!!, 
  that 's awesome , is n't it ? 
  fascists ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  south tyrol was given to italy because we won world war i. 
  treaty of saint-germain . 
  i have always had excellent relations with romanians in italy . 
  most gypsies in italy are not romanians actually , educated people know that . 
  i know , my fault . 
  oh come on he was joking . 
  china has 1 billion people more than germany , but also 1 billion people more than italy , but also1 billion people more than the netherlands . 
  no difference at all . 
  we are all micro-states from their point of view . 
  i am not sure if this is true . 
  i thought we took all of the migrants going to malta . 
  i support the idea of a two-speed europe for the future in the framework of a federation where britain is not a federated state and it 's even more autonomous than today if they want . 
  continental europe and britain like mainland china and hong kong ( it 's just an example , of course europe should be democratic and not communist ) . 
  i 'd say italians have fought the most against italians especially before the risorgimento ( during the renaissance , italian wars ) but also after that ( brigantaggio and the civil war 43-45 ) . 
  if we do not include italians , it 's the austrian empire and the ottoman empire . 
  we had only two wars with ethiopia ( first time we lost , second time we won ) . 
  austria-hungary and the ottoman empire are the two foreign states we fought the most especially if we consider italian states pre-unification . 
  but we fought mostly against each other . 
  sorry i did not realize i wrote it twice . 
  i don ' t get this . 
  the oecd coined the term big four ( germany , france , britain and italy ) but you actually dont include italy in the big four . 
  that 's weird . 
  the gap between italy and the rest of the eu is larger than that between italy and the three countries you mentioned if you look at population , military , economy etc. . . 
  i mean at the moment there are four eu states ( the three you mentioned and italy ) that are part of important international fora such as the g7/g8/nato quint/contact group/syria talks / . 
  why do n't say big four ? 
  italy is without a doubt one of the big four and it ' s not my point of view but that of the oecd , the g8 , the ones that organized the syria talks . 
  there is even on wikipedia a page named `` big four ( european union ) '' . 
  italy was also invited at the iran talks , but berlusconi refused to make italy one of the countries at the talks . 
  take a look at the data of italy and at all these international groups of which italy is part . 
  it 's a pity that people know only bad things about italy and not the good ones . 
  big four . 
  we have more than 60 million people too , and we are part of the g8/g20/syria talks/nato quint/contact group ... just like you three :d . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_four_ ( european_union ), 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/g4_ ( eu ) https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_balance_of_power, 
  spain , sweden , portugal are not even in the g20 and they dont even have 50 million people ... italy has a bad reputation but there is a reason if the oecd includes italy in the the big four of the eu . 
  italy has some degree of power projection that germanty does not have ( 2 aircraft carriers vs 0 , italy has 2 logistical foreign bases and a better position in the med , germany does not ) . 
  germany spends more though while italy has more troops . 
  they are basically on the same level in terms of military and both of them are nuclear weapons sharing states ( spain ? 
  no holland ? 
  yes , but its military is much smaller than that of germany and italy ) . 
  of course britain and france are on another level when it comes to military . 
  italy is a g8 nation with a huge economy and an even bigger national net wealth . 
  of course italy is the least of the big four , but the gap between holland , sweden , portugal and italy is much much much larger than that between italy and germany , france , uk . 
  the fact that you include italy among the other eu member states and not among the eu big fout proves the fact that italy has a very bad reputation and people have little knowledge of the size of italy . 
  if you look at the sirya talks , only four eu states are invited and italy is included . 
  italy was also invited to the iran talks , berlusconi refused to partecipate . 
  so it 's not about what we think , but more about partecipation in international summits and if we look at the g8 , the g20 , the nato quint , the contact group , the syria talks etc. . . you realize that four eu states are included in all of them ( including italy ) . 
  the unsc is the only important forum in which italy does not take part and germany is not part of it too . 
  italy and germany have some degree of cultural influence . 
  german plays a role in the scientific community and italian plays a role in music ( opera , terminolgy etc. . . ) . 
  and the bishop of rome is the pope . 
  it looks like it 's not a one time thing . 
  italy did nothing wrong . 
  renzi simply asked some questions to the european commission and he is waiting for the answers . 
  for example is this payment considered part of the deficit ( italy is one of the countries that respect the 3 % rule ) and so on ... juncker does not have answers so we are waiting and we keep blocking . 
  do not feed the troll, 
  i knew it was a bad idea . 
  they are going to ask us money forever cause they know they can not join the eu ( they dont even want that ) . . oh and let 's remember that turkey is occupying an eu members state . 
  i think we can spend our money in a better way . 
  just saying . 
  ca n't we pay the unhcr operating in turkey , instead of paying the turkish government ? 
  yup that 's what i said . 
  all four the countries i mentioned are major nations . 
  italy is usually known as the `` least of the european major powers '' . 
  britain and france are military world powers . 
  and germany is the major economic power in the european union . 
  still , britain and france have no future as superpowers compared to the other world powers ( china , russia , the us ) . 
  germany and italy have a g8 seat but that 's it since they lost world war ii . 
  it 's not offensive ... it 's simply wrong, 
  i wish the eu was a world power on his own . 
  to be a world power you need a federal european union . 
  i have studied international relations a bit and the situation is the following : germany is a g8 state , a true economic powerhouse and a regional power . 
  france and britain are also limited world powers with some power projection ( unsc seat , blue water navies and aircraft carriers ) , but on the other hand they are not regional powers on germany 's level . 
  little italy has a seat in the g8 like the other three and limited power projection ( light aircraft carriers and a regional blue water navy in the mediterranean ) . 
  these four nations are considered the big four by the oecd ( yeah including hetalia ) , they form the nato quint with the us . 
  but they cant do shit compared to potential superpowers like china , russia , india . 
  france and britain have nukes though , while italy and germany are part of the nuclear sharing program so they have some form of nuclear deterrence . 
  the rest of the eu is not even in the g20 and no other country has more than 50 million inhabitants . 
  most germans do not think like you . 
  you are a rebel . 
  i like you . 
  they have veto power in the unsc . 
  you can not do shit without britain . 
  btw the eu is part of the talks too , so europe actually has 5 partecipants : the eu big four anf the eu itself . 
  germany has a lot of corruption too ... but keep dreaming that corruption exists only in the south of europe ( oh and last time i checked ... southern france is in southern europe too ... while large parts of north italy are technically in central europe but anyway . . ) .
