  nice . 
  thry are centrists, 
  i was talking about hamon . 
  fillon is a bad candidate . 
  you know i 'd be happy with that, 
  correct, 
  yeah , she probably called elections now cause she knows that true negotiations have to wait for the elections in germany anyway . 
  that 's what i think . 
  labour wo n't win seats in scotland and the lib dems will take back some votes , conservatives may win massively, 
  but germany has elections in september or october . 
  am i wrong ? 
  oh , did n't know that, 
  she resigns and bojo becomes prime minister ^ / s, 
  why should he retire ? 
  he won the primaries of his party . 
  it 's actually sad that his party is not even supporting him . 
  most of the other candidates did n't even win a primary election . 
  and he is pro-eu , melenchon is n't . 
  ** territorial map of exclusive economic zones in most of europe , north africa and a part of the middle east ** was a bit too long . 
  it 's gone awaii, 
  i think departugal is brilliant . 
  same for lat-me-out, 
  never judge a blob by its cover, 
  i hope so , but he is the most powerful and popular figure in turkey right now . 
  so it 's fair to assume that he will win the elections in 2019 with new massive powers , therefore being able to rule until 2029 thanks to the reform passed yesterday . 
  he is reducing the influence of the military , so a coup is unlikey . 
  the people do not want a civil war , understandably . 
  nato wo n't abandon him for the reasons mentioned before and he is the one killing the relationship with the eu . 
  i do n't see factors that can lead to the end of his sultanate . 
  i 'll add that the military budget is a not a good statistic to measure the efficiency of a military . 
  it 's as bad as looking only to the number of troops . 
  what matters in today 's world is deterrence and power projection . 
  true , i mean ending the eu accession talks . 
  there 's little to talk about eu membership with erdogan at this point . 
  and i think he does n't have interest in it anymore . 
  turkey = ottomans and sunni . 
  iran = persians and shia . 
  and both are n't arabs . 
  also , relations between russia and turkey are n't great on everything : erdogan is massively against assad in syria and al sisi in egypt , for example . 
  things are a bit more complicated . 
  and you ca n't kick someone out of nato , especially a country with a strategic position like turkey that has a strong military and is part of the nuclear sharing program . 
  one thing that we should do is ending once and for all their eu 's accession but erdogan is going to be the one to do it , at this point . 
  london battles to keep hold of two main eu agencies david davis claims medicine and banking bodies will not have to leave canary wharf the european medicines agency 's headquarters hosts 36,000 national regulators and scientists each year from across the continent britain is fighting to remain the home of two of the eu 's most prestigious agencies covering medicines and banking after brexit , in a move that is likely to cause astonishment in european capitals . 
  david davis , brexit secretary , said britain did not accept that the two agencies and roughly 1,000 staff will have to move from london 's canary wharf , even though the eu is about to run a competition to relocate them . 
  a uk brexit department spokesman said : `` no decisions have been taken about the location of the european banking authority or the european medicines agency -- these will be subject to the exit negotiations . '' the government has left open the possibility of remaining part of some eu agencies , at least in the short term , but the idea of the uk hosting key institutions after brexit is unacceptable in brussels . 
  mr davis may simply be putting the agencies into the wider brexit negotiation in the expectation that they can be traded for a concession elsewhere ; eu officials say there is no question they must move . 
  `` the government will discuss with the eu and member states how best to continue co-operation in the fields of banking and medicines regulation in the best interests of both the uk and the eu , '' the spokesman said . 
  but donald tusk , european council president , will this month set out the criteria for judging what will be an intensely fought competition over which city will replace london as the host of the agencies . 
  eu leaders are expected to discuss the new base for the agencies at a summit on april 29 , where the 27 remaining member states will hammer out their brexit strategy . 
  ` the ema and eba both have to go to a member state . 
  there are many interested member states . 
  there is a broad understanding that it is something that you need to move quickly on '' according to an eu official asked whether there could be a decision by june , the official said : `` that would be nice but i doubt it . 
  you do not have to spend long here to know that these decisions are difficult to make . '' the ema 's canary wharf headquarters hosts 36,000 national regulators and scientists each year from across the continent , who come to london to approve drugs for the eu . 
  london 's 890-strong secretariat plays a central role in co-ordinating that work . 
  the eba , which was set up in 2011 , has 159 staff at its london office , also at canary wharf . 
  copenhagen , amsterdam , milan , stockholm , barcelona and dublin are all bidding to host the medicines agency and there may eventually be up to 20 applicants . 
  the agency will not only bring highly skilled jobs to its new home but also act as a hub for the pharmaceutical industry and other research . 
  while european cities line up to bid for skilled work that is leaving london , john longworth , the eurosceptic former director-general of the british chambers of commerce , has published a report saying that brexit need not mean big delays at the border for goods passing between britain and the eu . 
  the report , published by the leave means leave campaign group , says efforts must be focused on using technology to create a `` frictionless '' border . 
  the report says businesses are `` far more concerned '' about customs clearance procedures within the uk and at the border with other countries than about any potential future tariffs with the eu . 
  mr longworth argues that , if necessary , customs checks could be carried out at a roadside station some distance away -- or `` inland clearance '' -- because ports such as dover have little space to carry out checks . 
  i wonder if that 's the case for educated people too . 
  there is gillo dorfles , art historian 106 years old , [ still able to talk about art ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=moi2aoja0_8 ) and go to museums etc. 
  * eats three eggs *, 
   she had been in love with a boy who was killed during world war one , and had no interest in marrying someone else . 
  wtf, 
  no one wants to take responsibility for that shit, 
  fixed it , thank you, 
  that 's rational , but you need a * soul * if you want to mantain a project like this alive . 
  the argument that it ensures peace between european countries is the soul of the project . 
  the eu wo n't have political , economical and military power if there is n't an historical reason behind it . 
  and that reason ca n't be austerity or the shape of bananas . 
  i disagree , i think it was the politico-economic integration that has made the wars in the eu impossible and inconvenient . 
  the threat of nuclear war is n't a factor if two nato nations clash , for example . 
  if an acute crisis does n't erupt between member states is because there is the eu , not nato . 
  a war between germany and greece can not happen , one between greece and turkey can . 
   environment right now where only that language was spoken like reddit ? 
  it 's true . 
  macedonia is both the country and the fruit salad . 
  like turkey in english is both a country and an animal . 
  well , its nickname is `` mare nostrum '' for a reason, 
  kinda false considering that overall italy is a net contributor , so that `` us '' contains us too if you use that logic . 
   thanks to the eu , i can choose where to live . 
  and the eu exists thanks to italy , dove vivi per curiosit\u00e0 ? 
  each country sent a lot of proposals . 
  darker countries are the ones with the most eligible projects for financing . 
  and an investment plan was a condition italy posed to support juncker 's election at the european council . 
  there 's always rome as a civilization and there are often italian city-states ( florence , venice ) but there 's never a civilization called `` italy '' . 
  now username checks out, 
  exactly . 
  this is why we fuckin deserve our own civilization in sid meyer 's games !, 
  username does not check out, 
   romanian music culture ma-ia-hii ma-ia-huu ma-ia-hoo ma-ia-haha, 
  it looks like he 's a self-hating italian , do n't lose your time with him . 
  will erdogan resign if no wins ? 
  is there a chance he can rig the elections and turn turkey into a dictatorship ? 
  [ there 's also an interview ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/federica-mogherini-performance-interview-self-assessment-reflection/ ), 
  every war in the planet in the history of wars has civilian casualties . 
  and that 's why it 's likely wrong to attack russian and chinese allies unilaterally . 
  imagine if the global superpower of tommorow is china : why ca n't they attack the us allies ( us ) in the same way ? , given that america did that ?
