  it means that if they debate foreign policy , there is a meeting of foreign ministers . 
  if they debate economic policies there is a meeting of economic ministers etc. 
   like why does the executive branch have two houses ? 
  that is kinda wrong . 
  you should see the whole european council as a collegial head of state , and the commission as a ( non-executive ) government . 
   who actually has executive power the president of the commission or the president of the council ? 
  the power to execute european laws is up to the single member states , so it 's not up to the european council and it 's not up to the commission . 
  the commission has the other roles typical of governments , not this one . 
  the commission speaks for the union when it comes to econimic affaires , represents more or less a majority in the institutions ( always a grand coalition ) , proposes the budget , acts as the guardian of the treaties and is the only institution that can propose laws to the parliament there 's often a clash between the president of the european council and the president of the commission , particularly regarding foreign policy as the high representative is both part of the commission and the council . 
   the red arrows say the president of the council is nominated by the `` collective heads of state or heads of government '' , but who actually decides/votes ? 
  the heads of states and governments . 
  for example , tusk was elected by 27 members with the opposition of poland . 
  are you sure it works better for you ? 
  as i mentioned , decisions made by the council of minister do not require a consenus like in the european council , they require like 55 % -60 % of the population . 
  that means that france ot italy have more votes than belgium or the netherlands . 
  it appears that everyone is equally represented but it 's not true . 
  also , how is a minister more representative than someone you directly elect . 
  you complain about low tornout but then you do n't even want direct elections . 
  does that make sense ? 
  ministers will still meet in secondary summits of the european council , but a senate is better for the purpose of an upper house . 
  i believe that having a european level of governance actually means we 'll gain sovereignity if it 's done in a correct way . 
  but anyway , there will still be the european council where each nation has de-facto veto power , which is not the case in the council of ministers where there is a qualified majority based on the population . 
  a senate like the one in the us will be a bigger advantage for the citizens and it will give the same number of votes to every country ( which is not the case in the current council of ministers ) . 
  what ?? 
  i 'm saying to have a directly elected senate instead of another council . 
  pretty sure the forefathers did n't die for that . 
  more or less my proposal . 
  i wonder if there 's a chance we will have this kind of reform . 
  well , the evolution of eu insitutions is clearly inspired by such systems . 
  the parliament and the council work as a bicameral legislature , altough the role to propose legislation is only up to the european commission ( but the meps often pretend that their resolutions bind the commission to propose legislation ) . 
  the european council sees himself as the collegial head of state and the commission even fought to be named government . 
  and we have to admit thag calling two/three institutions in the same way is fucked up . 
  the council of the european union is made up by the ministers . 
  the european council is the one made up by heads of state and governments . 
  names are fucked up . 
  upvote for the `` collective head of state '' . 
  man , i hate the fact that the upper house is called `` council '' just like the european council . 
  there 's also the council of europe , an extra-eu organisation . 
  sooo confusing . 
  who invented this stupid name and why the hell `` parliament '' refers ** just ** to the lower house ? 
  the names should be : european parliament : \u2606 pan-european assembly or just assembly/congress \u2606 senate ( instead of the council ) i 'd also elect the upper house cause governments are already represented in the european council ( the other council , not the upper house ) . 
  maybe we should do like in the us where each state has the same numer of representatives in the senate the commission should be reformed and re-named as the cabinet . 
  the empire, 
  why do they differ so much ? 
  anyway i do n't give so much importance to these projections . 
  every ten years there is the census and a bunch of millions of people appear out of nowhere ( another weird thing ), 
  you have two completely different systems . 
  the us president is both the head of state and government ( presidentialism ) in parliamentary systems the president is not the head of the executive , there is a prime minister/chancellor/premier for it . 
  instead of a president you have the queen , due to the fact that the uk is a monarchy . 
  i want to know how you have a tower with the eu flag next to your name . 
  please tell me !, 
  overall , italy is behind germany . 
  let 's put it the way it is : france and the uk are `` conventional '' great powers , germany is defined as an `` economic '' great power and italy is `` the least of the great powers '' . 
  and that 's the best definition for all four cause they are also described as simple middle powers . 
  italy was invited at the iran talks , berlusconi refused to join cause we were the biggest partner of iran at the time . 
  both germany and italy took part in the [ syria talks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_peace_talks_for_syria ) . 
  both italy and germany are in the g7/g20/quint . 
  the talks about ukraine were also extended to italy and the uk ( [ source1 ] ( https://www.google.it/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/04/european-leaders-urge-russia-to-maintain-syria-ceasefire ) , [ source2 ] ( https://nytimes.com/2016/07/10/world/europe/obama-at-his-final-nato-summit-meeting-acknowledges-challenges.html ) ) the real difference is with the uk and france , because they are permanent members in the un . 
  and in the economy , where germany is clearly first . 
  it 's more or less like this economy germany  uk  france  italy military france/uk  italy/germany ( italy a bit ahead ) diplomacy uk/france  germany/italy ( germany a bit ahead ), 
  well , yes and no . 
  we were excluded from the iran talks when there was one of the most stable government ( that of berlusconi ) but we were recently involved in the negotiations regarding libya , syria , and other stuff . 
  weak governments are more a cause of our slow growth cause we fail to have a coherent economic planning , but our foreign policy is always more or less the same , also because the president of the republic has a stronger role about it and he is there for seven years . 
  most of that can be said for italy too . 
  still , behind the uk . 
  that 's my opinion though . 
   what ? 
  germany did n't participate though ? 
  but it was n't able to prevent the decision of nato and the un . 
  britain or france could have done that just like they promoted the intervention . 
   yes , they are , but some more than others . 
  the uk always does what the us does , while germany and france have proven that they are able to say `` no '' . 
  this is true but see comment above . 
   so we agree . 
  we agree on that , for sure . 
   and when it comes to diplomatic influence surely germany is somewhat ahead ? 
  the germans were kinda against the war in libya , america was unsure , britain and france were in favor of it and won that argument . 
  now , that war was a mistake but that works as an example : outside of economic matters , foreign policy is more shaped by countries like the uk . 
  they have the seat in the p5 , the commonwealth etc. 
  germany does not  there is a reason people have the feeling europe is being dominated by germany sure , cause europe is driven by a politico-economic union and in this field germany dominates . 
   as soon as the uk or france invade another country and take its oil you got a point , as long as they act as a satellite of the us and ca n't even bomb shitholes in their neighbourhood , you do n't . 
  in nato ( and arguably in the whole world ) there 's just one superpower , so all atlantic militaries are shaped in a way that they are overshadowed by the us and need to follow america 's lead . 
  at least that 's true now . 
  and the fact that the uk is the country that can better help the us in military missions makes them influential in world affaires . 
  you can see it as a us atellite state , but if you do then most countries are . 
  i have to agree with u/pindar _ mc here . 
  economic power is n't everything . 
  you are missing diplomatic influence and military strength , and in both germany is behind the uk and france for the reasons mentioned above . 
  do n't wan na upset the germans , but they are basically at our level in those two fields . 
  it 's not bad , it 's just a different role . 
  but i agree with you that europe needs to be a united power . 
  the second one literally shows that germany is still ahead of britain in 2030 ... and btw both agree that all european countries will represent a lower share of the world 's economy . 
   referring to the stereotype that italians do n't really know much about anything outside of football and wine.and also partly the one that italians are incompetent ( in this case incompetent on knowledge ) did n't know about these stereotypes . 
  we italians are not that into stereotypes , we prefer to look at history and facts : this must be why we are a birthplace of the western civilisation and why we saved it from the dark ages thanks to the renaissance . 
  not bad coming from incompetent countrymen . 
  do n't even know what stereotype you are talking about . 
  you better think of yours . 
  i 'm not blaming british media for the fact that there is a spanish ship in british waters.not absolving spain either . 
  just saying it happened dozens of times and now they are using this event to add drama , sell newspapers etc. 
  tbh , british media are acting like children here .
