  what do you mean ? 
  well grillo finally proclaimed himself the political leader of the m5s so they are officially as bad as the right . 
  anyway if the referendum does not pass , no one will win because it 's impossible to win ( there is a pure proportional electoral law in the current senate ) . 
  the role of the cnel is to propose laws concerning the economy and labour to the parliament . 
  no law proposed by the cnel has passed and they proposed like 14 bills in 60 years . 
  so it 's kinda unuseful . 
  tell me about it, 
  budapest is a wonderful city but i have a feeling paris is going to win this time . 
  i do n't really like the way my mayor and the rome olimpyc commitee are basically trolling each other . 
  it 's really embarassing . 
  anyway , what scares me is that we all know that this decision has been taken by beppe grillo for political reasons and not by the actual mayor . 
  spoleir : it 's gon na be paris2024, 
  nah do n't worry . 
  it 's just that we are on reddit and i wanted to know, 
  serious quaestion : are you trolling me ? 
  yeah , it 's like having sex with a condom, 
  right-wing politics includes far-right and center-right . 
  left-wing politics includes the far-left and the centre-left . 
  that 's how i 've always seen it . 
  that 's basically what i said ... it 's about the relationship with equality ... `` conservative '' is about conserving the social structure as it is ... `` progressive '' is about reducing inequality ... etc. 
  political spectrum . 
  it 's about the relationship with social equality . 
  right-wing far-right = reactionaries ( they want things back as they were : example fascists ) ; centre-right = conservatives ( want to mantain things as they are : conservative liberals or christian democrats ) ; centre moderates ( they are nor progressives nor conservative : classic liberals ) ; left-wing centre-left = progressives ( want a progressive change : social liberals/social democrats ) ; far-left = revolutionaries ( want a radical change , equality of outcome : communists ) ;, 
  what do you mean with a `` right-wing party '' ? 
  a centre-right party and a far-right party are both right-wing parties just like a far left party and a centre-left party are both left-wing parties . 
  they 're just very different and there 's probably more hate between a social liberal and a communist than between a communist and a conservative but that does n't change the fact that they 're both left , just a very different kind of it . 
  same for the right . 
  you ca n't find a perfect balanced right-wing party with no degree whatsoever of centrism or `` extremisism '' . 
  oh so that man is baglioni . 
  but i thought andrea bocelli was the most successful music artist in recent times in italy . 
  oh god, 
  no , this is sparta, 
  what does that mean ? 
  great passion for europe in general.wanted a constitution for europe . 
  2 ) refused to sign one berlusconi 's law regarding media and another one regarding justice . 
  3 ) gave a pardon to the attacker of john paul ii , after request of the pope . 
  i thinke we should abolish the president of the european council and have back the rotating presidency for that role . 
  at that point we can make the eu council a `` collegial head of state '' and transform the commission in a political cabinet/government . 
  and i 'd replace the council of ministers with a proper elected senate where all members have equal numbers of mps . 
  who knows ? 
  and milan?it 's the richest and biggest metropolitan area in italy, 
  there are two large groups of italians : group a ) `` we are the best country in the world , except for politicians that ruin my city , my region , my life etc '' ; group b ) `` we are the worst country in the world , because of politicians that ruin my city , my region , my life etc '', 
  grillo is way ahead of all of them ... i mean , he literally says to his opponents `` fuck you , dick , shit , idiot '' ... i mean , c'mon ... imagine trump saying on a stage `` hey crooked hillary ... fuck you !, 
  you are a piece of shit , you idiot !, 
  it does change . 
  being a founding member basically means that italy `` joined '' the eu where there were no criteria . 
  the criteria were detetermined later by germany , france , italy and the benelux.so you have your answer : the double standards are there since the very beginning . 
  it is n't only about italy though . 
  for example juncker said to turkey `` hey , you were a dictatorship like 20 years ago , you have to wait '' . 
  now , i 'm against turkey joining but this argument is weak and influenced by double standards : were n't germany and italy dictatorships 20 years before the treaty of rome?yes they were . 
  now , maybe juncker should have said to erodgan that he is a sort of dictator and that there are geopolitical/cultural reasons why turkey ca n't join . 
  but he did n't . 
  and he never will . 
  it 's all about politics , the criteria are just a way to hide the true political reasons . 
  altough brexit still has to happen too, 
  `` operation hippocrates '' is the name of the mission . 
  italy is to set up a military field hospital at misrata airport . 
  it will feature 60 doctors and nurses , 135 logistics personnel and 100 ` protection force troops ' . 
  there 's also going to be a military transport aircraft and a ship for eventual evacuations . 
  well they are free to sue charlie hebdo but i have a feeling they are going to lose . 
  everyone finds its city too pricey . 
  so i think we can assume that he has failed to prevent it xd, 
  universe, 
  world, 
  europe, 
  i 'm not denying anything man . 
  you are the one claiming there is a sort of media conspirancy against raggi ... the five stars movement is doing this mess on his own . 
  did five or six of the members of the government of rome resigned in a couple of days ? 
  yes . 
  were two of them investigated ? 
  yes . 
  did they lie about it ? 
  yes . 
  does it look like the whole city is governed by grillo , instead of raggi ? 
  oh yes !, 
  these are facts : it 's not only rai talking about it . 
  skytg24 and la7 are private networks and they are talking about it as well . 
  the berlusconi 's networks , that kinda supported raggi at the second round of the elections ( and were against the center-left candidate since the beginning ) , are talking about it as well . 
  and the former mayors of rome were also attacked by the media . 
  so do n't tell me it 's the responsibility of the media . 
  it 's raggi ( or better grillo ) that is governing ... so it 's their responsibility . 
  it was born as sort of eu initiative ( even though the big players ended up being the us and russia ) . 
  the group was officially known as eu3 +3 and it was co-hosted by the eu high representative and the iranian foreign minister . 
  so it was definetely part of the eu agenda and an eu matter ( not an intra-matter but still a matter ), 
  the uk was not there for political integration , as i said . 
  what about the iran negotiations , for example ? 
  i agree with that . 
  and it 's gon na be interesting what kind of military union the frenchmen want to build and how far they want to go . 
  france is going to receive even more pressure than before from the rest of the eu cause it has way more `` privilges '' now.it ' not just about the parliament in strasbourg and the status of the french language . 
  france is now unique in the eu in having nuclear deterrence on his own and a unsc permanent seat . 
  maybe we should start thinking of some role for the eu in the unsc just like the eu is represented in the g7/8 for example where only some germany , france and italy are present but the other nations are also represented through the commission . 
  maybe we can imagine to ask the un to have the high representative of the eu as a permanent guest at every unsc summit since france is always part of it . 
  really ? 
  not me and not the people i know . 
  maybe my grandmother says things like that . 
  `` [ he lacks ] realisation that the time of the [ british colonial ] mandate will not come back . '' i thought the colonial mandate of syria was under french control ... 
  i consider them a mix of right-wing populists and left wing populists . 
  but their group in the eu parliament is far right though.and grillo is a far-right populist to me . 
  i 'm from rome too ... but c'mon mafia and media have nothing to do with this . 
  the 5 stars movement lied about their members being investigated and it 's such a chaos i do n't know who is governing the city now ... they are talking about the olympics so we can talk about something else and change the debate .
