   the mediterranean ? 
  my previous comment your previous comment shows that you can put spain in the same league as the other countries you mentioned . 
  it 's debatable but it 's possibile . 
  there are tusk and juncker . 
  it was invited at the financial ministers ' summit . 
  this map is about the summit of the leaders in hamburg . 
  maybe they 'll get a spot last minute , but to my knowledge they have not been invited for now . 
  the host country usually can invite two countries other than permanent guests . 
  probably , giving that tusk is there merkel has chosen to invite the norwegians . 
  this is the whole story basically the list was made by the canadians and americans when they felt that the g7 needed an expansion , cause global power was shifting from europe to the rest of the world . 
  so they started form the g7/g8 and included other regional powers from other regions ( latin america , asia , middle east , africa ) . 
  the g7 did n't include spain cause it was formed in 1975 . 
  the original members of the g7/g8 were six : the us , france and the uk decided to invite germany , japan and italy , the former axis powers which were experiencing an economic miracle since they lost the war . 
  spain was a still under a fascist regime at the time , so they were n't considered for a spot . 
  zapatero ( spain 's pm when the g20 was formed ) asked for a seat in 2009 for the g8 and in 2011 for the g20 but he got rejected . 
  italy and france , that organised respectively the g8 in 2009 and the g20 in 2011 , accepted it as a guest along with the netherlands . 
  now , why did they rejecte spain ? 
  obviously because the other nations do n't want too much europeans at the table . 
  i think it 's also because the very eu members part of the g20 do n't want too much europeans at the table . 
  spain is not a founding member of the eu , contrary to germany ( that represents northern europe ) , france ( a bridge between northern and southern europe ) and italy ( represents southern europe ) . 
  if you have spain you 'll have another eu member and that would break this balance . 
  that 's a theory though . 
  but since 2011 , spain has always been invited at the g20 as a guest and hence the title of `` permanent guest '' . 
  the netherlands also had a similar role for the first years , and now there are other countries asking for this kind of semi-membership including poland.there are also other permanent guests , like the african union . 
  ** just do it ** dooooo iiiit #do it, 
  i used to think like you but it 's more complicated than that . 
  the european council , as a whole , acts as a sort of a collegial head of state , while the commission acts as sort of government/cabinet . 
  the commission think of itself as the main political force like in a parliamentary system , while the heads of governments consider the eu more like a sort of semipresidential system where the eu council leads the bloc . 
  so it 's not clear who has more title to say `` i represent the eu '' , if it 's juncker or tusk and there are clashes over that . 
  this also led to the inclusion of the `` high representative '' in both the commission and the european council , so she/he can better act as a foreign minister of the eu . 
  the nordic union would be a powerhouse but it 's hard to see a change in such groups . 
  the g7 is basically the same since 1975 . 
  the populations of germany and italy are somehow stable because of migrants . 
  that of france is rising . 
  but that 's not even the point . 
  how do you make a change ? 
  you need the g20 to agree . 
  every country can veto the conclusions of a summit . 
  so far only russia has been suspended from such a group ( the g8 , ) but in reality it was the other seven nations that decided to leave that format ( g7 and g8 are two different things ) . 
  so the only chance is that the g20 agrees to add a member . 
  but no one wants to share power . 
  look at the unsc reform , they ca n't find an agreement since 40 years . 
  a realistic scenario is that a nordic union would become a permanent guest , like spain and the african union . 
  no it 's not . 
  look at the numbers . 
  switzerland , the netherlands , spain , and sweden are above south africa and argentina but they are n't members . 
  and you 'll never kick out a country even if it becomes the 50th economy cause every member has basically veto . 
  it 's a concert of powers . 
  at the very beginning they discussed only economic affaires but now there also foreign ministers ' meetings , defence ministers ' meetings etc. 
  it 's politics . 
  well , size of the economy , population , military power . 
  also , it 's there to represent the islamic world along with saudi arabia and indonesia . 
  i 'm guessing though . 
  see it as a one of the old concert of powers . 
  if it was based purely on the size of the gdp you should include spain and the netherlands and exclude south africa and argentina . 
  but then you 'll have too many europeans and no african member . 
  relevant username, 
  draghi is already at the table when bank governors meet . 
  it 's just weird that at the final summit the eu sends two political leaders instead of one . 
  this is a problem we have since the position of the president of the european council was created . 
  i think it was hollande that proposed to merge the two roles . 
  germany has decided to invite norway and the netherlands . 
  and spain , which is a permanent guest . 
  the eu will be represented by both juncker and tusk , which could be a problem imho . 
  we should send one leader , since the rest of the world already complains that europe is over-represented . 
  i 'd say he wanted to become pm , he realised he could n't and so he took the second most important position . 
  our resistance rescued us from fascism . 
  the uk just did its job in a war . 
  i almost threw up when i saw your comment, 
  yeah . 
  he said the pen he used is the one used by luxembourg in 1957 . 
  he 's at 76:30 after tusk . 
  dunno why but i find that scene fucking hilarious . 
  edit : [ another weird moment ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=qf92naxtdzo ), 
  did you watch the scene ? 
  it was fucking hilaarious . 
   italy , greece : grow up , will you ? 
  italy was even worst four or five years ago ( like 75th or something ) . 
  we lost 5 positions last year though . 
  scandals , people arrested , people invistigated . 
  just like before . 
  rome is huge and hard to govern . 
  i have nothing against her personally . 
  what fucking scares me is that beppe grillo seems to be in charge . 
  every time something happens she says `` do n't worry , i told it to beppe '' . 
  source : me , a roman . 
  well , rome never left the * old world * but its culture is what all the european colonial empires had in common . 
  if you look at the spread of the latin script , law , christianity , the calendar , the names of the planets , republicanism etc. 
  all of that is , directly or indirectly , a legacy of the roman empire . 
   it 's amazing to see how much influence ~ ~ britain ~ ~ rome has had on the course of human civilisation when you see maps like this ftfy, 
  the five star movement is a freaking religious sect to me , grillo ( authoritarian as fuck ) takes the worst of the far-right and the the worst of the far-left and manages to mix it together . 
  and these people will be the first political force in 2018 if the center-lef is n't able to go to the elections as a united coalition . 
  in that case they may be able to form a governmemt thanks to support from the northern league and other smaller euroskeptic forces ( altough they say they wo n't form any kind of alliance , but i do n't believe them since they already allied with farage in the ep ) . 
  lovely . 
  i do n't know why you people are so rude when you have to accept facts . 
  our debt is absoulutely comparable to the debt of japan , except that it 's smaller . 
  not talking about the whole economy , of course japan has much more people employed for example . 
  i 'm talking specifically about the debt . 
  all factors i mentioned before are the same in japan and italy and they are the reasons why a ) japan will not go bankrupt , b ) italy never went bankrupt in its history and c ) italy is not about to collapse . 
  banks are a problem nearly everywhere after the crisis , including e.g.
