  of course le pen is the worst choice . 
  more like a return to the dark ages , but hey . . great fun . 
  now it 's your turn . 
  that of russia fuckin scares me ... 
  edit : leo xiii , my fault, 
  she is just 38 years younger than italy itself . 
  we had the second king of the monarchy when she was born and this man was our prime minister back then . . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/luigi_pelloux 20 us presidents ( from mckinley to trump ) and 11 popes ( from leo xiii to pope francis ) . 
  we have had 63 governments in 70 years . 
  in the first republic , 1946-1994 , that 's because there was a pure proportional law and the political party in power ( the christian democracy ) decided to separate the roles of prime minister and secretary of the party . 
  in the second republuc , 1994-now , that 's because we often ended up with two different majorities : one in the chamber and one in the senate ( this happened clearly in 2006 and 2013 , and to a relevant degree in 1994 and 1996 ) in italy , a government needs the support of both houses to remain in life . 
  the chamber is elected on a national basis ( you can vote if you are 18 ) the senate is elected on a regional basis ( you can vote if you are 25 ) the system was designed by the christian democrats and the communists in 1946-1948 : both parties were afraid of the risk that the other force was able to win the elections . 
  the senate also used to be elected for 6 years ( this was reformed in the 50s ) while the chamber is elected for 5 years . 
  we are about to vote a constitutional reform on sunday , which is also about removing the power of the senate to veto or vote a motion of no confidence against a government . 
  and , at the moment , the senate has a pure proportional law while the chamber has a two-round system . 
  `` no '' is ahead in the polls , though , and if it wins renzi will resign and we 'll add a new pm to this image . 
  exactly , she is actually voting against what she wants . 
  the man is somehow right because we recently approved civil unions , but the majority of the lower house had to reach a compromise with the majority of the senate and removed adoption rights . 
  but the girl is wrong , ok renzi will resign if no wins but both a yes and a no lead to the necessity to change the electoral law of the senate ( and that of the chamber too , probably ) . 
  so there will be a government even if no wins , some sort of grand coalition maybe . 
  she votes no cause `` renzi go home '' . 
  he votes yes so gay couples will adopt i mean , ok , but i thought we were talking about a specific reform . 
  for a catholic , the pope is the successor of peter who was appointed by jesus as leader of the church : so he is the vicar of christ and he has the power over the rules of the church : this law regarding abortion is n't really a fundamental dogma . 
  the pope ca n't amend the bible or change `` holy traditions , the reformation happened cause secular leaders wanted to control religious affaires in their own countries . 
  thank you . 
  she sounds crazy . 
  what 's her plan regarding the eu ? 
  does she actually want to leave or is it just anti-bruxelles rethoric ? 
  does le pen want to repell that ? 
  yeah , the left is in great trouble everywhere ... my personal point of view is that this is bad . 
  `` populist '' movements are gaining ground at the expense of traditional left-wing parties , and changing the system in nationalism vs globalism , instead of centre-right vs centre-left . 
  spain : the right is in power poland : the right is in power ( pis is a right-wing party , right ? ), 
  germany : it 's gon na be led by merkel in 2017 again . 
  italy : renzi risks to fall for this referendum france : looks like fillon is going to be president uk : conservatives are in power and i doubt corbyn will win in the next elections us : total republican rule, 
  a ) they are not tied together in the sense that the electoral law is already into effect , it 's not in the referendum . 
  it may change if yes wins , it may not change if no wins ... who knows . 
  b ) it 's not an immunity from prosecution . 
  senators can be prosecuted just like every citizen c ) law-decrees should be used only in case of emergency and necessity , so emergency decrees is kinda a correct term . 
  the reform does not give the power to the government to force the parliament to vote on a bill in 70 days . 
  it 's the parliament that decides wheter to vote a government 's bill in 70 days or not . 
  and even if the parliament decides to vote the bill in 70 days , it 's completely different from a law-decree ( which is already into efffect at least for 60 days , no matter what ) because the parliament can still reject it . 
  so it strengthens the parliament . 
  55-45 for no is the most recent poll . 
  it 's an `` illegal '' poll btw , cause we ca n't have it in the weeks of the referendum . 
  it says that cardinal norbert will become pope instead of cardinal simplicio in the conclave of the 4th of december ( lol ) . . it 's a scientific poll though . 
  a ) labour market has been reformed . 
  i do n't know what more we have to do ... b ) the banks are reported on the verge of collapse since years , and yet they are still there ... it 's becoming a sort of weird game to predict the apocalypse of our system . 
  c ) true that , the debt is big . 
  but the default is unlikely . 
  d ) the economist says that the problem of italy is its unwillignes to reform ... so vote no to a reform aimed at create more stable governments and reforms easier to do ( like whaaat ? ), 
  e ) berlusconi became pm without this reform . 
  mussolini became dictator because of unstable governments that weren `` t able to deal with difficult years . 
  weak democracy leads to dictatorship . 
  f ) the economist keeps confusing the electoral law with the constitutional reform g ) the senate is elected , okay it 's a strange type of elections but it 's an election . 
  just a different one , cause the new seante has to represent the regions . 
  citizens will indicate which regional councillor should be senator , and their respective regional council will ratify that decision h ) senators have no immunity from prosecution . 
  i ) yeah we pass more laws than other countries . 
  and that 's because all of our laws are made by governments that keep change . 
  in fact , the legislative power is in the hands of the government that uses `` emergency decrees '' to pass laws , cause the italian parliament just ca n't do it with two different majorities with the same powers . 
  shitty situation ( with the current system ) . 
  the reform will actually strengthen the parliament . 
  the government will only be more stable , not with new powers . 
  l ) oh yeah , a new technocratic government ... that will avoid grillo and not strengthen him , for sure ... #believethat, 
  grillo ha diffamato pure rita levi montalcini , e non sa distinguire tra persone perbene e disonesti . 
  i can see it . 
  but no one won the elections in 2013 cause we are in a system with three major blocs . 
  so what do we do ? 
  a ) we keep going to elections just for fun b ) we do some sort of institutional reforms so we can have a winner you ca n't criticize renzi for the way he took power and at the same time say no to his reforms cause he is `` unelected '' . 
  if we want pms `` elected '' we shoud find an `` unelected '' government that does this kind of reforms . 
  otherwise it 's a neverending contradiction until we go back to two blocs instead of three . 
  no i do n't mean the car accident . 
  a lot of stuff , just google it . 
  that 's how it works in parliamentary systems, 
  wait a second , if yes wins we have just one majority ( that in the lower chamber ) needed to form the goverment . 
  that is also true in countries with proportional systems like germany . 
  the electoral law is not part of the referendum . 
  it could change if yes wins or remain if no wins , who knows . 
  and even with that electoral law i 'm not sure governments will last for five years , but at least we should avoid to have a government depending on two different majorities . 
  it 's especially bad for the parliament , because it forces the government to do everything with `` emergency decrees '' instead of having normal laws passed by the parliament . 
  you got ta be kidding me ... he is a tax evasor with some serious problems with justice ... that is just his propaganda, 
  that article is complete bullshit : it 's full of inaccuracies and contradictions . 
  i have no time to answer to every idiotic statement in there . 
  just read the comments to the article and you 'll see . 
  all clown governments of the last 40 years are supporting a no , i wonder why ... a no is just going to end a phase of reforms and make new ones harder to do . 
  so i do n't see your point ... 
  2017 is going to be the end of this identity crisis for the netherlands . 
  pes and alde are federalists but wiki sonetimes says federalists and sometimes pro-eu, 
  five stars are both pro-eu and anti-eu . 
  they are also both pro-immigration and anti-immigration , pro-lgbt rights but not really etc. 
  in this way they are able to be voted by everyone . 
  they say they are no left nor right , but they are actually both a left-wing populist party and a right-wing populist party . 
  i 'd say they are a mix of trump and jill stein . 
  if the democratic party is there , forza italia and m5s should be there too . 
  absolutely . 
  right ... but if he wins the referendum , 2017 will be fun, 
  only when you are there, 
  you wipe your royal ass/s, 
  you ca n't use that language now, 
  #jesuissicily edit : fuck this shit , i ca n't do the hashtag edit2 : i just pasted what you wrote . 
  it does n't work, 
  is that a centralization though ?
