  ask a german , a frenchman or an austrian how the senate is elected and if it can vote a motion of no confidence against the governmemt . 
  our senators will be mayors or regional representatives so they are elected . 
  the new senate will be an assembly representing the regions and it will not have the power to overthrow a governmemt , so it 's clearly going to be something different . 
  btw the senators will probably be directly elected in the end cause the reform makes possible to have an electoral law for the senate ( so they are not nominated , that is bullshit : it ` either a `` de facto '' direct election or an indirect election of people already direct elected ), 
  if no wins , the senate will still vote the government and it has a pure proportional law , so no one will have a majority , that 's why i said it . 
  if no wins , it 's more likely that no one wins the next elections . 
  we civil unions since some months and a priest ( or something ) said the earthquake was the consequence of that : /, 
  only the uk ? 
  not when he is drunk, 
  * president but i was wondering ... what if the front national gets the majority in the assembly ... is it possible to have a juppe/le pen cohabitation ? 
  i 'm not not going to say that juncker is wrong and renzi is right ... but ... you ca n't say we should spend 2.2 % instead of 2.4 % '' `` cause the earthquake and migration are worth 0.1 % '' '' . 
  i mean , even if you are right , that 's such a technocratic thing to say . 
  you are going to sound like someone with no soul . 
  that 's not that smart to say . 
  i thought juncker was a politician . 
  renzi has a constitutional referendum on the 4th of december and pretty much everyone is against him , hard times . 
  la7 polls have always overstimated the five star movement . 
  other polls say the five star movement fell way behind because of the way they are governin rome . 
  but everything depends on the electoral law of the chamber of deputies and on the reform of the senate . 
  basically the chamber has a two-round system that favours the m5s but the senate has a pure proportional law that favors the democrats and renzi . 
  if the referendum passes , the senate will not vote the government and will not give the confidence to it . 
  it 's a like an abolition of his powers related to the government . 
  so only the chamber , elected with the two-round system ( which favors m5s ) , will vote the government . 
  but you have also to consider that renzi is going to resign if he loses the referendum the 4th of december . 
  we have elections in 2018 ... there are two scenarios : a ) if the referendum passes , the m5s has a huge change to lead this country in 2018 . 
  but you have also to consider that a victory of renzi in the referendum is going to increase the popular appeal of his party in the immediate `` aftershock '' ... so he can use this period to go to early elections in 2017 and win ( maybe with some changes to the electoral law of the chamber ) b ) the referendum does not pass ( renzi resigns ) and the electoral law remains as it is : at that point the democrats have to find a pm to lead the country til 2018 . 
  so m5s is going to take the chamber but pd could take the senate in 2018 ( or more probably : no one takes the senate ) . 
  so we go to a political deadlock . 
  even if pd changes the electoral law , it is going to change it in a way the five star movent is not able to form a government ( remember : the m5s does nor form alliances with anyone ) . 
  ironically the five star movemnt has to support a no in the referendum ( even if it the reform favors them if the current electoral law of the chamber remains ) and the democrats have to support a yes ( even if it will not favor them if the current electoral law remains ) . 
  i 'll vote yes for the stability of this country , hoping that we are not that dumb to put grillo in power . 
  uhm no liberals are centrists . 
  but you can find social liberals in the centre-left and conservative liberals in the center-right . 
  there are n't italians in benghazi ( apart from few workers , i guess ) . 
  as far as i know there are 200/300 italian troops in misrata to provide humanitarian aid , it 's called operation hippocrates . 
  france is officially supporting serraj and unofficially supporting haftar . 
  i 'm trying to understand what 's the french interest in having a civil war in libya . 
  this is the moment a crack opens on the mountainside . 
  here 's the damage caused to the mountain : https://youtube.com/watch?v=nrbtbhhvdrk, 
  you'are welcome . 
  i have found the video http://video.repubblica.it/dossier/terremoto-30-ottobre/ussita-la-montagna-squarciata-dal-sisma/257415/257681, 
  it is reported as a crack by repubblica , skytg24 and others . 
  it 's an image that it 's circulating , it 's not my invention . 
  just a couple of earthquakes, 
  i hope it happened in one of the areas evacuated . 
  hope . 
  roman here too , i live at the last floor of a palace . 
  i felt it for like 35-40 seconds ... that was so strong , everything shaked including doors . 
  yeah ,, 
  i 've read the whole reform . . of course it 's not perfect but it 's a huge step towards a stable , modern and more efficient political system . 
  so i 'll vote yes . 
  btw pasquino is kinda of an idiot on twitter . 
  i 've asked him something on the reform and he answered me `` just buy my book about it '' . 
  yeah . 
  sure . 
  there are major mistakes btw , the ratification of international treaties and the most important eu policies are not going to remain bicameral laws with the reform . 
  he says that the problem of italy is that laws are not implented . 
  well , he forgets to say that a new role of the new senate will be to control if laws are implemented . 
  he actually can . 
  a commissioner must resign if asked to do so by the president of the commission . 
  like `` ni '' in italian, 
  it 's limited but the president of france has a suspensive veto . 
  and obama ca n't dissolve the parliament , hollande can . 
  when the president has the majority of the assembly is with him , he could be a kind of a god effectively controlling both the executive and the legislative power with no higher political authority . 
  no he is right . 
  my professor of constitutional law likes to say that the semi-presidental republic is in fact a `` super-presidential republic '' when there is no co-habitation . 
  i think we should completely change our structure first . 
  now we have : \u25cf european parliament ( it 's a sort of lower house , two different locations , one in brussels and one in strasbourg : what a waste of money . 
  elected with degressive proportionality ) \u25cf council ( it 's a sort of upper house . 
  here bigger states have too much power . ), 
  \u25cf european council ( works only with consensus , here smaller states have too much power because everyone can veto everything . ), 
  \u25cf commission ( too burocracy , people do n't feel it 's democratic . ), 
  every single institution has a president . 
  too much presidents really . 
  what we should have imho : \u25cf a bicameral parliament consisting of : an assembly in brussels where each state has a number of meps simply related to its population ; a senate in strasbourg where each state has the same number of meps . 
  houses ' speakers should rotate among the meps \u25cf a political cabinet/commission named by an electoral college , this one elected with degressive proportionality ( stronger than the one we have now for the parliament ... in a way that smaller states are not underepresented ) . 
  this should be the only institution with a president . 
  candidates for a job as commissioner must manifest themselves when we vote for the college . 
  \u25cf just one council working as a collegial head of state . 
  presidency should rotate every three months between member states . 
  then we can choose between : a ) something similar to a presidential republic where we give most powers to the cabinet and its president b ) semi-presidential republic : we give most powers to the council ( this is probably the easiest thing to do ) and a smaller role to the cabinet/commission c ) parliamentary republic : we give most powers to the parliament . 
  right now our system is too weird to even choose . 
  i am taking a look at the section power . 
  total mess imho, 
  \u25cf 11 : new zealand \u25cf 12 : austria \u25cf 13 : italia fuck yeah btw total bullshit . 
  where 's norway ? 
  where 's finland ? 
  where 's switzerland ? 
  the red cross is not one of the fighting sides in the syrian civil war . 
  i 'm not defending putin , i do n't want to end up helping someone worst than him . 
  i do n't if i can take a couple of years of this, 
  there 's no one . 
  that 's the problem . 
  please define `` civic partecipation '' and why libya ( a failed state for now ) ranks so high . 
  `` jihadism '' is not a good answer . 
  i said `` it 's also about method '' . 
  but of course it is about our relationship with russia . 
  if europe has to damage its trade with russia i want to do it in favor of a political side that we support , so we can influence things in order to avoide more chaos . 
  i can see who 's our ally in ukraine and why it 's asking for sanctions . 
  i ca n't see who is `` the good guy '' or at least `` our guy '' in the siryan situation .
