  germany , and they tend to own a lot of the public debt pretty much everywhere . 
  that 's not really a point : we hear that `` omg italy 's banks are about to collapse this year , the euro is doomed '' since a decade and this disaster did n't happen . 
  not saying our financial sector is free of problems , but if italy was about to collapse then we would have collapsed all together due to the size of the economy . 
  do n't you think ? 
  and you 'd be in a shitty situation too . 
  so this discussion ends here for me . 
  we have different views of the situation . 
   in what way is an ever increasing debt with a stagnating income sustainable ? 
  i told you why is sustainable : it 's mostly in the hands of nationals , we have no deficit if you do n't take into account interest rates ( so we have what 's called a primary surplus ) , we have a private wealth three or four times larger than our public debt . 
  that 's why the debt of japan is also susteinable for example ( even if it 's way more than our 133 % ) , it has nothing to do with what currency you have . 
  if the italian economy was n't susteinable , the whole eu would have gone bankrupt four or five years ago . 
  he 's the only one able to win , provide a change and mantain france in the eu . 
  i 'd be happy with hamon too , but i 'm just being realistic . 
  he is certainly better than le pen and fillon . 
  let 's put it that way . 
  pretty sure the pes has decided they want that job to be given to someone else to change policies ( dijsselbloem hismelf is from that party ) . this looks like a coordinated reaction to a stupid remark . 
  good . 
  hope macron wins and forms a left-wing coalition in france . 
  i also hope schulz becomes chancellor . 
  italy 's democratic party has also proposed primary elections to choose the next candidate for the president of the european commission ( timmersman may do a good job in that role imho ) finally something is moving . 
  man , i just had lunch a couple of hours ago . 
  uhm yeah growth is a problem ( altough is at 0,9 % or 1 % ) but if you have a low growth it 's harder to reduce the deficit.so i do n't see how this proves your point . 
  our debt is susteinable , most of it is in italians ' hands and so far it has not been a problem for the eu : in fact we are still a net contributor and italy never took money from the eurogroup or the imf, 
  2,1 % is the average ? 
  that 's more or less italy 's deficit . 
  it 's a ) an englishman realizing that britain disappeared from the map b ) someone under the influence of drugs . 
  impressive, 
  he is stupid . 
  in case of paywall the head of the eurozone 's finance ministers has been criticised for stating that southern european countries blew their money on `` drinks and women '' . 
  jeroen dijsselbloem , the dutch finance minister who leads the group , made the comments in an interview on monday with german newspaper frankfurter allgemeine zeitung ( faz ) . 
  `` during the crisis of the euro , the countries of the north have shown solidarity with countries affected by the crisis , '' he said . 
  `` as a social democrat , i attribute exceptional importance to solidarity . 
  `` but you also have obligations . 
  `` you can not spend all the money on drinks and women and then ask for help . '' inside the european parliament , meps turned on mr dijsselbloem on tuesday , calling his remarks `` insulting '' and `` vulgar '' . 
  gabriel mato , a spanish mep , said the remarks were `` absolutely unacceptable '' and an `` insult '' to southern member states -- claiming he had lost his neutrality as finance chief . 
  ernest urtasun , another spanish mep , said : `` maybe this is funny for you , but i do n't think it is . 
  i would like to know if this is your first statement as a candidate to renew your post as president of the eurogroup . '' mr dijsselbloem 's term ends next year , and he is believed to be considering running for re-election . 
  he attempted to brush off the criticism , telling the meps : `` do n't be offended . '' he continued : `` it is not about one country , but about all our countries . '' he then attempted to dig himself out of the hole by saying all countries had failed to uphold the financial rules set by the eu . 
  `` the netherlands also failed a number of years ago to comply with what was agreed , '' he said . 
  `` i do n't see a conflict between regions of the eurogroup . '', 
  true story, 
  imho the 2 % goal is not that important . 
  you can spend a lot of money and contribute zero to nato in terms of troops and financement , or you can spend less and contribute more . 
  so we may agree that what gabriel said is kinda true , but spending a lot is not even a good measure of military power . 
  saudi arabia spends more than the uk and france , but i doubt they have a better military . 
  what matters today is not the number of troops nor how much money do you spend . 
  what matters today is how much of your military power you can project . 
  that works as a deterrent and makes you a global actor in security affaires . 
  my idea is that we , as the eu , should share our power projection capabilities so that we can have a strong deterrence to our potential enemies and a bigger role in international affaires . 
  if that 's what we want to do with more spending , than i agree with more spending . 
  but we can also begin to do that with our current forces . 
  croatia , man . 
  man , plan b is bad . 
  is melenchon anti-euro ? 
  obama ? 
  i 'm more in favour of electing the entire commission as a block . 
  for example you vote for a `` juncker commission '' or a `` schulz commission '' . 
  this will solve the problem of having perpetual grand coalitions and it will also be easier to make campaigns in every country ( since each country must have one commissioner : for example a german wo n't automatically choose the german schulz cause there will also be a german candidate in the proposed `` juncker commission '' ) . 
  but i do n't know if this will happen , the eu commission resembles a sort of government in parliamentary systems , where the pm and the ministers are not elected . 
  also you need to reform the treaties to do something like that . 
  the european socialist party may make primary elections to choose their next candidate as president of the european commission . 
  italy 's democratic party recently proposed this . 
  this can happen without changing the treaties . 
  well , i agree . 
  some journalists are probably too lazy to look at who is a member and who is not . 
  cause the g20 has been made in a way that every region is represented . 
  you should include the netherlands and spain and exclude south africa and argentina ... but in that case africa and south america will be under-represented ( and the eu over-represented ) . 
  it 's not really about the economy , it 's more about politics . 
  you are right , cause these are 2016 data for un peacekeeping . 
  portugal has sent a lot troops in mali since some months and eu peace keeping is not counted . 
  you are right . 
  these are 2016 data . 
  portugal has sent a lot troops in mali since some months . 
  it 's a single person, 
  you do the math :d, 
  zero peacekeepers apparently . 
  same for malta . 
  i like yellow, 
  [ i ca n't believe i forgot cyprus ( 2 ) and denmark ( 75 ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_number_of_un_peacekeepers ) . 
  my fault . 
   in the north , it is mostly nationalist righ-wing movements with racist undertones . 
  in the south it 's mostly left wing movements are you sure ? 
  italy : northern league is right-wing . 
  m5s is both alt-right and far-left . 
  grillo is more like authoritarian right to me . 
  the third eurosceptic party ( brothers of italy ) is right-wing . 
  spain?not sure if there 's an anti-euro party . 
  if podemos is euroskeptic , than that 's true for spain . 
  greece ? 
  golden dawn is far right . 
  france ? 
  le pen is right-wing, 
  the northern league used to promote the independence of the so-called [ padania ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/padania ) , basically all of northern italy , including veneto . 
  veneto is also one of the two regions governed by the northern league ( the other being lombardy ) . 
   however , his campaign has shifted from being racist towards the southern italians to being rabidly anti islam , anti immigrants and anti eu this . 
  for them bruxelles is the new rome , and immigrants are the new southeners . 
  they just changed the `` enemy '' , not the way they campaign . 
  i 'm italian and i know , man . 
  i know, 
  still the uk is leaving and it was a net contributor .
