  i think that a regime change in venezuale is more likely given the oil price . 
  how is the venezuelan economy now ? 
  i have enough of this kind of scaremongering articles . 
  the italian banking system is not worst nor better than that of the rest of the eu . 
  and we have already said that the problem of italy is not the euro and that italy is not a problem for europe , it increases europe 's influence . 
  if you want a list of italy 's historic problems , i can give you that list . 
  it includes the north-south divide , taxation , bureaucracy , mafia , tax evasion etc. . and the banking system is not on that list . 
  banks are on the list of europe 's problems , and not even that high . 
  forging an agreement is dialogue . 
  the germans are for dialogue with russia just like us . 
  they are just better at faking . 
  anyway , if it 's necessary to have troops in eastern europe ( and i tgink it 's the case ) , i 'm all for having eu troops instead of mamma america . 
  i think you guys created that name, 
  i meant lack of reforms and lack of fiscal stimulus during berlusconi 's years . 
  despite being the fourth economy , we have been the third contributor to these programs ( cause bitain did not take part in them ) and largely ahead of the fifth economy ( if you consider that spain also received money for its banks ) . 
  all of this without asking for a single extra euro . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  same for the italian banking system . 
  that 's what i was talking about, 
  we actually paid more than most eu states for the bailout of greece , ireland and spanish banks . 
  so we are the most stupid country apparently . 
  i 'm all for supporting greece . 
  blind austerity simply did not work . 
  sparkassen are german public banks http://uk.businessinsider.com/7-german-banks-are-still-a-mess-2015-1?r=us&amp;ir=t, 
  wan na talk about the german banking system and sparkassen ? 
  the whole european banking system has some problems . 
  btw it 's becoming weird . 
  we have both articles praising italy 's political influence and others saying `` italy ( and the eu ) is on the verge of collapse !! '', 
  seriously though , the problem of italy is not the euro , not the debt ( altought it 's a long term problem ) and not the banking system ( believe it or not , it has always been solid and we never used public money to save banks except for a case ) . 
  it 's the lack of growth that we have experienced . 
  if we had a meaningful economic growth in the last 10 years you 'll see a much better situation now . 
  we have to understand if this is a true recovery or just a stagnation . 
  and then of course we need more investments . 
  i actually think that all of europe needs more investments , but the juncker plan is n't a true thing . 
  is it ? 
  i hope it is . 
  i see our government trying to do what it can in changing european policies and in reforming the country . 
  and then of course we have the north-south divide . 
  and here i think that the government is doing little . 
  italy is certainly not a problem for europe . 
  it increases europe 's influence being a founding member , a net contirbutor , a g8 nation etc. 
  i do not know how much times i have to say this . 
  you probably mentioned the dumbest german/finnish/slovakian proposal ever : a nation can not kick another country out of the eurozone . 
  it was also quite aggressive to propose such as a solution . 
  anyway merkel acts like she is in charge of the eu ... this makes tsipras likeable to a lot of people . 
  2 ) you crititicized the social-democratic ideology . 
  but it was the right wing to cover up the extent of its massive budget deficit before 2009 . 
  what country is n't insignificant next to america ? 
  only china , i think . 
  switzerland disapproves, 
  the current eu is the result of a compromise between people like me that want `` more europe '' and people that want the eu to be just an economic bloc . 
  at this point the only viable solution is a multi-speed europe . 
  ouch, 
  favourite photo i have found on flickr https://www.flickr.com/photos/obliot/26508531912/in/pool-milanoskyline/, 
  rome is unique . 
  no true counterpart even if there are dozens of american cities named rome . 
  maybe washington for the capitol hill and for the iconic dome . 
  but brussels is still more appropriate, 
  i hope the left wins . 
  i am not a strong supporter of that kind of left but it 's way better than the kind of right represented by hofer . 
  * grabs pop-corn *, 
  let 's say it only shows cities in european countries in the sense that it excludes eurasian nations : turkey , russia etc ), 
  the normans expelled a large part of the muslim population, 
  just to make a comparison , rome in year 1 had a million inhabitants . 
  the average wealth of a citizen in the south is 74 % lower than that of a citizen in northern and central italy . 
  considering that northern italy is probably ahead of central italy , i think that an italian in the north is probably twice as rich as an italian in the south . 
  the source is for the year 2010 ( it 's in italian ) http://www.altalex.com/documents/news/2012/01/25/bankitalia-nel-2010-ricchezza-netta-famiglie-italiane-a-163-875-euro, 
  something in between le pen and grillo . 
  it really is, 
  you mean yugoslavia ? 
  you are welcome , liberia, 
  russia and romania are so close to each other . 
  it 's easy to make such a mistake, 
  yeah i hate protectionism . 
  but here we are talking about taxes so i think it could be an acceptable measure, 
  `` national wealth is the total sum value of monetary assets of a given nation . 
  it refers to the total value of wealth possessed by the citizens of a nation at a set point in time . '', 
  i am against this kind of things in general . 
  but we are talking about netflix , an american provider of web series and movies . 
  as long as america pays the same taxes of european movies and series , we have zero chances to compete ( and we all know that ) . 
  europeans prefer american movies to european movies , and we can not make movies as succesful as those of america in an equal battle cause they dominate this field . 
  it 's not even about beating them in the international stage , it 's about survival of our industry in our own countries . 
  just to give you an example , in italy , american movies make way more money than italian movies themselves . 
  china limits american movies and their cinema industry is growing substantially . 
  that 's not by accident . 
  pizza was invented in naples in the 18th or early 19th century . 
  and this is the first ever pizzeria : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/antica_pizzeria_port%27alba, 
  our deficit is low and we respect the 3 % tule , that 's just common sense, 
  merkel disapproves this comment, 
  tell me about this `` pizza '' , this traditional american food ... i am curious, 
  lol we have more colors than regions, 
  i just want it to be approved so it can make news in america . 
  what 's m\u00e9lenchon 's agenda ? 
  lmao that 's also weird considering tajani is one of the few reasonable men in silvio berlusconi 's party ( btw he is vice-president of the eu parliament and he used to be a member of the european commission during barroso ii ), 
  blair used to be very famous , i was a child when he was pm and i knew who he was . 
  cameron is far less famous than , say , hollande or tsipras . 
  most people know who the members of the royal family are , maybe i should include them . 
  cameron is mostly known for the brexit debate . 
  he is going to be more popular in the coming months . 
  he is not a leader thanks god ... `` maybe a cheerleader '' ( quote ),
