  per es . 
  renzi tried to detax labour in 2014 ( fiscal bonus + irap + three years decontribution ) and detax proprierty in 2015 ( imu ) . 
  and he did that with the deficit going down in 2014,2015 and 2016 . 
  now we have earthquakes and the migration crisis since years , he had to spend . 
  it is true that he did not cut the public spending a lot , and that he insisted on stuff like the bonus on culture etc. . . but a ) he is a centre-left politician and b ) cutting the spending is n't probably the good thing to do right now that we are just out of the recession . 
  he could have done better , but i do n't agree that we are going to fail now if we did n't fail in 2011 . 
  the only good reason to vote no . 
  but in the end , that would be the will of the people so i 'll vote yes for the reform . 
  renzi likes to risk , most politicians talked about a similar reform since 30 years without achieving it . 
  so the day he became pm he went to the senate and he basically said `` you know what ? 
  i 'm going to basically abolish you , even though i 'm 39 and i 'm not eligible to be a senator '' but to be honest the election is in 2018 and if the senate remains as it is ... no one will be able to form a government cause it has a pure proportional law . 
  in case of a yes the senate will not have the power to block the birth of a government . 
  so there is a constitutional reason behind it , having two different majorities with the same powers is kinda frustrating . 
  same in italy, 
  yeah i meant the relocation of refugees, 
  no i just want libya to be a stable country cause returning the boats ca n't work , as i told you before . 
  that was a sequel of war crimes ... !, 
  did n't say that, 
  today is a fence , tomorrow is a wall and the day after tomorrow the schengen area is over . 
  and also we lose our energy instead of solving the causes of the problem . 
  excuse me , we are leading an european mission approved by all eu member states ( including austria ) . 
  it 's called operation sophia or eunavformed ... the fact that most ships in the mission are italian actually means that we are the ones paying the most for this operation . 
  so if this is a ferry service , it 's a european ferry service . 
  daaaaaamn, 
  that 's not even my problem . 
  my problem is that some of these states want at the same time to isolate us on every issue : on schengen , on libya , on international maritime law etc. . . like we are always at fault no matter what . 
  that makes me nervous and wish we stop sending money . 
  also , what about spain ? 
  they are n't getting any migrants and they are also a net receiver in the eu , like wtf ? 
  can a spanish explain me this . 
  maybe i 'm wrong and a relocation of migrants has happened in spain, 
  yeah , but the french forces are in cyrenaica ... helping the other guy ( haftar , the rival government of the pm serraj , which is the one we are supporting with our forces ) . 
  i call this `` sabotage '' . 
  if the anti-establishment wave continues , renzi may lose his job with the next referendum in italy , so both of them do n't care at this point . 
  altough , renzi did n't probably name a country ( hungary , austria , or poland ) this time . 
  libya will never have a strong central government , it 's an artificial country created by mussolini which decided to merge three differente entities ( tripolitania , cyrenaica , fezzan ) . 
  it has hundreds of tribes . 
  but that was the case even under gaddafi , but he was able to manage the whole thing . 
  why ? 
  cause he was perceived as the only leader in the country , he controlled oil and the tribes sided with him . 
  now there are two rival governments , one in tripolitania and one in cyrenaica . 
  serraj ( which is our guy , the pro-west guy ) needs to emerge as the real leader and get full control of the oil . 
  at that point haftar ( the other dude ) will stop being a dick and that 's the decisive step . 
  then you just fucking bribe the members of the tribes , you b-u-y them . 
  this is how libya works since 1934 . 
  i agree , removing gaddafi without a plan was a mistake . 
  even if renzi loses the referendum and we change government , the problem is still there . 
  libya is the gateway . 
  almost all migrants coming to italy come from libya . 
  you stabilize libya , you create hotspots there or you make sure they control their southern border ( which is not in the middle of the sea like ours ) . 
  and it 's over . 
  over . 
  actually italy has still a good reputation in libya . 
  we are the only one trying to find a solution there . 
  everyone betrayed gaddafi , even the members of the two current rival governments in libya , so that 's not the point . 
  as you said , libya is the gateway , 93 % of migrants coming to italy come from libya . 
  they ca n't come from tunisia , or marocco ... these are somehow stable nations . 
  without italy , the eu is gone man ... berlusconi literally sent boats back and made a pact with gaddafi to stop arrivals . 
  and we were fined by the european court of human rights and criticised by the rest of the eu . 
  now renzi is trying to stabilize libya , and we are also the only ones spending money in troops and hospitals there , leading the operation sophia and we are wrong again . 
  basically we are always at fault no matter what . 
  i do n't agree but i respect that.my point is that if the referendum fails we are going to have the 4th `` unelected prime minister '' and even in 2018 no one will have a manority in the senate , so we are going to have the 5th and so on . . 
  the alternative is supporting the government in libya and make sure people do n't flee their country . 
  we are doing that and the rest of europe is not helping ( some countries are probably supporting the rival government of pm serraj ) there is no other aternative cause you ca n't violate international law ( berlusconi did , we were fined , and renzi wo n't do that again ) . 
  and i wo n't accept to destroy the schengen area just because we ca n't deal with this crisis . 
  dunno , we tried evertyhing under berlusconi and we were fined by the european court of human right ( and criticised by most eu partners ) . 
  you ca n't expect a left-wing government now to do that . 
  i thought , like most of europe , that berlusconi was wrong back then , i ca n't say renzi is wrong now we are trying to help libya so they can stop departures , but we are supporting serraj . 
  the rest of the eu is not interested in libya . 
  some countries are even probably secretly supporting the rival government . 
  cause we are in a tripolar system since few years . 
  what i mean is that we need just one chamber voting the government , just one majority . 
  the current senate has a pure proportional law and if no wins , that is going to remain for sure imho . 
  there is a difference between a fence between two member states , ( e.g. 
  austria and italy ) and the protection of external borders . 
  we have to pass the constitutional reform otherwise it 's going to be like this for a lot of time given that we are in a tripolar system and no one will have a majority in the senate, 
  please , renzi is `` unelected '' as much as theresa may, 
  no one will . 
  i think that germany will have a grand coalition again . 
  my opinion is this : if yes wins , the democrats are going to be strengthened and i think we will go to early elections in 2017 with a new electoral law , probably after the elections in france and germany or in between the two . 
  if no wins , renzi is going to resign . 
  he 'll probably leave the role of pm to someone close to him until the end of the legislature . 
  there are primaries in 2017 to choose the secretary of the democratic party , at that point we 'll see if he wants to remain secretary in order to try to become pm again in 2018 . 
  but it 's going to be really difficult cause no one will have the majority in the senate and the five star movement will be strong in the chamber of deputies . 
  we 'll end up with some sort of grand coalition . 
  pretty much . 
  but you have to consider that obama is there for 4 years anyway . 
  we had 63 governments in 70 years and especially in recent years ( 2006 or 2013 ) we experienced a situation when no one is able to have a clear majority in the senate ... this means that governments change very often ( obama met 4 italian prime ministers : berlusconi and monti and then letta and renzi ) and the government arriving does his own decrees etc. . so decisions are not stable even if the we are in the same legislature with the same coalition . 
  omg we are in line with the euro area, 
  you are right . 
  this situation has led to the fact that in italy laws are basically made by the government through emergency decrees , cause the parliament just ca n't do it ( otherwise two different majorities with the same powers would stop everything for years ) . 
  we have a thing called `` legge di conversione '' , they are laws converting emergency decrees into actual law . 
  every reform renzi passed had to be done this way ( except the civil unions ), 
  the reform is mainly about two points : a ) end of the so-called `` perfect bicameralism '' . 
  in our system both houses have the exact same powers and they can both vote a motion of no confidence against the government . 
  this reform will turn the upper house into a sort of federal senate ( consisting of mayors and regional representatives ) and it will not be able to vote a motion of no confidence against the government ( like in germany or france ) b ) end of the `` shared competences '' between the state and the regions . 
  some are going to enlarge the exclusive powers of the regions , but the majority of them is going to the state . 
  they made this choice cause in theory it is compensated by the fact that there will be a regional senate . 
  there 's also a lot more stuff anyway . 
  i was n't around back then p.s.
