  what 's wrong with the building you are talking about ? 
  it 's the whole euro area that has had a lack of significant growth and problems in its banking system . 
  i am sure you can find a similar article for germany 's banks and for the growth of other nations in recent years . 
  so why do n't you say that europe has issues with germany or finland ? 
  accept the fact that italy is not a problem for the eu . 
  it 's the opposite : not only we are doing our part , we are vital for the whole european project . 
  what issue do we have with italy ? 
  we are a founding member and a net contributor , we never bailed out , we respect the rules and we are a g8 nation that increases europe 's influence in economic and international affaires . 
  as always , people like you speak with no knowledge of facts . . but hey do n't worry ... you can say whatever you want cause ... `` you are one of the richest countries in the world '' . 
  not even a letter of it it 's in italia . 
  i 'm offended you compared caesar to marlene dietrich, 
  10 minutes after ukraine won , the russian embassy in italy tweeted that eurovision was all about politics . 
  10 minutes after ukraine won , the russian embassy in italy tweeted that eurovision was all about politics . 
  the ukranian song was about crimea etc. . . the russian song received more votes than that of ukraine but it had no political meaning . 
  i think that 's because ukranians have nothing against russians , `` just '' against putin and his men . 
  i 'll post it here too , reaction of the russsian embassy in italy https://mobile.twitter.com/rusembitaly/status/731619047108972544, 
  over my dead body . 
  had no idea . 
  then why are the big 5 in the finals ? 
  i thought it was because they paid the most part of the budget . 
  ha acts like he lives in the 1940s, 
  is n't the show paid by every member ? 
  ( especially the big 5 ) ? 
  ukrain `` just '' has to organise it . 
  and i am sure ukraine is full of capable people able to organise an excellent show . 
  youd did nothing to europe ... it 's not like you started a couple of world wars in this continent :d, 
  winning against russia at the end of the show with a song called 1944 . 
  it 's like a giant fuck you to putin . 
  btw i think i fell in love with the bulgarian singer edit : lol , look at this https://mobile.twitter.com/rusembitaly/status/731619047108972544, 
  * on italy, 
  traduzione in dialetto romano `` annamo ar mare '' ( joke for italians only ), 
  speak english :d, 
  i think i fell in love with the bulgarian singer, 
  no just kidding , yes, 
  ukraine already borders the black sea , which looks like australia anyway, 
  mischief managed, 
  nigel is that you ? 
  they talk more about isil in sirte , but media make a lot of confusions between isil and dozens of armed groups operating in libya . 
  i am interested in geopolitics and international affaires . 
  well , the problem of italy is not the euro , not the debt ( it 's a long term problem ) and not the banking system . 
  it 's the lack of growth that we have experienced . 
  if we had a meaningful economic growth in the last 10 years you 'll see a much better situation now . 
  we have to understand if this is a true recovery or just a stagnation . 
  and then of course we need more investments . 
  i actually think that all of europe needs more investments , but the juncker plan is n't a true thing . 
  is it ? 
  i hope it is . 
  i see our government trying to do what it can in changing european policies and in reforming the country . 
  and then of course we have the north-south divide . 
  and here i think that the government is doing little . 
  they never did . 
  they are doing it now cause haftar ( an army general , the strong man in tobruk ) is influencing the masses against foreign intervention . 
  we have to find a way to unite tobruk and tripoli with us not against us . 
  otherwise we 'll never have a government with actual powers in libya . 
  the problem of the south was there way before the introduction of the euro . 
  the government of al serraj is going to ask for international support sooner or later ( they probably need the establishment of a green zone in tripoli with troops protect foreign embassies and their headquarters ) but we have to be careful or we risk to unite all libyans against us . 
  no i was n't attacking you . 
  it was just a consideration . 
  today we approved this too , for the first time . 
  btw `` normal couples '' sounds heavy, 
  probably for political reason . 
  nation-states do not wnat to share informations and power . 
  for example eu states share more informations with america than between themselves . 
  among the four fathers of the fatherland he was the anti-clerical one . 
  i do n't know what mazzini thought of the church tbh . 
  i do n't know how the danish government voted but most eu states voted in favour of it . 
  such thing are done by consensus usually . 
  the route is there since years with similar numbers, 
  there are two governments in libya . 
  one in tobruk and the other one in tripoli , led by al serraj , which is our puppet . 
  al serraj is in a difficult situtation , he had to go in tunisia for some time and he was able to return in tripoli thanks to the protection given by our navy in international waters . 
  so we have already done a coup basically and there are people burning the italian flag in tobruk against italy . 
  invade a nation big as libya and occupy it is almost impossible for every european nation . 
  now we are trying to strengthen the government of al serraj . 
  when his government is strong we can do an agreement . 
  they already told us they want a `` friendship pact '' with italy . 
  it 's not easy to do all of this when other countries are doing propaganda against us instead of helping tbh . 
  and here i am again saying that eu governments asked us to do this . 
  we are leading an european operation called sophia . 
  austria wanted this operation too . . just like italy , germany , sweden france etc. . etc. . 
  the vatican is not the seat of the catholic faith . 
  the holy see ( aka rome ) is the seat of the catholic faith . 
  the pope is the leader of the catholic church because he is the bishop of rome , not because we gave him a sovereign state within our borders in exchange of the recognition of our country . 
  so even annexing the vatican would not change anything in this regard . 
  you need to abolish the papacy in order to do that . 
  garibaldi had this idea before the capture of rome happened . 
  in an international conference at geneva , garibaldi referred to `` that pestilential institution which is called the papacy '' and proposed giving `` the final blow to the monster '' . 
  the world cup is a sport event ... ... ... 
  what ? 
  i am moving to san marino !, 
  la germania je fa na pippa !, 
  yeah ... a love-hate relationship . . yeah https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=renrilqwhjs, 
  i ca n't think of a more important selection than sanremo though . 
  this year the final is on rai 1 !, 
  i am watching the semi-final to help the market :d, 
  it 's trash . 
  but it 's our trash, 
  my driving school in rome had this kind of car with two of everything . 
  `` migration compact '' is the long-term solution proposed by italy . 
  there is a non-paper in english available on the government website http://www.governo.it/articolo/immigrazione-la-proposta-dellitalia-alla-ue/4509,
