  realized he did n't have the 2/3 majority needed for including a party into a group . 
  you said he sacrificed his candidacy to ally alde with other pro-eu groups . 
  but he first tried to strengthen his candidacy by inviting in alde beppe grillo 's five star movement , which is in the euroskeptic group of farage . 
  after that , he became minority in his own group and so he was forced to retire his candidacy . 
  you have n't seen anything . 
  he tried to include beppe grillo in his group to have a stronger position ... he lost all of his credibilty to me with that move . 
  wtf . 
  france is a permanent member in the unsc , it 's a g8/g20 country , it 's the second biggest country in the eu and a founding member , it 's also the sixth biggest economy in the world and they have troops all over francafrique . 
  it 's pretty relevant . 
  also do n't mix domestic problems with international influence . 
  the two things are n't that related , otherwise russia would be less influential than luxembourg, 
  sure , i know all of that . 
  our stereotypes suck and are among the worst in the world . 
  thast 's why i say that the one of mario is not that bad compared to all that shit . 
  it 's the total value of monetary assets possessed by the citizens of a nation at a set point in time . 
  so i guess home ownership is one of the main factors , yeah . 
  it was a just a joke :d, 
  `` stop '' being the problem here, 
  just move to croydon, 
  well , the character is italian . 
  people associate it with both japan and italy , depending on the context . 
  some also associate it with italian-american culture . 
  there is no ultimate perfect index but if you consider a `` rich country '' one with a good welfare , there is this index which includes income but also life expectancy and education : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index or this stuff if you just want to look at the wealth per adult : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult, 
  you wish you could eat like that and have that shape uh ? 
  :d if i was a country i 'd ask italy for a date , look how sexy it/she is on a map . 
  damn . 
  oh man do n't get me started :d anyway it 's like this since some years . 
  you are ahead of us when it comes to gdp ( ppp ) per capita while we are ahead of you when it comes to nominal gdp per capita . 
  that 's because your economy has grown much much more in recent years . 
  also your population is somehow shrinking while that of italy is somehow stable . 
  so our gdp per capita is pretty much the same since various years , while yours is growing . 
  you may even surpass france in gdp ( ppp ) per capita if you mantain this growth rate and france keeps getting a bigger population . 
  poland is rich now . 
  but i doubt you are poorer than russia . 
  the hdi is a much better index imho . 
  woah , look at how fat we are there . . 
  i live in rome too . 
  is n't mr.marra under arrest for corruption ? 
  is n't ms muraro under investigation ? 
  c'mon , i think grillo is spreading much more post-truth than everyone else . 
  hell , he must be master of post-truth, 
  just laugh, 
  yeah thank god, 
  i 'm done . 
  i have never tried kiwi in my life . 
  kinda disgusting , a euroskeptic party in a pro-eu bloc . 
  not cool guy . 
  not cool . 
  i hope alde rejects them or that group will lose all of my respect . 
  five star movement is going to become the biggest party in what it will be the third biggest bloc in the parliament . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  they are also in the grand coalition that supports juncker , i think there are several liberal commissioners . 
  guy ver-etc is putting grillo into a powerful position with a bigger financement . 
  what an idiot . 
  he wo n't change the nature of the five star movement , ( they 'll be both euroskeptic and pro-eu , disgusting ) . 
  he is doing this only for a top job . 
  the five star movement is everything to everyone . 
  they 'll be both eurosceptics and federalists . 
  grillo does n't really give a shit . 
  he is both pro-immgiration and anti-immigration . 
  he wants less taxes and more spending but also less debt and less growth . 
  he is pro-lgbt rights but kinda against it . 
  he is both left and right . 
  he is a political leader and just a comedian . 
  * chocolate discovered in a truck carrying iraqis, 
  i think that very few people speak italian in our former colonies . 
  however , a lot of people speak italian in malta , albania and monaco . 
  that 's a good one . 
  but not as good as pandoro . 
  pandoro is sexier, 
  you must choose one p.s. 
  pandoro is the right choice, 
  \u25cf the uk is still part of the eu though, 
  raggi made this man her top aide . 
  the fact that he was n't a politician and that he was a top aide of the former right-wing mayor alemanno is just worst . 
  plus i do n't see how can you blame the previous political guidance and at the same time say that he is just a simple administrative worker . 
  of course not, 
  this is considered democracy in italy . 
  if a government stays in power for five years is considered a dictatorship . 
  no won also because people fear that someone could actually govern . 
  at the same time , we italians do not like grand coalitions . 
  we only know what we do n't want . 
  that definetely sounds bad . 
  is it in a video ? 
  what did he say about poor people ? 
  every left-wing leader in the world has this problem . 
  there has to be something more , did he fail to mantain major promises ? 
  was his victory at the beggining just a vote against sarkozy ? 
  the end of a nightmare for the netherlands , the identity crisis is over / s so who 's gon na win the primaries for the socialists ? 
  the second round was labeled as undemocratic by the m5s and others . 
  now , that law is only valid for the chamber . 
  if yes wins , renzi promised to change that . 
  if no wins , it will change cause it 's not valid for the senate . 
  renzi tricked them and made it look like a concession to the oppositions and the minority of his party . 
  and the m5s has to support a no while they should probably vote yes and hope that renzi does n't change the law . 
  ha , the hypocrisy . 
  you are right , the idea of le pen being elected fuckin scares me . 
  that said , if you win with 2-3 million votes more than your opponent in france , you win . 
  sounds like renzi , it 's more about strategy than being a friend of putin . 
  nevertheless , a common policy on russia is likely to change with him in power : especially with regard to fighting terrorism in sirya , cause i 'm pretty sure that the eu is not going to switch position regarding ukraine .
