  this man is considered to be the candidate for the premiership for the five star movement ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/luigi_di_maio ) . 
  if renzi wins the referendum , italy is one of most stable countries in europe . 
  if the referendum does not pass , the country has zero political stabilty . 
  here 's why . 
  1 ) according to the current constitution , the italian government is elected by both the chamber of deputies ( lower house ) and the senate . 
  this is a unique thing in europe . 
  2 ) renzi made an electoral reform for the chamber of deputies . 
  this electoral law provides for a two-round system . 
  it means that you will have a political party winning the elections at a second round , just like the presidential elections in france 3 ) at this point , the chamber of deputies has an electoral law . 
  so the problem is the electoral law of the senate which is a pure party-list proportional representation . 
  it means no party can have a majority . 
  polls say we have a tripolar system right now ( 30 % left , 30 % five star movement and 30 % right ) . 
  and it 's basically impossible that they will form alliances among them . 
  3 ) therefore renzi made a constitutional reform thanks to which the government is only elected by the chamber of deputies . 
  the senate will have similar role to your bundesrat.there is also a reduction of mps and the abolition of various unuseful entities ( provinces , cnel ) and a lot of other things . 
  the political class tried to do this reform for 40 years . 
  4 ) the northern league , the far right , the five star movement , berlusconi , the far left , and even the minority of renzi 's democratic party support a no to the referendum because they want renzi to go . 
  5 ) if renzi lose the referendum ... well , we are in a shitty situation ... basically anarchy for at least 5-6 years . 
  no party will be able to form a government in the next elections with two different electoral laws in place ... i do n't even want to think about it . 
  6 ) that 's why i 'm voting yes . 
  problem is renzi likes to risk everything , so he said he is going to retire from politics if he loses this referendum . 
  that was a wrong move . 
  before he said that , polls were 66 % in favour of the reform . 
  after he said he is going to retire if he loses , the other parties ( especially the right-wing ) started to campaign on a basis which is basically `` renzi go home '' and now they turned this referendum in a yes or no to renzi . 
  and renzi 's democratic party has 30 % of popular support , so it 's kinda hard to defeat all the other parties put together . 
  plus , some important members of his own party are against the reform cause they want to replace him at the leadership of the party . 
  i hope yes wins . 
  italy is a stable country now and we have found an important place in europe . 
  yo you smart nigel . 
  four periods : ancient rome , renaissance , risorgimento , world wars four events : st peter becomes the first pope ( 33 ) ; founding of the university of bologna ( 1088 ) ; galileo points a telescope to the sky ( ~ 1610 ) ; treaties of rome ( 1957 ) this is what i have in my mind right now, 
  uhm ... what 's his plan ? 
  twitter and facebook actually, 
  i had no idea !, 
  i have watched a talk show in which an economic advisor of renzi said this thing was new to him . 
  so i do n't think it 's true . 
  40 billion of euros are a lot of money and we would violate eu rules by doing that , i do n't think it 's the case . 
  tell me about it, 
  `` the top three '' ... it sounds good . . we need a proud renzi here !, 
  i agree , you are totally right . 
  and we need european institutions ( the parliament for me ) that should matter more than germany/france/italy ... the eu should be reformed in that way . 
  however we have to say that there are also other groups such as the visregard group . . so that 's not a problem imo if the big founding members form a coherent group ( with italy part of it , of course :d ) ... the problem is that e.g. 
  merkel thinks/talks/acts like she is in charge of the union . 
  https://www.quora.com/is-the-uk-daily-mail-worth-reading i loved this answer `` the daily fail : worth reading in what way ? 
  it 's worth reading : 1 ) as a way to discover propaganda techniques that would make goebbels proud . 
  2 ) to discover how xenophobic little-englanders think . 
  3 ) as a kind of time travel back to the attitudes of the nineteen fifties . 
  4 ) as a reverse fact check ( i.e. 
  if it 's in the mail it 's probably not true ) . 
  5 ) if you want to discover the latest unsubstantiated rumours about what causes cancer.\u00f9 6 ) if you are a racist , a sexist , a homophobe , a climate change denier , xenophobic or islamophobic , you want your prejudices confirmed and you are n't to fussy about how . 
  it 's not worth reading if : you have any respect for the truth . '', 
  but tbh this thing is the fault of your meda ... there were candidates for the european commission during the european elections in 2014 and juncker was among them . 
  his pan-european party won so he was nominated ec president . 
  the problem is not the next election but the referendum on the constitutional reform we have in october . 
  i have already heard toxic messages from different mps calling for a `` renxit '' in october . 
  in a serious country ... you would have a large number of parties voting yes to that referendum . 
  in italy ... the far-left , the far-right , the center-right , the northern league , the five star movement and even some members of the minority of renzi 's own democratic party are all voting no . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  however i am confident renzi will find a way to solve this problem . 
  what about no?leave us alone, 
  of course not . 
  that was propaganda :d, 
  wait ... so the european parliament is going to vote for it ? 
  that 's fine then . 
  500 million europeans are represented through the eu parliament . 
  we pay them . 
  let them do something useful . 
  he does not want to change the electoral law . 
  the minority of his party wants to do that but he is against it . 
  maybe they will make him change his mind but that 's untrue for now . 
  i have never heard that the 5 star movemeny is anti-patriarchy . 
  it 's not that serious in politcs ( now ) . 
  there is a large number of women in parliament and government at least in comparison to the rest of europe . 
  grillo has often said the worst things of women in the other parties . 
  so do n't worry haha . 
  trump is one of the few stupid republicans . 
  belgium is obviously a country , just like africa ... ask sarah palin, 
  is hollande going to run ? 
  what about manuel valls ? 
  hate for free :d are you nervous ? 
  this is my answer to the second point you made . 
  that 's cause your media talk bad about italians so you are brainwashed . 
  there are a lot more positive things about italy . 
  first of all , berlusconi is a former pm . 
  so he is not in power . 
  so think of cameron and the house of lords ' scandals . 
  secondly , wtf is this story that our police take cash bribes ? 
  false . 
  mafia has been invented here but dont worry they have their kind of mafia in japan , russia , china , france and i 'm pretty sure that organised crime exists in britain . 
  you know italian heroes that died fighting mafia ? 
  of course not , so you talk out of your ass . 
  i do n't take lessons from the most corrupt country on earth according to saviano . 
  britain has a history of corruption too . 
  the author of the article is shocked by how terrible the survey has been for italian cities . 
  first i think its kinda normal to receive a negative answer if you aks `` is it easy to find a job in palermo '' ? 
  lmao and most importantly , we have local elections in this period . 
  candidates win local elections by saying how shitty the city is . 
  so we are told every 5 second by the media that our cities are shit . 
  this happens to my city ( rome ) every 5 years , when it 's time to vote . 
  this year is no exception , altough candidates say that the transport , the traffic is worst than ever etc and then no one says nothing for 5 years after the elections ... so bad things are bad as always but public perception is that they are worst under elections, 
  uhm maduro is still in power ?
