  is juncker sleeping or something ? 
  `` renzi believes that there is a double standard in energy policy , with the european commission terminating the south stream gas pipeline project , which aimed at bringing russian gas across the black sea to italy , while brussels does little to stop the nord stream 2 project , intended to supply russian gas to germany , across the baltic sea . '', 
  ( euractive ), 
  do you remember when they submitted 82 million amendments in order to stop the constitutional reform ? 
  ot let 's also remember italy never bailed out and it is confronting a migration crisis since three years . 
  what about greater london and veneto ? 
  that 's just ridicolous . 
  the greek navy deserves the nobel peace prize ( not merkel ) . 
  the germans will never admit it but they need help even more than greece right now . 
  they can not take 1 million asylum seekers a year , it 's insane . 
  parlavo della stepchild adoption . 
  `` vallo '' , `` val '' and `` vallata '' are also used in italian depending on context, 
  actually renzi and other party leaders said that all mps are free to vote what they want without consequences . 
  it 's also reasonable that they have to do that publicly since they are not electing the president of the republic or anything ... 
  spain ha 45 million people but is still big though . 
  and what you thought of italy ? 
  did you expect we had 60.808.000 million people , ( basically very close to britain ) . 
  have you watched the latest numbers for 2015 ? 
  agree, 
  who cares . . we got venice anyway after a referendum . 
  we defeated the austrians in world war 1 , ( interestingly in a battle named battle of vittorio veneto ) :d, 
  historically our enemies are austria and turkey but we do not really have enemies right now , maybe some former yugoslavian republics and india consider italy an enemy but i am not sure . 
  maybe italy itself is our enemy considering the north-south divide , the italian wars , the italian civil war etc.etc . . rivals ? 
  i love france and germany but both of them want to dominate the eu , so one of their main aims is to prevent nations such as italy or britain to have a greater role in europe . 
  traditionally italy wants a federal europe while france and germany want an intergovernmental europe led by the franco-german motor . 
  in addition , the frenchmen want to have a role in both libya and the horn of africa , areas of traditional italian influence . 
  it 's also true that we want to have a greater role in some places such as tunisia and djibuti , areas of traditional french influence . 
  germany tried ( unsuccessfully thanks to russia and america ) to kick us out of the international syria support group and they succesfully vetoed our partecipation in the p5 + 1 iran talks . 
  is n't it awesome how germany wants a weaker europe with few representatives in the international stage ? 
  yeah , russia and america want us at the important talks while germany and france do not . 
  shame on them . 
  thanks god , we are a major country so america and russia include us in the nato quint , g8 , international syria support group , contact group etc. 
  etc.on the other hand , france and germany are also our biggest trade partners , founding members of the eu like us , net contributors to the eu like us , and our very first allies in history during the risorgimento . 
  so they are also friends . 
  football : france and germany too . 
  are we really giving billions of euros to turkey ? 
  you got ta be kidding me , this is probably how they want to use our fucking money . 
  well ... the holy see probably lol . 
  apart from that ... if i remember well , there is a beautiful painting made before the italian and german unification ( called `` italia und germania '' or `` germania und italia '' ) where italy and germany are represented as two sisters . 
  italians and frenchmen call each other `` cousins '' ( cugini d'oltralpe / cousins transalpins ) . 
  rome and paris are reciprocally and exclusevely twinned with each other . 
  italy and greece share the motto `` one face one race '' and the greco-roman culture . 
  brazil and argentina are catholich nations and there are a lot of italo-brazilians and italo-argentinians living in those two countries . 
  italy is also strongly related to regions with italophone communities such as switzlerland , malta , monaco , vatican , san marino , istria ( in slovenia and croatia ) . 
  i hope i did not forget anyone . 
  albania is also to be mentioned as most of albanians speak italian and they are related to the italian culture for various reasons . 
  we have excellent relations with russia since the renaissance ( the kremlin was buildt by italian artists ) , and also with america because of various reasons . 
  what policy ? 
  `` if relocation continues at the current speed , it will take more than 100 years to achieve the planned relocation from greece . '', 
  ... and some have the courage to blame greece ... 
  i did n't know we were in nazi germany . 
  anyway italy is a founding member , a major net contributor , it is respecting the rules and it has done various reforms . 
  if someone should say to others what to do that 's italy . 
  i think that 's true europeanism , ... sure he is also trying to get some votes , ( like every politician on earth ) , but he is right in what he says . 
  `` i am talking about establishing some common rules about the selection of the candidates who are to lead europe , starting with the primaries for the presidency of the commission . '', 
  wan na see what the other member states say about this . 
  `` i am talking about establishing some common rules about the selection of the candidates who are to lead europe , starting with the primaries for the presidency of the commission . '', 
  wan na see what germany says about this . 
  to me , this is more important than a european treasury minister . 
  `` we can blame the greeks for that , but at the same time we should change the dublin regulation . 
  when we insist on this unrealistic procedure , it means nothing more than that we are defending dublin while renouncing schengen '' i do n't think we should blame greece . 
  i agree with the second part of his comment though . 
  dunno , i thought it was a great comeback, 
  italian engineers did most of the work . 
  there were dutch , american and italian companies involved , but my point is not about the companies ' nationality . 
  i doubt renzi wants the eu to fall considering that italy is one of the six founding members and the third largest net contributor . 
  i do n't agree with everyting renzi does , but he has done some reforms . 
  search on google `` italicum '' , `` italian labor market reform '' and `` italian constitutional reform '' . 
  yeah but most engineers were italians , i think . 
  i have to look it up . 
  this has nothing to do with the article . 
  anyway : world war 1 : austria and germany took the offensive , therefore violating the defensive pact with italy ( the famous `` triple alliance '' meant to oppose the `` triple entente '' ) . 
  the triple alliance is dead and italy decided to mantain neutrality . 
  after a year , italy joins the allies and wins world war i. 
  world war ii ) after the fall of mussolini in 1943 a civil war breaks out . 
  the italian partisans fight against the italian fascists . 
  mussolini is killed by partisans in 1945 and italy is liberated but it has lost the war . 
  no switch sides . 
  actually they are working together . 
  let 's see what happens next . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/12050576/britain-and-italy-stand-together-on-eu-reform.html http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-08/renzi-says-he-s-betting-on-cameron-sees-anti-brexit-deal-soon, 
  we all know italians realized the greatest recovering of a ship in history . 
  the same ship you are talking about . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  he said `` the eu s like the orchestra playing on the titanic '' . 
  a little bit different . 
  i do n't like the fact that he said `` eu '' and not `` juncker commission '' . 
  but he is kinda right in what he says . 
  renzi is not euroskeptic . 
  three days ago , he proposed primary elections in order to choose the next president of the european commission . 
  he is challenging the current balance of power in the eu and some policies . 
  just like cameron . 
  the difference is that britain is against `` an ever closer union '' while italy wants a more political and federal eu . 
  i hope renzi and cameron continue to support a two-speed europe where both britain and federalist nations like italy can be happy and have a greater role . 
  this is the only way to counter-balance the franco-german relationship considering britain and italy are the third and the fourth biggest states in the eu as well as g8 nations . 
  italy has 60.808.000 inhabitants . 
  this projection includes italians only , without taking into account the fact the overall population ( thanks to migrants arrival ) is slighlty increasing every year . 
  we have a stable population . 
  i do n't think the number of people is so relevant though . 
  still awesome,
