italy and benelux too, 
  we do n't say `` italy plays in blue '' , we say `` italy plays in azzurro '' . 
  i know, 
  we play in sky blue cause it used to be the colour of the house of savoy ... but there are also other weird theories . 
  we can mantain the eu and cut the democratic deficit . 
  that means shifting powers from the eu council to the eu parliament . 
  do governments want to do it ? 
  that 's the question . 
  and i believe that the commission should not be a grand coalition , expression of the council ... but a true government responsible in front of the parliament and the european citizens . 
  otherwise it is going to be perceived as a gang of bureaucrats . 
  'cause i can say that we have the best shape . 
  you ca n't beat that . 
  why are boots shaped like italy ? 
  italy 's shape was there before people invented boots . 
  why are boots shaped like italy ? 
  ( btw our average iq is awesome : no one in the eu does better ), 
  uhm ... i thought that having chinese police patrolling the streets of rome was n't a great idea . 
  then i read this . 
  it is a requirement . 
  i may be wrong but i think that this requirement has been included in the treaties . 
  marocco once asked to join , but the eu court of justice said `` only european nations can join '' . 
  and he killed bin laden . 
  personally . 
  just kidding , but he is a great president for his country . 
  ... but to a french speaker , italian is closer than spanish , i guess . 
  same for english speakers : on italian music videos on youtube it 's full of people that say `` is this french ? 
  look at the answer given by eliazonor . 
  have you ever noticed that there are more italians speaking french than spanish . 
  there is a reason for it . 
  english : my head hurts . 
  french : ma t\u00eate fai mal . 
  put it on the table . 
  ponelo en la mesa . 
  look at my face . 
  my sister is beautiful . 
  my cousin has a dog . 
  i want to eat cheese every evening this summer . 
  my brother talks too much . 
  i need you . 
  to succeed riuscire reussir exitar under sotto sous abajo to leave alone lasciare laisser dejar more pi\u00f9 plus m\u00e1s to bring portare reporter traer to watch guardare regarder mirar to have avere avoir tener morning mattina matin ma\u00f1ana tomorrow domani demain ma\u00f1ana to search cercare chercher buscar to find trovare trouver encontrar to take prendere prendre tomar to want volere vouloir quierer to cut tagliare tallier cortar never mai jamais nunca but ma mais pero again ancora encore otra vez, 
  that 's why it 's better to not give guns to the stupid motherfuckers :d, 
  actually , french is closer to italian, 
  shit . 
  what do we do now ? 
  we need to form an alliance with zambia or zanzibar , otherwise we risk to be isolated on the international scene . 
  edit : ca n't think of other countries starting with the letter z edit2 : it turns out zanzibar is not even a country, 
  guns do n't kill people , europeans do n't kill people but americans kill people . 
  apparently . 
  damn , we are awesome . 
  italy ... :(, 
  i hope so and i kind feel it 's our moment . 
  now has italy is a major european player in foreign policy , i can you give you dozens of examples ( from iran to syria , libya , tunisia , latin america , etc. . . ) . 
  but then look at the comments to the guardian article , it 's full of stereotypes and it 's full of self-hating italians . 
  i do n't know how we can overtake that . 
  that sort of anti-italianism is a major force in italy and abroad . 
  for a lot of people , we should only make pizza and they forget we are a founding member , the third economy in the eurozone , 60 million inhabitants etc. . . i 'm optimistic though , but it 's very hard to take a leading role in european affaires , considering germany does not want other big players . 
  g8 country bro . 
  lithuania : suicidial , damn that hurts italy : so weak :( well compared to china we are all weak norway : not cold ... wtf now explain me what '' milk-induced longevity '' has to do with foreign policy . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i do n't think renzi is more powerful than hollande but he has been able to re-make italy one the big 4 , which is normal considering we are a founding member and a g8 nation . 
  i can make you dozens of examples . 
  look at the iran talks in vienna : only uk/germany/france were part of it . 
  now we have the syria talks in vienna and we are part of it along with fr/de/uk . 
  also , renzi made italy a kind of political bridge between russia and america , that was berlusconi 's dream . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/04/european-leaders-urge-russia-to-maintain-syria-ceasefire http://m.europapress.es/internacional/noticia-obama-cameron-hollande-merkel-renzi-piden-partes-sirias-respeten-tregua-20160425201953.html he is also trying to make italy a leader in the eu policies towards africa by proposing the migration compact and by establishing key relations in north and east africa . 
  renzi is certainly more important than hollande when it comes to the party of european socialists . 
  he obtained mogherini to be high representative and pittella as the leader of socialdemocrats in the eu parliament ... all of this while having draghi president of the ecb . 
  also , the socialdemocrats leaders used to meet in paris , but this is changing and next time they are going to meet in rome as a reflection of the fact that italy is taking the lead when proposing alternatives to merkel 's economic agenda . 
  do n't tell me, 
  they say it in a different way but euronews article is correct . 
  the border is still open, 
  they go throuh libya . 
  that 's the point . 
  by stablizing libya , the problema is solved . 
  al serraj , the new libyan pm , is basically our puppet . 
  he is already cooperating . 
  we need to strenghten his government . 
  you ca n't close internal borders without leaving the eu or without a consenus between 28 members states and frankly austria has a lot to lose in doing that . 
  if some goverments want to leave the eu or schengen or anything that 's another story . 
  certainly italy can not be kicked out as it 's a founding member and vital for the whole project , not to mention that italy 's position is the official position of the eu commission and eu council , so i do not see where italy 's position is conflicting with that of the common border zone . 
  the only solution is to stabilize libya so africans will not come in large numbers . 
  that was the situation pre-civil war in libya . 
  that 's why we have proposed the migration compact and we are involved in the med and supporting al serraj . 
  if other nations question european values and a european common border zone ... it 's not our fault , they are going against us instead of helping us . 
  and if they do not want to help , at least they should n't create us problems . 
  and why should we leave the echr ??? 
  so we can avoid to respect human rights ??? 
  and then be labeled as a fascist nation by your government and other governments ? 
  no thank you, 
  oh well , then hollande and renzi are crazy communists i guess ... 
  14th cause norway is not in the eu . 
  still more than half of the eu and more than france , britain , spain . 
  ... and we are probably more involved than everyone in solving the crisis . 
  also , people coming via italy are far less than the ones coming via greece . . so being 4th is still a lot . 
  maybe it 's not clear that we were condemned by the echr for sending back 200 migrants under berlusconi . 
  we had to pay money for that , we were fined , not to mention the fact that the other governmemts ( all center-right merkel , cameron , sarkozy ) were kinda horrified by italy 's deal with gaddafi . 
  i am not going back to berlusconi 's era , man . 
  excuse me but center-left governments are the minority in europe . 
  and also juncker , tusk , merkel are center-right leaders, 
  you are so right .
