  it 's simply a populist party and it 's unfit to lead . 
  even though i live in rome and i do n't want her to fail the city ... i agree ... p.s. 
  they are actually a mix of both right-wing populists and left-wing populists.don ' t ask me how they manage to do that . 
  that was also a move from merkel to strenghten germany 's position . 
  in the former big trio ( ger , fra , uk ) there was no single top nation imho : germany and france were leading the political integration ; france and the uk were dominating the foreign affaires ; and germany and the uk were the most influent in free trade and this kind of economic stuff . 
  following the great recession , germany took a greater and greater role and now it used brexit to form the new big trio ( ger , fra , ita ) where all countries are founding members . 
  it 's pretty clear that for demographic , economic and historical reasons germany is definetely going to be the top nation , while france has to be number two and italy is number three . 
  and this is also why it looks like germany wants to lead in defense affaires too and expanding its role in europe 's balance of power . 
  this is obviously a net gain for us but it 's probably a loss of influence for france as hollande was probably expecting to have a greater role ( as big as germany and not still `` number two '' ) since france is now the only eu country with a permanent seat , nukes , the largest military etc. . and this is also why france is at this summit so it can play the role of a link between the north ( which is better represented by germany ) and the south ( which is better represented by italy ) . 
  but again that 's just my view . 
  are they going to protest like in 2010 ? 
  good, 
  various interesting buildings have been built in milan in recent years.you can see them here . 
  what 's the role of the european parliament in such a negotiation?i hope it will be relevant . 
  wtf did i just read ? 
  good for renzi , he will be remembered as the one who achieved a greater role for italy in europe ... and good for us . 
  sure `` i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend your right to say it '', 
  this is actually worst than the other one.sthereotypes all the way , ok.charliehebdo is free to say it . . but i am free to say that 's horrific.just horrible.and i went to the french embassy after the attacks saying `` je suis charlie '' with a lot of people ... that 's so sad ... 300 people dead and charlie hebdo mocking us . 
  that 's cool . 
  huh ? 
  we did and italy was fined . 
  so no . 
  that 's not true . 
  when there was no operation they were still coming and there were way more deaths . 
  this time paying decent taxes ... :d it was just a joke ... 
  i mean : , that was a joke . 
  that 's what i would do with 13 bn euros if i was the prime minister and the irish government was in favour of that . 
  i know the reasons why the government is against it . 
  if i was the prime minister of ireland i 'll do that just to troll apple . 
  but it looks like the irish government is against having the 13bn euros . 
  so sad.and i hate the fact that this stuff always happens in the middle of the night . 
  this part of italy is probably the most seismically active region in the country and it 's an area consisting of small twons with old buildings . 
  most damage was made in such towns mear the epicentre . 
  there is a larger town called norcia , that resisted this quake because it was rebuilt after a quake in 1997 . 
  but still we can not compare this stuff with tokyo or san francisco . 
  6.2 at 4 km close to the surface . 
  that 's kinda enough to destroy the kind of old houses they have in small towns . 
  we are talking about old buildings in small towns or rural areas . 
  being a rich country does not prevent you from having an earthquake that kills people unfortunately . 
  not a minor earthquake . 
  i felt it in the middle of the night and i am in rome . 
  this was the first time i felt an earthquake in my life . 
  `` kitestramuort '' is the name of a mod ? 
  i 'm roman but i know what tha means in the neapolitan dialect . 
  this was not even on the agenda . 
  and i doubt renzi asks merkel for permission . 
  italy does not even want to violate the rules . 
  changing them and negotiating with the commission the budget ( as every country does ) is a different thing . 
  our constitutional referendum can not be abandoned . 
  it 's legal binding . 
  the referendum is not going to unleash the apocalypse , calm the fuck down stiglitz . 
  altough ... if no wins , i 'll be ashamed for the rest of my life as italian . 
  we have had like 64 governments in 70 years ... there 's really a part of italians that do not want to change anything ... except the governments ... they want to change the gov every month . 
  same for florence btw . 
  i have a question for french voters : who is more likely to win the primary elections among the socialists and among the republicans ? 
  yeah i 've seen that video too . 
  yeah like it 's 2020 `` hey may , do you want to trigger article 50 ? '', 
  `` i told you in 2016 : next year ... so it 's next year '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was talking about the french model of integration and not specifically about the burkini though . 
  who ? 
  as a left-winger , this is actually a huge problem.spain , germany , poland and the uk are led by conservatives . 
  and where the left governs , like italy and france , the main criticism is `` you are not the real left '' ( and i do not agree with this criticism ... but still that 's what the far left say ) . 
  i think that happens because the far left is destroying the image of the whole left . 
  that does not happen within the right cause the far right typically says `` we are not a left-wing party nor a right-wing party '' . 
  on the other hand , the far left says `` we are the true left , we are the only true ideological party etc. '' . 
  so people look at those idiots ( like anarchists , feminazis , the noglobal movement etc. ), 
  in the far left and think that true left-wingers are like that , which is not true . 
  uhm yeah i 'm young so i have only voted for pd not for the communist party or others ... but it 's just weird that you have voted for bersani in 2013 and now you say this kind of stuff ... i bet bersani always had the same positions of renzi when it comes to immigrants . 
  muslims in italy are like 2 million people among 60 million inhabitants . 
  you say that you are forced to eat islamic food and that your city has been conquered ... where the hell do you live ? 
  you are right . 
  i agree, 
  slow recovery . 
  last year 0,8 % growth . 
  this year well ' have something similar to that . 
  nevertheless it 's better than 2013 ( -2 % ) , 2012 ( -3 % ) , or obvioulsy 2009 ( -5 % ) . 
  the employement rate is actually improving , we went from 44 % of youth unemployement to 36 % in a couple of years and we went from 13,7 % to 11,6 % in the last year and a half ... but of course it 's still at high levels compared to northern europe . 
  jail them and throw the key away . 
  are romania and hungary rival countries ? 
  but you speak like grillo , berlusconi and salvini ... `` unelected prime minister '' does not mean anything cause prime ministers are not elected . 
  he has been elected leader of the largest party through primary elections and so he was named prime minister . 
  valls of france , may in the uk and the current australian pm , and even the pm before renzi are all examples of `` unelected prime ministers '' ... since i have voted only for pd too ... i 'm curious to know : who do you support now ? 
  come back to italy \u263a, 
  yeah , like erdogan asking for refugee status in european countries . 
  so farage likes the eu citizenship for his family ... hypocrisy at its finest . 
  damn, 
  grillo said he is a populist . 
  i think i have also heard le pen saying it before the european elections in 2014 . 
  i do n't think it 's right to include corbyn in the same league as trump , grillo and le pen though . 
  i do n't see him as a populist . 
  but i know little about him : does he claim to be a populist ? 
  i had no idea . 
  renzi is for dialogue with russia . 
  and all other parties basically love putin or at least hate the sanctions ( regarding them as being a sort of high treason of italy 's interests ) . 
  not to mention that berlusconi 's networks portray putin as a badass in a way not even russia today does . 
  i mean , some months ago there was a 2 hour special called `` the president . 
  vladimir putin , protagonist of world 's history . '', 
  this was the promo https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1t0blueng9i, 
  the first point is all about growth , fiscal stimulus and economic reform . 
  apart from that ... reforms cost money .
