  of course , nominal gdp is more useful when measuring growth , trade , economic power and stuff like that . 
  i personally think that wealth per capita should replace gdp ( ppp or nominal ) per capita when measuring how rich is each country . 
  in fact , it 's being used much more often in recent years thanks to better data we have . 
  you know what 's even better ? 
  median wealth per capita but that 's probably asking too much in world where inequality is such a big thing . 
  cause most taxes are paid according to the income and taxes form the budget of each nation . 
  and the budget of each country is annual , so governments use gdp data in order to understand how this influence their budget . 
  wealth per capita fluctuates more than gdp . 
  gdp is is a monetary measure of the value of all final goods and services produced in a year . 
  as a consequence , gdp per capita is `` basically '' the income per capita . 
  net wealth ( also net worth or national wealth ) refers to the total value of wealth possessed by the citizens of a nation at a set point in time . 
  as a consequence , wealth per capita is the money of the income you have plus properties , fnancial wealth , monetary assets etc. . 
  no you are right . 
  i was making a distinction between gdp per capita ( which is basically the income ) and wealth per capita ( which includes income , properties , financial wealth , other monetary assets ) . 
  our gdp per capita is similar to that of france , spain , japan , south korea , nations that are growing more than us . 
  our wealth per capita is still higher than that of germany . 
  you are talking about gdp but when it comes to net wealth per adult , italy is way ahead ( italy is at 246,000 $ per capita , poland is at 29,000 $ per capita ) . 
  i mean , total wealth per adult . 
  if we consider median wealth , poland is at 10,000 $ we are at 140,000 $ . 
  i wish to have the growth of poland though . 
  i guess there is a reason why we are in the g7 . 
  our wealth per capita is huge . 
  you can do math . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth and our gdp per capita is similar to that of france , spain , japan , south korea . 
  to me all these nations are wealthy . 
  our problem is lack of growth and jobs and i hope it 's changing . 
  then of course there is the north-south divide , so you have to consider it . 
  he did resign cause he lost the majority in the parliament . 
  and he won the elections again , so this argument is weak . 
  but that 's not tsipras ' fault . 
  not even that of juncker . 
  blame merkel , former greek governments , barroso , sarkozy , berlusconi , all eu govs that managed the situation in a bad way at the beginning , etc. ... the problem started way before 2015 or 2016 . 
  every pope since thousands of years . 
  every opera singer or classic musician since hundreds of years . 
  and people in malta , monaco , albania , switzerland , croatia/slovenia and some in the horn of africa . 
  people of italian origins . 
  people already able to speak french or spanish . 
  i guess that 's why italy has a position despite being official only in italy , vatican , san marino , switzerland and istria . 
  btw same for german . 
  it 's official only in six countries and south tyrol but it 's doing pretty well . 
  the day he went to the eu parliament , there was the terrorist attack in brussels so the parliament closed when he arrived . 
  here 's the photo . 
  i can name ten terrorists ;d, 
  according to some views ... the green represents hope , the white represents faith , and the red represents charity ; this references the three theological virtues . 
  some images http://www.exoticspotter.com/ferrari-458-italia-ever\u00f6d-sweden-68651 http://www.italiamagazineonline.it/archives/7253/roma-tricolore-150-anni-dellunita http://kikka3.net/150\u00b0-anniversario-dellunita-ditalia/150\u00b0-anniversario-dellunita-ditalia-tricolore-17-marzo-2011-3-800x600/ and i also love the european flag . 
  it kinda completes our flag with blue and yellow . 
  i was ironic . 
  russia almost borders canada , canada might as well be america . 
  ussr ( united states super russia ) confirmed . 
  less power to the eu council . 
  more power to the eu parliament . 
  probably because of roman catholicism and because half of argentina population is made up by italo-argentinians . 
  for example it 's true that we use handgestures a lot and that is ok to me , but enough of pizza and mafia music : it 's everywhere . 
  i am annoyed cause after hundreds of thousands of videos depicting us that way , it 's a bit annoying . 
  if you look at the other nations ' steteotypes , they may be annoying but they change depending on the video . 
  imagine if americans were always ( movies , videos , books etc. . ) represented as obese people ... 
  i did n't take it seriously . 
  good adolf, 
  why should a native german speaking region be in austria ? 
  they do n't speak austrian . 
  `` during the g-8 summit in italy in july , gaddafi said switzerland `` is a world mafia and not a state , '' adding that the italian-speaking part of the country should be returned to italy , the german-speaking part to germany and the french-speaking part to france . '', 
  cause world war i. p.s. 
  so we should divide switzerland between italy , germany and france ? 
  oh and there are italians in south tyrol . 
  yeah i kinda want north tyrol . 
  the part about italy is so orginal , i have never seen italians represented that way , before . 
  it 's so funny omg , so out of the box . 
  oh and that 's pizza ? 
  who 'd think that ? 
  this guy is a genious . 
  no i want just one european union with different types of states . 
  who 's gon na win ? 
  who are the other candidates ? 
  `` hand him your money , he 'll build you a refugee tent , erdo-how , erdo-where , erdogaaan '', 
  `` be nice to him , since he 's holding all the cards '' https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=r2e2yhjc_mc, 
  italy has the eighth largest economy and france has the sixth largest economy in the world . 
  if the writer of the article is using ppp data ... then the whole thing makes no sense cause economic strength is understood only with nominal gdp . 
  well , italy is reforming itself and our deficit is low . 
  but our main problem is growth , not the debt . 
  the debt is a long-term problem : italy 's debt is in the hands of italians and our net wealth is four times larger than our debt . 
  the lack of jobs and stagnation is today 's problem . 
  same for france . 
  so my answer is : italy and france are too big to fail ( and if they fail in the future , all eu states fail as a consequence ) . 
  at the same time both countries have to implement reforms in order to have more growth and create more jobs . 
  recend data are good . 
  let 's hope we can have a strong economic reovery in the next months all over europe . 
  is this true ? 
  i do not understand why corbyn wants turkey in the eu . 
  i 'm a social democrat and i do n't want turkey in the eu . 
  the turks themselves do not want to join . 
  but i live in rome ( roma in italian and latin ) and no one thinks that roma people are the romans living in rome . 
  and no one thinks that as roma is a team of gypsies . 
  how 's that ? 
  :d in italian we say romani in order to say romans ... and we do not say romani people or roma people when indicating gypsies , instead of it we use the word `` rom '' . 
  is this word used also in other languages ? 
  yeah, 
  i believe in a multi-speed european unuon where each member can choose between 1 ) federal europe ( founding members : france , benelux , germany , italy ) 2 ) supranational europe ( basically eu as it is : current eurozone and schengen ) 3 ) confederal europe ( no ever closer integration , no euro : britain , switzerland ) 4 ) intergovernmental europe ( current associated states such as ukraine , the balkans , microstates ), 
  yeah that 's what i have in mind, 
  i do n't think it 's coincidental, 
  you are right .
