  here 's a sum of it . 
  yeah they are angry at italy and france for that :(, 
  i am a social liberal/social democrat so i can only support renzi and the democratic party . 
  i like some of his policies ( the constitutional reform , a reduction of taxes on labor , civil unions , the concept of primary elections , pro-eu stance but against some stupid austerity positions ) . 
  i do n't like other policies he decided ( he increased cash payments in shops from $ 1,000 to $ 3,000 , his position on russia is ambigous , he abolished a tax on houses named imu not only for poor people but also for very rich people ) . 
  still the democratic party is the best for me , cause it consists of various centre-left ideological trends . 
  renzi is going to resign if he lose the constitutional referendum ( which is unlikely , i think ) . 
  alternatives outside the democratic party are probably : salvini and di maio . 
  di maio is 30 years old member of m5s . 
  he is a reasonable guy but its stance on a lot of issues is not clear to me and i have a fear that the true leader of m5s is the comedian grillo ( i do n't like grillo , he is dangerous ) . 
  salvini ( 41 years old like renzi ) is the worst . 
  he is a far right leader , and a member of the northern league ( not long ago he wanted northern italy to leave italy ) . 
  to have a majority he should form an alliance with berlusconi , and that 's bad . 
  within the democratic party , some leaders with a good public support are maria elena boschi and roberto speranza ( both have 34/35 years old ) . 
  boschi has basically the same ideas of renzi , she does n't even need to talk to him . 
  she thinks like him . 
  speranza is against renzi on a series of issues . 
  in order to become secretary of the pd , you need to win primary elections . 
  when we abolished mare nostrum , migrants kept coming anyway . 
  and i have to rember that italy is leading the mission but it 's an eu mission sophia that was approved by most european governments ( probably all of them ), 
  tell me about it . 
  what a lovely capital we europeans have, 
  according to the rest of europe and to people like me , we were at fault when berlusconi did not save them and we were condemned by european courts and we were fined . 
  we can not be at fault now , it 's logic . 
  i 'll not accept the concept that italy is always at fault . 
  we are right this time and you are wrong . 
  close the borders if you want . 
  but then do not claim to be the home of european values , solidarity when we are the ones trying to save thw whole european project since years ... 
  the solution is to avoid the exodus from libya . 
  we can do that . 
  and when we 'll have the agreement with new libyan government , we 'll rember we solved the problem alone without the help of the rest of europe . 
  we are not . 
  we agreed to co-control the border with austria . 
  renzi at the begginning said he wanted to help austria too . 
  but have you have heard what the austrian government has said ? . 
  they said they wanted to build a wall ( then a barrier ) and to have austrian troops controlling the italian trains in italy itself . 
  there is also a flow of afghanistan citizens coming from austria to italy but they do not talk about that and we have a lot of migrants and refugees too . 
  we italians want to help austria , but cooperating with them while they insult you it 's kinda difficult . 
  i am actually with my prime minister on this . 
  i am pro-europe and also pro-eu , so closing internal borders is against our values , being italy also a founding member.but if you want to control your border do it , but we have the right and the duty to tell you this does n't look like a solution . 
  others are responsible for this , not italy . 
  the solution is to avoid the exodus from libya . 
  we can do it and we will do it cause there 's nothing italy ca n't do . 
  even if you do not support us . 
  even if you discovered the crisis only a year ago . 
  we 'll save the whole european project and we 'll do it for you too . 
  now downvote me , ciao . 
  you know there is a slovenian ( or croatian ) guy that has created something like 900 youtube accounts to say that italians look like arabs . 
  i see a huge difference between us europeans ( including italians , frenchmen , spaniards etc. ), 
  and arabs . 
  however there are some people in sicily with arab origins but there are even people of norman origins : that 's because of the history of the region . 
  for the rest of italy , most italians have brown hair ( ligther in the north and darker in the south ) while i think most arabs have black hair . 
  that 's what i know . 
  sorry i gave you this answer cause that slovenian guy is everywhere on youtube . 
  are you nervous ? 
  this austerity package , wich is the consequence of the debt rising , means recession . 
  it 's a never-ending thing : recession-debt rises-austerity-recession-debt rises-austerity-recession-debt rises-austerity and so on ... you have to make a european plan for investments . 
  countries that have low deficit ( e.g. 
  germany ) should make more investments in their economy . 
  the juncker plan has to become a reality , now it 's a joke . 
  maybe we should introduce eurobonds in order to alleviate the future greek debt ( i am not talking about that of the past ) . 
  the only way greece can come out of this is by making grow the whole region so they can benefit from that . 
  it depends on what kind of cuts they do . 
  linear cuts are worst than increasing taxes . 
  true that but i have watched it on the news various times . 
  it 's just that italians are not interested in it . 
  we like to talk about stupid local issues most of the time . 
  i hate that . 
  exactly . 
  i was talking about real wealth . 
  that 's also true for gdp data this year for a lot of countries . 
  the reason is the dollar i guess . 
  and then wealth per capita fluctuates more than gdp per capita . 
  so it 's not like we lost 10 % 30 % or 40 % of our wealth or gdp ... i think it 's a sort of artificial thing depending on the dollar thing . 
  every western nation has a wealth per capita bigger than its gdp per capita and i do not think the reason is a bubble . 
  higher gdp means higher wealth but still gdp per capita does n't represent all the wealth per capita at a set point in time , by definition . 
  look at gdp per capita numbers for britain , france , germany and italy and look at their gdp per capita . 
  you probably mean that the gdp per capita is not the median income per capita ( and of course i agree ) but still it 's the income per capita . 
  yeah you are totally right . 
  i think i have seen 2015 data and britain is ahead of italy now if i am not wrong . 
  so putin has a small dick but hollande and renzi have a giant penis ? 
  i did not mention cameron cause we have already talked about his penis too much . 
  probably a good part of it considering that 70 % of italians own their own home . 
  the question was about wealth , not only about productive capital . 
  a lot of people may be rich with a low income and a lot of people may be poor even if they have an income . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  but no one is giving me an answer on how poland is going to reach our wealth per capita . 
  growth ? 
  you win 10-0 in the last 20 years . 
  let 's see in the next 20 . 
  you had a shock therapy . 
  we were shocked by berlusconi . 
  i know , my point is that the greek people would have confirmed its status as pm even if he wanted to resign . 
  cause he re-won the elections like a month later . 
  you say he is going to lose next time but who 's gon na win ? 
  gni is related to gdp.it 's gdp plus income derived from selling the services of factors of production abroad minus income earned by nonresidents . 
  it 's basically gdp + net income received from overseas . 
  the relation between gdp and wealth per capita is that i told you before . 
  well , gdp has also problems . 
  but the question was about wealth , so i used data about wealth per capita .
