  476 worst year of my life, 
  yeah `` decent '' , that 's the point ... wait ... we are just complaining about the fact that we complain so much ... shit ... 
  really the shittiest year ever . 
  uhm i can agree on dante : he even compared italy to a bordello , so yeah . 
  but i think romans were really proud of their nation . 
  but it 's basically a centrist party now . 
  they also want to change that name . 
  yeah but not about ourselves . 
  we complained about austria , the bourbons , the pope or whatever ... but we are in charge since the unification . 
  scary !, 
  thanks , obama, 
  it 's like pokemon go . 
  we 're gon na catch 'em all, 
  we would complain anyway . 
  italy is complaining since 1861 . 
  the same way you lose to berlusconi in 1994 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_general_election,_1994 https://youtube.com/watch?v=dxeckzcgyya, 
  ital 's debt is huge but the point is not how big the debt is . 
  the point is if you are able to finance it . 
  look at japan and america , they have a huge debt but they are not on the verge of collapse because they are able to finance it . 
  same for italy as most of the creditos of the italian debt are italian , the deficit is not that high and the interest rates are low at the moment . 
  so i do n't see that as a risk . 
  the problem of italy is that our recovery is weak cause the big crisis caught us in a period in which we were already experiencing slow growth since years . 
  but this does not mean we are defaulting in the future . 
  the spanish debt is way smaller than that of italy and spain has excellent growth rates , so i do n't see these problems for them . 
  a problem for spain is the private the debt and the quantity and quality of jobs as they have unemployement rates even twice as big as those of france or italy . 
  is it enough ? 
  trump would have lost if florida and texas went to hillary, 
  i think that the french and dutch people rejected that because it was a gigantic burocratic set of treaties with thousands of articles . 
  i think this time we should try with something clear , smaller and able to reduce the democratic deficit . 
  i 'm in favor of a major democratic reform of the archictecture of the eu , but it will be hard to create a federation like the us as eu member states are likely to retain most of the power . 
  i will make an eu constitution , but this time a small one consisting of 100 articles or so . 
  a pan-european assembly where each state has a number of meps in proportion to its population . 
  this chamber will have the power on the eu exclusive competences . 
  a senate where each state has the same number of meps . 
  this chamber will have the powers regarding the eu shared competences . 
  a political cabinet that will replace the commision in being the sort of executive and having the role to propose legislation . 
  it will be elected through an electoral college elected with degressive proportionality . 
  we 'll vote for the whole ticket of commissioners under the candidacy of its president . 
  the european council will be the collegial head of state of the eu ( abolish the figure of the president of the european council and merge the eu council of head of governments and the eu council of ministers ) . 
  if texas turns blue and florida stops to be a swing state , it 's over for the republicans . 
  that escalated quickly, 
  i agree , but never say never . 
  renato does n't sound russian, 
  it is an exageration ... but individual european nations alone ca n't do shit at world level , on the other hand they can be effective as long as they are able to direct eu 's policies . 
  imagine germany alone imposing sanctions on turkey ... yeah it 's going to hurt turkey but is not the same thing as doing it as major bloc . 
  in the future i see the uk will play the role of a political bridge between the us and the eu . 
  but this will be true only if the eu survives the euroskeptic wave and if the us survives trump . 
  the eu is becoming a world 's policeman but since it does n't have guns , it prefers to fine countries . 
  the american cop is the one that shoots . 
  what are her precise plans regarding the eu ? 
  does she want to dismantle it ? 
  does she want a referendum ( that 's what she said after brexit ) ? 
  or maybe she just wants to `` change '' the eu ? 
  it 's really not clear to me at this point . 
  interesting wiki page about it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lexical_similarity the lexical similarity between italian and spanish is at 0.82 which is pretty high . 
  so are you implying that bin laden had nothing to do with 9/11 ? 
  more like jill stein but also trump . 
  i 'd say they are a mix of trump and jill stein, 
  looks to me that putin is crying like a baby over sanctions , recently . 
  i know . 
  i hope it 's not gon na happen though . 
  wilders ca n't form a coalition to become pm , le pen will probably lose the second round and the m5s may be fucked with both a yes or a no in the constitutional referendum we have next month ( long to explain ) . 
  going to correct that . 
  btw i 'm not saying i like all of this , i 'm just saying it is a possible scenario, 
  my predictions of what will happen in the coming years with the election of trump . 
  ukraine : there is going to be a russia-west agreement to end the war . 
  russia will keep crimea but it will have to stop support the other fighters in eastern ukraine . 
  ukraine will join the western bloc but sanctions are going to end . 
  syria : removing assad will not be a priority . 
  he is going to run in next presidential `` elections '' , maybe with international control . 
  russia will leave the anti-isis mission just to america at that point , as syria is going to remain in the russian sphere of influence . 
  international organisations : the g7 will become the g8 again , but russia will still be looked as dangerous by eastern europe and it will remain out of the parliamentary assembly of the council of europe . 
  eu/nato : the eu should progressively take some of the functions of nato and become more and more a military unon . 
  otherwise i do n't see european countries spending a lot of money in defense . 
  relationships within nato will remain unchanged though , in particular the the uk-us special relationship is going to be strenghtened . 
  edit : i 'm not saying i like all of this , i 'm just saying it 's a possible scenario, 
  saudi arabia 's military is pretty good . 
  no one knows, 
   no birth control well , there was obviously the `` natural '' way  could be sold into slavery or be freed , or have your own slaves , or buy them and then free them . 
  who knows  getting robbed or killed at any time , that can happen today too . 
   i can always play games :p now you really found something big that the romans did n't have :p, 
  the romans had awesome white teeths according to the studies made at pompeii . 
  even poor people . 
  you know germanicus later defeated that guy ( arminius ) and recaptured the eagles of the roman legions lost at teutoburg . 
  tiberius did n't order him to launch a conquest of the rest of germania ( despite germanicus ' requests ) simply because it was better just to secure the border and launch punitive expeditions like caesar did , as magna germania was of little value for rome . 
  he did [ cross the rhine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caesar%27s_rhine_bridges ) though and also made some punitive expeditions against germanic tribes there , but he did n't conquer them . 
  some say he did it only for glory at home , while others see it as an example of power projection to scare his opponents . 
  i should have used [ this image ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-40pqrkgkdnq/up31jffq5fi/aaaaaaaasie/rycfpgeatoa/s1600/cesare.jpg ) , since a couple of events are missing in this map : a ) the battle of the nile , which took place after pompey 's assassination by ptolomey xiii . 
  caesar removed him from power and secured the throne of egypt to ptolomey 's sister cleopatra . 
  b ) the battle of zela ( famous for caesar 's quote `` veni , vidi , vici '' ) which took place in modern turkey between roman forces and the kingdom of pontus . 
  i always found french vocabulary closer to italian than the spanish one . 
  france tried to have it after wwii but it was one of the few things that italy managed to keep at the treaty of paris in 1947 ( along with south tyrol and , you know , avoiding a prolonged occupation of the country ) . 
  well , italian politics is a disaster since the guelphs and the ghibelins , so i have to agree with you on that ... but c'mon we do have some degree of global soft power . 
  in terms of eu influence , there 's germany , then there 's france but then there 's italy . 
  on the other hand , it would be unfair if we had no north-south divide with all the things that come with it . 
  exactly . 
  oil drilling has nothing to do with earthquakes . 
   at 0:07 you can clearly that a staff memeber is showing macron where he has to stand for the group shot . 
   but although germany and italy both seek eu-wide solutions to the challenge of organized crime , they disagreed somewhat about how to proceed .
