  but one thing is true : at the beginning renzi was probably more interested in facing corruption ( he gave new powers to the national authority against corruption and the parliament has passed a couple of interesting laws ) . 
  he probably got more interested in other things because he is attacked every day on a wide range of issues and also beacuse that 's moslty the job of the judiciary . 
  when his majority introduced some norms against corruption and mafia ( 413ter ) he was criticized with no reason at all . 
  the opposion had the courage to say that those norms were counter-productive . 
  it 's also to be remembered that both berlusconi and grillo are inquired , and yet they say renzi is an abusive leader and stuff like that . 
  i like both davigo and renzi to be honest . 
  they are not polar opposite . 
  they do their ( different ) jobs . 
  i tgought they were are anti-nato but pro-eu, 
  again , that 's like lord voldemort stuff . 
  when insulting him , you just have to choose between `` you-know-who '' or `` he-who-must-not-be-named '' . 
  or maybe `` wormtail '' . 
  i cant choose . 
  `` you-know-who '' is such a huge piece of shit . 
  `` he-who-must-not-be-named '' is an asshole . 
  now i feel better and i hope i do not risk to be imprisoned . 
  shit . 
  death eaters are here . 
  i have to go . . 
  yeah they did n't need to build a wall back then . 
  good old days . 
  the president is not that important in military and foreign affaires though . 
  berlusconi invented this lie in order to explain why he failed to avoid the fall of geddafi in libya . 
  sorry , i am talking too much about berlusca . 
  anwyay , the president is the commander in chief , but that 's not so relevant cause it 's true also for the queen in britain or the minister of defence in germany . 
  10 years ago ( maybe more ) the parliament clarified that the president is the head of the armed forces in a `` cerimonial way '' . 
  in case of military actions , it 's the government that has control over it ( article 78 of the constitution ) and it 's the parliament to declare a military mission . 
  you mentioned the supreme council of defence but it is de facto and de jure co-chaired by the pm . 
  also , there is a strange thing in italy cause the pm is the man responsible for intelligence , he has a lot of powers in this field . 
  so even if you are the president , without intelligence informations you can not do much in foreign policy . 
  the president is very important in case of political instability though . 
  ask ukraine . 
  renzi is probably going to resign if the reform is rejected so the main argument used by the opposition is `` renzi go home '' . 
  at least that 's what i have heard from berlusconi 's mps . 
  i like this reform too . 
  i mean , it 's not perfect but it 's much better than today 's situation and it has a great political value . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are going towards the so-called third republic . 
  the campaign is going to be complicated cause the opposition is voting no in bloc and includes the far left , far right , five star movement , center-right parties including berlusconi and the northern league . 
  i am voting yes . 
  ukraine was part of the soviet union , poland `` just '' part of the varsaw pact . 
  that 's also a major difference . 
  this has changed in last years . 
  people are now interested in it . 
  we did not partecipated in eurovision for years , so everybody forgot what eurovision was . 
  this year , rai 1 . 
  lol , sorry my fault . 
  i was giving an answer to another user on a different social media ( facebook ) about this . 
  he mixed up politics and football and i was giving an answer to him . 
  thanks for letting me kmow . 
  i ca n't stop laughing . 
  lol . 
  gon na delete my comment . 
  edit : wrong social media . 
  good to hear that from a dumb ( american ) man . 
  now i 'm sure italian emgineers are the best . 
  that 's so british . 
  scaremongering stories are also used by the side backing brexit . 
  we conquered all of that . 
  awesome . 
  i consider it an intersting measure but ... just to make an example ... if you aks italians `` how many mulsims are there in italy ? '', 
  the average answer is 20 % / 12 million people !!!, 
  ( i 'm talking about true studies ) . 
  but we have two million muslims in italy , so perception can be really misleading in some cases . 
  did you see mogherini 's reaction ? 
  that is what we can do about it . 
  i 'm sorry , i understand her reaction , i like what she is doing about iran etc. . , i am pro-eu ... but that 's it . 
  isis cells have a better military/intelligence coordination than eu states . 
  that has to change . 
  do you have data about actual corruption ? 
  cause this is about corruption perception , which is an interesting measure but i 'm interesed in having some concrete data that i can not find . 
  as a european student , my heart is broken . 
  rip, 
  that 's because we are angry that the places we visit are not as beautiful as our homeland . 
  french is the closest language to italian https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lexical_similarity, 
  how is his fault ? 
  that 's pure bullshit . 
  i disagree . 
  kicking states out of the eu is not a solution at all . 
  i never understood why the americans disbanded the iraqi army . 
  that decision led to hundreds of thousands of armed iraqi citizens losing their job . 
  not that smart . 
  i may be na\u00efve but it 's not her duty at all . 
  there are 28 eu states . 
  if there is an institution that has the duty to speak on behalf of the whole eu , it 's the european commission . 
  what is juncker doing ? 
  oh and the germans can not take 1 million refugees a year . 
  it 's insane . 
  exactly, 
  cuase it 's a two round system : if there is no clear winner in the first round , `` a second round takes place two weeks after the first one : this time electors receive a ballot where they are allowed to choose between the two parties that received most votes in the first round . 
  the party winning the second round is attributed the majority of seats , and the remaining seats are allocated to the other parties in a proportional fashion , according to the results of the first round . '', 
  no clear winner . 
  this is what happened in italy for years and it is now happening all over the eu . 
  this is why we have adopted `` italicum '' . 
  one article against academic consensus . 
  i 'm sorry but he was italian . 
  most academics agree with that and that 's what virtually every encyclopedia says . 
  of course a minority ( a minority ) of academics say that he was spanish . 
  but the general opinion is that he was italian . 
  i am fine with the fact that the world knows he was italian and you are fine with spain thinking he was spanish . 
  so we are both ok .
