  europe is not america nor russia , it should work not for supremacy but for peace and stability cause that 's what good for europe ( if you look at migration , economy etc. . ), 
  i can say who is our ally in ukraine : it 's poroshenko , he is in favor of sanctioning russia , so let 's sanction russia . 
  i can agree with that , ukraine wants to join the eu so the eu clearly has to take his side . 
  tell me who is our political ally in sirya . 
  a coherent foreign policy is one in which you support a side , it 's not about `` who is our enemy now ? 
  if merkel gives a shit , why does n't she shut down nord stream ? 
  and it 's also about method ... foreign ministers on monday agreed on that text with no references to sanctions ( including germany ) ... then merkel and hollande changed their mind and introduced the word `` sanctions '' ( i 'm still trying to figure it out how , with no consensus ) ... so renzi said he does n't ratify such a decision ... it 's that simple . 
  it sounds like `` bruschetta '' in english ( brusceetah ), 
  i know , italy has its share of responsability . 
  to be honest , berlusconi and the defense minister were against an intervention ... the ones in favour of it were the foreign minister frattini ( he wanted to be the nato secretary general ) and president napolitano ( who wanted to preserve the reputation of italy ) . 
  the defense minister has always been an idiot and berlusconi was extremely weak in 2011 ( scandals etc ) ... so he lost the argument both in europe and in italy . 
  once the intervention was decided , italy had to take part in it , in order to defend its interests and preserve its role in libya . 
  the italian democratic party was also in favor of an intervention at the time . 
  and i have to be honest , i also thought the intervention was the right thing to do at the time , i thought berlusconi was against the intervention only because of his relationship with gaddafi . 
  the answer is easy : sarko and his `` grandeur '' thing ... and what a mess is libya now . 
  you have to be an idiot to think you can stabilize a country in a civil war by removing the only man able to control hundreds of different tribes . 
  or better , you can also remove him but you have to replace him with someone you trust and buy ( literally , with money ) the various groups of the country . 
  let 's hope it 's not too late . 
  libya is not a nation , it 's an artificial invention created in 1934 by mussolini that decided to merge the colonies of italy in north africa through a bloody `` pacification '' . 
  withouth gaddafi , the only think that still keeps the country together is oil : otheriwse it would defintely break up in tripolitania , cyrenaica , fezzan and now probably a jihadistan somewhere . 
  bruscita, 
  wait , i 'm all for english ... and i think it 's well-known that english is the `` number one '' option ... i was talking about why french is the alternative in the event in which we do not want to use english for the specfic brexit talks ( and not spanish or german ) i think we should mantain all languages as official , but we also have to adopt english as the eu lingua franca and with britain out , that may be easier to do ( as it 's not going to be perceived as an advantage to the uk ), 
  i agree with you on that . 
  but we are not in latin america . 
  we are in europe , where spanish is spoken by 46 million people in spain and andorra . 
  french is spoken by +70 million between belgium , switzerland , luxembourg , andorra and it 's an official language of the council of europe and ocse . 
  and eu institutions are in french-speaking areas : brussels , strasbourg , luxembourg . 
  i 've heard him saying something a bit different , he said he is sure brussels will not object cause there 's no reason to do it . 
  the point is the deficit , the government has in its mind a 2.3 % deficit next year , the commission reccomended a 2.2 % ... now ... a debate on a 0,1 % looks out of this world . . there 's probably something else behind ( probably the usual pro-austerity and anti-austerity thing going on ), 
  i confirm , it 's `` la brexit '', 
  that 's certainly not true in europe, 
  it 's already largely financed by the eu commission and by eu members . 
  so i think it should become an eu body , but still open to non-eu members ( like other eu policies : schengen , eea etc. . ), 
  i mean that 's the left-wing in italy ... it 's very similar to the democratic party of the us ( it 's called democratic party too btw ) : it 's a mix of liberals and socialists . 
  then there 's a very small left-wing party called `` italian left '' but i do n't think they like obama and they are also becoming increasing euroskeptic/populist so they do n't like the us anyway, 
  it does have weight . 
  for the right-wing obama is a sort of demon that has destroyed libya against italian interests , in favour of france . 
  for the centre-left obama is an anti-austerity and pro-growth god that will be rembembered as one of the best us presidents ever , while the eu has not been able to achieve his results . 
  that 's debatable too, 
  i was n't talking about italy ( that never went bankrupt in its history as a united nation btw ) . 
  and it looks like you are the one that should leave the eurozone , you said you want just a single market ... so leave the eu and join efta . 
  it was a joke cause it 's red ... but it 's true that the optimates claimed to be the elite representing the conservative class while the populares claimed to represent the plebeians and called for progressive reforms such as the agrarian laws . 
  i know it was rejected , that 's why i said we should try again with something different because that was n't really a true constitution : it was just this complicated set of treaties . 
  if we reduce the eu just to trade then it 's just an european `` ttip '' and we do not need an eu in the first place . 
  i want less burocracy , more politics . 
  so i want a bigger union when it comes to big issues : international relations , energy , investments and huge crises . 
  and a smaller union when it comes to small issues like controlling the shape of a banana or if a nation spends 0,1 % more or less than the 3 % . 
  of deficit . 
  eu reform is needed and i think most states know that . 
  the point is : what kind of reform ? 
  i think we need less of a burocratic/technocratic europe and more of a social/political europe . 
  does merkel want this ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'd also try again with a eu constitution to confirm with a europe-wide referendum . 
  a simple constitution this time , one consting of 100 articles , that a ) describes our freedoms and our rights as eu citizens b ) increases the role of the parliament and cuts the democratic deficit, 
  basically 45 bc was the last time the left controlled most of europe/s, 
  i was curious cause he made a couple of movies as a director and disappeared ... 
  we all had an heart attack, 
  where is he now ? 
  do n't worry my grandfather says it really was just vandalism ... 455 best year of his life despite the sack . 
  i do n't understand ... it has no legal consequences but it needs a quorum to be valid ? 
  valid for what , if it 's not legal binding ?? 
  it 's simply a propaganda move of orban . 
  splitting the atom since 1921 https://it.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/xvii_congresso_del_partito_socialista_italiano#, 
  the budget does n't really matter just like man-power does n't really matter . 
  power projection is what matters , but it 's hardly measurable . 
  again ? 
  holy shit we have the same color of germany ... 
  then why are you voting no ? 
  but my point still stands . 
  if no wins , the senate is going to mantain its power to vote the confidence to the government . 
  at the moment , the senate has a complicated electoral law that makes impossible to have a government that is not a result of a grand coalition ( like monti or letta or renzi ) . 
  so if no wins you are going to have this kind of governments for a long period of time . 
  if yes wins , you are going to choose the political party you want to govern in the next elections without `` surprises '' . 
  actually netherlands is very important . i 'd be much more worried of a nexit rather than brexit , cause the netherlands is a founding member of the eu and it 's always been very influent in benelux and european integration , unlike britain . 
  and in fact , our government officials talked about the dutch elections of 2017 various times . 
  what is wilders proposing ? 
  the ones following him are also going to be `` not voted into office '' since we dont make this kind of reform . 
  me too , because of french , german elections and the new us presidency starting . 
  i also think it 's important to not go back to unstable governments cause in 2017 we have a seat in the unsc , we have the g7 presidency and there 's gon na be an eu summit in rome for the 60 years of the eu . 
  i expect that to be a key moment for the current eu agenda . 
  no he is still popular for italian standards ( like 30-32 % ) . 
  but all other parties from the far left to the far right are voting no . 
  even the minority of the renzi 's democrat party is voting no . 
  if yes wins , italy is likely to finally resolve the problem of instability though cause that 's what the constitutional reform is about basically . 
  this does n't make any sense cause it 's not a referendum on the government . 
  you 're going to have back grand coalitions with berlusconi and d'alema . 
  good luck with that . 
  a ) on budget laws the chamber prevails with an absolute majority . 
  it 's not a complicated quailfied majority to reach ( it 's much more complicated for the senate to reach that majority since it is elected in a proportional way ) . 
  is n't it the same thing today ? 
  both chambers have to vote budget laws with an absolute majority , today . 
  the real change is that the chamber will prevail . 
  if the senate is able to reach that qualified majority and the chamber is not , then the chamber will likely accept the changes proposed by the senate . 
  so it 's not unresolvable . 
  and i doubt it 's going to happen . 
  b ) a party with 30 % will win only if it wins more of the 50 % of votes in a second round with the second party . 
  this law was made to make grand coalitions impossible . 
  anyway i 'm much more worried about the electoral law of the senate which will force us in grand coalitions forever . 
  if no wins the electoral law is going to stay there anyway with the larger risk to mantain that senat with that electoral law .
