  ok our debt is 135 % gdp etc. ... but italy has a low share of public debt held by non-residents and the country 's national wealth is four times larger than its public debt . 
  a situation very similar to that of japan , a country with an even bigger debt . 
  japan did not fell . 
  why should we ? 
  i agree that there is a problem in the whole eurozone which is the lack of growth . 
  morocco is stable . 
  libya is a failed state now with two parliaments , a lot of different armed groups etc . 
  it is not even a state . 
  it 's actually made up by three different former italian colonies : cyrenaica , tripolitania and fezzan . 
  in 1934 , mussolini merged these three regions and created `` libya '' , reviving the historical name for northwest africa , from the ancient greek \u039b\u03b9\u03b2\u03cd\u03b7 . 
  after decolonisation , the only thing that mantained libya a single state was gaddafi . 
  italy tried a lot of times to save gaddafi . 
  during the 1986 united states bombing of libya , muammar gaddafi and his family rushed out of their residence in their compound moments before americans bombs dropped . 
  the italian prime minister bettino craxi was the person who actually warned gaddafi . 
  berlusconi gave to gaddafi 5 million euros to keep migrants in libya . 
  and it actually worked , altough most of italians ( including me ) opposed it . 
  i think this is the reason why merkel hopes that giving 3 billion euros to turkey can solve the situation in turkey . 
  giving the fact that most italians had a negative attitude against gaddafi in 2011 , berlusconi changed his mind and bombed libya along with obama , cameron etc giving italian bases in sicily to all nato members . 
  the italian president , the italian opposition and even members of his own cabinet were all in favour of the nato mission in libya so berlusconi was forced to partecipate in the nato operation . 
  italy obtained the naval command of the operation , and therefore everybody was happy . 
  except we knew what it was going to happen . 
  here 's what gaddafi said in 2011 : `` the regime here in libya is fine . 
  it is stable . 
  i want to make myself understood : if one threatens [ libya ] , if one seeks to destabilize [ libya ] , there will be chaos , bin laden , armed factions . 
  that is what will happen . 
  you will have immigration , thousands of people will invade europe from libya . 
  and there will no longer be anyone to stop them . 
  bin laden will base himself in north africa and will leave mullah omar in afghanistan and pakistan . 
  you will have bin laden at your door step . '', 
  change the word `` bin laden '' with `` isis '' and you have the perfect description of what we have today . 
  the only thing to do is to stabilize libya and i think this is what italy ( and europe ) has to do . 
  italy has no history of sovereign default . 
  the british empire is gone . 
  gone . 
  renzi became pm basically because he became the leader of the democratic party through open primary elections . 
  the leader of the major party in the parliament should be the pm in my opinion . 
  of course he could have let letta finish his job ... but that 's politics . 
  same happened in britain with gordon brown and australia this very year but in both countries there were no open primary elections . 
  is n't politico biased ? 
  maybe you are right on referendums but juncker was chosen by merkel and shultz by a bunch of people in a pes congress so we do not have primary elections . 
  and that is surprising considering we do not even need to change the treaties to do that . 
  i mean open primary elections like the ones we have in italy or the american model . 
  i am saying this , because the italian government proposed this a week ago or something . 
  `` cross the line ... maybe there 's a day , maybe there 's a time , maybe there 's a day you will be mine '' https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=we1ivue6klo, 
  ok good proposals but we need to reduce the democratic deficit first . 
  this is the only way to defeat anti-europeanism . 
  there are a lot of things we can do such as 1 ) establishing pimary elections in order to choose the candidates to the presidency of the eu commission 2 ) giving to the european parliament parliament the same powers of the eu council . 
  3 ) creating european referendums on european issues . 
  i am talking about simple things that can actually destroy euroskepticism if implemented . 
  the v4 blamed greece in the first place . 
  however i agree we need a plan , but that of the v4 is not a plan either . 
  to be honest i have heard one good ( and complicated ) proposal coming from various eu states , including the v4 , and that is : creating hot spots in libya and turkey . 
  easy to say , hard to do . 
  absolutely true, 
  i doubt saudi arabia , america and iran agree . 
  1 ) i would like to elimate the mafia and related stuff such as corruption , tax evasion , organized crime etc. 
  2 ) i would like to eliminate our inferiority complex . 
  germany , italy and japan do npt usually do special operations raids in foreign countries because of their post-war constitutions . 
  `` only paris is worthy of rome ; only rome is worthy of paris . 
  and they have the same problem in calais, 
  lessons of geograpfhy 1 ) the italian peninsula is southern europe 2 ) northern italy is central europe 3 ) all of italy is western europe . 
  nope , italy is bigger and more relevant than spain as one of the big four . 
  and i have seen other polls of pew research whit a lot of small countries but still not italy . 
  they probably do not do polls in italy and i do know which is the reason . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_four_ ( european_union ), 
  you need to learn more about the eu, 
  greece did not leave because the referendum was not about the euro tbh, 
  pew research always exclude italy ... i wonder why, 
  it is true italy and russia have always had excellent relations . 
  despite this , i don ' t see renzi forming an alliance with orban but he is defintely pissed because the european commission did two things : 1 ) the commission killed south stream ( aimed at bringing russian gas across the black sea to italy ) . . 2 ) the commissiom supports nord stream 2 ( aimed at bringing russian gas across the baltic sea to germany ) . 
  italy 's position is the same of germany . 
  and we also both want russia back at the g8 . 
  so i do not understand why is italy criticicized and germany is not . 
  double standards ? 
  both renzi and merkel have the same policy towards russia , they both want russia back at the g8 and they both want a dialogue with russia . 
  i am not saying it is right , i am just saying this is italy 's position and it is also germany 's position . 
  italians have excellent relations with russia since the renaissance , when italian artists did build the kremiln ... we also had good relations during the cold war and we use to be one their main partners . 
  there are also two italians : matteo messina denaro , current `` godfather '' of cosa nostra and ernesto fazzalari , killer of the ` ndrangheta . 
  it also appears that this time we are going to lead the international mission in libya instead of france or britain . 
  we are not used to it because we have a constitution rejecting the concept of war such as the constitution of japan ... and we have a public opion similar to that of germany with respect to military operations . 
  and all of this is because our nations lost wwii . 
  but still italy managed to lead some operations in the past and it 's time again for us to do something ( maybe stabilizing the area of tripoli ) since libya is a former italian colony and no one wants france to lead an operation in libya again . 
  mark my word . 
  this is the list of `` europe 's most wanted men '' . 
  not yet . 
  great news, 
  right , to complete the story , it 's the eu commission that killed south stream . 
  in june 2014 , bulgaria stopped construction due to the european commission 's infringement procedure against bulgaria for non-compliance with european rules on energy competition public procurements . 
  let 's also remember who was the european commissioner for energy back then : g\u00fcnther oettinger ( germany , cdu ) . 
  because of sanctions against russia , the european commission opposed south stream and `` recommended a search for alternative sources of gas supplies for the european union '' . 
  at that point , russia cancelled the project . 
  in the last eu summit , renzi asked juncker why germany is free to violate the rules and why is n't there any infrigment procedure against germany for nord stream ii . 
  and the only country supporting the german position was the netherlands . 
  so it 's kinda `` two weights and two meseaures '' . 
  for the commission it 's ok if germany has a greater role in eu energetic sector ... and at the same time it is bad if italy has a greater role . 
  renzi and putin are negotiating a possible inclusion of saipem ( a subsidiary of eni ) in the nord stream ii project . 
  in that case , italy may be in favour of nord stream ii . 
  otherwise there is no way italy is going to pay for gas going through germany . 
  if i remember well ... a senator proposed an amendment that absorbed all the computer-generated 82 million amendements . 
  so they had to print only one proposal .
