  you say that italy is only criticising but italy made a lot of proposals . 
  eu navfor med ( operation sophia ) was launched only because of italy . 
  most germans have been brainwashed by their media telling them bad things about italy everyday ... that 's why you can not think of italy as an influential country . 
  the point is that germany does not recognize us as an influential nation while countries much more important than germany do . 
  and that 's frustratinh !, 
  why our own european allies do not want us to have a great role in europe ? 
  and the answer is : cause they ( germany ) want to dominate . 
  i have no other answers for that . 
  and i am sorry but our `` business index '' ( which is improving btw but i know german media tell only bad things about italy ) has nothing to do with this . 
  and our north-south divide has nothing to do with this ( germany has west-east divide too ) . 
  without italy there is no eu . 
  italy is asking for respect . 
  otherwise why should we respect germany ? 
  i mean renzi wants to know if germany is a partner or a competitor . 
  if they do not want a country the size of italy to be influential , it 's only because they see us as a competitor . 
  the point is not that . 
  i dont know if you know little of european and italian politics . 
  it seems that you are not really aware of the current political situation in italy and europe so you did not get what renzi said . 
  renzi is against a franco-german-german-german axis dominating the eu , not against the franco-german bilateral relations . 
  the second part of your comment is just a bunch of sthereotypes . 
  italy respects all eu rusles and it 's doing the reforms . 
  it 's like saying that i do not want to talk with germans because they are nazi and they have major problems in the east of the country . 
  `` if italy wants to be influential '' ... why is italy considered influential to be part of the g8 or the nato quint but not enough to be considered influential by germany . 
  it 's germany that does not want an influential italy just like they do not want an influential britain . 
  germany likes the things how they are going on right now ... merkel decides , she has a press conference with hollande while renzi and cameron should accept that . 
  renzi is simply saying `` errr ... no , just no '' . 
  that 's the reason . 
  italy and japan had permanent seats in the league of nations . 
  they lost their seat because they lost wwii along with germany while russia and china gained a seat . 
  you are wrong . 
  italy was not considered a second-rate power . 
  it was dubbed the sixth power after the risorgimento and its unufication ( the five powers were austria , france , britain , russia and prussia/germany ) . 
  it later became part of the triple alliance in 1882 and one of the eight-nation alliance in 1900 and one of the principal allied powers in world war i. 
  it was part of the league of nations security council during the interwar period and one of the three main axis powers before world war ii . 
  the italian empire at its peak included libya , somalia , eritrea , ethiopia , the dodecanese islands and tientsin . 
  i have studied international relations a bit and in the worst case historically italy is to be seen as the `` least of the major powers '' but not a second-rate power . 
  i agree but i wont blame the euro for that . 
  we did not make any reforms , this is why we had no growth in the last 15 years . 
  i am pretty sure our economy is going to grow more now , at least according to the imf data for 2016 . 
  a 1.5 % growth next year would be like a new beginning for us . 
  they are paying most of the eu budget . 
  true . 
  what about france ? 
  the second largest net contributor ? 
  and what about the third largest net contributor ? 
  italy ? 
  wait , italy ? 
  no come on that 's not possible . 
  little italy is a net contributor ? 
  no way . . didnt they they bail out ? 
  what you mean , no ? 
  i mean little italy is just mafia , they have nothing to do with europe , right ? 
  what ? 
  they are a founding member ? 
  what ? 
  the treaty of rome was signed in italy ? 
  the motto `` united in diversity '' was insipired by an italian ? 
  that 's not possible . . i am in shock ... i 'll kill myself ... that 's what a good north european will do ... 
  everyone knows that a commission led by the european people 's party has double standards , by definition . 
  this time they felt bad that they ignored such an enourmous issue and accepted the relocation plan ( without implementing it ) . 
  i still hope in a federal europe where things can change . 
  maybe vote socialist next time so we dont have the same thing we had in the last 10 years , because it 's not leading us towards a federal europe . 
  this is why italy is involved in trying to stabilize libya . 
  you are right i forgot the unsc . 
  i did not mention it because it does not include germany . 
  of course britain and france have a better militarly . 
  historically , italy was part of the league of nations ' security council after we won world war i ( with britain , france and japan ) . 
  then mussolini did the disaster . 
  btw i was just saying that there is currently no group where there are only three eu states germany , britain and france . 
  there was one ( the p5 + 1 ) and it was berlusconi that declined the offer to partecipate in the talks . 
  g8 , g20 , quint , contact group , syria talks ... i have mentioned a lot of groups where all four ( and only the eu big four ) are included . 
  italians suffer an enourmous inferiority complex that 's true . 
  he is saying that the first row is germany/france/uk and the second row is italy/spain/poland . 
  while its more like this . 
  first row ( economy ) : germany , france , britain , italy ( the big four accoriding to the oecd , all g8 members ) ; second row ( economy ) : poland , spain ( only guests at the g20 ) . 
  first row ( military ) : britain and france ( nato quint , won world world ii and they have nukes ) ; second row ( military ) : germany , italy ( nato quint , nuclear sharing , lost world war ii , germany spends more than italy , italy has more troops and a couple of aircraft carriers ) . 
  third row ( military ) : poland and spain . 
  benelux is not a country on his own otherwise i 'd include it . 
  italy is the least of the big four . 
  my idea is that renzi wants to create hot spots in northern libya . 
  you see the point then . 
  the americans and the russians have a better opinion of italy than the one germany has . 
  is n't that a shame for europe ? 
  i am just trying to explain the italian point of view . 
  italy is not weak . 
  in theory it is actually powerful . 
  it is one of the eu big four ( see wiki or even the oecd website ) . 
  that 's what the all data show ( net wealth , population , gdp and yes even the military ) . 
  but i dont want to repeat that for the third time . 
  on the other hand italy has a very bad reputation among his own european partners . 
  that 's certainly true and most europeans hate italy ( politically ) . 
  just to give you an example that i already made : the four eu states involved in the syria peace talks are germany , france , britain and italy . 
  germany , france and britain were against italy 's partecipation in the talks while the us and russia were in favour . 
  at the end the american and russian position prevailed and we were accepted to the talks . 
  imagine how frustrating is to see your own european friends trying to kick you out of the talks . 
  that 's why a lot of people are pro-us or pro-russia here and not ( unfortunatelyl ) pro-eu . 
  see nato quint , g8 , g20 , contact group , syria peace talks . 
  in all important groups italy is included along with britain , france and germany . 
  the only one is the european union . 
  and italy is a founding member and the third contributor .
