  now you see why renzi is frustrated . 
  that 's not true . 
  look at my comment . 
  italy is in the g8 just like germany , france and britain . 
  italy is in the nato quint just like france , germany and britain . 
  you can not say itali is in the 2nd row with spain and poland . 
  it 's factually wrong . 
  altough a lot of people in germany have this pre-coded thing in their mind ... italy never bailed out , it is the third largest net conrtibutor and a founding member . 
  spain and poland are not even in the g20 . 
  just type nato quint meeting ... obama considers italy an important country while germany does not . 
  that 's a shame for europe . 
  that 's what makes ( unfortunately ) a lot of people in italy pro-us rather than pro-eu . 
  russia and america consider italy in the fisrt row while our own european partners do not . 
  that 's frustrating . 
  just to give you an example : italy , france , britain and germany are the four eu states currently involved in the syria peace talks . 
  we ere included in the talks only thanks to russia and the us . 
  germany , britain and france were against our partecipation . 
  imagine how ridicolous and frustrating is to see your own eu allies against you . 
  our economy is big and so is our population but a lot of people need to educate themselves to understand the size of italy . 
  the `` big four of the european union '' ( take a look on wikipedia ) include italy , in theory . 
  italy is a g8 country like britain france and germany . 
  take a look at what the nato quint is and you will realize that the us has italy in high consideration ( it 's a contact group that includes the `` big four '' and the usa ) . 
  the current syria peace talks include only four eu states : britain , germany , france and italy . 
  a lot of people do not know that italy was also invited to partecipate to the iran talks . 
  berlusconi declined the offer ( dunno why , he is stupid ) . 
  spain is the fifth most important nation of the eu but historically they dont care a lot about european issues ( i mean . . to give you an historical example they remained neutral in both world wars ) . 
  italy is the third net contibutor , a founding member ( treaty of rome ! ), 
  and italy never bailed out despite what some ignorant people think . 
  spain and poland are not even in the g20 . 
  and that 's the whole point renzi is making . 
  what germany is doing to italy is unfair considering that italy has always been in favour of a federal europe while germany simply wants an intergovernmemtal europe led by germany . 
  that was cheeseburger, 
  yes , i was talking about the election of juncker . 
  i do n't think it 's undemocratic but it 's perceived as such . 
  an electoral college would make it possible to both vote for the candidate and not let the big states choose it . 
  `` grab them by the ( va ) gjyna '', 
  `` tremendous country . 
  very very very beautiful country . 
  china is better though , cause china is china . 
  i mean , it 's china . 
  luxembourg is tremendous , but china has such a beautiful great wall . 
  love china '', 
  i have a proposal : let 's elect the commission president through an electoral college like the one they have in america . 
  it looks kinda outdated for america but it may work here , as we are probably less integrated than america in 1789 when they invented the electoral college . 
  it looks good to me , cause a direct election would favour the big states , while the current system is considered ( rightly or wrong ) undemocratic . 
  berlusconi disapproves this message, 
  it is n't really about the reform of the senat at this point . 
  renzi is going to resign if no wins . 
  at that point we 'll probably have a government similar to that of renzi ( but weaker ) for 2017 . 
  then no one will have a majority in the non-reformed senate in 2018 . 
  so a no is likely to cause a period of 3-4 years of instability . 
  on the other hand , the oppositions fear that a yes is going to strengthen renzi since basically everyone is against this referendum cause they want him gone ( the minority of his own democratic , some junior partners of his government , berlusconi , the northern league , the far left , the far right , the old establishment , the populist movements etc. 
  we are not certainly going to leave . 
  but my opinion is that grillo is very similar to trump . 
  actually i 'd say trump is a mix of berlusconi , grillo and salvini . 
  while renzi is a mix of obama and hillary . 
  italy uses the eu flag kinda everywhere though . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  no one is proposing to leave the eu . 
  northern league has 15 % of the votes and it wants to exit the euro , not the eu . 
  and btw you ca n't leave the euro without leaving the eu according to the european treaties ( unless you get an opt-out , which means reform the whole eu just for italy , wo n't happen ) the five star movement wants referendum on the euro , not the eu . 
  and some of them want a strategy like that of cameron , get a deal regarding austerity and then campaign for a remain in the eurozone . 
  but even so , our constitution makes it impossible to have a referendum on international matters . 
  they should pass a constitutional law in order to have a consultive referendum , like we did in 1989 when italy approved a more closer union with a large amount of votes . 
  and to pass a constitutional law you need : a ) 2/3 of the parliament , or b ) an absolute majority of the parliament , in that case you need a referendum for approving the constitutional law ( a referendum on having a referendum ... omg ) . 
  also , majority of italians do n't want to leave the eu or the euro . 
  i wo n't say renzi 's actions are euroskeptics . 
  he has always had an anti-austerity rethoric saying `` europe must change etc. '' . 
  the difference is that we are going to a referendum where he has everyone against him , so he is much more `` aggressive '' in italy and europe . 
  yeah i 've noticed that . 
  that of palazzo chigi was also removed . 
  btw the office is nice . 
  i do n't know if this is some sort of popular strategy since he is fighting with juncker or just normal flags moving around . 
  also , the european flag is still outside the palace and outside public buildings . 
  uhm no . 
  this is new to me . 
  i totally disagree . 
  the italian parliament is not productive . 
  it 's actually uneffective and unuseful , probably the worst in europe . 
  most laws are government 's decrees and the parliament only transforms them into law . 
  the parliament is fast in doing that and that 's why yout think that our parliament is not slow . 
  but this is a shitty situation cause it 's the government that has `` de facto '' legislative power in italy . 
  also , italian governments are unstable . 
  so we change a government every 2 years and you have a new mass of decrees , decisions are not stable and laws are uneffective . 
  the reform fix this shitty situation . 
  at this point , it 's probably in his interest too . 
  nope , the electoral law is not part of the constitution . 
  the minority of the democratic party is voting no at the referendum and it asked renzi to change the electoral law and he finally agreed but only after the referendum ( it 's late now , our parliament is slow and government ca n't pass an executive action or a decree regarding the electoral law ) so some of them are still voting no . 
  i do n't dislike italicum , but it will change anyway at this point given the agreement in the democratic party . 
  my comment it 's pretty clear . 
  the senate will have an electoral law , so senators are elected . 
  and they are also people already elected as regional representatives or mayors ( this job is not something else , the new senate will be an assembly representing the territories they govern ) so they are elected twice . 
  it will be the most democratic senate in europe . 
  current senate in undemocratic , people under25 ca n't vote for it and senator must be over40 as of now . 
  btw i ca n't believe you said our parliament works just fine . 
  it 's the worst in europe . 
  it 's so inefficient that laws have to be passed through governmennt 's decrees and that two different majorities , one in the chamber and one in the senate , have the same powers, 
  if yes wins i 'll have an orgasm . 
  can you imagine berlusconi , grillo , d'alema the far left , the far right , the old christian democracy , monti , that ridicolous centrist party which is udc ... all losing at the same time ? 
  omg , yes yes yes just kidding , i 'm voting yes because i think the reform will give us a more efficient democracy and probably more stability .
