in portugal it 's also the same.skyscrapers would stick out like a sore thumb and lisbon has one of the biggest earthquake hazards in europe so buildings ca n't be taller than [ this ] ( http://cdn.olhares.pt/client/files/foto/big/351/3515358.jpg ), 
  well.the westernmost place in all of europe is still in [ portugal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monchique_islet ) . 
  inshallah my fellow muslim . 
  there 's nothing more portuguese than an easyjet plane, 
  he 's talking about portugal you tool ... 
  it 's the westernmost country in europe even if you do n't take into account the azores, 
  the clothing , people , setting and architecture are off . 
  i just find it weird because the iberian kingdoms had [ very western armor and weapons ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/71/04/2f/71042f6e8ef492a3dbae5704793e946b--medieval-armor-dark-ages.jpg ) and more at least than [ poland / romania/other eastern europe ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/68/51/f4/6851f4c7728fd00d948cd75603108781.jpg ) countries, 
  sorry to disappoint you but dorne is supposed to be al-andalus and not modern/christian iberia . 
  morocco fits it better especially because the people from dorne look north african ( heavy tan ), 
  [ or ... ] https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_christ_ ( portugal ) ), 
  [ or ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_christ_ ( portugal ) ), 
  [ or ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/order_of_christ_ ( portugal ) ), 
  that explains your username, 
  he 's not bashing him for not being pure.and i do n't see the relation between his opinion and his country . 
  according to wikipedia  in 2011 , with the total population being 9,562,556 , roughly 15 % of the population was born abroad , 5 % of the population was born in sweden to two parents born abroad , and another 7 % was born in sweden to one parent born abroad . 
  resulting in 27 % of the swedish population being of at least partly foreign descent the probability of a person in sweden not being `` pure '' ( not fully native ) is higher than in portugal . 
  portuguese is spoken in south america and africa.it does not make us a transcontinental country, 
  the portuguese golden age came after the iberian union during the early 1700s . the iberian union did n't kill our empire , in fact it 's responsible for brazil having a bigger size thqn it should, 
  do n't greeks have a more modern alternative?all this ancient history obsession is petty, 
  it was your government that issued that intervention right?they really do n't want to push forward.if they do n't want to adopt the euro at least they should be buying their own currency, 
  he got support of the nobility of portugal, 
  are you guys getting closer to adopting the euro or the opposite ? 
  surely having a currency with more value hurts your exports but increase your people 's purchasing value ? 
  they have the same population as us ( have 5 % less unemployment ) however ,83 % of their gdp comes from exports compared to our 40 % , their public sector comprises 35 % of their employment while ours only 16 % . our state barely stays afloat with the wages of their civil servants so it would n't surprise me that the czech government fears raising wages and reducing their financial stability and of their public sector , being an export driven economy ( a `` mini-china '' ) i think it would be better for the czech government to prepare for future fluctuations of the market, 
  i 've been to multiple funerals , rarely there is food served.you come after lunch and leave before dinner, 
  of course it had to be a map including the portuguese empire . 
  iberia is the greek name and hispania is the roman name.spaniards called themselves espa\u00f1a . 
  the kingdom of espa\u00f1a included aragon , castilla , two sicillies and the spanish netherlands.portugal united with espa\u00f1a and their respective domains aswell . 
  nope.only the kingdom of aragon , castille , spanish netherlands and two sicillies were part of spain, 
  people called the agglomerate of aragon , castille y le\u00f3n , spanish netherlands and two sicillies the empore of spain ( popularly , probably not officially ) when the portuguese empore joined in became the kingdom of portugal and the popularly named kingdom of spain to which were part of it , the kingdom of aragon , two sicillies , spanish netherlands and castille . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it was a different game from before . 
  like it was said before , the iberian union was a union of the crown of portugal and the spanish crown ( aragon , castille , spanish netherlands , two sicillies ), 
  king phillip i of portugal ( phillip ii of spain ) was the uncle and heir of the portuguese king sebastian i.sebastian died without children so his uncle was his heir.the portuguese nobility supported phillip in exhange for being treated as an equal to the empire of spain ( aragon , castille y le\u00f3n , spanish netherlands , two sicillies ) . 
  the third and last king of the house of phillip in portugal attempted to unite the two empires and the portuguese quickly supported a [ new house ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_braganza ) and revolted, 
  boy , you are dense . 
  you just disregarded every fucking thing i posted here . 
  can you tell me if the kingdom of aragon during the iberian union had their own military , government , colonies ? 
  depends.they always use the best bulls , which are the more angry , active ones.they do n't kill them because the meat is useless . 
  we also use other bulls for [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drtap9gzgum ) which is basically us running away from bulls.like 30 % of the audience is actually foreigners ( diaspora from the usa , canada ) that go there during holidays, 
  no it was not , there was a viceroy here.there was different legislation and the nobility was all portuguese  relating to the particular government of the kingdom of portugal itself . 
  during the union of the kingdom of portugal to the spanish monarchy , the spanish hasburgs on the whole respected the pledges made at thomar in 1581 to allow considerable portuguese autonomy and to respected the territories of its empire . 
  public offices were reserved for portuguese subjects at home and overseas . 
  the king was represented at lisbon sometimes by a governor and sometimes by a viceroy . 
  so , spain left the administration of portugal and its empire largely to the portuguese themselves , under general supervision from madrid channeled through a viceroy in lisbon, 
  we bought [ 5 fucking planes for this ] ( http://www.cavok.com.br/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/kc-390-em-gavi%c3%a3o-peixoto-s%c3%a3o-paulo-foto-%e2%80%93-sgt-batista-for%c3%a7a-a%c3%a9rea-brasileira-3.jpg ) . do you think as soon as a fire appears every fireman in the country magically teleports into the region?you need to transport them first . 
  this is not crusader kings bro.the kingdom of portugal was separate to the kingdom of spain ( which included castilla & leon , aragon and the netherlands ) but they were ruled by the same king.the king even proposed to move the capital to lisbon.the portuguese kept conquering/colonizing places around the world under the portuguese name and after the restoration war ( portugal broke from the union ) and kept the regions it colonized such as the lands at the west of the line of tordesillas ( originally meant for spain ) . 
  in portugal we put rubber around the horns and velcro on his back so we can stick the spears on the velcro ( this happens in most bullfighting in portugal ) and we do n't kill the bull . 
  it 's true , the bull lives happier and for the rest of his life . 
  furthermore , nobody can assure that the `` animal rights '' ( if they ha e any ) of cows and bulls waiting to be butchered are assured, 
  what?that channel is like number 200s on most cable tvs.you guys listen to our radios even though the government of spain officially does not support it ( only in extremadura ), 
  if you 're reffering to the iberian union ( when you mention the '' gon na be ours soon enough '' ) , it still was not part of the kingdom of spain but part of the kingdom of portugal , besides , we got alot of land west of the '' line '' when we got that bigger chunk of brazil, 
  that 's factually wrong.galiza depends alot more on us.i live in chaves and you frequently see galician people there either buying or living there . 
  not to mention the north ( norte ) has a bigger population than galiza and it 's more industrious . 
  why is portugal a derogatory term for a city in lithuania ? 
  the size of the public sector is not important in an economic growth scenario but after a crisis and its respective economic recession the government will take huge amounts of debt as they can not lay off employees as easily as in the private sector and you may get into a debt spiral . 
  what made portugal enter a financial crisis was its bloated public sector which had been at that time generally considered a very large , expensive and inefficient part of the economy . 
  an excess of public employees and useless bureaucracy resulted in the loss of millions of euros every year . 
  the moment the spanish state injure pro-independent people the independence movement will win . 
  funny because the name of your country is popularly named in english while the name of portugal comes from celtic origins, 
  it has nothing to do with that you fucking mongrel.it comes from the mouth of the douro river and both sides . 
  translation : '' german press '' '' the advancement on moscow is a success '' '' the russians are with the rope on their throat '', 
  yes , i 'd protect colonists that enslaved africans because they are portuguese, 
  this only applies to old people obviously.my grandmother and grandfather ca n't write and always worked on the fields they never had the necessity to do so . 
  i do n't understand , are we talking about fruit looking pretty or actually being good for you?japanese food is full of transgenics to make it look pretty as japanese have a real problem with finding even a tiny bit of a '' bulb '' in a fruit, 
  protecting the portuguese people in their colonies is not a reason to wage war ? 
  sorry to disrupt your idea but european food standards are much better than japanese and the overall quality of products here is higher . 
  not to france anymore and this has nothing to do with it , besides france has a similar unemployment rate, 
  in portugal you can do everything on an atm.you can pay bills , buy paysafecard/paypal , etc , transfer money to other accounts , send money to your phone , etc. 
  i do n't know if every atm in european countries do this, 
  because we 're not threatened we actually are more enthusiatic about nato , a war with russia believe it or not would not actually scare us as much as it would to a polish/estonian , latvian , lithuanian , etc. 
  he 's talking about the village/region 's population.there was no other fire besides this one, 
  why is it weird for portugal ? 
  geographically is basically the one that makes more sense , we even have some americans soldiers in our azores base and in portugal the image of america is actually pretty good, 
  what 's the point of this threads?the uk is leaving , for better or worse . 
  what?this makes no sense at all , most portuguese people can speak portuguese , spanish and english ... 
  not really , we do n't complain about temperatures around 10\u00bac , it 's just that we are used to this temperatures around summer . 
  portugal is not very humid so when it gets cold it get 's really cold . 
  a 0\u00bac in portugal will look like a -15 \u00bac in northern europe, 
  now please , stop selling your version of port wine and sell the real thing, 
  benelux has three times the population of greece btw . 
  are you sure there are 2 million galician speakers ? 
  it 's not updated, 
  there are more than 215 native portuguese speakers.the population of brazil is 208million , portugal is 10,5 million , angola is 25 million , mozambique is 28 million and so on and forth and portuguese is the sole official language in all this countries , so how does this go into the equation ? 
  is n't the hairy steriotype applied to france all around europe ? 
  do n't try to project your steriotype on us, 
  the '' oceanic climate '' should extend much more to the interior and down to the aveiro region, 
  this just proved they have no idea about the atlantic coast of iberia ... 
  yeah , but it still was territory , we could have colonized it and maybe not kill the icelandics there :p, 
  it 's kinda weird how the portuguese never had the idea of conquering iceland . 
  stop calling it the roman empire.the roman empire sucessor was the western romen empire and the eastern even though it was richer was mostly populated by greeks or whatever.that 's why it 's called byzantine and not roman . 
  the portuguese tv channels , radio is always direct and neutral and does not add opinion pieces with obvious propaganda.it 's a very weird type of jounalism because it 's like they just tell us what it actually happened and do n't take shortcuts . 
  everytime the usa appears on the news the media reports about it in a very neutral point of view . 
  it 's pretty welcoming to see journalists not having the obnoxious idea to add their own point of view to the article piece . 
  of course we have those internet journals where people add their opinion pieces with obvious bias and but nobody reads them, 
  here we go again ... do you think it 's fair for everyone to get the same wages?doctors , teachers , cops , construction workers , gardeners , etc. 
  looks like people do not understand the mentality of this posters.they are 40 % serious 60 % memes.they 're not obnoxious and are very self-aware . they are low-key nationalistic and just want to see what can happen if things like le pen get elected . 
  but still , they 're not like most liberals that can only press a key and ca n't double think . 
  close your fucking mouth please . 
   maybe we should think of a backup place for ariane .
