  oh i know . 
  there are tears of envy behind those sunglasses ; 14 million reddit karma and that face ? 
  what a catch !, 
  well , you also post to / r/aww but there 's nothing adorable about you, 
   a right bureaucratic clusterfuck . 
  our national motto !, 
   1500 migrants have been taken ashore  some 45 children and 140 women are among the migrants rescued . 
  business as usual . 
  the ones who deserve the most protection stay in their homes while we get the ones who are over-represented in crime . 
   `` hey now , we know tyranny is bad , but please let 's not lose our heads '' and so an idea was born . 
  you know how the dutch are so great at building windmills because of their proximity to water ? 
  same reason we are so good at building huge schwingels . 
  well , our bureaucracy is a bloated , nontransparent mess . 
  no one fully understands * why * some form needs to be filled , but we do it anyway hoping not to get fined at some point . 
  i do n't understand ?!, 
  you ca n't drive without a license !, 
  haha , not me !, 
  everything is good down there , just like it has to be . 
  i mean it 's fine , no problem . 
  \\* * sweats profusely * \\*, 
  there are 10k radical salafists in germany , increasing by roughly 1000 every year since 2011 . 
  not sure about the total number of radical islamists here , though . 
   one anorexic an alien a top model a robot and a gay how did you find my porn search history ? 
  `` girlfriend , the 80s called . 
  they want their pillowcase back . '', 
  \\* * snaps finger * \\*, 
  does n't surprise me , there 's this recent dw article :  in quran schools that follow the deobandi strand of islam and in their mosques , they tell children not to emulate the unbelievers , not to behave like them , not to love them , not to associate with them . 
  how are you supposed to live within that society ? 
  so we can pour as much money as we want into combating violent extremism , but at the same time we seem to ignore that the nonviolent forms of islamization are even more important . 
  because those who are willing to blow themselves up are at the last stage of a radicalization process . 
  and we do n't seem to want to look at what is happening before , because it would push us to raise serious questions about the type of integration , structures or policies that we have - or the lack of them . 
  i guess it 's hard to say whether he 's being sarcastic or not . 
  why y' all so salty ? 
  no need to work long , just efficiently !, 
   they also have two higher levels : `` invade a neighbour '' and `` lose '' ouch . 
  i 'm rooting for you , greece \u2764, 
  i think it 's just the result of a very anti-nationalistic and anti-identity mindset . 
  in the recent debate about a ` leitkultur ' the very existence of a german culture was questioned . 
  maybe by denying our very existence , we cling to any other culture , any other emotion or impulse - no matter how ( self - ) destructive . 
  that 's what i 'm worried about right now . 
  we let in more than a million migrants and chances are the majority will stay here . 
  we can already observe an increase in violence and sexual assault , the organic creation of segregated parallel societies and organised crime gangs scooping up migrants that do n't really have any other perspective . 
  the attacker in sweden was a refugee from uzbekistan who was supposed to be deported . 
   a couple islamic attacks immediately before the bundestagswahl ( election ) would help with the falling poll ratings ... it 's true , even if no one is saying it and it 's sad . 
  tell me i 'm wrong !, 
   god may i mean , she is just a pm , but ok . 
  honestly , no idea . 
  it does seem a bit arbitrary to me . 
  it does say that they are too numerous , so i guess it would make the list pretty much useless if you enumerated the 1000 dolmens in germany 's mecklenburg-vorpommern alone . 
  fair point !, 
  the small paragraph above the list reads :  occupation sites with older human made structures such as those in g\u00f6bekli tepe do exist , but the structures are monuments and do not meet the definition of building \u00c7atalh\u00f6y\u00fck is among the list of ` other structures ' , if you scroll down a bit . 
  turns out there are other , older buildings ? 
  if he 's impeached , will there be a re-election or will pence take over for the remaining term ? 
   perhaps its the points-based system we have i 'm sure it helps significantly . 
  the migrants arriving in germany in the past 2 years barely speak english , let alone german . 
  their education is significantly lacking and thus they have a hard time finding jobs - an important contributor to successful integration . 
  when it comes to violent crimes and sexual assault/rape , people from the middle east and northern africa are over-represented in statistics ; how many immigrants from these areas do you have ? 
  ( btw . 
  chinese people in germany are significantly under-represented in any crime statistic ) . 
  the number of non-german suspects has increased by 52,7 % in 2016 , 14,9 % of sexual assault and rape charges are against foreigners . 
  these facts foster a general suspicion towards migrants , making it harder for them to be accepted by the rest of the population . 
  finally , i think the cultural differences are just too big to achieve any form of proper assimilation , in particular if we try to integrate 1 million in a short amount of time . 
  it 's more likely - and already happening - that existing , in some cases criminal , parallel societies will flourish because they already speak arabic and can provide a familiar lifestyle and culture . 
  the same is happening in berlin . 
  they come here being told that there are jobs , women and houses for them and when reality hits , many resort to crime or prostitution to make enough money to send home or pay the smugglers . 
  i agree !, 
  i definitely wish we 'd go the japan route and simply invest in ai and automization instead of trying to maintain a pool of menial labour jobs so immigrants have something to do . 
  germany is spending 40 billion $ every year since 2015 on dealing with refugees/migrants . 
  imagine if we used that money to invest in technology or help out italy , greece , spain or eastern europe more . 
  something that would directly benefit us . 
  both , actually . 
  if the third world 's population is increasing , europe 's is declining yet we still want to maintain our population and the current stream of immigration persists , then naturally most of europe will be inhabited by people originally from the third world . 
  this will definitely take a few hundred years , though . 
   if you mean by second , why do you think that is good ? 
  our current form of immigration does n't work and i do think it 's bad . 
  i think immigrants are more likely to bring with them , and demand respect towards , their own culture before accepting europe 's values . 
  i 'd hate for our humanitarian achievements to be lost . 
   stop the tanks , klaus . 
  next time then . 
  ah , truly the land of culture . 
  third world countries still have high birthing rates . 
  i do n't wan na sound all right-wing conspiracy theorist , but it 's natural to assume that we are going to be ` replaced ' by them . 
  any chance there are similiar projection maps from 50 years ago ? 
  and british tourists everywhere !, 
  just the worst !, 
   barely eat potato what a sad life, 
   but my opinion is : if a country is involved in the fighting , such as america or russia , they should not turn down refugees who are in a war zone because of their fighting , those people are their responsibility . 
   just a week ago there was a russian whining about donbass refugees in moscow . 
  that makes me angry . 
  if your country is bringing the fighting , then your country can take in refugees . 
  yes absolutely . 
  a fairer distribution would have definitely helped deal with this whole situation . 
  the us and russia should have done their part . 
   that 's not generosity btw , that 's responsibility . 
  no it 's not . 
  they travelled through countless other , safe countries that could house them , but they all want to go to germany or sweden or other rich countries . 
  they are n't our responsibility , but we still keep taking them in . 
   thanks for the downvote btw , i 'm proud that i 'm able to voice my opinion without caring about the number next to it . 
  well , sure does n't sound like you do n't care . 
  yeah ?
