you 're not my friend ... you 're my brother my friend, 
  this , i propose to make the whole eu situation a soap - opera ... 
  true , 
  nothing . 
  drop me awp plz ( plz get the reference ), 
  this . 
  although i can say i dislike more greeks than germans but oh well ... 
  you think they have broken the law with their consent ? 
  i would suggest you to watch a documentary about immigration from these countries . 
  it 's very hard for them and all you suggest is to treat them as in a bad way and do everything we can so we do n't `` spoil '' our `` clean and ancient-greek '' blood / s meanwhile at greece couple of hundreds of years ago : turkish people raped our grandmothers for 400 years , and now we greeks have fucked up our economy and became the clowns of the eurozone and you care about not giving immigrants a greek heritage ? 
  you care so much ? 
  the greek pride has brainwashed your brains ... 
  if they do n't want to stay at greece then things should get easier for them to go to the place they want, 
  seems like we 're leading to a world crisis . 
  everyone is in debt , but in debt to who ? 
  if everyone is in debt , does not mean that no one is ? 
  ( or at least , some will not , and some will be but with less debt ) it 's like person a owes to b , person b owes to c , person c owes to d and person d owes to a. . . 
  i am a greek and what i hear about russians might surprise you . 
  basically people here make a lot of jokes about russian females being whores simply because many of our immigrant females from albania , bulgaria , russia etc. 
  are whores . 
  which is kind of sad , really , and we have so much history to share ... 
  agreed . 
  we have to make all the illegals into legals . 
  also crush corruption with illegals working with shitty money for shitty hours . 
  is it just me or all the countries seem to be in deep-shit except a few ones ? 
  i used to think nordic countries were in a good shape but it seems like they 're not . 
  germany and some asian countries seem like the only countries they are not in deep-shit all europian countries seems to have some kind of debt . 
  africa and asia have never been in a good shape anyway . 
  usa collapses . 
  ( trillions of $ $ in debt ) and it seems like germany is the only country who does not ? 
  japan and china as well ? 
  every year shit like that happen . 
  people reported that they heard loud bangs . 
  and let 's be honest , multiple fires getting started at the same time ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  it was intentional unfortunately : / people like these exist, 
  yeah , awesome movie !, 
  your points do n't really make sense , really . 
  immigrants can fit in a society perfectly and not do any damage to society or economy . 
  actually there are ways that immigrants / refugees with 0 knowledge or degrees can make a country 's factory industry much much stronger and enhance the culture differences of a country . 
  you do understand that most people living in earth right now are under poverty ? 
  you have the privilege of being born in a wealthy country , use that to do some good in the world ... 
  wopsie , seems like i just did : / sorry mate . 
  sucks to be you i guess, 
  oh i see , money  people right ? 
  we already have thousands of immigrants in greece right now but i would not send them back in their country , that 's actually un-human . 
  they come here with the purpose to find a better life . 
  i respect their lives , they are human like me and you . 
  what if they want to live in those countries ? 
  why not ? 
  can you think like an immigrant ? 
   war in my country  i will die here  let 's go some other place , because i am a human being and i have feelings and emotions , i do n't want to die  immigrant police : `` what the fuck no , go back to your country and die , although we can incorporate you into our factories and get a stronger economy '' your sayings do n't make any sense , and it 's really easy to say that when you are from a developed country and not from a third-world country . 
  greek here . 
  my 2 cents , yes it is very one-sided , and yes it follows the `` hurr durr , germans are still nazis '' ideology . 
  it 's really a shame because if we compare countries i am pretty sure germany will have one of the lowest % of fascists but you guys still get bashed due to your dark past :( `` events '' like these happen to greece regularly ( golden dawn ) the past 5 years although no one talks about fascist % of france / greece / italy . 
  that go over 10-15 % ... 
  goddamn it :(, 
  for the karma of course !, 
  why does drinking gives you the right to act like total douchebags ? 
  seen two drunk britons last week . 
  and they were kicking and punching a closed jewelry shop . 
  of course the police came and they went to prison for the night ( also i heard they paid because they broke some windows ) . 
  tl ; dr : drink as much as you want . 
  greece is a tourist country and it 's expected that there will be places to drink and have fun . 
  you have the right to drink and go full party mode to those indoor - semioutdoor places . 
  but you have absolutely no right ( or the excuse of being drunk ) of harassing the locals etc. 
  and you do n't have it to be honest . 
  most of times there are police patrons and every summer ( i live in a high touristic area ) there are dozens times where a tourist finds it funny to pee in the middle of the street or start shouting at 5 am, 
  define `` you '' . 
  because major travel agencies market it like that it does not mean you can do whatever you feel like doing . 
  drink as much as you want , but if you start doing shit you should expect getting some shit back as well . 
  definitely right time for shitty jokes imho =d, 
  i like him to be honest . 
  a lot . 
  and i might hate karamanlis , papandreou . . etc. 
  even more than you do =d, 
  wow , an amazing speech seriously . 
  i am really amazed that he truly meant what he said . 
  he believed every thing he said . 
  i hope tsipras will take consideration verhofstadt 's opinions and will try to make greece come out of this mess . 
  plz *, 
  hehehehe . 
  i chuckled so hard , kudos !, 
  tsipura is the fish  close enough, 
  this , honestly . 
  so many stuff have been said about what will happen if greek people vote no . 
  let 's just wait 2-3 days and see what will happen , and whatever is to come , let 's face it , 
  who knows , maybe someday  although usa/canada/ireland / netherlands/estonia are some of the countries i would like to move to , 
  why should i feel guilty about it ? 
  i was not even born when all those things happened, 
  why should i feel guilty about it ? 
  i was not even born when all those things happened, 
  hahahaha 10/10 agree . 
  that 's how i see it too =p i 've actually imagined yes as slowly getting drowned in quicksand :p, 
  maybe you are right and i should get some knowledge about it . 
  any interesting subreddits about economy and/or politics ? 
  you would be surprised with the propaganda going on in tv ( especially these days ) . 
  so i prefer to use the internet to learn about politics, 
  ok , let 's solve this . 
  1 . study science .
