  therefore , it is very unlikely to assume that the two would accept for the prime minister in such a government to come from most . 
  both parties feel that this is blackmail and that they are the ones who , given the number of seats in parliament won , have a right to nominate the prime minister . 
  and more importantly , neither of them are not at all prepared for a grand coalition , which is a prerequisite for any further steps and arrangements . 
  `` that is impossible . 
  most simply has to choose a side . 
  if that is unacceptable to them , they should say it immediately and then we will have new elections which nobody needs '' , a high-ranking sdp representative said . 
  the idea of a grand coalition has been publicly rejected by \u017deljko jovanovi\u0107 , sdp 's member of parliament . 
  `` the grand coalition with hdz is not possible . 
  but , in the future , for example in four year 's time , when hdz becomes a normal right-wing party , then why not ?! '', 
  in any case , the most likely scenario is that today 's meeting will not change anything , so the second round of consultations with the president will be identical to the first , and that no one will receive the mandate to form a government . 
  as far as is publicly known , zoran milanovi\u0107 still has 66 signatures of support , while tomislav karamarko has 59 signatures , but that could all change . 
  `` although we prefer sdp-led croatia is growing coalition , we do not exclude the possibility that , for stability of the country , we could support a possible centre-right government , if we find common language and agree about what is important to us '' , milorad pupovac , president of serbian minority party sdss , said yesterday . 
  is it good if i dislike shonen and prefer seinen ? 
  as in , my favourite manga are fullmetal alchemist , monster , vinland saga , jin . 
  also , i do n't like how saitama is drawn . 
  that may be the joke , but i do n't find it funny, 
  actually , from what i 've read about the pompeii eruption , there was n't a lot of fire and projectile stones like in the gif . 
  the eruption happened around noon , and the giant cloud of 300 \u00b0 c hot gas and stones came crashing down during the night or the next morning , causing several waves of pyroclastic surges which killed thousands of people . 
  shots fired, 
  umm , he was registered upon entering croatia , so the article is not really accurate, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  really ? 
  under uk or croatian law ? 
  you can also retire to croatia , i hear rijeka 's nice . 
  istra and rijeka counties are one of the few generally liberal places who voted against the [ same sex marriage ban ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatian_constitutional_referendum,_2013 ) in 2013 . 
  now there are `` civil unions '' ^ marriages for gay couples . 
  i read he ca n't do that since the agreement states no country can back out for at least 3-4 years ... so they could try to stall it, 
  watching the results is like watching a car crash in slow-motion ... 
  tbh the line you read above ( vu\u010di\u0107u pederu ) means `` vu\u010di\u0107 , you fag *** '' . 
  the etymology comes from pederasty . 
  i hear there are secret entrances to the louvre most people do n't know about ( from an [ underground mall ] ( https://www.tripadvisor.com/showtopic-g187147-i14-k2063782-fast_under_mall_entrance_to_louvre-paris_ile_de_france.html ) or something ) , worth looking into if you do n't like waiting in huge queues ... 
  http://www.eldoradocountyweather.com/climate/world-extremes/world-temp-rainfall-extremes.php antarctica . 
  whereas it 's 43 \u00b0 c right now in pakistan . 
  i read somewhere that it feels colder at -5 in stockholm with high humidity than at -20 in northern sweden with low humidity . 
  remember [ continentality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humid_continental_climate ) from high school geography ? 
  `` i do n't like snow . 
  it 's cold and wet and freezing and it gets everywhere . '', 
  tbh when it sank into minuses and windy , i sported a balaclava, 
  it 's just a word for people obsessed with religion and removing people 's freedom due to that obsession , such as \u017deljka marki\u0107 . 
  or that priest who wrote an article in glas koncila 1-2 months ago about how women are inferior to men and must listen to them . 
  but if croatia ensures the safety of its citizens and croatian troops are attacked in the process , that 's an attack against the entire nato, 
  sooo , the shelling of zagreb was a defensive war ? 
  visit postojna cave , it 's beautiful with the olms and all, 
  war in ukraine happened, 
  are n't most military planes gray so that they 're difficult to spot from the ground ? 
  this is like a bullseye target, 
  tbh the state of our airforce is tragic, 
  in croatia we use catholiban, 
  if you 're thinking about how you are conscious , you are thinking , and people think by using their brains . 
  that 's as simple as i can go . 
   a year ago the overwhelming consensus was that there was virtually no immune cell access to the brain that was n't the consensus . 
  the consensus was that the cns has no lymph drainage system of its own . 
  one of the factors which cause multiple sclerosis is that the t lymphocytes ( type of immune cells ) pass the blood-brain barrier , which was published in lancet in 2002 , so we knew that there is immune cell access to the brain . 
  but within the brain the cerebrospinal fluid is constantly created and reabsorbed , so it was thought that the brain did n't need lymphatic drainage which other parts of the body have since the csf had similar function . 
  and the lymphatic vessels discovered were really small and hard to find as they were lining the dural sinuses . 
  and that 's comparing apples and oranges , what you 're talking about is anatomy , when the theme of the discussion is physiology . 
  if you want , you can continue this discussion with yourself , because i ca n't be bothered discussing this anymore . 
  it 's becoming tedious and boring . 
  an embryo is n't potentially conscious because its brain is n't as developed yet to support conscious thought . 
  i do n't know how else to describe this to you as you seem to not * want * to realize that . 
  and yes , we do know that , because the peripheral nervous system and the autocrine and paracrine signalling of the cells in the pns has nothing to do with the consciousness in the cns . 
  there is also the blood-brain barrier and , for example , the neurotransmitter dopamine is metabolised by the dopa decarboxylase in the periphery so that the peripheral nt does n't affect the cns . 
  and if consciousness is n't a thought process , what is it ? 
  in my opinion , everything we think about and percieve are thought processes caused by signalling between neuronal pathways in our brains . 
  also , for everything i said you can find evidence , just read a neuroscience textbook . 
  the burden of proof does not fall upon me . 
  you seem to think that consciousness is something spiritual - prove it . 
  [ provide evidence for your claims . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russell%27s_teapot ) if you can not , i 'll just stick with what i 've learned . 
  possible . 
  i 'm not really that interested , if i were , i would study philosophy and not medicine . 
  and laws are written with evidence in mind , not philosophical theories . 
  and since we know that any thought process , including consciousness , in generated by the brain , it follows that the lack thereof means a lack of consciousness . 
  a lot of lights and heating and one can get through anything :p, 
  yeah , like one of our bands said about croatia - `` the nature is nice , but the society fu **** up '' . 
  i 'll probably move after graduation . 
  sweden is quite organised , i hear they need doctors . 
  a lot of doctors from croatia move to germany , but i never liked the language even though i had to study it for 12 years in school . 
  i think it does . 
  that 's why the family can decide to take a brain dead person off life support . 
  thing is , as resources are limited , is it better to `` waste '' a bed on a person who will never wake up and thus deny a bed to a person which can still be saved ? 
  it 's an interesting ethical dilemma, 
  to answer your questions : 1 . 
  consciousness is the state or quality of awareness , or , of being aware of an external object or something within oneself . 
  neurons , by firing , aka by transferring ions across the membrane and causing depolarization and epsc . 
  we can `` measure it '' with an fmri by seeing which areas of the brain light up with activity . 
  and i 'm in the medical field , so i would n't discuss philosophy , it really has no place in evidence-based medicine . 
  but about the chinese room , i think once we develop quantum computers and increase the processing power , we 'll be able to simulate the entire human body with all its metabolical and ( electro ) chemical processes , including thinking and consciousness . 
  we 're probably centuries from that , though . 
  did you pass neuroscience in college ? 
  we do have a rough idea on how consciousness works . 
  and yes , it works via cerebral networks and circuits , with the use of major prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortices, 
  no , but it makes a person with hydranencephaly less human . 
  or a person who is brain dead . 
  as all of our life , emotions , our being , who we are , is the result of our brain interacting with our environment . 
  if you remove that , you get a plant . 
  a human body which can not interact with anything . 
  and that 's different that a mentally handicapped person , but i 'm guessing you already realise that . 
  that 's why if a person is brain dead but has a beating heart we ask the parents to donate organs . 
  because we as medical professionals know that if a person is brain dead , they are no longer here .
