  the only difference is that i speak english , german and swedish , so i can undestand the names of the months . 
  but if a reporter is ignorant and grew up in such a surroundings ( say , * dalmatinska zagora * ) , i could see that she would n't know the alternative names . 
  though , it would be kinda embarrasing if someone were that dumb ... 
  not really that complicated https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kanji https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hiragana \u307b\u3068\u3093\u3069\u306e\u5834\u5408\u3067\u306f \u3001 2\u3064\u306e\u8868\u8a18\u4f53\u7cfb\u304c\u3042\u308a\u307e\u3059 \u3002, 
  no , i 'm serious  honestly , i could care less , just saying that i never heard anyone use `` vazduh '' in croatia . 
  maybe in bosnia ? 
  does n't japanese also have that ? 
  kanji and hiragana ? 
  ( katakana is n't usually used except for foreign names ), 
  because when you are u bioskopu mo\u017ee\u0161 da vidi\u0161 kako \u0107e auti da odlete u vazduh . 
  or when you are u kinu mo\u017ee\u0161 vidjeti kako \u0107e auti odletjeti u zrak . 
  they are similar , but if you read the first sentence to a young croatian , he would n't understand what you want to say . 
   croatia also had a pretty weak performance i do n't think it 's weak compared to some other tonight . 
  nina rocked . 
  also , cyprus sounds like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5fbdprejiu, 
  maybe they 'll show something good next year ? 
  i betted that iceland , armenia and austria would pass and that greece and bosnia-herzegovina would n't , lost 10 kn . 
  iceland was my favourite :(, 
  that 's not common for europe , maybe for france ... 
  that 's a racoon . 
  sweden wants to eliminate racoon dogs ( also known as tanuki ), 
  thanks !, 
  i translated the 4 short videos from the whole 45 minute show : on the left are gajski and sladoljev ( g - and s - ) , anti-vaxxers , and on the right are richter and te\u0161ovi\u0107 ( r + and t + ) , pro-vaccination : 1  t + : what is going to happen over the next few weeks , we 'll see . 
  that 's how our last [ measles ] epidemic started , to remind you , in 2014/15 , some time is needed for the epidemic cases to start appearing . 
  namely , we are currently at an end of an incubation period of measles which is around 14 days . 
  so , according to that , we can expect new cases , and we 'll see that soon enough , over the next few days ...  g - : the vaccines have n't been adequately investigated , which criteria and standards should be fulfilled to recommend vaccination is known , especially for mass vaccination , and that 's 1st that the disease should be serious , widespread , not treatable , not preventable by some other means apart from vaccination and that the vaccine must be effective and safe . 
  in the same way , in case of every individual illness , it should be determined if the concept of collective immunity applies . 
   r + : the [ vaccination ] calender is , compared to most european countries , much too sparse . 
  too poor , actually - we really vaccinate against the most basic of illnesses , in the us they vaccinate against 10 more diseases , extra . 
  so , concerning too much vaccination , that 's definitely not the case . 
  the number of shots and that kind of trauma was lowered by implementing 6 in 1 vaccine , which is not more than 10 shots until 8th grade . 
  everything dr. gajski is problematizing has been answered . 
  we can always discuss it again from the beginning , but one thing at a time . 
  we ca n't discuss everything at once because it 'll seem like we do n't know anything in the end , since we do know . 
  we do know , there is scientific evidence , not only that but there are indisputable facts our experience has shown . 
  i 'll mention the events in the early 1990s in former soviet countries where that country collapsed , that system collapsed , in russia and countries behind the caucasus one year they registered 39,000 cases of diphtheria . 
  here , whole europe was in an uproar when a child died in barcelona in 2015 and one year later in brussles , from diphtheria . 
  there , they had 39,000 cases , of which at least 10 % died . 
  i do n't know what they used to treat others . 
  when you stop vaccinating , those diseases come back . 
  because the pathogen exists . 
  the only pathogen which disappeared is variola ( smallpox ) . 
  however , all the other pathogens are here . 
   s - : the real density of the calender you can see in natural acquisition of the immunity . 
  in our blood you have tens of thousands of antibodies , practically since birth until death , which are remade through a much denser vaccination calender . 
  there are no side-effects . 
  ( host : and the needle is problematic because ? ), 
  the needle is problematic because it carries an issue of technical input of immunological provocation into the organism in a completely unnatural way . 
   t + : that 's simply not the case . 
  on a daily basis we can respond to millions of different antigens . 
  vaccines contain a few antigens , not millions of antigens . 
  2  s - : every shot represent an immunological mobbing which lasts for months . 
  so a newborn is under immunological mobbing , for ... for years . 
  it simply does n't stop . 
  and the most problematic thing occurs - the immune system is overstimulated . 
  in the milleu where it happens , there is a high probability that the immune system starts recognising its own tissues , itself , as foreign . 
   r + : for me , as a pediatrician , the needle/shot is a problem because it represents a trauma to the child . 
  and that that 's some kind of `` trauma of the immune system '' that is simply untrue . 
   t + : i am of the opinion , maybe it 's completely false , that the media gives a lot , i would even say too much , coverage to the people which are against vaccination , i mean , who claim `` the facts '' which most often are n't , actually - not `` most often '' , they have n't been checked , [ let 's be real here ] ( http://www.vereencenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/getty_rm_photo_of_cold_water_on_burnt_hand.jpg ) . 
   g - : there are n't any evidence that the vaccination has lead to eradication of infectious diseases which killed millions of people in the past , there are scientific papers , whole books even , which show it happened mainly due to improving living conditions , nutrition , habitation , education and the likes . 
   ( host : how would you replace the needle ? ), 
   s - : simple . 
  how we acquire natural immunity , how i described earlier . 
  we acquire it through the mucosa . 
  the skin is there to prevent what we violently do with the needle . 
  skin is here - the biggest organ . 
   ( h : so , oral vaccines ? ), 
   s - : in any way the immunological information can enter the mucosa . 
  into respiratory tract , gi tract , in any other way 3  s - : if there is an error , and there is , in technical equipment of the vaccine , and i 'm certain they 're connected with autoimmune diseases , you ca n't ignore that there 's been an explosion , even a layman nowadays can count at least 20 of syndromes connected to autoimmune diseases . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  and medical science must see that . 
  but better than medical science , conscious parents can see that . 
  not only autism , but many shapes from the epileptic spectrum , behavioral issues , all of those are neurological disorders which are probably , and some definitely connected to vaccination . 
   t + : the main fear of autoimmune diseases exists regarding two vaccines , to be clear - existed [ as in , not anymore ] , vaccines against hepatitis b and human papillomavirus . 
  however , when you compare the vaccinated and unvaccinated groups , the incidence of autoimmune diseases between those two populations is identical . 
  what does that mean ? 
  the incidence of autoimmune diseases is much greater in female population than male population , and secondly , most often than not the first symptoms of autoimmune diseases appear exactly around the age when , some time ago , people were receiving vaccination against hep-b and nowadays against hpv . 
  and predominantely female children receive the latter . 
  thus , the connection between those two facts has never been scientifically proven . 
  never . 
   ( h : how safe are vaccines in croatia ? ), 
   g - : the same as everywhere else - we do n't know . 
  because vaccines have n't been adequately investigated in that way . 
  a few days ago , robert kennedy i think , us lawyer , and robert deniro offered i think 100,000 $ to the one who releases a study which proves the safety of vaccines . 
   r + : the vaccines in croatia are safe since those are all vaccines registered within the european community . 
  all of them . 
  4  g - : the obligation of vaccination is not a medical science debate . 
  it needs to be discussed with other speakers , such as a lawyer , a politician , an economist , a sociologist , and the patient . 
  it 's a whole different debate - an ethical , legal , political debate . 
   ( h : how should the system look according to you ? 
  freedom of choice ? ), 
   g - : the system should look so that there is * at least * the freedom of choice , but that all the vaccines , individually and in combinaitons , to bring into question their recommendation . 
  because we have no scientific basis even to recommend some vaccines , let alone to legally force them upon someone . 
   ( h : however , no country in the world , afaik , has of yet withdrawn their recommendation of vaccines )  g - : no , but that does n't mean that it 's something that 's necessary and which needs to be done . 
  the medical science today is not the same as the one 50-70 years ago . 
   t + : 20 years ago there was a big difference in percentage of vaccinated people in countries which had obligatory vaccination calenders and recommended ones . 
  today that 's not the case . 
  there are countries which do n't have obligatory calenders , a brilliant example of which is israel , which does n't have vaccination rates below 95 % for any antigen in their calender . 
  people there know that one ultra-orthodox group of jewish people does n't vaccinate their children , nobody touches them and everybody else gets vaccinated , and it 's not presented as a bogeyman . 
  the anti-vaccination movement does n't exist at all .
