great song too, 
  honestly it seems like the whole scoring system is fucked . 
  how does moscow have the same tolerance score as galway ? 
  lol . 
  the place i live in ireland got a 0/10 rating in the `` outdoors '' category , despite being in the middle of the countryside with hills , mountains , rivers , beaches , cliffs , woodland areas etc etc all no more than a 10 minute drive away , and there are active clubs for almost all mainstream outdoor activities ( with the exception of snow-based ones ) . 
  i am now very sceptical of any claims on this list . 
  the `` tolerance '' score is also a load of nonsense , ours being similar to cities in russia and saudi arabia . 
  [ edit ] some cities that got a higher `` outdoors '' rating than us : singapore , hong kong , detroit , mumbai ( all 6/10 ), 
  that thread is hilarious . 
  basically `` i dunno , but here 's some jokes about the scots ... '', 
  it 's ... really fucking weird . 
  that thread has no information . 
  jesus italy , relax dude . 
  jeans and dress shoes . 
  yeah and homer is n't even from europe . 
  good points, 
  are we looking at the same map ? 
  there is orange around connemara , and the area of mayo that 's shaded is a large gaeltacht . 
  it would be a striking coincidence . 
  those are the exact gaeltacht areas ; west kerry , clare , connemara . 
  i can see similar tiny areas of what i assume are cultural pockets in other countries , eg west scotland . 
  there 's something funny about the irish map anyway . 
  for whatever reason the small gaeltacht areas out on the west coast are marked orange . 
  the thing is , those are just heritage areas and while they have much higher levels of fluency in the traditional irish language they would have 100 % fluency in english too . 
  i do n't have much faith in the methodology for the rest of the map after seeing that . 
  my god that site is trash . 
  so much filler for so little content . 
   no way can they sell that domestically . 
  if 2016 has taught us anything it 's that the stupider the option , the more the public loves it . 
  all they have to do is get the current prime minister to say `` well whatever we do , we do n't want the norweigian option , i hope nobody tells the public about it '' and it 'll be voted in in a landslide . 
  we accept, 
  how can you say that when we have beauties like the esb headquarters to feast our eyes on, 
  i forgot how wonderful dutch painters are . 
  gorgeous, 
  83 % for ireland , where the youth unemployment rate is 18 % ? 
  sounds like a load of baloney . 
  denmark is fair boring looking too !, 
  except copenhagen , which is amazing . 
  i found it a totally normal boat trip . 
  does it get choppy in winter or something ? 
   give jobs :d more like  give jobs o_o, 
  hey what are you even doing in our secret club ? 
  what about the second map ? 
  the gdp one ? 
  scroll down a little farther and it gives a more realistic map, 
  we really are like that neutral planet from futurama . 
  hey , i 'm all ears . 
  in what way will you have an advantage over your counterparts in the upcoming talks ? 
  there are some articles about it . 
  it seems you get about 50-70 % back in tourism , but it 's hard to quantify things like prestige . 
  how can you have such strong opinions about something you obviously do n't know anything about !? 
  i hope you do n't become a teacher when you grow up . 
  wow , that 's embarrassing . 
  1.5 mil to join seems like a bargain , to put it in perspective it 's about 10 % the cost of hosting a eurovision : /, 
  pull your head out of your ass . 
  you tried to mock another commenter for using the proper term for a conflict that you are obviously not familiar with . 
  read a book . 
  if by `` fear itself '' you mean `` spending the next 15 years trying to negotiate trade agreements with less leverage than you used to have '' . 
  the top comments are all junk but the top reply is usually somewhat informative . 
  this is the best one, 
  / r/celticunion, 
  you what, 
  build ? 
  what are you mad ? 
  just buy one and sit tight until it appreciates in value . 
  it 's free money !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  yeah it 's about 2.5 % or something like that, 
  ireland 's largest guineys , 2 starbucks and an abrakebabra . 
  did someone say `` property bubble 2.0 '' ? 
  young people are getting absolutely railed by rent prices , especially over the last year , we 're not feeling it . 
  if ya can fix a tire ya can fix an economy, 
  ah here it was n't that long ago . 
  a wordcloud from the last 15 years of irish news would look something like  tiger ^ celtic boom growth recession, 
  consider it an excuse to listen to the song again, 
  wow , it sounds like the blue banana could be [ rotterdam or anywhere , liverpool or rome ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onkrpueocuk ) , 
  that sounds like liverpool , or rome . 
  it could be anywhere, 
  so , this map is nonsense ? 
   not saying that brits are lazy ( although i am saying that ) sometimes this sub has better banter than / r/soccer, 
  [ it 's called `` doing a boris '' ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=a+boris ), 
  she 's been intolerant of midget interracial gangbangs since a misunderstanding at a circus in the 60s . 
  it was a different time . 
  not for having sexuality ; for leaving bukakke gangbangs on grandma 's desktop . 
  different thing . 
  i knew what the answer would be before i opened the link , because of the upvotes . 
  hey do n't get mad at me , ireland still likes you : b, 
  switzerland has to be looking at england like the little brother who left a load of porn on the desktop so now you 're both banned from the internet . 
  they can make their own version of the [ celtic union ] ( / r/celticunion ) . 
  they just need to stick an extra cross on the union jack . 
  why would you nuke a warship, 
  [ celtic union now ] ( / r/celticunion ), 
  i read that in a thick scouse accent, 
  this is the best thread i 've seen in ages, 
  pretty much . 
  population density helps with bussed too , but then cork is fairly populous around the city and the busses down there are terrible . 
  lol farage . 
  as bad as our lads are that guy did n't even want to win the last vote he contested , as soon as he won he was fucking out of there . 
  he should be in jail . 
  irish busses are in general a shitshow , but imo dublin bus is actually fairly well run compared to the rest of the country 's public transport .
