   someone did n't graduate from middle school i see . 
  i see , so this was irony . 
  yeah , i do n't really think so . 
  russia knows that we have no interest in going to war . 
  for a thousand years our military has been defensive , nothing has changed . 
  i do n't see it happening , at least in our lifetimes . 
  maybe it 's different in other parts on the continent , but not many people up here feel any connection to southern europe , for example . 
  no they 're not . 
  the gene was isolated in finnish men because the research was done on finnish men , not because it 's exclusive to finnish men . 
  just make sure if they 're alcoholics in their 50 's or 60 's that you do n't go hang out at their appartment . 
  they get into fights with each other and killing occurs . 
  in almost all cases the victim and the criminal were friends . 
  it really pains me to admit this , but i actually generally like swedes . 
  edit : but do n't let that go to your heads !, 
  it can be a bit quiet in the winter but i 'm glad you enjoyed it !, 
  we are unique snowlfakes , damnit, 
  if i forget about norway it 's because you 're the nice neighbour i do n't have to worry about every five minutes . 
  take it as a compliment . 
  old alcoholics killing other old alcoholics in their own appartments . 
  random violence is extremely rare , it 's generally the demographic of hardcore alcoholics that commit murder , and they do it to their friends and acquintances ( other hardcore alcoholics ) . 
  the alcoholism rate here is n't particularly high compared to the rest of europe , but i guess ours are just more prone to that sort of thing . 
  that being said , it also helps that northern finland has an extremely low population density , so only a few murders in absolute numbers are enough to push the murder rate really high . 
  kouvola is legendary for its ugliness . 
  that just makes these people absolute idiots . 
  adding to that , a university should be the last place in the world for `` safe places '' intellectually speaking . 
  a university is where you get your values and your knowledge questioned on a daily basis . 
  well , it should be anyway . 
  but finland has n't done those things . 
  our problem is that nobody else seems to care about them , but we follow them to the letter every time , to our detriment . 
   in the prez 's party the president does not have a party , any former party alliances are denounced . 
  the president is not supposed to take part in party politics . 
  censorship ? 
  i guess people will just cling on to any nonsense at this point . 
   i doubt if sdp and and left alliance had been in the government with the green league that this part of the crisis had been dealt with that differently oh , absolutely . 
  but that 's my point . . if it 's the left that 's the problem , why is n't the right doing things differently ? 
  the answer is , both are the problem . 
  or rather , aspects of both are . 
  i 'll grant you that the far left are worse at this than the right , but i still resent the idea of splitting your potential supporters . 
  i am left wing on the political spectrum , and i support closing our borders at least temporarily . 
  however , keep in mind all this has happened during right wing governments , and they have n't done shit to stop it . 
  leaders of right wing parties openly advocate multiculturalism . 
  so , call it what it is . 
  do n't dump it on `` the left '' if there are people on every part of the spectrum for or against it . 
  focus on the issue . 
   right now every left wing politicians is puzzled by this speech is n't it high time to stop this bullshit ? 
  most people , politicians included , on the left are not in favour of the current mass immigration issue . 
  you 're talking about a fringe group which also has a lot of members on the political right . 
  stop fighting windmills , it 's not a left vs. right issue . 
  it is necessary for some countries . 
  not all of us can rely on foreign intervention , and our potential threat is a lot larger than we are . 
  having a million trained men ready to deploy fairly quickly , surrounding a core of professional officers , is really the only viable option for us . 
  the problem if there is one , is how willing conscripts are to stand up and fight for their country . 
  [ ours seem motivated enough . 
  ] ( https://www.quora.com/would-you-be-willing-to-fight-for-your-country ) in addition we have been building defensive positions around the country and hiding weapon caches among other things for the past 70 years in preparation for a possible invasion . 
  our defense plan relies on a potential enemy realising that they would lose more than they would gain in attacking us and starting a long , bloody guerilla war . 
   does n't mean it ca n't be in 200 years . 
  all of history , and all reasonable future predictions would beg to differ . 
  inequality is not going away any time soon , or likely ever . 
  resources are limited and they 're only going to be more limited in the future . 
  the way countries use the resourced they have is also unequal . 
  i do n't see an answer in the horizon . 
   people do n't need borders to have/keep their culture . 
  they kind of do . 
  a kind of tribal mentality is required . 
  to me a multicultural dream is truly a nightmare . 
  one where at best all our cultures will be diluted , at worst forgotten . 
  it would be a shame . 
   i 'm hoping somewhere in the future , human society will be developed enough to be able to live together with no borders . 
  i only want peaceful borders . 
   if there world is equally good and developed it is n't and it seems extremely unlikely that it will be . 
   why would we need borders ? 
  preservation of cultures comes to mind . 
  a world without borders is a world without cultures , a grey mass . 
  a nightmare scenario . 
  and the idea has n't exactly gained a lot of traction over the years , we 've had national borders for a thousand years or so and the trend continues strong as ever . 
  200 years is not really all that long . 
  sure , technology will continue to develop so it 's impossible to really predict what will happen , but i do n't see any reason to assume a lack of national borders . 
  it does not seem likely , or something to aspire towards . 
  as i said , maybe if there 's an external threat or a cataclysmic event , but i 'm sure we 'll find ways to divide each other even then . 
  i think it 's highly unlikely unless we make contact with intelligent alien life or wipe each off the planet in nuclear war . 
  maybe i should rephrase it again . 
  if helsinki were full of latte drinking hipsters , it would n't be the economic centre of the country . 
  is that better ? 
  if that 's what helsinki is , then they are . 
  all i 'm saying . 
  it 's nice how you proved him completely right . 
  it 's a bit of both , really . 
  it 's true that if we were able to distribute all our resourced efficiently , we would have a sustainable population in theory . 
  however , there is a problem even then . 
  efficiency increases consumption . 
  this has been shown to be true by decades of research , whenever something is made more ecological , more efficient , production increases to compensate . 
  people are n't happy to just stagnate , we always want more if it 's available to us . 
   does life on earth go completely extinct ? 
  probably not , but mankind might . 
  in any case , it will be catastrophic to a lot of populations even if we as a species survive . 
   will there be an extinction event of some sort we are already experiencing it . 
  the current wave of extinction is by far the largest and fastest the world has ever seen . 
  even the dinosaurs took a * long * time to die out , we 're wiping out the world 's ecosystems at record speed . 
  same here , and that 's the really depressing thing . 
  we have a country where the temperature difference between summer and winter can easily be 60-70 degrees celsius after all .
