  the winter war was their attempt at complete annexation , they had already prepared a puppet government and had plans to march on helsinki in two weeks . 
  instead , finland fought into a standstill and retained independence . 
  it was the only country invaded by the soviets to do so , and helsinki was the only european capital involved in wwii along with moscow and london that did n't get occupied . 
  calling this a loss is a heavily loaded statement . 
  what you end up arguing is semantics , because there is no clear definition of what constitutes winning or losing a war - it 's far more complicated than that . 
  keep in mind newsweek already edited out some stuff from the article , including quotes from jon hellevig who is even more ridiculous . 
  he famously threatened to rape an opera singer who he felt was `` anti-putin '' . 
  both these men work for kremlin , and in moscow . 
  absurd sources to use , really . 
  yes , we do all our own work . 
  we know better than to rely too heavily on other countries for our national defense . 
  as i understand it , germany has been on a slow but steady rise , like a few other `` b-grade '' ( not to be rude ) hockey countries . 
  i can see you guys fighting for medals a few years down the line . 
  it 's very good to see new blood in the international tournaments . 
  rooting for you , guys . 
  we do n't even all recognise them as a state . 
  terrible , terrible propaganda article where they only interviewed a bunch of known putin shills . 
  not true . 
  there is a defense clause but it 's incredibly vague . 
  i would n't expect anything else from rt. 
  moreover , it 's concerning how mainstream it seems to view wwii in this black and white fashion , of opressors vs. liberators , in pure black and white with each country falling in one camp or the other . 
  as if it was n't and incredibly complex affair with each nation having their own struggles and motivations . 
  none of the major players came out of it with a really clean conscience , and that should not be forgotten . 
  also , a big thank you to the soviets for trying to liberate us from the terrible burden of our independence and our lives . 
  agreed . 
  what france does with its money is france 's concern , at least without a guarantee that they would indeed put themselves on the line for any eu member state in need . 
  reading your comments i 'm pretty sure you 're the angry one here . 
  you spend a lot of time ranting and raving about how little you care about finland , it makes me think you do care quite a bit . 
  having seperate speed limits on the same road for different drivers would be a much larger safety risk than having one that 's too high . 
  which is why immigrants are mostly imported for `` low-tier '' jobs , which natives would n't do for such low pay . 
  of course jobs are finite . 
  and qualifications certainly are n't a problem , we have one of the most overqualified work forces in the world . 
  the problem is bloated wages and employers who want to import cheaper workers . 
  surely everyone is just going to say their own country ? 
  if this dystopian nightmare scenario were to come to pass , of course i would want my country ( finland ) to have the lead . 
  it would never happen , but still . 
  i was with you until the last paragraph . 
  the left alliance are not commies , they are social liberals ( which is almost as far from commie as you can get on the left side of the political spectrum ) . 
  they are not even pro-russia . 
  they will have to evolve eventually . 
  their only political aim for the last several decades has been to keep mandatory swedish in schools , and it 's only a matter of time before it 's removed . 
  the nation is overwhelmingly positive to removing it and a referendum would absolutely go through . 
  the only reason this has n't happened ages ago is that rkp/sfp will do literally anything and align with anyone as long as mandatory swedish remains . 
  major parties have n't traditionally had a clear opinion on the matter , preferring to take the extra seats from rkp for the small price of not touching swedish teaching . 
  that is no longer the case now that the finns are the second largest party . 
  it 's unlikely that anything will happen to this issue during the next cycle , but it is inevitable . 
  rkp are stalling for time as they have for a long while now , they will have to evolve eventually when they lose the only thing they 've been advocating . 
  ca n't speak for sweden but we finns certainly would not be happy `` freeloading '' . 
  a large part of why we are n't in nato in the first place is that we do not have a lot of faith in military alliances and believe we have a duty to defend ourselves on our own , without relying on foreign aid . 
  one only needs to look at history and how our supposed allies ( most of them current nato countries ) have left us to rot in the past to understand this view . 
  it 's quite pessimistic to be sure , but a real worry . 
  there are , of course , a host of other reasons for our unwillingness to join . 
  time will tell whether that stance changes , but for now both the general population and the political leadership are mostly opposed . 
  no , that 's more or less what it seems to be . 
  i 'm not a fan of the finns party , but they did get 2nd place . 
  they deserve a spot in the government if only to show whether they can `` walk the walk '' so to speak . 
  if they ca n't follow through on their promises , they will fade into obscurity come next election cycle . 
  if they can , then democracy works . 
  whether we agree with the results or not . 
  it 's an interesting time . 
  well , those supporters wo n't actually be in the government themselves . 
  what matters is the stances of the actual politicians . 
  a wig on a pile of melting ice cream ? 
  nah , you 're alright . 
  maybe our friends over seas can now take part in the great eurovision drinking games . 
  there have been some `` happiest country '' rankings , i forget the specifics , but denmark consistently ranked # 1 followed by the other nordics . 
  rude . 
  yes , though they have a bit of variance depending on the source they use . 
  unfortunately , i 'm not in a condition to go scouring the internet for these things right now , and i wo n't have time for the next few days . 
  i 'll have to trust that other people here make the effort . 
  the bottomline is , genetics is a fairly complicated subject and haplogroups are very often misused in this way because they are good for making simple maps but people do n't understand what they mean . 
  once again , sorry for coming off so strong , i usually try not to be so confrontational . 
  i just see these things a bit too often . 
  alright , i might 've been a bit too aggressive , and i apologise . 
  i am a bit drunk . 
  it 's just , people post these things * all the time * without understanding what they are . 
  basically , haplogroups tell us barely anything about actual genetic make up . 
  they are primarily used for determining ancient migration patterns . 
  so when people post these as `` genetic maps '' , it is highly misleading in many ways . 
  they do not correspond with how genetically close populations are , so used in this way they are essentially useless . 
  though genetics is not my focus , it does bother me some as a biologist . 
  great , more haplotards . 
  this is not a genetic map . 
  please learn basic genetics before making these posts . 
  what a terrifying prospect . 
  that is pretty much what i said , yes . 
  alright , it just sounded like it based on your tone earlier . 
  the current relationship yes , and even more so in the future if we do n't join and the russia-nato situation escalates . 
  i 'm saying if everybody around us picks a side and we end up being the only ones calling ourselves neutral , it 's not going to end well . 
  we already know that russia considers us de facto nato as it is . 
  therefore , if sweden joins we 'll probably be left with no option unless we want to repeat history . 
  oh , estonia . . 
  the most important one being lack of neutrality and volunteering to being a battleground should nato and russia ever collide . 
  if russia believes that finland stands with nato regardless of official stance , we have that fate whether we are a member or not . 
  all the downsides with none of the benefits . 
  obviously we would do what we can to help the baltics in war . 
  the fact is , though , we 're a country of 5 million with a russian border larger than the rest of the eu 's combined . 
  we do n't exactly have the resources to guard it while going to war in foreign lands with any significant impact . 
  and i 'm pretty sure if we are in a situation with an aggressive russia on the war path , guarding our border should be our first priority . 
  it 's a matter of realities .
