  usually if finland underperforms in an international competition ( no matter what it is ) , there will be a lot of people genuinely pissed off about it . 
  when it comes to eurovision though , i think most people laugh at getting no votes . 
  i assure you , i 've had it with americans and europeans alike . 
  we are , but that is not the definition of scandinavia . 
  as far as i 'm aware , there 's only [ 1 mosque in finland ] ( http://www.beautifulmosque.com/postimages/jarvenpaamosque-in-finland.jpg ) . 
  it 's in j\u00e4rvenp\u00e4\u00e4 and was built in the 40 's for the tatars who fought for finland . 
  well , then he 's ignorant of his own country 's geography and history , that 's all . 
  i keep mine in the sauna like they used to in the good old days . 
  nope . 
  it 's so common that i do n't expect people to know , but i certainly will correct them if it seems appropriate . 
  my main issue was that some people seem to use finland , sweden and norway ( sometimes denmark ) interchangeably . 
  a person i literally just introduced myself to as being from finland will start talking about norway or sweden like they 're my country . 
  `` oh , i went to sweden once , it was lovely '' '' * cool . 
  i 've also been to sweden . 
  yes , actually . 
  we do n't have a mosque . 
  a fucking burger king in one of the best spots in the city . 
  how is that not disgusting to you on a deep level ? 
  at the very least it should be a finnish chain , preferably not fast food though . 
   typically lapin kulta an absolute kind of disgusting . 
  man , i wish . 
  last week i had to sell my brother 's car for a pint . 
  people believe we have eternal winter . 
  also , here 's a conversation i 've had too many times : `` where are you from ? '', 
  '' * finland . 
  * '' `` oh , what 's sweden like ? '', 
  '' * i 'm not swedish , i 'm from finland . 
  * '' `` right . 
  hey guys , come meet this norwegian guy ! '', 
  '' * finnish . 
  * '' `` wait , what 's the difference ? 
  is n't scandinavia just basically one country ? '', 
  '' * i 'm not from scandinavia either . 
  * '' `` what ? '', 
  there are many techniques to beer and sauna , my friend . 
  some people just do n't care about it getting warm , some drink it fast , some only drink it during the breaks , some put them in a bucket of cold water . . my beer cooling secret technique has been passed down in my family for generations , and i would be willing to share this knowledge with you for a modest sum of 500 $ . 
  edit : and as for throwing beer on the stove , trying to get drunk that way would be * a lot * of effort and eventually break the stove , i think . 
  you can mix a bit of beer in the water you normally throw to get a nice toasty aroma . 
  it 's really a crime . 
  it 's not good but it 's better . 
  i think it 's not uncommon for bars to have them , some restaurants do as well . 
  the best part of the city in my opinion . 
  so close to the city centre , yet so calm and quiet . 
  baltics once again proving they 're the only civilised and cultured peoples of europe . 
  well , you call us finland instead of suomi . 
  for what it 's worth i love poland . 
  i 've only been to krakow and warsaw so far but have been invited to gdansk for a holiday and am planning to go . 
  everybody i 've met there was super nice and friendly to me and i found them easy to talk to . 
  i 've met some disrespectful tourists/foreign students sometimes too . 
  most of the ones i 've met here in finland have been very nice but there have been some exceptions . 
  the funniest one i remember was a couple of spanish students complaining that it 's cold and quiet - i wanted to ask them if they looked at a map or did a google search before choosing to come over here . 
  nothing too bad though . 
  finland had fairly extensive autonomy with its own legal system , currency and everything . 
  the right to vote for men was in many areas of the world directly tied to an obligation to fight and if necessary die for one 's country in war . 
  women did n't have this obligation and did n't get to vote as a result . 
  and of course , there were a lot of other factors , but i think this is really the major one . 
  to some degree it also does depend on where you serve and in which service branch . 
  some places are a lot more traditional in their approach and are more willing to diverge from official guidelines in how they enforce discipline . 
  nothing truly fucked up but they do deliberately make things as miserable as they can get away with for the conscripts , as a way to `` build character '' . 
  i was under the impression that lithuanians drink a lot more than at least finns do . 
  finland 's suicide rate is `` relatively high '' for a western country but it 's quite severely exaggerated on the internet most of the time . 
  there was a spike in the 90 's due to the economy and everything , which might go some way to explain this . 
  depending on the year and figures used , there are plenty of other western countries with similar or higher numbers who do n't get this same stereotype . 
  sure , estonians love their double vowels more than we do . 
  just saying we 're into it too . 
  we do double vowels too . 
  swedes and estonians were not relevant enough to finland to be included , clearly, 
  makes a bit more sense in finnish as we still call the germans * saksalaiset * ( saxons ) . 
  * some * online dictionaries list it but it 's not really in common enough use to be considered even a loanword by most . 
  then you 're a strange person . 
  it 's not 100 % correct but it definitely is a lot more accurate . 
  describes them better by being a completely inaccurate mistranslation ? 
  what ? 
  international media loves to talk about `` tensions '' and `` worry '' and `` fear '' of russia in finland . 
  maintaining our defence is just normal though , nothing has happened . 
   until now , i only ever had answers from armchairs generals of reddit on that subject . 
  if you do n't want to hear answers from redditors you should probably take your question to wherever it is you consider more trustworthy . 
  by this time next year we 'll have him carving wooden dicks with a puukko in a sauna while humming the theme tune to salatut el\u00e4m\u00e4t . 
  i agree , i mostly entered this thread to try and figure out why it was news that a russian man is buying fish in finland . 
  i would n't say * now * , finland has been getting those for years as well . 
  it 's so strange to see this regular reporting in foreign media of `` invasion fear '' in finland when there really is nothing of the sort . 
  sure , we prepare , because we 're not dumb . 
  but it 's a pretty unlikely and distant scenario . 
  always liked that painting a lot, 
  a meme that was started and forced by finns, 
  it becomes quite a bit worse when you break it down by country of origin as well . 
  somalians for example are quite a bit more than 4 times as likely . 
  i 'm just going to slowly walk away . . 
  we have come up with a plan to get rid of smokers . 
  let us call it a `` final solution '' . 
  what a bizarre thing to say . 
  if it 's `` very important '' that would kind of imply people would generally view something like male conscription as opposing this important value and there would be more widespread attempts to change it . 
  i put it to you that it 's not considered as important as geopolitical realities . 
  thus making it not `` very important '' . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that most finns feel the same way about brexit as you would about fixit , but those people have no reason to comment on the situation . 
  i support our conscription system ( i consider it a necessary evil ) but you ca n't argue that we have anything approaching gender equality as it stands . 
  both . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  there are a lot of federalists here . 
  i do n't really see any benefit to it , mostly major drawbacks .
