  that 's what all the pro-mandatory swedish dialogue is about , muh minority rights . 
  second , we are close to the nordics already with our language barrier . 
  i hope you do n't for one second believe mandatory swedish actually causes anyone to learn the language . 
  i ca n't say i know any finns ( who are n't fennoswedes ) who could have a conversation in swedish . 
  from the way you 're arguing i would guess you 're a fennoswede , and you folks seem to more often than not live in a bubble so you might be oblivious as to how well most people actually bother to try and learn the language . 
  in fact if anything mandatory swedish brings us further from both fennoswedes and scandinavians , because it causes people to resent them . 
  why should we have to learn their language when they do n't learn ours ? 
  that is the sentiment , and it 's a legitimate one . 
   this is made evident by the fact that the swedish taught in finland is not finlandssvenska , but rikssvenska . 
  we were definitely taught finlandssvenska in school . 
   without swedish as part of our curriculum , the view of finland as part of the scandinavian cultural sphere will definitely take a beating . 
  could you walk me through the logic of that ? 
  i do n't think those two things are in any way related . 
   how could it not , finland is n't even trying to give its citizens the tools needed for communicating with her neighbors !, 
  we can easily communicate with english and they 're free to learn finnish if they wish . 
  moreover , nobody is being forced to stop learning swedish , it 's just removing a shitty and incredibly unpopular system . 
  there is * never * too much ** \u00e4 ** !, 
  i like kaurism\u00e4ki but i 'd hardly call his films realistic depictions of life here , more like caricatures . 
  the man without a past is a great film though . 
  edit : to add to that , kaurism\u00e4ki 's popularity has done some strange things for finland 's image abroad . 
  i 've met quite a few foreigners on my travels who seemed to take those films a bit too literally and were surprised to find out that finland is n't actually quite as bleak as that . 
  fiscally speaking yes . 
  but over here we tend to make a division between economic and social liberalism , which is more difficult to define by the political spectrum . 
  in some issues they 're on the left , on others they 're on the right . 
  on some social issues i 'd say they 're further right than most american politicians . 
  swedish language teaching in schools has absolutely nothing to do with nordic cooperation or anything else . 
  it is 100 % a domestic issue . 
  rkp is a one issue party and the issue is a system that is obsolete and a waste of resources . 
  i for one am rejoicing . 
  stubb was a lackluster pm and spent more time on twitter than working . 
  no they have n't yet , but `` eu federalists '' really want to push us in that direction which is a crying shame . 
  [ pussikaljaelokuva ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz4pos-1zay ) is almost a documentary about life in kallio . 
  oh , is this where we again pretend that all europeans have a colonial past ? 
  how fun . 
  not a king really , but [ v\u00e4in\u00e4m\u00f6inen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a4in%c3%a4m%c3%b6inen ) will supposedly return `` when he 's needed '' . 
  though that 's probably not actually part of the original myth and was added later by elias l\u00f6nnrot . 
  true , but that 's still not comparable to the situation in countries that have n't had practically any immigrants from further than their neighbouring countries until this very decade . 
  i 'm aware of particularly the usa 's background with racism and such , but still . 
  in the us if you have citizenship , you 're an american and will be treated as such . 
  racism is about individual hatred of particular groups . 
  over here it 's different . 
  here you will always be a foreigner even if you have citizenship and speak the language . 
  your children 5 generations down the line will be asked which country they 're from if they do n't look entirely native . 
  large scale immigration is a recent phenomenon that we are culturally not equipped for . 
  i think that 's the difference . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  surely it 's obvious that a population that has been more or less isolated from other populations for thousands of years , aside from the occasional war and raid , is going to be naturally more inclined to not trust foreigners than a relatively new population that is made up of migrants from a number of populations . 
  i do n't think it exactly qualifies . 
  cheeky . 
  in terms of cultural difference , going from one state in the usa to another is like going from one european country to another . 
  as a finn i 'm actually quite pleased with being the special snowflake of the group . 
  our uniqueness is our greatest strength . 
  also you forgot iceland , shame on you . 
  i think all `` new world '' countries have an innate advantage in dealing with immigration . 
  you are a nation of immigrants so there 's no culture of millenia of racism and distrust of foreigners to battle with . 
  for most european countries this kind of mass immigration from outside europe is a very new thing and they 're struggling in many areas to deal with it , not just education . 
  here in finland immigration levels are still very low but even for us immigrants show up disproportionately in crime and unemployment statistics to a staggering degree . 
  everyone seems to have a different remedy for this in mind . 
  really ? 
  i 've never met anyone like that . 
  takes all sorts i guess . 
  i do n't think there is such a thing . 
  as much as i like most of europe , this idea of a `` european identity '' and `` european values '' is a new , artificial concept and not something i can agree with . 
  we are far too different from each other for such gross generalisations . 
  have you ever met anyone who identified themselves as `` european '' ? 
  neither have i , because it makes no sense . 
  for sure , many countries share large similarities with each other , politically , culturally , linguistically etc. 
  but europe is , after all , split into many groups of similar countries that are not so similar to each other . 
  we in finland have a lot in common with our nordic neighbours , but do we share anything with southern europeans ? 
  this is not to say i do n't like southern europe - i do , i spend a lot of time in greece and italy and enjoy it a lot . 
  but they are as foreign to me as asia or the americas . 
  in this mess , can you really find common values shared by * all * of europe ? 
  can you find one that is also unique to europe ? 
  i do n't believe so . 
  and there is nothing wrong with that . 
   2015 world press freedom index ( scandinavia is great ! ), 
  but finland is greater still !, 
  oh , it 's * you * again . 
  this is how you remember it a few years after you finished , but it certainly did n't feel as fun at the time . 
  you should do it , there are few things more calming and pleasant than being truly in the middle of nowhere . 
  knowing there is not another human being close enough that you could ever run into them by accident . 
  hiking and camping in such places is bliss . 
  and if you should choose finland to do it in , welcome !, 
  i guess it 's relative , i 've traveled around britain a bit and do n't remember seeing any true wilderness . 
  maybe i was just in the wrong place . 
  but for comparison 's sake , finland is 1.5 times bigger than the uk and has a population of 5 million , most of whom live in a few population centers . 
  so i guess it 's a matter of perspective . 
  of course we 've had those too but keep in mind we did n't even do anything the whole time and as i said , it was -35 c outside . 
  we stood around and waited for the weather to clear . 
  there was no real reason not to let us sleep other than `` fuck you '' . 
  we had a 2-week training camp where the temperature was -30 c to -35 c the entire time and weather was so poor we were n't able to actually do what we went there for ( shooting aa guns - we could n't see far enough to do it ) . 
  two weeks we spent shoveling snow in the middle of a forest for lack of anything better to do . 
  it was unbelievably cold . 
  i mean , -35 c is tolerable when you only spend a short time outside and go in to warm up . 
  we were camped out in that weather for the whole time , only getting 4-5 hours of rest in our warm tents each day . 
  three guys got bad frostbite and got to leave early . 
  we can do that here in finland too and we have all those cute bears , wolves , lynx and moose . 
  the thing is they tend to avoid humans . 
  although with how densely populated britain is , i wonder how much wild living space they would realistically get over there . 
  they asked for areas that would make defending finland impossible and were going to annex the country afterwards .
