  though nato support has also been rising here , finns are still overwhelmingly against the idea the last time i checked . 
  but we may have no choice if sweden joins - it 's not exactly an ideal situation for us to end up the only `` neutral '' country in the area . 
  russia did n't believe in finnish neutrality before , i doubt they will in the future . 
  we 'd just have all of the downsides of nato with none of the benefits . 
  i do n't like nato , but it may come to that and we may have to just be realistic . 
  it 's alright , and i do n't fundamentally disagree that russia has historically at best been unstable , at worst . . well , you know . 
  but we have quite a colourful common history with them , and it 's all a bit complicated . 
  in the end , we have to live next to each other so it 'd be best for everyone if we could try to get along . 
  tell me more about my country , friend . 
  debatable , there certainly were some individuals who dreamed of `` suur-suomi '' back in those days . 
  obviously though , the main goal and the one finns generally were after , was reclaiming the old border . 
  i suppose honoring allied war veterans is out of the question also , then , for allying with stalin . 
  you do n't think finland has experience with russia ? 
  it was snowing here too just a couple days ago , haha . 
  ca n't hear you over the sound of overwhelming freedom . 
  finns are just eternal pessimists who are n't satisfied if any other country does anything better , and even when we 're declared # 1 at something people still scoff at it and say that there must be something wrong with their criteria . 
  well , it 's only a smallish group of people probably , only very vocal . 
  you 'll hear people loudly complaining that their bus was a minute late again , which is highly amusing as someone who 's actually lived in a bunch of different countries . 
  are the colours in the first picture supposed to represent something ? 
  edit : on closer examination , they seem completely random . 
  i 'm guessing just to distinguish borders more easily . 
  easy and affordable traveling around the greatest continent on earth . 
  when it comes to identity and things like that , i 'm not so into pan-europeanism . 
  though our countries have similarities , they have many more differences , and that 's great . 
  we do n't need a `` european identity '' . 
  i wonder how finland would look today if there had n't been a unifying war early on . 
  maybe we still would 've gotten over it . 
  however , it 's still a tough subject for some people , my grandparents refuse to talk about it and to this day i do n't know which side my family were on , though i have my suspicions . 
  i remember we had history lessons in school about the civil war , and some time was spent on its aftermath and effect on modern society . 
  and how , for a long time , how you referred to the war had to be pretty delicate ( there were terms like freedom war , war of brothers , the people 's war , class war , rebellion etc ) . 
  most of the statistics that matter look pretty similar , actually . 
  obviously i was n't implying that norway is n't wealthier especially recently , but in terms of living standards our countries are fairly similar . 
  and you ca n't really translate things like gdp straight into quality of life for individual citizens . 
  there is more to it than that . 
  it does n't look upper class to me , and although i ca n't speak for op , people here generally do n't like to flaunt their wealth by purchasing expensive cars . 
  i think most people see it as a bit juvenile and prefer a functional and environmentally friendly vehicle . 
  in cities a lot of people do n't drive at all . 
  we 're having a warm spring :-), 
  having been to norway , i have n't seen any difference in living standards . 
  no , it 's the same here . 
  i do n't agree with that guy at all , this is very average in my experience . 
  if you do n't live near central helsinki , this is typical . 
  if we used the `` shit weather '' excuse , we 'd only do it twice a year . 
  i seem to recall them also voting for justin bieber 's next tour to go to north korea . 
  he did n't go through with it . 
  yeah , we had negative growth one quarter and now we 're still `` the next greece '' 6 months later . 
  frankly , i think declining birth rates is a good thing if anything . 
  sadly , they 're not declining in the real problem zones ( developing countries ) , but it 's a good start . 
  from an environmental perspective , we 're going in the right direction . 
  i think it 's time to stop the fantasy of unlimited growth and consider preservation instead . 
  that actually is not related to inbreeding at all . 
  edit : i assume the downvotes are from people who do n't understand genetics or know about our history . 
  so let me educate you . 
  finns have unique hereditary diseases because we have a unique gene pool , but it is actually quite a large one . 
  finns were not originally a single ethnicity , we are mixed from at least a few different ones - none of which are closely related to any other peoples today . 
  there is a lot of genetic variance within finns , and our gene pool is one of the healthiest in the world ( only a few countries have less birth defects ) . 
  what this means is that we have some diseases other ethnicities do n't , but also lack many diseases that others do have . 
  therefore , not inbred , just a large bottleneck . 
  i do n't think so , but it does n't change anything either way . 
  well , `` hen '' is literally a loan word from finnish so they 're trying . 
  without much success , apparently . 
  i can name at least 10 bars off the top of my head that do happy hours currently . 
  as for advertising , sports teams and some other organisations seem to get away with it , but they are being faded out recently for sure . 
  also , i regularly attend a pub quiz where the main prizes are drinks . 
  almost all of those are `` technically '' illegal but practically done everywhere and all the time . 
  which goes to show how ridiculous everyone considers those laws , since we 've usually got such a boner for regulations . 
  i actually had a very similar experience on a guided tour in czech republic last summer . 
  the guide talked in length about the swedes and their pillaging and brutality , about all the artifacts that were stolen and so on . 
  `` those damn swedes '' , i said . 
  `` those damn swedes '' , we agreed . 
  in the end i let him know that at the time , finland was actually part of sweden and my ancestors probably had some part in it all . 
  it was a bit awkward . 
   and yes , in free societies terrorist attacks are inevitable times like these it feels great to be small and irrelevant . 
  no terrorism here , friends . 
   my comment was ofc . 
  meant as sort of a joke yeah , but i 'm just saying : ) i think sweden and norway have kind of the same problem , in that wood is a superior and more available material for construction than stone up here , so typically the only medieval era buildings that have survived are major works like castles and large churches . 
  stone buildings are n't really great for cold temperatures and we have so much lumber we do n't know what to do with it . 
  that 's why an 18th century wooden church is fairly significant , even though we have a lot of them . 
   at the same time , i do n't think that converting the baltic tribes to christianity was as important to the crusaders as they make it out to be i think they covered this point fairly well , in saying that the northern crusades were probably mostly about conquest and colonisation rather than conversion , even though it certainly was driven by religious fervour . 
  small populations in the northeastern corner of the continent were n't probably considered all that significant , but there was a drive to bring them under the vatican 's influence . 
  this was after all the last area of europe where paganism was the norm . 
  we 'd need to have mosques first . 
  there are older churches of course , but it 's old enough to be significant , especially since it 's wooden . 
  those are n't preserved nearly as easily and as well as stone chruches . 
  also especially in northern and eastern parts of the country , a lot of those places were burnt down many times in different conflicts in the past . 
  a lot of stuff has been lost . 
  it 's not getting downvotes because it 's true , but because it 's a stupid question . 
  nobody mentioned paganism , yet he 's playing the victim . 
  this is about historical buildings , not religion . 
  of course it 's sad that so many pagan artifacts and holy sites have been destroyed . 
  christianity in its early days was responsible for a lot of shit . 
  we do n't have a lot by western standards i think . 
  there are too many federalists . 
  that is actually nightmare fuel for me . 
  and then went on to shit all over it this past year . 
  you need to give us money so there is an actual debt first . 
  it seems like lately every finnish economy-related piece of barely-news is posted here , i find it a bit weird . 
   first of all , almost nobody takes johan b\u00e4ckman seriously in finland , not even people who are anti-nato and anti-eu . 
  most people know he is a russian puppet and an idiot . 
  this is pretty much the only reasonable part of your comment .
