   you accept having to do hard work because you 're a man , but for women , it 'd be `` a punishment '' . 
  just because i have to do something , does n't mean it makes sense to force others to do it because it 's `` fair '' . 
  when i had to mow the lawn as a kid , i did n't ask that my brother would have to do it too because the lawn only needs to be mowed once . 
  more importantly , i said in the first place that i 'm not opposed to women having to do something like military service - because i 'm not . 
  i just do n't really care if they do . 
  stop being so butthurt . 
   more like when it 's comfortable for women let me get this right , you 're implying i think women 's issues are more important than men 's issues ? 
  you would be wrong . 
  i care even less about those , unless it 's something that actually matters . 
   discrimination applies all the time , the importance of a military only in selected few times the military does n't just stop existing between wars . 
  it 's there primarily as a deterrent . 
  there are few things more important and i think it 's absolutely laughable anyone would consider `` gender issues '' to be up there . 
   you mention `` civil service '' , which i can tell you , no , i do n't support giving women an extra option in every obligation just because they 're women men can also opt to do civil service instead of military service already . 
  my suggestion was simply that women would choose civil service primarily , where as about 10 % of men currently choose it . 
   having been in the military myself i can assure you that there are several women that were absolutely fit for the military and that the training itself was n't too hard for most men and that it would n't be too hard for the fit modern woman . 
  you did not say anything i did n't already say myself . 
   maybe you should n't have misinterpreted my comment in the first place if you did n't want to get a downvote . 
  read the community rules and guidelines , then . 
  the vote button is not for likes/dislikes , it is for trolls . 
   equality is more important than national defence . 
  quote of the year . 
   all equality would do for finland is having more soldiers ready in case big bear attacks . 
  we do n't really need more soldiers than we have with the current model , we need combat infrastructure and support roles . 
  we need people doing the jobs that are left behind . 
  we already have one of the largest armies in europe in sheer manpower , when we include the reserve . 
  you may argue women could be trained for such things during peace time , with the option of doing military training instead . 
  i would n't disagree . 
  for me this is really a non-issue . 
   obviously , you do n't care about equality but i do , when it matters . 
  i do n't believe in punishing people for punshment 's sake . 
  there has to be a purpose to it . 
  `` we have to do it too '' is not sufficient to me . 
  and , as i already said a dozen times , i 'm absolutely not opposed to women having to do a similar form of service , such as civil service . 
  i just do n't think it 's a major issue worth crying over . 
   some people with a victim mentality think it 's ok how they 're mistreated . 
  as i have already explained , i feel rather indifferent about it . 
  you seem to be the one with the victim mentality , even though you 're not a finnish male and i am . 
  we all have our duties . 
  having been through the military i can tell you with first hand experience that it 's too much for the majority of women . 
  it 's too much for a good portion of men too . 
  that is the physical reality . 
  if you ca n't do the bare minimum physically , you 're a liability in that world . 
  and as i already said , there are women who can and do fulfill those physical requirements , but they 're few and far between and i 'm not sure screening all women for the few gems is worth it . 
  they 're already struggling to come up with things to do for the men that are n't strong enough for combat roles . 
  i would also like to add , the voting system is not intended to be used as a ` like ' button for comments you agree or disagree with . 
  we do not have enough people for a volunteer army , i think we can all agree on that and it 's the basis of the entire discussion we 're having . 
  of course i would be all for abolishing conscription if we did n't need it . 
  when i said it 's necessary , i meant it 's * necessary * . 
  we are a country of 5 million and our border with russia is longer than the rest of the eu 's combined . 
  we need a strong defence and we simply do n't have the manpower without conscription . 
  keep in mind also that you * are * allowed to do civil service instead of military here . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is just not true . 
  there are non-combat roles where physical strength is n't needed , but they 're a minority and do not by and large require military training . 
  for 95 % of infantry positions , physical strength and resilience is one of the most important traits . 
  your gear is very heavy , you have long marches and might not get to sleep for several days in a row . 
  there are women who can put up with that for sure , but are here enough that mass conscription of women is worth it ? 
  they already have the option to join voluntarily . 
   you think that egalitarians want to make `` women 's lives worse '' - which , haha , sorry but indirectly admits to conscription actually making men 's lives worse yes , i outright said that . 
  conscription makes men 's lives worse . 
  making women go through it does not improve men 's lives though . 
  that was my point . 
   you 're willfully ignorant of , get that , your own sex ' discrimination ignorant , no . 
  indifferent , yes . 
   biology is imparted but discrimination is chosen sometimes it 's necessary , like in this case . 
  it 's necessary for us to have a strong national defence . 
  it 's necessary , then , for men to be conscripted . 
  is it necessary for women ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm not opposed to it , but i do n't particularly care about it or think it 's going to solve anything . 
  what you 're essentially talking about here is `` make women go through it too so it 's fair ! '', 
  when it does n't necessarily make any practical sense . 
  when talking about national defence , practical sense should be the only one that matters . 
  if you want , i can find you the link to a video ( in finnish ) of a prominent feminist politician in finland being asked about the conscription model ( her being a feminist and all ) saying she sees absolutely nothing wrong with the current model . 
  i think women that would make good soldiers already by and large volunteer for military service . 
  i 'm sure the government can figure out appropriate tasks for women in times of war . 
  some of them will be in the battlefield , as volunteering for military service is already allowed for women . 
  i must admit , gender issues are not very interesting to me and i do n't have a bone to pick with women for not having to go through what i have to go through in some aspects of life . 
  ultimately , i care about the defence of the country a lot more and if that imparts certain duties to me , so be it . 
  my life will not improve by making other people 's lives worse and the world is not always equal and fair . 
  tl ; dr i do n't really care, 
  a very complicated issue . 
  i guess the short answer would be , we are also worried about nato . 
  not to mention , it 's only longer than basic infantry service . 
  a lot of people end up doing the full year , not all of them voluntarily . 
  civil service is a much cushier deal , no contest . 
  nothing major . 
  there 's always talk , of all sorts of things . 
  but the situation does n't seem to be changing any time soon . 
  just so happens that the two sexes are not biologically identical . 
  it 's a fact that means there can not ever be true equality , physical realities simply get in the way . 
  i hated my time in the military but i also think it 's necessary . 
  we ca n't rely on outsiders to take care of us . 
  we ca n't rely on foreign military aid , history has taught us this much . 
  i 'm not as unnerved as i 'm amused . 
   and k\u00e4pyl\u00e4 is in fact rather sought-after neighbourhood to live in . 
  particularly `` puu - `` k\u00e4pyl\u00e4 is the best part of helsinki in my opinion . 
  it 's interesting because i 'm used to constantly getting jokes about alcoholism when people find out i 'm finnish . 
  a refreshing change . 
  who knows . 
  it was a mistake to join , but it 's of course easy to say in hindsight .
