  [ cycling in this weather has been a riot ] ( http://depressedalien.com/large/143.png ) . 
  i 'm having to use ski goggles and all , it looks pretty goofy . 
  i think so too . 
  it 's not the prettiest city in the country ( though it has nice areas ) , but there 's something about tampere that makes it very difficult to dislike . 
  the people there are exceptionally friendly in my experience . 
  one summer me and a friend had a few hours to kill between buses in tampere , so we went to a park to drink a few beers . 
  in a few hours , we were approached by many people inviting us to join them for something or other ( parties , concerts , all sorts of things ) . 
  i do n't know if we just looked particularly approachable at that time , but i felt like that sort of thing happens less frequently in other parts of the country . 
  we do all have significant cultural similarities , but plenty of differences as well . 
  finland especially may be the odd one out , since we 've got our own special snowflake language and mythology and all . 
  still , i barely even consider other nordics foreigners . 
  it becomes especially apparent when i travel and run into a bunch of swedes in budapest , for example . 
  yes , same here . 
  france and belgium regularly score higher than finland in that respect , but i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone talk about their suicide rates . 
  i guess it 's just something people automatically associate with the far north . 
  it 's the same with alcoholism , our alcohol consumption was around the european average the last time i checked ( that 's not to say alcoholism is n't a problem , just that it 's blown out of proportion ) . 
  but i suppose it 's not surprising , especially as a smaller country people tend to just have stereotypes based on geographical location as much as anything else . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've been asked while abroad whether finns speak swedish or russian , or what i think about us * `` abandoning our viking heritage '' * or something ridiculous . 
  i ca n't fault them for not knowing a lot about our country as there are only 5 million of us , but people do tend to make those sorts of connections by the larger countries that are next to us . 
   finland has the highest suicide rate in the world it 's certainly not low at # 33 ( according to who ) , but it 's not that bad either . 
  people like saying it on the internet though , for whatever reason . 
   eternal cold , dark winter if our winter is cold and dark , our summer is warm and bright . 
  well , the actual temperatures are n't very consistent each year , but certainly it 's very sunny , and our actual sunshine hours per year are higher than many more southern countries as a result . 
  about time , good on you ruotsi . 
  and sorry about the shitty refereeing in today 's hockey game . 
  how is it in any way unreasonable to call a chicken a chicken ? 
  nobody , except people with a very pro-nato view , ever argue on the basis that if you 're not with nato you have to be with russia . 
  absolutely no one . 
  i 'll concede that it 's a pretty loaded term to use , but so are his . 
  it 's what you are and what you 're doing , it 's a descriptor . 
  why do you nato shills always assume that you ca n't dislike both nato and russia at the same time ? 
  how about this one a finn and a russian went into a sauna . 
  [ the russian died ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/aug/08/sauna-championship-russian-dead ) . 
  it is growing . 
  it was negative for one quarter , we 're back to growth . 
   finlandization oh boy , this thing again . 
  no , that 's bullshit . 
  it 's always the expert reddit political historians who bring this up . 
  i watched this video expecting some overlap with finnish christmas foods , but to my surprise there was none !, 
  that 's very interesting actually . 
  none of those are familiar to me , except the herring ( though we typically do n't prepare it like that ) . 
  it also pleases me that your traditional dishes do n't look particularly delicious either . 
  it seems to be limited to anglo countries for now , but i 'm worried about this disease starting to spread to other countries . 
  we are of the same stock . 
   everyone 's map just cuts off the northern part so finland is n't even visible or only barely peeks out the top o-okay . . 
  to be fair , i was in a coffee shop yesterday working on something , there were two girls in the table next to me and it took me a whole 10 minutes to realise they were speaking french and not russian . 
  i felt a bit silly , and it suddenly made sense why the waitress told them * bon app\u00e9tit * and it made them giggle . 
  when you hear mumbled/garbled speech you look for melody and the sounds that stick out , which can make the language sound like something you would n't expect . 
  italian . 
  and i can kind of understand it , aside from the stress the pronounciation is pretty damn similar . 
  me and an italian friend also found that we both have a pretty easy time pronouncing each other 's language without any learning or education in it . 
  well , i guess getting taken out of your comfort zone to something really foreign can do that . 
  growing up near/in forests , they 're my comfort place . 
  if i really want to relax , i go hiking or camping on my own . 
   5-6 hours daylight if only , that sounds like some kind of southern paradise . 
  this * is * the shit weather . 
  cold will make it better because it wo n't be so wet . 
  yeah , let 's give homes and jobs to people who have n't even been through the application process . 
  great idea . 
  national pride will sustain me . 
  i just meant that i do n't see why we would start celebrating foreign paganism here when we have our own , especially since foreigners often do n't seem to know that we are n't norse . 
  how rude and offensive , i 'm not such a whore for capitalism . 
  tourists will know ukko . . or else !, 
   norse pfft , we have our own [ finnish paganism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_paganism ) . 
  yeah , and i 've seen americans and canadians threatening to move to europe . 
  i guess the grass is always greener . 
   there is a place where everything is good and my problems are solved ? 
  of course i cling to that believe to the point of delusion . 
  and there are all these pictures , my friends in europe rich with brand clothing and cash ? 
  only more proof . 
  it 's the human condition , is n't it ? 
  people do this in wealthy western countries as well . 
  the finnish subreddit gets these posts all the time , and i 'm sure this happens in all other national subreddits . 
  * `` i 'm sick of living in my country , the politics are shit and the people suck . 
  how can i move to your country , where all my problems would be fixed ? 
  '' * people believe it because they want it to be true . 
  they believe going somewhere else will fix not only their problems , but their own character flaws . 
  give finnmark please, 
  we have one fjord , but it 's kind of shitty and inland . 
  yeah , it 's a bit absurd . 
  they believed there is a country so obscenely wealthy that they 're just giving money to random strangers because they do n't know what to do with it anymore . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  of course you 're not going to get a life of luxury if you come here as a refugee . 
  our economy is doing bad compared to what it was a few years ago , but it 's still one of the top economies in europe and the world . 
  and it 's only dark in the winter , our amount of sunlight hours per year is actually pretty high . 
  i think by now not even the most deluded early deniers are claiming that the refugees we get are mostly actual refugees . 
  even news outlets that were bent on denying it early on have turned around to admit that what we have in our hands is mainly economic migrants , with a sprinkling of refugees here and there . 
  it should be pretty obvious just from the fact that they have traveled through a dozen wealthy and safe eu countries to get here , spending potentially thousands of euros in the process . 
  yeah , i mean there have been articles about this same thing before and iraqis complaining that it 's cold and there 's just forest . . in finland . 
  haha . 
  this is pretty funny . 
  they know !, 
  shut it down !, 
  to be fair it 's just for self-defence . 
  i do n't know how willing people would be to go fight abroad for other eu countries . 
  igor is flying drunk again ? 
  i feel like russia is getting a bit too frisky lately with these constant violations . 
  maybe it 's time to grow a set of balls and shoot a few planes down for old times ' sake . 
  i do n't think you can really generalise such a system for all of europe , not all countries do it the same way . 
  here , many of the `` skilled '' positions are filled by conscripts as well .
