  can we get an extension to krakow ? 
  i visited there last year and liked it . 
  how is that physically possible, 
  fair enough . 
  i have argued with southerners about the validity of wood as a building material several times . 
  we 're not all the same , friend . 
  i met a french couple while traveling last year and they invited me to visit them in toulouse . 
  maybe i should . 
  i was there last summer and had a great time . 
  everybody was super nice to me . 
  made many new friends . 
  for some reason , perhaps some old buzzfeed-like article or something , a lot of people are under the impression that finland has the highest suicide rate in the world . 
  other countries with higher suicide rates such as france or belgium do n't seem to get this same `` fact '' associated with them . 
  i guess it 's just easy to believe for southerners who associate north with cold and dark . 
  people in online discussions also love to point out that finland fought on the same side as the nazis . 
  conveniently forgetting that we were under attack by a common enemy , which was also a dictatorship famed for its disregard for human life . 
  you 're not left with many options in that situation . 
  i think a lot of people use it to refer to all former soviet countries . 
  whether that comes with ignorant and negative stereotypes or not depends entirely on the person . 
   ireland - that we 're all alcoholics and love being told so . 
  we have this in common !, 
  i think any city calling themselves `` the capital of [ region ] '' is going to come off more than a bit arrogant especially to their neighbours . 
  stockholm is nice enough though . 
  it certainly has its charms . 
  certain districts are prettier and others are uglier . 
  i can understand that it might not appeal to everybody 's tastes , but i love it . 
  i doubt anybody 's going to call out some minor town nobody 's heard of if the question is phrased this way . 
  and everything has at least two sides , it seems the more popular a city is the more haters it also has . 
  in general , everywhere i go people seem to talk shit about their country 's capital city ( particularly people who do n't live there ) , yet those cities are also popular for good reason . 
  no place will ever be universally loved . 
  the eu has free movement of people and goods , so presumably a ban in sweden would not prevent people from other parts of the eu from bringing them in , unless they wish to introduce a special lobster-focused border control . 
  why are you so upset ? 
  i said in the first place that these statistics do n't mean anything and they 're just for fun . 
  calm the fuck down , man . 
   you do n't seem like you 're having fun , it seems you 're skewing things out of nationalism . 
  projecting or . . ? 
  with more people comes a bigger talent pool . 
  i think at the very least you 'd find it an interesting taste . 
  it 's not bad but i would n't drink much of it in one sitting . 
  a pretty unique drink . 
  finland has been producing beers of different kinds for literally centuries . 
  per capita is pretty relevant when you consider how vast size differences are between countries . 
  a country of 320 million is obviously going to have a slight advantage over a country of 2 million . 
  anyway this is all just for fun , these statistics do n't actually mean anything beyond being interesting . 
  in what way would you say swedish is useful for our children 's future ? 
  i 'll give you 2/10 for effort . 
  how will we ever improve if we do n't whip ourselves over the smallest things ? 
  we do n't feel threatened at all . 
  most of us , at least . 
  regardless , i think assuming they personally know the police officers over there might be a bit much . 
   jante law is n't that some danish thing ? 
  as i understand it , police in the us have a lot more to worry about than the police over here . 
  i think it 's a bit unfair to compare the two without taking into account the risks they face . 
  the worst your average finnish cop has to deal with is a public masturbator or a smelly drunk person . 
  the benefits of random acts of violence being very rare , i guess . 
  my last interaction with the police here was when me and my roommate were drunk out of our minds playing dark souls at 4 in the morning , making a lot of noise . 
  apparently one of the neighbours called the cops and told them `` somebody 's screaming in there '' . 
  they showed up , i explained the situation and we all had a laugh . 
  the older officer commented that `` computer games sure have come a long way '' as he watched my roommate play for a bit . 
  they told us to keep it down and stop worrying our neighbours . 
  i 've previously had a look at some of their videos and stuff out of morbid curiosity , and that 's exactly what first stood out to me . 
  they have their own nutty image of american racial dynamics and demographics , and then talk about it as if it 's somehow universal . 
  upon finding out i 'm from finland , one of them personally accused me of colonialism and enslaving `` their people '' . 
  as retarded as it is to hold somebody accountable for the actions of their ancestors , it is a whole new level of retarded to do so for somebody else 's ancestors entirely . 
  when did finns ever have black slaves ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most finns had n't even seen non-european foreigners at the time this was a thing in the us . 
  i mean traditionally when you call someone `` dark '' here , you mean someone with brown hair and eyes . 
  racial dynamics in different parts of the world differ quite a lot . 
  i do n't even consider `` white '' a meaningful term in any way . 
  it 's almost like these people are dumb attention whores with victim complexes . 
  to be fair , most of ours are from before any of us were born . 
  it 's not a problem when you 're a small peaceful country that just wants to be left alone and has no desire to fight foreign wars in the first place . 
   i assume that this graph is more about how people see the average police on the street , and its incompetent leadership is n't taken into consideration ? 
  i would assume so . 
  we had some scandals related to our police leadership too . 
   finland actually is under a constant ( russian ) threat that 's a bit of a weird way to put it . 
  we have historical reasons to be on our toes and we know who our potential enemy would be every time . 
  that said , it 's not like we 're expecting war any time soon . 
  the fdf is as much about being a deterrence as it is an actual war time military force . 
   just about every country with conscription laws wants to get rid of them really ? 
  not a lot of talk about abolishing conscription here . 
  sorry to say this but your significant other sounds like he 's pretty paranoid . 
  after all , what is life without high speed around the clock shitposting ? 
  i think there are two main ways to interprete this question . 
  do you trust your military to do the right thing/do you trust your military 's power or ability to defend the country . 
  having it clumped together * is * a bit vague , i think . 
   and we only lost 30 % of our land !, 
  you mean 10 % . 
  makes more sense , although some of those indicators are still somewhat up for interpretation . 
  huh . 
  a lot of those factors are n't actually directly related to safety at all . 
  what a strange way to go about this . 
  maybe they should 've gone for a different title . 
  how about a 100 000 saunas ? 
  rude !, 
  there 's nothing wrong with being a bit flat . 
  it 's not a gift if you do n't choose to do it !, 
  the latter . 
   and more importantly it makes me think what could be the awesome gift finland could give norway . 
  the city of lahti .
