  makes it sound like you believe finns currently speak swedish . 
  it 's actually a pretty small minority . 
   it 's nothing new , been on the rise ever since finland became independent , maybe even before that . 
  that ca n't be the case because swedish has n't been taught as mandatory for more than a few decades now . 
  more accurate than i expected . 
  because we have a fairly extensive welfare state which includes public healthcare . 
  the more alcoholics there are , the more people have to pay to treat them through taxes . 
  it 's also obviously better to have a healthier population . 
  i do n't fully agree with all this because i think the individual should have more right to choose and we should focus on treating the people with acohol abuse problems instead of restricting everyone else . . but the argument for high alcohol taxes has some merit . 
  well the good thing is if you have a specific request they 'll usually order it abroad for you and might even stock it for a limited time if it makes sense . 
  seconded , it 's a publicity stunt . 
  i mean , the fact that in my 25 years of living in helsinki i 've never even heard of this contest says something , i think . 
  in fact , i only heard of it today thanks to the controversy on international subreddits , which is actually pretty amusing . 
  i 've yet to hear any finns talk about it . 
  pretty women do n't enter these contests and certainly are n't picked to win . 
  i have no idea why they even exist at this point . 
  after some of the articles about finland that popped up after the crimea thing i can certainly relate . 
  what mental gymnastics are used to include finland in that ? 
  is it just because the brits `` declared war '' in ww2 ( but did n't actually fight us or come here ) ? 
  but is n't the entire point here that mannerheim and finland did n't have anything to do with leningrad ? 
  i honestly do n't care at all about any plaques . 
  not if the relation is that distant . 
  you would n't call indians and germans the same ethnic group either even though they both speak an indo-european language . 
  true enough . 
  language , not ethnic group . 
  there 's a big difference between being european ( as in living on the european continent ) and assuming some kind of pan-european identity . 
  i wonder about the methodology here because the question seems incredibly vague . 
  a couple of people were injured because the driver had a stroke . 
  i 'm not really sure why it got posted here , it 's the definition of local news . 
  this is one of the less weird cases though , as they seem to have actually coloured areas with significant swedish-speaking populations ( even if they are a minority still ) . 
  often you see such maps with the entire coastline coloured `` swedish '' and quite a bit of inland as well . 
  pretty ridiculous . 
  greece , you 're alright, 
  a couple of people were injured ( no deaths ) in what was almost certainly an accident , how is this worth posting ? 
  nobody lives there except for old drunks , who are also the only people killing each other . 
  more russian and german than english , english words are very recent additions . 
  feel free to provide another source where finland is n't nordic and is eastern european . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_countries, 
  but we are nordic , not scandinavian . 
  and we 've never been part of eastern europe . 
  to me it sounds like you do n't have a lot of knowledge on this subject . 
  try google . 
  i 've never met anyone who thinks we 're scandinavian . 
  just a countryside meme . 
  nope . 
  why is what ? 
  why is it weird or why are they coloured this way ? 
  it 's always so weird seeing maps like this where the finnish coast is coloured as if it 's majority swedish speaking . 
  norway did n't share a border with russia before wwii . 
  why do n't you build a wall ? 
  somehow i feel targeting tourists in finnish would be a silly thing to do, 
  they want to build a museum here . 
  what else do you need ? 
  i 'd say the most important . 
  there does n't seem to be consensus . 
  the swamp hypothesis seems to have somewhat fallen out of favour , but i 'm no linguist so maybe someone else can talk more about it . 
  from what i 've seen , there 's a lot of debate and not a lot of clear answers when it comes to finnish etymology in general . 
  we have more lakes than imagination , i guess . 
  a lot of those seem fairly inaccurate or straight up wrong . 
  they know !, 
  shut it down !, 
  sounds like one of those internet things that gets spread out and blown out of proportion . 
  i read a lot of things about finnish education on the internet and they are almost always false or misleading . 
  just posting the same thing every time this is posted : this is not a map of genetic makeup or closeness between peoples , and frankly 99,99 % of the people looking at this will completely misinterpret it , just as the op most likely has . 
  better that the autumn . 
   relatively recently man , that was several centuries ago . 
  denmark is an exotic continental country, 
  it sure as hell makes it a lot easier though . 
  that 's part of our culture . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted , i think the sense of togetherness and community at least here in finland is a big part of how our society works . 
  there 's more trust between people and public institutions than in most countries and an expectation that we 're all working for the common good . 
  that has its negative sides as well of course , but i think it 's the main reason everything works the way it does here . 
  it does happen . 
  flag days is not a thing in other countries ? 
  i lived in cardiff for a year at one point and traveled around the uk a bit during that time , i had plenty to do personally . 
  i do n't know , i guess it depends on your interests . 
   quiet country yep  with not a whole lot to do do n't really know how to answer this as i do n't think i 've ever considered the possibility that there are countries with `` not a whole lot to do '' . 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty to do anywhere . 
  maybe it 's a case of not knowing what i 'm missing but i ca n't think of anything i want to do that i ca n't do in finland . 
  the first time i heard about it was from a swede on reddit , so i would say no . 
  they have their own shelf because they 're not available normally . 
  on the other hand due to glacial rebound finland is rising from the sea every year . 
  while you guys find a new life under water we will be ruling the skies . 
  the fenni are what they called the sami at the time , and this description does not come from a person who has personally met any . 
  i suggest doing a bit of googling of your own not only because i 'm not an expert ( and therefore likely to get details wrong ) , but also because i could n't be arsed . 
  but let me put it this way : haplogroups are typically used to research ancient migration patterns . 
  they tell you next to nothing about the genetic makeup of a modern population . 
  basically , you ca n't use them to tell which populations more resemble each other . 
  i suspect these maps are so popular on the internet because people see words like * dna * written on them and make their own conclusions on what they must be . 
  i 'm going to keep posting this every time a haplomap is posted without explanation : this is not a genetic map . 
  this is a haplogroup map . 
  they are very different things . 
  as usual it seems 99 % of the people commenting here do not know what the difference is , which is why posting these things without any clarification is so pointless . 
  read up on haplogroups for more information . 
   better than 250 days of snow . 
  i absolutely would not agree with that . 
  snow over rain any day . 
  it 's nice that you think highly of us but estonia has plenty to be proud of on its own . 
  when people call finland eastern sweden on the internet , even ironically , i want to start a war . 
  i do get it , but including it over including actual european countries is still a strange decision .
