  i can assure you we drink quite a bit at home too . 
  it just costs more . 
  . . unlike finland , where we did n't even get to vote and politicians just decided it was for the best . 
  it was n't . 
  i was referring to the 90 's depression , but sure why not . 
  we 've handled worse times on our own , thanks . 
  europe is not a country . 
  the difference is quite insignificant . 
  is your answer to cover your ears and hum loudly ? 
  it 's not racist to point out the cold hard fact that immigrants from certain backgrounds are up to ten times more likely to rape than any other ethnic group in the country . 
  what you do with that fact is another thing . 
  the article is wrong . 
  none of them were jailed . 
   yet ethnic fins make up 90 % of the population , with another 5 % to ethnic swedes . 
  actually , those 5 % `` ethnic swedes '' are ethnic finns called fennoswedes . 
  it 's just a linguistic difference , not an ethnic one . 
  ethnic finns make up 95 % of the population , the other 5 % are mostly swedes , estonians and russians . 
  african and middle-eastern immigrants are only around 1-2 % of the population iirc . 
  edit : much closer to 1 than to 2 % . 
  i have no desire or time to go in full detail here , but i 'll say a few things . 
  right now , finland has the largest artillery in europe . 
  we have almost a million troops in reserve . 
  we 've had over 70 years to plan for such a war , as it is the only reasonable threat we have . 
  all our bridges are built so we can demolish them quickly , the land between us and russia is nothing but old thick forests and swamps , making conventional warfare extremely tricky for an offensive . 
  our land has thousands of hidden weapon stashes and bunkers for guerilla war . 
  lots of highways are built so our planes can use them for landings or take offs easily . 
  the coastal line is shallow and craggy , full of surveillance equipment and will be filled with mines along with the entire baltic sea . 
  this is just a bit of it . 
  now , i 'm not saying we can absolutely defeat them on our own , but that 's not what our defense strategy is anyway . 
  it 's based on deterrent . 
  they know that an invasion simply is n't worth it , because the result will be catastrophic losses on their side and absolute international condemnation , and war with the eu . 
  why did you even bring up something that happened so long ago ? 
  i 'm talking about modern times obviously . 
  sounds to me like you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   finns speak mostly finnish and not russian it might be because the two are not in any way related and we have no reason , historical or contemporary , to speak russian . 
  it 's a rare pleasure to read a comment that saves me the trouble of posting something myself , but there you go . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  i hated my time in the army too , but i still think it 's necessary . 
  certainly better than the alternative , keeping a small professional army with absolutely no hope of realistically defending anything , and hoping our allies would help ( when has that ever worked out for us in the past ? ) . 
  no , we need conscription . 
  it is unfortunate , but we need it . 
   do n't compare finland to sweden or russia . 
  small country mentality . 
  even if it 's to say something nice about us , we do n't like to be compared to our larger neighbours as if we ca n't stand up on our own . 
  especially comparisons to russia can even be seen as thinly veiled insults . 
   do n't call finland scandinavian trust me , it 's a can of worms best left unopened . 
  if you want to refer to finland , sweden , norway etc. 
  together just say `` the nordic countries '' to avoid getting a geography/history lesson . 
   do n't talk about religion it 's considered a very personal thing . 
  according to polls , most people are not believers , but even they ( we ) are not generally keen on discussing it . 
  that is n't to say people will be offended , or that you should deliberately avoid the topic if it 's relevant , just keep in mind people might not be very happy to talk about it . 
   do n't tip  do n't freak out about casual nudity , particularly regarding sauna sauna is not about sex . 
   do n't talk about politics concerning nato/russia you probably do n't understand our position or mentality regarding this subject , and we do n't expect you to , so do n't even bring it up . 
  an american friend recently did so in a bar here and that conversation did n't end on a good note on anyone 's part . 
  that 's all for now . 
  there are few things you can really do or say to truly offend a finn , i think . 
  on the other hand , there are parts of russia that belong to us . 
  nokia is n't what it used to be , but it 's still very much alive . 
  same here . 
  my first time in prague , i 'll be spending a while there on interrail and it just happens to coincide with this date . 
  how is this news ? 
  membership has been `` explored '' for decades now , nothing has changed . 
  ready for round 2, 
  alright , i 'm hopping on the next plane . 
  it 's time to blanda upp . 
  i 'm glad we 're on the same page , at least . 
  the same way career politicians tend to be overwhelmingly pro-eu , because it serves their personal goals . 
  this is a representative democracy still , so it is ultimately the people that make the decision , not the military officers . 
  people are almost as against nato as they are against russia , so no . 
  probably , in some form . 
  50 years from now though , who knows ? 
  that 's what traveling is for . 
  and i would not trade a helsinki summer for anything else in the world . 
  sure , just bring the beer and chocolate . 
  that nordic domination, 
  born in helsinki , living in helsinki , planning on staying in helsinki . 
  i do like to travel but i would n't want to live anywhere else . 
  it is purely foreign media that keeps pushing this idea that we are afraid . 
  of course we are n't . 
  they have little to gain and a lot to lose in attacking us . 
  do n't tell the people of espoo this , but for all intents and purposes espoo is an extension of helsinki . 
  it has more or less all the same problems . 
  edit : i should also clarify , the reason helsinki has its housing problem is n't that there is n't space - it 's that space is n't used well and the bureocracy required to build more affordable housing is a nightmare in most cases . 
  and when new houses are built , generally they tend to be luxury appartments . 
  housing prices skyrocket because there is crazy demand and not enough supply . 
  the same is true for espoo on a smaller scale , but it 's essentially in the helsinki metropolitan area so it 's just following the same pattern a bit slower . 
  what about espoo ? 
  i 'm just saying , `` we have space '' is n't a reasonable argument because actually the places they 'll be staying , mainly helsinki , are cramped and have a housing problem . 
  just because we have vast near empty wilderness does n't mean it 'll get settled as people move in the country . 
  the thing is , people are n't evenly distributed across the land . 
  especially not immigrants . 
  they tend to settle in the largest cities only , none of them move to the countryside . 
  i ca n't really think of anything significant that applies to all european countries . 
  there are always some exceptions . 
  so , nothing i guess . 
  getting ready for war with russia is the army 's one and only job . 
  it does n't mean we 're actually looking to go to war . 
  we have proper heating , insulation and clothes up here in the north . 
  that 's about the extent of it . 
  i ca n't speak for sweden but here in finland that 's part of the argument against joining .
