  northern sweden and some more estonian vodka will do . 
  what 's the difference between an amateur terrorist and a terrorist ? 
  i think you 're overestimating russia quite a bit there . 
  primarily beer and vodka . 
  i recommend stuff by panimo hiisi , malmg\u00e5rdin panimo and vakka-suomen panimo ( prykmestar ) to start off . 
  i believe serbians do it for free . 
  i think i just saw `` protestant '' and failed to properly read over the rest . 
  finland is lutheran , and there is nothing stopping lutheran churches from looking pretty . 
  this was literally a poll done by a newspaper ( i think ) to choose the ugliest church in the country . 
  thanks 70 's brutalism . 
  older churches tend to be nicer looking than the 70 's brutalist abominations , which is why they do n't tend to get on the `` top 10 ugliest churches '' lists . 
  i think you missed the joke . 
  this was the candidates in the `` ugliest churches in finland '' poll , right ? 
  i think the second one won . 
  back off in what sense ? 
  we are n't at war or anything . 
  i know i 'm replying to a week old post , but wanted to chime in regardless . 
  how does russia hurting benefit finland exactly ? 
  i 'm distrustful of their leaders at the best of times , but i do n't hate normal russian people . 
  it gives me no pleasure to hear that they 're not doing well . 
  in fact , it has a negative impact on our economy ( not as big as many here claim , but it does ) . 
  having good relations and a peaceful border with them is beneficial to everybody , would n't you agree ? 
   `` muh sobgreinty '' `` muh money '' `` dem dirty immigrants '' and what 's wrong with those arguments ? 
  the economy is arguable , but there is no question that the eu * does * limit finland 's sovereignty , and it also * does * increase immigration . 
  in the 90 's finland wanted to snuggle up to europe in order to distance itself from russia . 
  these days this seems less important , and not many are keen to have a minority vote in how to run our own country . 
  myself , i am pro-eu but acknowledge that they 've done a shitty job and unless the eu gets its shit together , my opinion might shift in the coming years . 
  currently it 's not difficult to understand why many finns see the eu as a detriment to finland . 
  what world do you live in , where the eu did n't impose sanctions on russia ? 
  i think that gave us the edge . 
  it has n't `` crashed '' . 
  we had stagnation for a while . 
  we 're still easily among the wealthiest countries in europe . 
   if hitler had won , most of the people in those countries ( poland , or ukraine for example ) would have been exterminated this is somewhat debatable . 
  historians do n't seem to agree on the evidence and its credibility , when it comes to eastern europe 's fate under a nazi regime . 
  you may well be right , but we ca n't know for sure . 
  what we do know is that stalin 's ussr killed a huge amount of people in both russia and the occupied states . 
  i 'm sure some baltics could tell you about all the shit they went through . 
  academics and politicians were executed or put into gulags and replaced with russians . 
  mass deportations were conducted and russians were brought in to replace them . 
  you could argue that life under hitler 's regime would 've been worse , but we just do n't know . 
  what we do know is that stalin was a monstrous mass murderer . 
  i guess in the end it does n't really make much sense to argue about this though . 
  i think your cultural background informs your opinion here , and if you asked people from the former soviet block countries they would say stalin was just as bad or worse than hitler . 
  he 's right though . 
  the concept or races is fairly unscientific and arbitrary , as modern biology demonstrates . 
  there are populations that are more or less similar to each other in various ways , and that 's about the extent of it . 
  in terms of genetics and biology , race does not actually exist in humans . 
  we 're all on a sliding scale and individual genetic variation is greater than that of populations . 
  actually swedish , russian and german . 
  if english is involved , it is very recent . 
  very high and rising . 
  i 'm tempted to use sarcasm here , but i 'll just be frank to avoid any possible misunderstanding : that is a very uneducated and poorly thought out comment . 
  the same debate is going on in helsinki , but honestly i kind of agree with it . . 
  i really do n't want to ruin the city centre . 
  maybe a bit further away would be fine though . 
  i have a feeling that the other nordics would not give silent consent to getting surrounded by russia . 
  people who agree with my opinions vs people who do n't . 
  anybody reasonable . 
  you guys need an estonia . 
  ca n't go wrong with the booze merchants . 
  it weeds out the unworthy . 
  just your average finnish summer weather . 
  what is this russia you speak of ? 
  all i know is eastern finland . 
  you should also read the article , probably . 
  do n't even pretend you guys do n't talk shit about stadin slangi all the time ; ), 
  my father crashed into a moose with his brand new bmw a couple years ago . 
  in central helsinki . 
  to be fair , estonia 's visitors to finland do n't give the greatest picture either ( just look at crime statistics ) . 
  it 's a weird situation . 
  by every measurable metric , very . 
  sweden and the other nordic countries are an obvious thing to say , but it 's not so simple . 
  while we have many of the same values and cultural traits as them , finland still feels a bit different . 
  we have our own thing going on distinct from the scandinavians . 
  the next country to look toward would be estonia , with whom we have a linguistic bond . 
  however , most finns do n't really know enough about estonia to justify this , i think . 
  we have things in common , but estonia remains a mystery to many finns . 
  ultimately , finland feels maybe a bit lonely at the periphery of europe . 
  we have connections and warm relations with the nordics and the baltics , and a bit of a strange affection for germany , but we are kind of alone up here at the same time . 
  we are far from everyone , we speak a unique language , our culture can be a bit weird . 
  i do n't think most finns feel like we share a true kinship with anyone else . 
  other finns , feel free to disagree and give your own opinion if you wish . 
  we do not have all our best , first of all . 
  we 're missing plenty of players and especially goalies . 
  still a good team though . 
  also , you do realise the reason finland got an easier opponent in the qf 's is because finland was first in the ranking , right ? 
  that 's how it works . 
  you beat everyone and you get something for it . 
  canadians beat sweden 6-0 a day after getting thrashed 4-0 by finland . 
  i hope so . 
  i think it 's exclusively on the internet , but mentioning scandinavia and finland in the same sentence seems to bring out some people 's emotions . 
  swedes can irritate finns by calling us `` little brother '' or `` eastern swedes '' . 
  i know most of the time you guys probably mean those affectionately , but they can sound condescending . 
  do n't compare finland to russia . 
  i think in real life some finns are confused about that as well , because we also pretty much never use skandinavia over pohjoismaat ( the nordics ) . 
  many people probably do n't even realise there 's a difference , especially since the only time they ever hear the word scandinavia it 's in foreign media that 99 % of the time includes finland in the definition . 
  as for how it 's triggering , i do get more than a bit annoyed every time i meet someone abroad who starts doing the swedish chef from the muppets at me or talking about vikings or ikea . 
  i 've met a person who takes it seriously , so i 'm sure more of them exist . 
  for most , however , it 's either an excuse for a drinking game/other social event , or they just do n't care at all .
