  that is a worse betrayal than driving them out because you 're forced to . 
  finland has n't really done much to feel guilty for , i think . 
  and what it has done is minor compared to more or less everyone else . 
  our darkest hour was the civil war , and that 's still an emotional topic to some but guilt is not involved . 
  yet it 's been going on for 7-8 years and is one of the primary reasons for our reluctance to back greece bailouts among other things . 
  it was either alienate our 3rd largest export destination or alienate our largest export destination . 
  true enough , they do have to go through quite a few countries to get to sweden in the first place . 
  it still looks pretty bad from here though . 
  not many countries officially support free movement for illegals , even if they may allow it behind the scenes . 
  we ca n't be the entire world 's social service centre , we 're a nation of 5 million people . 
   in the process demotivating most people from work `` hey why i should work , i have money anyway '' . 
  so less people work . 
  so you need to tax more people . 
  you can already live off unemployment benefits , but very , very few people choose to do it . 
  the amount you get each month barely covers rent and food . 
  you can live off it , but it 's a pretty depressing life . 
  the suggested system would actually encourage unemployed people to work more i figure , because you 'd no longer lose your benefits for working . 
  with the current system , doing a single shift as a bartender means you lose your entire month 's benefits , so there 's no reason to work unless you can guarantee a stable job with good hours . 
  and even a minimum wage job here still pays several times more than unemployment benefits . 
  this new system would apparently make it a static 800 $ / month thing . 
  as far as benefits goes under the current system , only students would see a significant increase in their budget - which is definitely a positive thing . 
  now , i do n't know how it 'll turn out . 
  this is a large scale , potentially risky move . 
  but based on all the studies and research on smaller scale tests , it could be a huge success . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see . 
  we would n't have to if sweden honored the dublin agreement . 
  you do n't see why easier movement between countries makes it easier for illegal immigrants to move too ? 
  we do n't have a wall with checkpoints on our northern border . 
  however , it was pointed out that sweden already gives free tickets to finland or norway to migrants that do n't have id , so i guess it does n't really matter after all . 
  which is a travesty , but i guess you 're right . 
  just as many native english speakers have a hard time rolling their r , even though it feels totally natural to me . 
  it 's a weird thing , but the way you were brough up to use your mouth to make sounds is pretty important . 
  only rare , very talented individuals find it easy to adopt vocalisations from different languages . 
  for example , many east asian languages sound really difficult to us . 
  for natives though , it does n't take any extra effort to pronounce those sounds , it 's the most natural thing in the world . 
  and as a finn , though my english is more or less native level these days ( having spent years living in english speaking countries and all ) , i still find it very difficult to pronounce some things . 
  the words * water * and * party * especially . 
  i know what they 're supposed to sound like , i know how to say them , but it feels totally unnatural . 
  it seems like the person who wrote the article has an opinion on it . 
  i like the idea , but it could have some unforeseen consecuences concerning the migrant crisis . 
  interesting times . 
  that is the problem , is n't it ? 
  there is no hypothetical situation where sweden is attacked and finland does n't intervene ( or is n't already conquered ) . 
  sweden , however , can quite comfortably sit around and watch things unfold if finland is under threat . 
  finland wants more formal defence cooperation with the other nordics because no matter what happens in the north , finland will always be the meatwall . 
  one would hope that solidarity , if nothing else , would force some kind of response . . but there 's absolutely no guarantee . 
  it 's a shitty position to be in but it 's where we 've been for the last couple thousand years . 
  nothing new . 
  being on the european continent . 
  that 's what you say when you head down south for a holiday . 
   maybe your government , rather than attacking greece maybe our government was `` attacking '' greece because we should n't be sending out massive amounts of money abroad when we 've got our own economy to fix . 
   and making outlandish statements such as that currency devaluation amounts to cheating and serves no real purpose can i get a source on that ? 
  a lot of people here have been talking about the euro as a mistake specifically because we ca n't devalue our currency because of it . 
   should have been pushing for the much needed changes in the governance of the ez . 
  we do n't exactly have that kind of power over the eu . 
  our economy has n't been doing as great as before , but the `` crisis '' is exaggerated . 
  it has n't even been in recession , but stagnation - which it 's now slowly recovering from . 
  and this is nothing compared to the depression we had in the 90 's . 
  now , that is n't to say we do n't need to change things around and fix some problems . 
  certainly we do . 
  but people talk like we 're tanking and will be eastern europe-level in a couple years . 
  that 's just bizarre . 
  it 's fear mongering . 
  what money ? 
   but now they are struggling like hell , on the brink of maybing needing a bailout now that is blowing it way out of proportion . 
  if we do n't get back on track , we 'll be looking at a bailout in 2045 . 
  yeah , well , i call myself finnish too . 
  i do n't say i 'm from uusimaa . 
  i 've traveled quite extensively and my experience is not the same . 
  anyway , the point stands regardless . 
  i would n't consider other europeans to be anywhere near close enough to us to feel like they 're family . 
  finns commonly talk of europe as if we 're not part of it ( * `` we 're going to europe on holiday '' * or * `` europe is really doing a bad job with this whole migrant problem '' * ) , that already says a lot . 
  that 's not to say we actually think we 're not european , but there is this sort of distance . 
  when i see someone in , say , the american media make some kind of nasty remark about europe , i do n't feel anything , least of all like they 're talking about my country . 
  i always assumed most other european countries have similar feelings , except maybe some of the central european ones that are much closer clustered together . 
  i think it 's to do with historical and geographical ties . 
  we have very little of those with southern europe , but any of the nordic countries feels like a second home when traveling there . 
  it 's nothing i did n't take into account , see my original post 's second paragraph . 
  i still think you 're a pretty rare case though . 
  i think it probably varies by country quite a bit . 
  `` euro-skepticism '' seems to be the mainstream opinion here , to some degree . 
  as i said , there are probably exceptions . 
  but in my experience , this is how it is . 
  i 've never met any finn who would disagree . 
  that 's the way it is here in finland , it 's probably different in the south . 
  disregarding that op 's map tells us nothing about the genetic make up of modern peoples , the hungarian-finnish connection seems much grander than it is because they 're the only linguistic relative we have apart from estonia . 
  it 's important to remember that finno-ugric is a language group and says nothing about genetics , and that the split between hungarian and finnish likely happened as far back as 20 000 years ago . 
  the only remaining similarities in languages are archaic sentence structures and a few common words . 
  [ we just had this thread , where it was explained why calling this a `` genetic map '' is totally wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p0scz/genetic_maps_of_europe/ ), 
  it 's pretty good but i 'm not happy about recent budget cuts . 
  i do n't think many people would consider `` hating europe '' to be self-loathing , because pan-europeanism is not a very commonly held belief or value . 
  most europeans are not any less foreign to me than australians , mexicans or koreans . 
  maybe a place like r/europe would disagree , after all this is kind of a european hugbox . 
  but for most people , at least in my country , we would n't ever introduce ourselves as europeans rather than finnish , and we think it 's more like a neighbourhood than a family . 
  a fairly nice neighbourhood , but still . 
  we do n't know all our neighbours and we do n't really care to . 
  as someone else already pointed out , haplogroups are used to detect ancient migration patterns . 
  trying to determine a modern population 's genetic make up by looking at haplogroups is like trying to determine the concentration of phosphorus in a body of water by staring at it intently . 
  i think you 'll find that most former soviet countries are not crazy about russia .
