  typically professional soldiers are mostly used for different types of elite units and commanders . 
  all conscripts go through the same basic training period , and then get assigned their service branch based on their skill , ability and personal requests . 
  typically the higher skilled the service branch , the longer the service . 
  your standard rank-and-file infantryman will only have to serve for 6 months , while more specialised branches are up to 12 months . 
  * because only women and minorities can be victims of inequality . 
  * well , the real answer is that men are generally more suited for the military . 
  there are exceptions , but for the most part men are better at heavy manual labour and a lot more more expendable in the eyes of society . 
  and in finland at least , conscription is still seen as kind of a `` rite of passage '' by more traditional minded people , and considered important for `` toughening up '' young men . 
  as for feminists , they do n't by and large seem to really care about it . 
  prominent feminists have been known to avoid the question and change the subject if it 's brought up , because they ca n't justify it . 
  not surprising , since men 's issues do n't seem to be much of a concern for the vast majority of feminists . 
  me , i 'm not sure where i stand on the `` debate '' . 
  on the one hand i do think it 's practically slavery , but on the other it 's what we need to have a realistic national defence without heavily relying on allies that have been less than reliable in the past . 
  perhaps it would be better for equality to have female conscription , but in terms of national defence i 'm not so sure about the benefits of such a system . 
  of course in reality , there is no debate - feminists do n't care , men 's rights activists are a fringe movement at best and the rest seem to think of it as a necessary evil . 
  has n't changed as much as you 'd think , has it ? 
  i read it . 
  you brought it up to use it as criticism and it 's something i see often here . 
  people who grew up with this black and white `` allied = good axis = bad '' thing do that , as if it 's a valid point . 
  it really is n't . 
  the valid point was the holding grudges for things that happened 70 years ago part . 
  then you just casually bring up nazis as if finland defending itself against the greater of two evils is something one could hold a grudge over . 
  i only come from one of the countries most closely affected by the cold war , of course i 've never heard of it . 
  my point is , the allies ( including the us ) were allied with the soviet union during wwii . 
  actually , officially allied . 
  to then criticize finland for accepting aid from the only country willing to give it is a bit silly . 
  we went to actual war with the nazis , so i 'd say the us still collaborated more with soviets . 
  either forestry or hard science/engineering ( we apparently have proportionally more of those than anywhere else in europe ) . 
  and the allies ' soviet collaboration . 
  i guess they have finally opted for self-destruction and chosen the most logical people for the job . 
  there are so many , you could easily make thousands of shows . 
  but i have a personal interest in the * puukkojunkkari * period and culture . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puukkojunkkari troublemakers and knife fighters in 19th century ostrobothnia . 
  it 's a really strange and interesting phenomenon that has a lot of potential for both drama and comedy . 
  presumably this * puukkojunkkari * thing is why scandinavian stereotypes of finns includes knife fighting . 
  of course , it 's a pretty minor thing in the grand european context , but would make for a good tv show . 
  first season : winter war second season : continuation war ( maybe also lapland war ) that would make a pretty dramatic and bitter arc . 
  it 's good that most foreigners are n't aware that finland was part of sweden back then . 
  this summer i went on a guided tour in a small town in czech republic , where the tour guide kept talking about atrocities committed by the swedes there and so on . 
  i just kept agreeing that those `` damn barbaric swedes '' have a lot to answer for . 
  all the while laughing on the inside . 
   why are we speaking english ? 
  so i can follow the conversation , you insensitive butthole : (, 
  it is a funny one for sure . 
  the `` separatist movement '' for \u00c5land , for instance , is pretty much nonexistent . 
  someone started an independence party that has never got any votes , is what it boils down to . 
  similarly , `` sami independence '' is quite a tricky concept considering they never really had their own lands in the first place , most of them live in the south nowadays and this massive sami land in op 's map would be inhabited primarily by finns , swedes and norwegians , as well as kvens and other such quasi-finns . 
  but anyway , it 's just a fun thing to look at , and a reminder about what a chaotic mix of cultures and ethnicities europe really is beyond just the national borders . 
   snowy , cold shithole there 's nothing bad about being cold and snowy . 
  maybe , but that does n't sound like a very steady job anyway . 
  oh yeah , i think that 's kind of their ` thing ' . 
  i have n't been there myself but supposedly it 's full of tourists and `` ex-pats '' as well . 
  we could be in the second to last place for all i care as long as we beat sweden . 
  i 'm going to add that this was a joke in case some people are not familiar with humour , and that i wo n't lower myself to using ' * / s * ' to denote it . 
  it 's very interesting to hear from someone who is actually from one of those swedish speaking areas . 
  you would of course have a different perspective . 
  you understand though , that in most of the country swedish is marginal at best . 
  if you go up to a stranger in central , eastern or northern parts of the country and talk to them in swedish , they 'll think you 're crazy or on the drink . 
  in the bigger cities like helsinki ( my home town ) , every fennoswede by default speaks finnish , usually just as well as swedish . 
  i even have some friends who i 'd known for many years without ever finding out they were brought up speaking swedish as a first language , as they only spoke it sometimes to their parents . 
  quite something if you think about it . 
  the whole language question is a tricky one for sure . 
  i absolutely disagree . 
  there are no `` low paying jobs '' here anyway , most young people would be glad to just get a job i think . 
  except for the spoiled rich kids . 
  when i was that age some years ago , i worked an unbelievable amount of shit jobs because that 's what you do at that age for work experience and some extra money . 
  there is actually competition for shitty `` low paying '' jobs like cleaning and stacking boxes in a warehouse these days . 
  at least he acknowledged that they 're in the opposition . 
  seems common here to just blame `` the left '' for immigration even though all of this has happened during right wing governments that have n't shown any interest in controlling it either - the opposite , if anything . 
  whatever their reasons , none of the big parties seem to want to make official statements about stopping refugees , even if individuals in some of them might . 
  what they actually talk about and plan behind the scenes is anyone 's guess . 
  yeah , and then you consider that our `` close '' relative hungarian split off 20 000 years ago and we only really share some archaic language structures nowadays . 
  for many indo-european languages , they 're so close to each other that just knowing english makes learning them feel relatively simple . 
  although , i will grant you i do n't know much about punjabi . 
   being an english teacher you 'd still need a master 's degree from a finnish university , would n't you ? 
  that 's roughly the amount of people who natively speak swedish . 
  of course , some `` finnish speaking finns '' for lack of a better term do speak fluent swedish too , although it seems to get more and more rare with every generation and as you move furter east or inland from the western coast . 
  basically , you 'd do a lot better with english , and that 's not exactly advised either if you plan on actually living here . 
  there are n't many places in finland where you could actually live and casually converse in your day-to-day life in only swedish . 
  there are some villages and small towns on the coast , but apart from that even fennoswedes in cities tend to mostly speak finnish . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , learning swedish to communicate with finns in finland is kind of like learning gaelic to communicate with scots in scotland - there are speakers for sure , but you 'd be severely limiting yourself . 
  i thought as much . 
  i suppose the relatively lax laws on family reunification have been a driving factor behind some ( many ? ), 
  asylum applications here . 
  i can understand from their individual point of view and i 'd probably try it too in their shoes , but from my point of view and especially thinking about what 's best for finland , it 's not good to have a bunch of people move here just because it 's relatively easy . 
  that has n't been my experience , but maybe we go to different sorts of restaurants . 
  i 'm also from helsinki and i do n't think i 've ever come across a waiter who did n't speak finnish . 
   the duration and language requirements make zero sense for anyone or any family not planning to become finnish . 
  again , what 's the problem ? 
  if they 're not motivated enough to learn the language and get a job , they 're not good migrants in the first place . 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
  there 's nothing inherent about finnish that makes it more difficult than languages with latin or germanic roots if your native language does n't have latin or germanic roots . 
  it 's not a difficult language in and of itself , indo-european speakers are just spoiled because to them learning a new ( indo-euro ) language means learning a distant dialect of their native language . 
  if it 's a problem , there are dozens of other eu countries they could go to instead . 
  yes , you can * technically * get by with swedish , and government officials should * technically * be able to deal with you in swedish , and you could * technically * live here without learning finnish . . but in reality , you 'd be able to communicate the with 5 % of the population that speak it along the western coast and pretty much exclude yourself from the rest of society . 
  swedish is the second official language for historical reasons , but realistically it 's the language of a 5 % minority who speak finnish as well . 
  if you 're a highly skilled it professional , but other than that no . 
  we do n't really feel any conflicted emotions or ambiguity about that . 
  we were with germany because literally everybody else declined to help , not because we were particularly keen supporters of theirs . 
  and most importantly , germany had already sold finland out before the war , in the molotov-ribbentrop pact .
