finland does . 
  i wanted to post about this . 
  everyone always goes for `` depression and suicides '' when they hear finland , even though we 're not even * that * high . 
  i guess they just assume , because we 're very north and next to russia . 
  i even regularly hear that finland has the most suicides in the world , while nobody says that about the more suicidal belgians or frenchmen . 
  goes for alcohol consumption as well , where we are somewhere around average as far as europe goes . 
  we 're still all apparently drunk 100 % of the time . 
  not that the rates are n't higher than i 'd like , but still . 
  i 'm sorry , i thought we were talking about my country here . 
  i 'm going to tolerate them as long as they do n't try to interfere with me or my culture , but that 's highly unlikely because as i said , islam does n't fundamentally work that way . 
  they have no idea what they 're getting into as is . 
  they 're being fed lies by smugglers about a paradise where a job , a house and a wife are waiting for them and the locals will happily welcome them . 
  particularly true for iraqis for some reason , who 've been making comments about being disappointed in finland and going back to sweden or beyond . 
  they 're being fed lies and we 're all paying for it . 
  unlike the countries they pass through to get here , we have no one to dump them on anymore . 
  they 're at the end of the road unless they want to go back the way they came . 
  ah , my new hometown . 
  lovely . 
  here they are whining about long processing times , lack of job prospects , not getting an appartment , cold , dark , finns are openly racist and hostile etc. 
  they could 've just gone on the internet with their iphones and been told this all before coming here . 
   cultural issues are vast and difficult , but they are conquerable . 
  how about reading the full comment next time ? 
  you expect the entire country to travel 2000km for a border protest ? 
  500 is a lot of people for such a tiny town . 
  as long as the syrian refugees are practising muslims , they are incompatible with non-muslim european countries . 
  there 's nothing racist about it . 
  they have shown time and time again that they are totally unable to integrate . 
  in my country , they are statistically 10-15 times more likely to rape . 
  10 times more likely to commit violent crime . 
  80 % of them are unemployed . 
  most do n't learn the language . 
  we ca n't just ignore reality , the research has been done and the statistics are what they are . 
  our cultures are polar opposites , it 's no wonder there are issues . 
  however , this is only one part of a much larger issue . 
  cultural issues are vast and difficult , but they are conquerable . 
  the economy is a much greater concern . 
  the point he 's trying to make is that the sami are no more `` indigenous '' to finland than finns are , and there is no consensus on which arrived here first . 
  some sources state it was the sami , other say finns ( which were made up of several tribes , by the way - they did n't just arrive as a single group one day ) . 
  what we do know is that by the time reliable historical records started appearing concerning finland , the sami were primarily inhabiting the northern parts and the numerous finnish tribes lived in the rest of finland . 
  moreover , finns have not been unkind to the sami . 
  the swedes and norwegians have a lot more to answer for , but finns for most of our history were n't in a better position than the sami , and nowadays they have a number of privileges and minority rights that regular finns do n't . 
  it speaks volumes that the sami have never had a significant movement for independence . 
  basically , you 're quite misinformed . 
  get a list of all the wars and famines and just pick one out at random , i guess . 
  it 'd be easier to specify a time period rather than having to evaluate all of history . 
  you 're the one misunderstanding me . 
  i merely pointed out that while it 's true eastern europe in general is conservative and not exactly the best place to be gay , it 's still in a league of its own compared to muslim countries ( which was the topic at hand ) . 
  you 're the one who started arguing about it as if i was comparing western and eastern europe . 
  again , if you believe it 's not a 1000 times better in eastern europe than in muslim countries , you are seriously deluded . 
  the very idea of a gay pride parade is totally incompatible with islam . 
  they should n't be allowed to welfare shop and travel through 30 countries to get to the one they hear gives them more money . 
  that 's not how it 's supposed to work at all . 
  it varies by country , but it 's certainly tolerated to a much larger degree than in muslim countries . 
  how often do you hear about homosexuals being killed or jailed in eastern europe ? 
  they 're saying it 's `` hundreds '' already trying to get back to sweden ( and presumably on to iraq ? ) . 
  who knows , though . 
  it makes me wonder what the smugglers promised them . 
  a free job , house and wife as soon as you step over the border ? 
  i mean , they 've even been saying they were `` shocked '' and felt like people did n't want them there . 
  really , small town northern finns , most of whom have probably never seen a foreigner apart from swedes and the occasional tourist , are not welcoming a horde of illegal immigrants from a country and culture that could not be any different from their own ? 
  that 's shocking . 
  frankly , i 'm surprised they 've had no ( reported ) violence yet . 
  even trying to make that comparison is absurd . 
  i think you have a fundamental misunderstanding concerning our national defence . 
  of course russia would eventually overwhelm us given enough time if they commit all their resources . 
  their army is bigger than our population . 
  but the idea is to drag them into an expensive guerilla war , where any invader will suffer huge casualties and economic losses . 
  effectively making it a very unattractive prospect . 
  what have they to gain anyway ? 
  some lakes , forests , and the ire of the western world . 
  that 's it in a nutshell . 
  better than relying on others , who have burned us in the past . 
  i do n't think many finns would be keen on giving up any national sovereignty to foreign powers , particularly when it comes to the military . 
  it is after all our duty to protect ourselves and difficult to trust any others to do so . 
  and having a minority vote in yet another union whose members all just look out for their own interests does n't sound very appealing . 
  i 'm sure the same goes for many others too . 
   if it 's any consolidation , norway has more lakes than finland . 
  but theirs are tiny and barely qualify as lakes ( under some definitions they do n't , actually ) . 
  hardly plummeting . 
  just stagnating . 
  we do n't really have anything to do with hungary . 
  even linguistically , the connection is like 20 000 years old and the modern languages do n't resemble each other at all or have any mutual intelligibility . 
  espoo and vantaa are n't real cities . 
  but do n't tell anyone from espoo or vantaa this . 
  for me personally , i was very happy with the beer selection in poland . 
  good job , polish friends !, 
  anyway , the list itself i think is n't great . 
  these days you could probably put 90 % of europe under `` underrated beer countries '' . 
  i 've yet to find one that does n't have a fantastic selection of local beers if you look around a bit . 
  are n't there two of those though ? 
  one from the uk and one from the baltic region . 
   i 've also seen our neighbors being mistaken for sweden/swedish this is the most common for us . 
  it 's remarkably common . 
  sometimes i get norway as well . 
  i 'll tell people i 'm from finland and 5 minutes later they 're introducing me to other people as swedish . 
  or , if they remember my country , i still get this weird mix of every pseudo-scandinavian stereotype . 
  abba , rotten fish , black metal , vikings , the swedish chef from the muppets , etc. 
  then i have to either be a party pooper and explain that `` no , none of that applies to finland including when you called us scandinavian '' , or just take it on the chin and frown slightly on the inside . 
  you keep replying with these walls of text when i said i do n't care in the first place . 
  well , let 's see what we have here .
