  if immigrants bring in ludicrous amounts of crime , `` they 're all men '' is not a reason to ignore it . 
  and it 's pretty sexist . 
   okay ? 
  mind telling me how i 'm wrong ? 
  do you mind giving me any kind of source for the bizarre claim you made other than your anus ? 
   i bet they compared young conservative men from warzones with the `` average '' finn , which includes children , women and elderly . 
  they compared immigrants to natives . 
   that number is not that wierd , it probably would n't be higher if you compared those `` certain groups '' to young right-wing men in finland . 
  now you 're just talking shit without any basis . 
  there is no social group that has even remotely similar numbers here . 
  i want to preface this by saying the most important does n't mean the best . 
  i guess it 's between russia and sweden . 
  i 'm a bit hesitant to call russia an ` ally ' though , and sweden is n't always the best neighbour either . 
  i do n't think we have a close ally that does n't periodically try to screw us somehow . 
  i do n't know about all of europe but here in finland , research has shown that certain groups of immigrants are up to 15 times more likely to rape or commit violent crime . 
  that 's quite worrying . 
  you 're talking a lot of sense . 
  yes . 
  business owners here would love nothing more than the abolishment of national boundaries and a steady flood of cheap work force . 
  you ca n't just make this a `` right vs left '' issue , it does n't work like that . 
   you ca n't really measure politics on a single axis . 
  yes , that was sort of the point i was trying to make . 
  uneducated people here keep going on about `` the left '' as this sort of mysterious force trying to flood everyone with immigrants . 
  in reality , plenty of people on the left oppose it and plenty of people on the right advocate it . 
  this claim is based on what exactly ? 
  it 's the `` small government '' right wingers that want to import a bunch of uneducated low wage workers . 
  politics is a bit more complicated than blue vs red . 
  people in my country blame the mysterious left for the failures of our immigration policy even though they have n't had any real power for years , or even decades . 
  stop fighting shadows and wake up . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  i 'm a leftist and i think john oliver is being a biased twat and deliberately twisting facts to push his own propaganda . 
  not everything is black and white , politics is n't just `` right vs left '' . 
  get an education . 
  if this is a serious question you should probably ask one of your relatives who 's old enough to remember the 70 's and 80 's . 
  germany ? 
  you mean the guys who sold us out to the soviets in the first place , aided us when they needed us as a meat shield and burnt the entire northern part of our country during their eventual retreat ? 
  that would 've been a sound argument in the 1980s . 
  prepared in the sense that we do n't trust other countries to help . 
  it does n't mean we 're unwilling to ask for it in crisis , that would be silly . 
  also something to note is that the nazi thing was in the continuation war . 
  finland was truly alone in the winter war . 
  and fighting `` other countries ' wars '' on foreign soil would similarly be taking a shit on our history and our identity . 
  there 's also the fact that most of the eu are part of nato and we are n't . 
  without some special clauses i do n't think we 'll ever have a european army that includes all the eu countries . 
  the common equivalent in english is commieblock . 
  hehe , yep . 
  but i guess it 's alright , snow is best enjoyed by looking at pictures our out the window after all . 
  soon we will once again get to the point where we spend half the year cursing it . 
   non-suomi kaiuttimet your google translate is showing , haha . 
  `` kaiuttimet '' means speakers , but only the music playing kind . 
  please no . 
  both of those are also somewhat regional , as most traditional foods are . 
  poronk\u00e4ristys is great but that 's a pretty unappetising picture of it . 
   the `` kick-your-kid-off-your-house-once-they-hit-18 '' norm is not part of our culture . 
  it 's not so here either , typically it is the child that desires to spread their wings . 
  it 's not common to live with your parents past your teens so i guess there 's a bit of social stigma as well , but primarily it 's because we can afford to move out and there is an expectation of being an adult with all the things that come with that . 
  i spend around the same as you , but yes i 'm pretty sure i could cut that in half . 
  i do n't know how many calories i 'd have to retain because i do n't know how many calories you 're eating . 
   please stop the excuses and take a long , hard look at your eating habits . 
  maybe you ought to take a look at your reading comprehension - i just said i do eat pretty healthy . 
  i just recognise that shitty food is still cheaper . 
  when i 'm truly having to save money ( thankfully not that often ) , i can do so by going with macaroni , processed shit and so on . 
  i would ask you what you consider a reasonable amount of money spent on food per month . 
  i can guarantee that i can cut it in half by eating unhealthy shit . 
  anyway , my original post might give you the impression that processed foods are part of my every day diet but i do actually make quite an effort to eat healthy . 
  i just recognise that i could cut the cost if i did n't care so much . 
  a much nicer way to combat unhealthy diets would be to make healthy food cheaper . 
  currently it 's a lot more expensive to keep up a healthy lifestyle ( avoiding processed foods etc. ), 
  than it is to just buy cheap and easy shit . 
  i would never buy frozen pizzas or other such crap if i could afford to always cook myself on a student budget . 
  sugar in coffee should be a crime in the first place . 
  how about just arctic sea access then ? 
  a slice of finnmark for finland , how does that sound ? 
  i like you but let 's just stay friends, 
  we had -44 c one day on a skiing holiday in north-eastern finland years ago . 
  we spent more time indoors drinking coffee and hot chocolate than actually skiing that day , unsurprisingly . 
  from my perspective 4 to -3 celcius is not even really winter temperatures yet , so it 's a bit difficult to think about in terms of someone to whom it would be considered cold ( even so cold they may have never experienced it ) . 
  however , i think you will do fine if you just take a normal , fairly thin winter jacket or coat . 
  consider having a couple of layers of shirts that you can use if you feel the need to . 
  then just a regular hat , gloves and scarf . 
  perhaps even long underwear and/or thick trousers . 
  that being said , it sounds like you 'll be spending time in major cities and therefore have the opportunity to warm up indoors any time you like , so you should be totally fine with much less preparation in terms of winter clothing . 
  i would not worry about it too much . 
  if you came up to visit the nordics i would give you different advice . 
  this is not true at all . 
  though we cooperate with nato , we keep them at arm 's length . 
  russia knows this very well , they 're not literally mordor . 
  we 're not in nato . 
  almost everybody under 40 will be able to at least somehow communicate in english , even if only a little . 
  most people in the 16-25 range are even very good at it . 
  traditionally our biggest problem has been that we do n't practice speaking in english nearly enough . 
  this causes quite a few people to be very shy about it , especially since they might have a thick accent ( after all , finnish is pronounced very differently ) . 
  i spent a year in wales on student exchange back in my teens and the most important thing regarding english i learned was confidence . 
  i did n't actually learn too much in terms of pronounciation , grammar or vocabulary - i just learned not to care too much about being perfect . 
  helped me a lot . 
  nobody 's from svalbard though :-), 
  nerds, 
  as a finn looking at these maps , sweden really ca n't complain . 
  why the fuck would that ever happen in any situation, 
  sauna is not for sex you heretic .
