   consider that countries like switzerland and sweden and finland were once poor and underdeveloped before they opened up to immigration from further developed countries in europe , bringing in new sciences , information , skills , military tactics , industries , innovations , progress . 
  speaking only about my country , i do n't think immigration has anything to do with our `` success '' . 
  it was the heavy industrialisation of the mid-20th century and forward thinking policy changes . 
  we 've barely had immigration until recently if you do n't count some swedes and germans in the late middle ages . 
   even in parts of britain ( south east england middle class , scottish lowlands ect ) people seem more culturally similar to scandis than estonians do . 
  now you 're just being silly . 
  hello southerners, 
  puukko is a tool . 
  please do n't make me break character, 
  you can come visit but do n't stay too long and do n't talk to too many people , it will make them uncomfortable . 
  is n't that exactly a reason to have a lot of personal space , because you can ? 
  apparently a couple of tourist ducks in there . 
  no respect for personal space . 
  reported to your local authorities . 
  expect to hear from them soon . 
  now , i ca n't say whether this is actually a good idea or not , but they say if all goes well it will have the opposite effect . 
  we currently have fairly generous social welfare/benefits over here , and they 're pretty easy to get . 
  this would actually probably lower the amount rather than increase it . 
  furthermore , under the current system you are punished for doing part time work when you 're unemployed ( you lose your benefits if you work ) . 
  under the proposed system everybody would get the same amount regardless of working or other things . 
  it would encourage part time working and get rid of a lot of paperwork . 
  of course , it 's all just a hypothesis which is why we 're having these tests in the first place . 
  they would in theory get less money , so if they 're informed about the change probably less . 
  and a lot more expensive/inconvenient , but okay . 
  if it 's worth the added cost , it 's worth it . 
  i doubt it would be , however . 
  what you 're talking about is a minor inconvenience that could potentially lead to catching a criminal . 
  what i really think we need here is thicker skins . 
  i get what you 're saying , that some of these physical characteristics you ca n't change and that 's unfair , but i really do n't think this is a big deal . 
  i do n't want to cut my hair just to get through checkpoints easier , and i do n't even really care about my hair . 
  would somebody ever change their skin colour for slightly more convenient air travel , even if it were possible ? 
  i can only take your word that there is no evidence , as i have not researched it , but i do n't really see any discernible harm in it other than hurt feelings . 
  generally speaking i 'm all for profiling when it comes to crime investigation and prevention , because it gets results . 
  whether airport checks do is another matter , i suppose . 
  i guess we just have a fundamentally different view point . 
  you do n't think it makes any difference , i do . 
  if there 's even a 0,00001 % chance that a criminal is caught because of it , it 's worth it as far as i 'm concerned . 
  and the only downside is a few hurt feelings . 
   d'awww we 're all the way up at third ? 
  not to rain on your parade , but this is `` select countries '' so probably not . 
  still though , congratulations . 
  great argument . 
  because sample sizes , questions and methods differ . 
  i strongly disagree with that , and i do n't understand how you can even make this out to be some sort of human rights violation when it 's purely common sense . 
  i also get stopped at airports more due to my long hair and beard , but why should that matter to me personally ? 
  obviously , as this is about immigration to finland specifically , we are talking about immigrants in finland . 
  i think the vast , vast majority of finns do not know or care about the differences between middle eastern countries . 
  whether you think that 's an uninformed stance or not does n't matter , it is what it is . 
  our `` asian '' immigrants are typically east asians ( chinese , thai , vietnamese , the occasional japanese or korean ) . 
  the uk has a history with india and pakistan that we do not . 
  our common use of asian is pretty much the same as the us ' i think . 
  `` unitedstatesians '' does n't sound any better to be fair !, 
  but commonly you guys are known as `` jenkit '' ( yanks ) . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met anyone who dislikes the french , really . 
  you guys are firmly in the well regarded western europe category . 
  personally , i meet plenty of french students here and have had no bad experiences so far . 
  i 'm going to quote myself here to explain why any perceptions of us politics are probably pretty irrelevant in this context . 
   for an american to immigrate to finland , they have to be at least somewhat wealthy and have a job lined up . 
  they have to demonstrate that they are capable of taking care of themselves without needing ( much ) assistance from the government . 
  and before all this , they have picked finland of all places to emmigrate to - a small country with a difficult language in the north-eastern corner of the continent . 
  to even consider this option they probably either have a very lucrative job offer or are personally interested in the country and culture and becoming part of it . 
  coming from a western society there is no reason to assume they could n't integrate . 
  if you 're from the us as u/zephinism said , the answer to this is pretty simple . 
  for an american to immigrate to finland , they have to be at least somewhat wealthy and have a job lined up . 
  they have to demonstrate that they are capable of taking care of themselves without needing ( much ) assistance from the government . 
  and before all this , they have picked finland of all places to emmigrate to - a small country with a difficult language in the north-eastern corner of the continent . 
  to even consider this option they probably either have a very lucrative job offer or are personally interested in the country and culture and becoming part of it . 
  coming from a western society there is no reason to assume they could n't integrate . 
  so there you have a rambling answer , it 's easy to see why american immigrants are not looked down on here . 
  it does n't really have much to do with us politics either . 
  do you have a better suggestion ? 
  it 's a mix of factors such as wealth , cultural & political closeness , crime rates and volume of immigration , i think . 
  most countries probably also have bonus points for linguistic connection , but it does n't really work for us obviously . 
  obviously first place goes to nordics ( represented in this survey by sweden ) and germany ( seen as a historical ally and culturally compatible ) . 
  estonia would be a lot higher if they were n't so high up in the crime statistics over here . 
  east asians are not generally involved in crime or other nonsense over here , and they have a reputation as industrious and hard-working people , so due to cultural positivity they can sort of bypass distance and wealth factors to some degree . 
  poor and culturally distant people who are also overrepresented in crime statistics ( middle easterners , africans ) rank lowest , unsurprisingly . 
  whole heartedly disagreed . 
  not that i think you 're wrong that half a million immigrants all of a sudden would be a problem , but i think if they were moving over here willingly they 're probably more down for social services than the average over there . 
  i do n't think i 've heard that being associated with estonians . 
  more the `` taking our jerbs '' and stealing stuff . 
  i think this is rather about perception of immigrants rather than people/countries in general . 
  estonia is strongly represented in crime statistics here because it is so easy for the poorly educated/criminally inclined part of their population to come over . 
  americans however typically have a job lined up and are at least somewhat wealthy if they 're immigrating over here . 
  in terms of preceptions of countries i think estonia is probably a lot less `` controversial '' in the sense that you wo n't easily find people who actually dislike it . 
  the us is more of a mixed bag , with some people liking it and others disliking it . 
  i reckon estonia would be nice enough . 
  completely forgetting that the capital also funds the rest of the country . 
  you 're currently in a thread about how much of a net benefit each capital is to their corresponding country 's economy . 
  i do n't know how things are over in sweden , but in finland cities are the only economically beneficial areas , while countryside is heavily subsidised . 
  even smaller cities tend to run mostly on tax money . 
  it is the big cities that generate the brunt of that money . 
  if you 're referring to turku , i do n't think it 's a helsinki thing to hate it . 
  more tampere . 
  but you can be sure that any country you go to , as long as you 're outside the capital people will be talking shit about it . 
  one of the core laws of the universe . 
  those are n't skyscrapers , just tallish buildings . 
  and it 's in a former industrial area , not very close to the centre so it does n't really matter there i guess . 
  we 're worried it would ruin our skyline, 
  actually , it is young people that drink less here .
