  like today with better technology . 
  maybe some new national borders . 
  life goes on . 
  this is assuming we 've finally managed to get our environmental issues somewhat under control . 
  along with half the country 's gdp . 
  in finland , nude beaches are n't common but nudity in general is viewed pretty casually . 
  i have seen probably all my friends and most of my acquintances nude , and they have seen me . 
  sauna is a primary cause . 
  my subject assiciation ( i ca n't think of any other way to translate it ) at university has a club room with a sauna , which is usually heated up every time we go there and both male and female students shuffle in and out naked as everyone else does whatever they 're there to do . 
  i think he just generally roots for the underdog . 
  [ nothing more beautiful than traditional midsummer celebrations . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhou8vg43dg ), 
  sorry europe , i like you as a friend . 
   what is more popular , hockey or soccer ? 
  ice hockey is far more popular than football . 
  depending on the region , other sports like pes\u00e4pallo ( finnish baseball ) or even wrestling may be more popular , but it 's definitely a hockey country . 
   why they have to be naked because it 's sauna . 
   why they are all men ? 
  probably , men care less about being photographed naked . 
  true . 
  i 'm really annoyed by the `` sports team politics '' we 've got going on especially on the internet , where people seem to believe politics is about choosing a team and blaming `` the other team '' for everything . 
  both right and left have plenty of people supporting and opposing mass migration , the sooner people realise that and stop talking nonsense about `` leftists '' the sooner we can work together to find a solution . 
  the uk is taking and has taken * way * more refugees than finland . 
  it 's at least part of it . 
  according to our media , a lot of these migrants from russia had been living there for years already . 
  i find it highly unlikely we 'd let them stay if that 's the case , but the real issue is why they were allowed to cross the border in the first place . 
  you know it 's possible to both take action and call out the cause of the problem at the same time , right ? 
  dividing the continent into just east and west is a bit crude , but if it must be done then it 's pretty obvious finland is western . 
  i hope you do n't believe it 's a strictly geographical term . 
   we have had 0 growth now for several years . 
  it would be nice if people who have absolutely no idea about this subject would just not say anything at all instead of talking complete shit . 
  whenever i see those documentaries and ads for charities , i ca n't help but think that if my country was gripped by war , poverty and famine i 'd just move . 
  honestly it 's such a simple solution , is n't anyone thinking at all ? 
  i hope you already knew this , but moving to another country generally requires you to have a job in advance , and an amount of money to support yourself . 
  it 's a bit more simple in the eu , but this is a special region with its own rules , and if things keep moving this way i do n't see that lasting very long . 
  most places , even if you 're moving from a wealthy country , will not accept you if you 're jobless , broke , and intend to use the welfare system to support you . 
  furthermore , those numbers are expected to be in moderation . 
  there are very few ( as in , one or two ) countries from which we would accept a sudden mass migration of 30 000 people looking for jobs . 
  i do n't think there 's anything inherently left-wing or right-wing about it . 
  a lot of people on the left oppose this current trend of immigration/refugees , and a lot of people on the right support it . 
  i think people on the internet who do n't know a whole lot about politics have just decided that politics is black and white , but it 's bollocks . 
  i do n't , but other nordics are less foreign than other europeans at least . 
  he did n't say that though . 
  also , i 'm almost 100 % certain that finns are among the most patriotic people in europe . 
  that 's my experience living in several countries and seeing a lot of surveys and polls in my time . 
  you might have a different experience , but it 's no more valuable than mine . 
  they have no job , they are refugees . 
  they did that to a lesser degree here in finland , and refugees have been bitching about it ever since . 
  they act like having to help cook their own food and do their own laundry is a human rights violation . 
  the eu seems intent on self-destruction . 
  mobile phone throwing , rubber boot throwing , wife carrying , m\u00f6lkky , pes\u00e4pallo , swamp football . 
  there 's a few to start with . 
  i do n't break the ice , i stand on the ice and wait for the bus . 
  i think you should look up the definition of * antisocial * . 
  i think the problem is that finnish and english do n't resemble each other phonetically at all . 
  so it 's very difficult for finns to learn to pronounce english well ( although conversely , that means it 's also very difficult for native english speakers to pronounce finnish ) . 
  when it comes to general proficiency though , in terms of writing and understanding , i think finns should score higher than 70 % . 
  on all proficiency statistics i 've seen up until now , finland is in the top 5 in the world in that respect . 
  i 'd also like to get a source on this map . 
  for business i guess ? 
  it 's good being able to speak a customer 's language . 
  but no , not really . 
  5 % speak it as a first language , and maybe another 5 % are somewhat fluent . 
  it 's really not significant or relevant these days at all . 
  can anyone explain why they 're calling themselves that ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  are n't they supposed to be nationalists or patriots or something ? 
  are they actually swedes ? 
  you mean norse . 
  because they are so uneducated they probably literally ca n't even read . 
  i ca n't possibly imagine another reason a group calling themselves `` nationalists '' would name themselves under foreigners . . 
  it 's really bizarre and i 've been thinking about it for a while now . 
  really , the only explanation i could come up with is that these people dropped out of elementary school and have been living in the forest since then . 
  history and finnish classes were my favourite , so i think i would 've heard about it if it had been discussed . 
  but i 'm 100 % certain it never came up . 
  well , the language relation is very distant so there really is n't practical application , and since our peoples have n't had any real contact for centuries there 's also very little else to talk about . 
  i like hungary , i 've visited budapest and think i 'll go back some time , but i dont ' think our countries have much in common . 
  as for the school thing , a couple of people did say it was mentioned when they were in school . 
  as for me , not at all . 
  i was very surprised to hear about it much later in life . 
  it 's not been supported as a language group by any reputable linguist since 1960 . 
  i never heard anything about that until i was an adult and met a hungarian exchange student . 
   ural-altaics are you perhaps from the 1950 's ? 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  it 's true that having the `` wrong '' opinion will get you ostracized , but how would you change that ? 
  when it comes to opinion pieces , journalists are just human beings like all other citizens , and people who disagree with their opinions will criticize them for it and not want to associate with them . 
  to draw a conclusion that the press in general has a political agenda is a more serious matter . 
  do certain publications have one ? 
  absolutely . 
  but i do n't think you can apply that to the press as a whole , after all there really is nothing stopping a journalist from seeking an alternative publication , or starting their own . 
  what you could argue is that journalists in general tend to have certain types of political opinions , which creates a kind of pressure for journalists who do n't adhere to them . 
  however , you are in actual fact able to publish whatever you want . 
  it did , this is mostly a response to new year 's events . 
  the police are just saying this has become a trend since fall ( when the immigrant influx here primarily happened ) . 
  many such cases were reported at the time . 
  so what you 're saying is that there were 3 cases of sexual harassment in helsinki on new year 's eve ? 
  how is this even news ? 
  `` who cares ? '', 
  most indo-european language speakers are still in asia nowadays as well . 
  anyway , i do n't really understand assigning a cardinal direction to a language in the first place .
