  die of alcohol poisoning within the hour . 
  it 's called the [ `` demographic bomb '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/12068068/mapped-how-a-demographic-time-bomb-will-transform-the-global-economy.html ) . 
  the cashier in one of the supermarkets here in wedding got ridiculed by like 13-year-olds because he was half turk , half german . 
  witnessed it several times and i do n't even go regularly to that particular shop . . 
  so that 's what jan b\u00f6hmermann was plotting when he went off the air for a week . . 
   oh god , not this shit again . .  look up the origins of the term antisemitic , please . 
  yeah , poe 's law etc but on other subreddits it seems to be a valid argument for some reason . . 
  oh god , not this shit again . . look up the origins of the term antisemitic , please . 
  not amazing , but in germany a minimum wage worker has full access to the health care system , a guaranteed paid vacation , paid sick and maternity leave and any worker protection provided by the law . 
  leagues above the shit show that the u.s. is for low-wage employees . 
   get german citizenship not that easy . 
  in fact , recently someone ( sch\u00e4uble ? ), 
  was floating the idea to make it possible for brits in germany to get dual citizenship . 
  the inner workings of the universe were already stressed to the breaking point by putting germany 's inability to lose penalties against their inability to win against italy in a knockout game . 
  if germany had done that bad in a penalty shootout against england , rooney would have just combusted spontaneously before taking the kick . 
  great . 
  thanks for making my morning . 
  the financial aid is overrated in regard to its immediate economic impact . 
  the importance of the political investment can not be overstated , though . 
  [ here 's a good overview on the * wirtschaftswunder * ] ( http://www.econlib.org/library/enc/germaneconomicmiracle.html ) on the marshall plan :  this account has not mentioned the marshall plan . 
  ca n't west germany 's revival be attributed mainly to that ? 
  the answer is no . 
  the reason is simple : marshall plan aid to west germany was not that large . 
  ** cumulative aid from the marshall plan and other aid programs totaled only $ 2 billion through october 1954 . 
  even in 1948 and 1949 , when aid was at its peak , marshall plan aid was less than 5 percent of german national income . 
  ** other countries that received substantial marshall plan aid exhibited lower growth than germany . 
   moreover , while west germany was receiving aid , it was also making reparations and restitution payments well in excess of $ 1 billion . 
  ** finally , and most important , the allies charged the germans dm7 .2 billion annually ( $ 2.4 billion ) for their costs of occupying germany . 
  ** ( of course , these occupation costs also meant that germany did not need to pay for its own defense . ), 
  moreover , as economist tyler cowen notes , belgium recovered the fastest from the war and placed a greater reliance on free markets than the other war-torn european countries did , and belgium 's recovery predated the marshall plan . 
  who 's `` ya '' ? 
  i love you , executivemonkey . . 
  this is n't the us ? 
  ! remindme 3 months [ did anything happen the ex-eu trade commissioner ? ], 
  let 's see . . btw , is this a bot , an res function or do i have to install a special browser plugin ? 
   do n't think so . 
  i guarantee she has an `` accident '' shortly . 
  oh fuck off to / r/conspiracy . . 
  oh please let it be produced by armando yanucci , maybe the guy from dumb and dumber who is not jim carrey as boris johnson , rowan atkinson as farage and peter capaldi , this time as director of communications for the tories . 
  to a certain extent , meme magic * is * real and symbolic gestures , when administered thoughtfully , can change reality by demonstrating a certain set of mind , intent etc. 
  no one in germany has forgotten [ willi brandt 's gesture to the victims of nazi terror ] ( https://i.imgur.com/8gnq46b.jpg ) , for example . 
  also true for famous speeches etc. 
  oh god , after that whole ordeal is over i 'll have to go to rehab to battle my enormous schadenfreude habit, 
  the abolishment of nuclear was made law long before merkel . 
  her government just decided to keep some reactors longer than previously planned . 
  revoking * this * decision was her reaction to fukushima . 
  but you * have * to know this if you 're german , right ? 
  the_donald , the designated shitting street of reddit . . 
  interesting . 
  do you have a good link on the topic ? 
  why ? 
  i like the one-liner put downs he and his writers come up with . 
  donald trump looks like something that came out of a clogged drain at the wonka factory ? 
  without looking : it 's about the war and/or holocaust , right ? 
   i can gurantee you this . 
  alright , then , donald . 
  well , during the 90s and the balkan wars , over 350.000 refugees from bosnia alone came to germany . 
  also a refugee crisis and deemed by mouthbreathers the end of the occident . 
  8 years later , [ only 20.000 remained ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/ds27_2_d.htm ) . 
  whoever commented here first is probably shadowbanned . . 
  the first picture looks like a display in a really high class bangkok style gay brothel . 
  crimes committed by recently immigrated arabs like syrians and iraqis or people from afghanistan etc actually are below the average while people from the balkans , north africa and former soviet states really get some work done , with serbians leading the list by committing around seven times more crimes than the average migrant . 
  read that in a print article referencing the same bka report . 
  we should round up and kill every aspiring painter in austria just in case, 
  hello darkness , my old friend . . 
  either the big discounters or turkish vendors sell them for that price shortly before they spoil . 
  also love me some cantaloupes or ananas for 50 cents from the same sources . 
  the idiots of prognos apparently mixed up elbe-elster and spree-nei\u00dfe . 
  not that it matters , anyway . . 
   somehow , i do n't think pickles are parts of shawarma tho ... wat . 
  no shawarma without pickled beets and cucumbers , at least for the libanese variant that 's dominant here in berlin . 
  interesting to see how that will play out . 
  seehofer might just become the latest head on merkel 's wall and possibly her highest profile prey after she shanked kohl if he does n't play this right . 
   i think using a bidet is much more civilised than using a bidet . 
  are they pronounced differently ? 
  people should n't listen to bullshit in general, 
  uh , the whole channel is industrial grade right wing bullshit, 
  of course it 's misleading . 
  it 's a telegraph article about europe . 
  so what you 're saying is that romanians are gypsies ? 
  tja . 
  well , it 's germany . 
  like 25 % of germans go on vacation in germany each year . 
  ladies and gentlemen , southern german butthurt and inferiority complex distilled into one revealing copypasta . 
  this is exactly the kind of shit slimy creeps with heavy austrian accents try to sell on television . . 
  must be all the vaseline they eat . . 
  same here . 
  the derivative shit that goes for dank memes in the german parts of reddit is cringe ^ 3 . 
  a thin layer of irony is not enough by a long shot . 
  it 's a saying that dates back to medieval times and bards for hire . 
  in essence it means : `` i will sing the song of the people who pay me . '', 
  taken from a scathing obituary to ronald reagan :  he had all the faults and none of the virtues of the fascist : malice without frankness ; cruelty without courage ; pomp without dignity . 
  and if all 285 million of you suckers are willing to sit there and let the jerks lie about him to your face , then you deserve him . 
  he really was your kind of man . 
  and yet , in comparison to trump , reagan does n't seem bad at all . 
  eh , here in berlin no one gives a fuck , really . 
   the fucking sun, 
  english , motherfucker . 
  berlin is amphi-territory , as far as uppers go . 
  meth is slowly encroaching from brandenburg , especially in the gay party & play scene but doing coke is just weird for some reason .
