what war ? 
  shut up , holland . 
  mass shootings . 
  not two countries being effectively at war . 
  finnish accent , only surpassed by swedish tbh , is the sexiest accent a woman could have in english . 
  you said it , man . 
  [ good overview ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4dmpih/german_comedian_could_face_jail_for_insulting/d1t975e ), 
  especially the handicapped . 
  ca n't criticize them at all . 
  wait , you 're 42 and made a playdoh sculpture of your mother that looks like zombie alf ? 
  good job . 
  ugh , exactly . 
  hallervorden never was funny and he sure did n't change for this video . 
  let 's see whatever funnyman from the last millenium uses this for a last famegrab . . * fremdsch\u00e4m *, 
  hurr durr to learn who rules over you , notice who you can not criticize, 
   political correctness and fear of being called nazis . 
  i guess that 's what happens when you hate your country , your ethnicity and your history . 
  this / pol / crap makes me cringe every time . 
   why do you think your mind is configured to think this way ? 
  maybe just my life up until now . 
  i grew up in rural east germany where violence by neo nazis was part of being a non nazi youth . 
  attacks against foreigners or germans with migratory background happen quite often , the most prominent and extreme example in recent times : the [ nsu murders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nsu_murders ) . 
  then i moved to berlin into a really run down part of what is still the area with the highest migrant and foreigner population and never had a problem . 
  btw i agree with you on the problem of non-integration and i do n't think that whites are the only ones who can be racist and xenophobic , i just objected to your assumption that violent attacks against whites because of their ethnicity or whatever must happen frequently . 
  hey , i 've been living in the wrong neighbourhood for over 15 years now without problems . 
  have n't even heard of people being attacked or even just insulted for being white . 
  there are muggings and petty theft etc. 
  but hatecrimes against ` caucasians ' ? 
  not really . 
  maybe / pol/and is also a bubble , you know ? 
  just for being white ? 
  probably none . 
  err , no . 
  effective up to 5 days means that it delays ovulation long enough for all sperm inside the body to die . 
  you have to take it as soon as possible because once the egg is fertilized , the pill does nothing . 
  sounds like the process for dodging subscription back in the 70s in west germany . . 
  wait , you ca n't leave the church in poland ? 
  enjoy your eggs . 
  so , what were you getting at in the first place ? 
  fertilization has n't occured yet and these pills make it highly unlikely for a few days . 
  that 's not how these pills work . 
  sperm takes up to 5 days to reach the ovum and morning after pills delay ovulation 3-5 days . 
  it 's no ` abortion pill ' . 
  fuck off to / pol / , please . 
   corporate masters and who would that be , exactly ? 
  because of all the buggery going on ? 
  they even have their own one-dimensional lewis black surrogate . 
  terrible . 
  you never knew a lot of things , apparently . 
  properly pronounced , these are common in germany , too . 
  dude , you 're trying too hard . . 
  not a shitpost about hungary 's navy ? 
  bring in the downvotes . . 
  why the fuck is thus downvoted as heavily as it is ? 
   the point is that it was irrelevant at the time since he was not a policymaker . 
  really now ? 
  nah , i think they know exactly what they 're doing . 
   also i 'm not born here , just trying to integrate sehr gut . 
  come on . 
  hitler is as austrian as * palatschinken * , rape cellars and your precious inbreeding . . 
  do you really think that these ` vigilantes ' sit in their batcave investigating all night to identify actual perpetrators ? 
  they are just bullies drifting through the streets looking to beat up a brown person . 
  why would anyone approve of this ? 
  probably not even a real language . . 
  ah , the misguided elitism of the mouthbreather . . i hope you 're still a teenager , otherwise i fear that * hopfen und malz bei dir verloren ist *, 
   why are you so angry mate ? 
  i do n't suffer fools gladly , as they say . . 
  fuck off back to / pol / . . 
   palestinians are semites too not this shit again . 
   you do know that google is personalized based on your past search history right ? 
  entered the same string in my browser and it completed to the exact same phrase . . 
  why this beige music for the reopening ? 
  his music is like nicklebag for apple store campers, 
   absolute majority is covered with veils wat ? 
  even in berlin-wedding ( high blue collar ratio ) only about 20 % ( highballing it ) even wear headscarves . 
  i 've never even seen a veiled turkish woman in almost 15 years . 
  there are two or three but these are either afghan or arab . 
  wait , the limonov party ? 
  they spread to the baltics ? 
  looks like an innsmouth resident stepping on a lego piece, 
  then you 're pretty ignorant for your age . 
  there are frequently dokus on the public channels that deal with different aspects of the reunification and life in east germany . 
  just recently i learned that the privileged uranium miners of johanngeorgenstadt held gang bangs ... 
  rings true . 
  last week i guided a well spoken middle eastern looking guy to his bus station and took him a few stations on my ticket ( possible on weekends ) . 
  must be iranian , i thought to myself . 
  and was really surprised to find out that he actually was from izmir . 
  just the next day a german turk easily in his 40s gave a female supermarket cashier shit for ` looking at him in a strange way ' . 
  [ well , not all attacks on refugee homes have been in east germany ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-11/anti-immigrant-violence-germany ) . 
  but the east stands out , especially saxony . 
  i wonder if the police there is still blind on the right eye . . 
  eh , political comedy in germany is actually pretty good compared to the regular stand-up scene . 
  to be fair , it 's mostly polemic and pointed rants , but done really well . 
  prime example : [ georg schramm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycrkjrxwkiq ), 
  did n't the uk censor a wide range of ` deviant ' sex acts in internet porn or was that just a suggestion that never came to fruition ? 
  same . 
  never used it , never missed it , was creeped out by it from the start . 
  this answer is even more baffling than wichsiwichsi 's comment and does n't clarify anything at all . 
  new drinking game : whenever anyone says something stupid on / r/europe or / r/worldnews check the comment history if they also post on the_dolan . 
  take a shot .
