  i also like how serious they are with garbage cans, 
  i 've made an anonymous site for an university project and it had two likes after one day from indians, 
  no , because it 's an unprobable causation . 
  the liking of the french population does n't pull muslims magically in their country . 
  every resident of a former colony has the right to live in france , the dominant religion there is the islam . 
  so it 's an easy route for many muslims to europe , especially because many of those former colonies speak french , there is no language barrier . 
  yes , that is something completely different and a personal morally decision . 
  i 'm 21 now and think that 18 is too young for me . 
  that does n't mean 17 year old women are n't fully developed . 
  as i already said : it 's fucking nasty of him , but you used terms like pedophilia and ephebophilia , which are strong accusations that were n't really true for him, 
  yes , you are right but your wording was just a bit weird , i wanted to clarify it a bit, 
  feel sorry as much as you want , that does n't change the facts . 
  i agree , but have one thing to add : it does n't mean someone is not a child anymore , when he/she had sex , as your last point suggests, 
  dude , 16 , 17 year old women are fully developed , even though they still look young and ofc it 's nasty that a 30 + married man is wanting something from them , but it 's not some kind of sick behaviour . 
  i see you 're very emotional about this thing because of your friends , but do n't try to shame op out of this discussion with this . 
  link for lazy : http://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/radu_maz%c4%83re, 
  no worries you get work , you 've heard of d\u00f6nerbuden , huh ? 
  new zealand is awesome . 
  but good luck immigrating there, 
  okay last time i read about the topic they said that they could n't eat for 24 hours or so for the show . 
  those people are protesting , a fundamental concept of democracy . 
  when people are burning police cars their anger goes in the wrong direction , but `` radical '' is only a word you try to make an offensive word . 
  it is n't . 
  those people are trying their hardest to show how upset they are with the greed that is reigning western countries . 
  i 've never got active in a protest , but when i see that there are blended people like you , i sure want to . 
  the contrast between the upper and lower class becomes so clear here . 
  it 's like the tributes of panem . 
  boy , you have to try harder . 
  everyone is seeing through the bullshit you try to spread . 
  there was a post about nationalist forums who want to shift the opinion of / r/europe to spread hate . 
  no you do n't have to feel bad !, 
  there are nationalist forums that try to boycott / r/europe and shift the general opinion . 
  that should n't end our discussions , actually we should make people aware of that . 
  yes you are correct, 
  it 's just fucking sick . 
  we tell ourselves that we are living in civilized countries and there are those fucking ignorant ideas in every single one . 
  being gay is completely unrelated to this conversation and you took it to discredit his comment , because `` tumblr is leaking '' and seemingly only stupid people use it in your pov . 
  try to downplay it if you want , but this was a direct offense, 
  holy fuck what is going on ? 
  has everyone become assholes here ? 
  insulting gays , neglecting western aggression , fuck off !, 
  two reasons : this thread is fucking terrible , maybe it 's overtaken again by those nazi forums . 
  and the second reason is that people can not divide between the word islamist , which means extremist / fundamental muslims and islamic , which stands for every muslim . 
  islamic ! = islamist that 's a very severe mistake to make . 
  ah seriously , i could n't care less . 
  this whole story is super childish ( especially , but not only , erdogans reaction ) and giving in here is helping some syrian people . 
  does n't mean that erdogan can control europe like a puppet now, 
  integrated and assimilated is a difference . 
  i know plenty turks who are integrated . 
  if i would leave my country i also would n't want to lose all of my culture . 
  i do n't know . . his motives are political and not sexual . 
  first i thought you were talking about breivik, 
  with pleasure , my love : *, 
  beautiful !, 
  i was there one time and only saw this part . 
  people do mistakes , sorry if you got offended . 
  because then you will never meet people and miss out on the exciting parts of life . 
  i also love technology , but i feel unhappy without experiencing stuff outside my home . 
  to each their own of course . 
  do it , i love this posts, 
  this is jena too : http://www0.f1online.de/prew/006132000/6132547.jpg, 
  this is jena too : http://www0.f1online.de/prew/006132000/6132547.jpg, 
  that is so so sad, 
  he is czech , born with best humour , food , unbombed cities and cheap booze . 
  that 's jena for you . 
  when you are in the ` plattenbau ' , where people live in cheap big buildings it looks like the soviet dream . 
  it 's super weird, 
  * behandtucht, 
  lol , girl gets raped and you blame the feminists . 
  what a logic . 
  you are angry , but where is your anger directed here ? 
  to feminists ? 
  what do they have to do with this situation ? 
  ohh good one , mate . 
  now i understood my mistake !, 
  finally , ah i 'm so relieved, 
  exactly , nothing more . 
  never claimed it to be, 
  he is working at red bull in salzburg . 
  i 've talked with a friend who worked there too . 
  she said this guy is a fucking douche, 
  it was almost the first time i agreed with her . 
  what is true in your opinion ? 
  money is a problem in the short run , but eventually these people will take jobs , they are not savages who does n't know anything and are n't able to work . 
  they are normal people , they understand the problems they bring and they have , they want to work here and most of all they are young . 
  if they are not forced in illegal work , but properly integrated , they will pay taxes like everyone else and are paying for our and their community . 
  our duty as humans is it to help those people survive , when they are asking for help . 
  i understand that all this rapid change is scary and of course there will be problems , but the only thing that do can crush our country now is a radicalisation of left and right . 
  beautifully put , but without any use for this discussion . 
  i said being for the refugees is common sense , therefore it is in all the newspapers . 
  you took exactly op 's stand again : it does n't make sense , why is it so common ? 
  we are just circling here, 
  we owe every human the right to live . 
  it 's not laws or any quit pro quo that is reasoning this , it 's our human morality . 
  it is too less when you always do things only because you ` owe ' something to someone, 
  everyone calls those parties right winged , pc is not so much lived in germany like in the usa in my opinion . 
  i also have my concerns , of course !, 
  to think there would n't be problems is naive , but now we need to help and improve the situation , not fight against it and escalate it . 
  i would love to see this polandball do you have a link ? 
  no , the common sense is apparent , that is why you see it in all the newspapers .
