  ha we use both evro and euro even though we only use evropa . 
  u wot, 
  that denmark wants to aid with liberation of poor sand commies and with installation of democracy . 
  what up danes , oil running low ? 
  gim me 5 best photos of your islands ? 
  what the fuck is this ... 
  why ?? 
  could n't they make just one big roundabout ? 
  oh , my sweet summer child . 
  just because you have n't lived through a winter it does n't mean that it 's not real and that it will never come back . 
  winter is coming, 
  2nd pic `` mujo suljo i fata '' could that photo be any more bosnian ? 
  its true we are fucken crazy i eat children and i have to kill at least 3 bosnians every day ! 11111 you are now added to the list `` neprijatelji dr\u017eave '' . 
  i 'm not from belgrade , but taxi prices should be similiar there as well , mybe slightly higher . 
  for 40 euros taxi here would drive you 70-80 kilometers at least, 
  me me i want to know me, 
  the weirdest taxi that i took was bmw x5 in bulgaria . 
  and that was like few years ago , when x6 did n't exist yet , the price of x5 was well over 80k euros iirc , maybe even more . 
  weird part is that the price of the taxi was the same like in other normal taxis ( not that expensive ) , so i really had no clue how was it profitable for them . 
  well first things first - we have to wait for an official investigation to end . 
  ( and yes , believe it or not , but facebook posts and news articles are n't a valid source ) imho 3 different scenarios can happen when it 's done : a ) turns out that pro-russians destroyed the plane , but official moscow disagrees with the investigation . 
  that 's probably the worst-case scenario , who knows what might happen . 
  i honestly doubt that nato will openly invade eastern ukraine , that could cause a shitstorm of epic proportions , but if they want they will have a somewhat valid cause to do so . 
  b ) turns out that pro-russians destroyed the plane and official moscow agrees . 
  putin is n't a stupid man so i guess that he will realize that there is absolutely no justification for shooting down a civilian plane and will try to somewhat save the shaky image of russia . 
  he will probably make public announcement how russia will help to arrest the people responsible and that 's probably it , followed by lots of ` talks ' and ` deals ' with western leaders about that whole case . 
  c ) turns out that ukrainians destroyed the plane . 
  russians will probably use that to further present themselves as good liberators and ukrainians as evil nazis . 
  all in all it 's a really fucked up situation . 
  my condolences for the innocent victims . 
  the topic of this thread is that the taxes are 75 % , not how greece got into dire economic situation . 
  no matter how fucked up the state is , 75 % is waaay too much , small business owners are n't guilty for bad situation and they should n't be the ones paying for corruption of the politicians . 
  fuck u man , that was like the saddest scene from the match , my heart broke when i saw that kid even though i cheered for germany , why you have to remind me of that !, 
  popular term for that in serbian is `` transfer blama '' , meaning literally `` the transfer of embarrassment '' . 
  [ `` ahh did i remember to turn the stove off ? 
  what hte fuck how could you kill that bus u fgts !, 
  ! 111 ps directed by george rr martin !, 
  song name pls ? 
  if that 's the case i truly apologize , my mistake , but i remember that i clearly saw the said word ... 
  i was on mobile then , maybe it was some other comment . 
  the original comment said that serbs were glorifying war crimes , then he edited it after my question . 
  fuck this edit : okay , why am i downvoted now ? 
  now can you please show me where are people glorifying serbian crimes in that thread ? 
  please, 
  yes , but i do n't see how destroying civilian bridges and cities helps remove the regime . 
  i live in the suburbs of the 3rd city by population in my country and i still remember the day nato bombed it . 
  there were no military units there , just civilian buildings and houses . 
  u wot m80 ? 
  do n't do that to me , i need it for science d : now surname pls edit : google wo n't cooperate , i ca n't find her when i search for ` nicole the bulgarian weather hottie ' :(, 
  name of the weather girl ? 
  i hope senpai albert will annex me \u0295 \u2022 \u1d25 \u2022 \u0294, 
  multiple , serbia was under the russia 's sphere of influence before that ( like belarus now ) so it was a good chance to ` steal ' away one more country from them . 
  kosovo has a pretty good geopolitical location , so the us built their biggest army base outside of us soil there ( [ bondsteel ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel ) ) , which could never happen under serbian government back then . 
  after lots of ` interventions ' against the muslim countries , it was also a good chance for us to help muslims once and prove that they are n't trying to destroy muslim world ( like many of them think ) . 
  kosovo has [ lots of resources ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_resources_of_kosovo ) , it 's rich in coal , gold , and other minerals , it 's also rumored that there are big reserves of groundwater . 
  just few of the reasons from the top of my head , i 'm sure there are more . 
  then you did n't understand at all what i was saying , i certainly do n't support what russia is doing ... 
  do you all really believe in international law and justice lol . 
  there is no difference , usa had interest in taking kosovo and they did it because they could . 
  it does n't matter whether serbians were killing albanians or they all lived in harmony . 
  look at underdeveloped 5th world african countries where people are living worse than animals . 
  why america and russia are n't helping them ? 
  no interest . 
  same with crimea . 
  another super power could take a piece of land and they are doing it because they can . 
  but propaganda , propaganda and more propaganda from your government and you all fools start believing that you are ` on the right side ' , ` they are insane ' , ` we must fight for justice ' etc. 
  you start hating russians/americans/serbians / whoever . 
  i 'm writing this rant because i am sick and tired of seeing people everywhere , on the internet , from my neighborhood , wherever blindly supporting one side or another and believing that they are right . 
  this is how wars start , leaders manipulate the common people into believing whatever they want and it leads to terrible things . 
  why the fuck ca n't you all understand that , it 's not that hard , we have been killing each other for the last 50 000 years , and now with all the tech and shit we achieved , we still have so many people that believe in stupid things like ` russia wants to help crimea because there are russians there ' or ` usa wants to defend crimea because they want to protect the territorial integrity of ukraine ' , ` they have right to fight because the other side broke the international law ' ... rofl . 
  ... ... [ \u2713 ] remove borders [ \u2713 ] remove roaming charges [ x ] renovatio imperii, 
  ohmygod i foken love italia i dont want it to split ; _ ;, 
  it 's not about the country , it 's the human nature , people everywhere do that . 
  while you are right in theory , and generally that is a good life advice , in practice and for this specific case what you said makes no sense whatsoever . 
  can they fix the broken shit with 0.2 eur sponges and 1 eur detergent ? 
  can they fix the pipeline , can they fix the walls ? 
  can they install the heating system ? 
  can they get new furniture ? 
  did you even see the photos , all that stuff is like from the time of ex yugoslavia , simply tidying it up wo n't change much . 
  yep maybe they could , but that needs a lot of money ? 
  why would they invest the money in something that 's not even their ? 
  if they had the money in the first place , they probably would n't even live there . 
  i 'm all up for citizen activism and i also have the ` do n't wait for others to fix your shit ' attitude , but in this case it 's simply impossible . 
  they need support from an official government institution . 
  even if the students themselves donated all the money and did all the work , they would still need to cooperate with some institution . 
  so please , do n't just blame every bad thing on the people , sometimes it really is on the state . 
  woah :o source ? 
  oh man this is the right question for any serbian . 
  any real patriot serbian likes sci-fi and likes to fantasize about going back in time and changing the course of his holy homeland . 
  here are two of my own * i would bring a few ak-47 's with me to 15th june 1389 and help the serbian defenders defeat the ottoman empire on the battle of kosovo . 
  and stay free , while in reality we were under the ottoman rule for the next 500 years . 
  while other european countries had their renaissance we were just a shithole of ottoman empire . 
  * i would go back to 1918 and prevent the creation of yugoslavia and everything that followed . 
  communism set us back for like 100 years . 
  back than serbia was on the right track , industry was growing , country was relatively stable , but all that followed fucked us hard . 
  how the fuck do you have 777,787 karma ? 
  and thank you for fixing it . 
  level 82 orc grunt champion boosting the morale of his horde . 
  nobody gives a shit about laws , by international laws and resolutions kosovo coulnd ' t secede from serbia , but still it happened . 
  unfortunately , it only matters if your friends are more powerful than their friends .
