  thanks obama . 
  serbia would be that guy who got really drunk , approached a girl and then the girl rejected him , so he yelled that he is the strongest motherfucker around and started a fight . 
  invest all money in discovery of something that will give me super powers . 
  than i can rule as i see fit . 
  ohmy god i ca n't believe this , a list where serbia is not last ; _ ;, 
  fuck yeah , i would do the same thing if i was a billionaire . 
  then i would direct the money myself into building schools , parks and whatnot , i would not like to pay taxes for politicians to go on vacations and buy luxury cars . 
  estonia of big, 
  i hated you because i had to download this to see it , but then when i saw it , it went straight to my phone background . 
  ' 403 forbidden ', 
  he is the ultimate bear fighter , fighting with bear with his own bare hands and winning . 
  that is manly as fuck ;d, 
  lol look at that guy at 0:08 , he is like the manliest guy ever , he is going towards the bear and bear is backing off :d, 
  fuck wolves , here we have a wild boar running through the downtown of my city http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7t_8tgmv98 q_q, 
  exactly . 
  he 's now bigger pro-european than europeans . 
  i am starting to change my views of him . 
  anyway does n't matter what he thinks as long he gets shit done and does n't fuck up the country even more . 
  oh my god i dont know what could it mean, 
  yes serbs are evil they eat babies ! ~ ! 11, 
  srbija stronk srbija best on a more serious note , i will tell you how we look on this whole kosovo matter . 
  is it biased or is it real , you decide , i am just giving you a view of average serbian : 1 ) albanians did ethnic cleansing of kosovo and declared independence . 
  2 ) we ca n't do shit about it because us is on their side ( = eu too ) . 
  3 ) us is on their side because we have never been an ally of us , we always rejected their proposals ( one of them from recent history : americans requested that they build [ base ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_bondsteel ) on kosovo , while kosovo was still ours , which we rejected ) . 
  me personally ? 
  i do n't really give a fuck anymore . 
  there is nothing we can do about it , we lost it , it 's done . 
  it 's about time we start looking into the future and stop thinking about the past and all that shit , so i am a bit disappointed that we did n't sign that agreement , but all in all , i still do n't give a fuck :d, 
  you 've been to a wrong place my friend  there are lots of places with good night life in greece , example paralia , zakynthos , lefkada etc. . . 
  most of the people there are under 30 and night life is crazy . 
  as for italy , i 've been only in rome and venice , i do n't really know some good ` party ' places . 
  i 've been in lots of european cities and i 've noticed one specific thing that causes me to feel ` sad ' like you are describing . 
  in most of major cities , after 9pm or so , streets get so empty . 
  only drug dealers and some homeless people are out . 
  worst was in prague , yeah it was a working day , but i was out in the street at about 9:30 in the downtown and all i 've seen is hobos and ` suspicious ' types . 
  maybe i 'm too used to my country . 
  despite the popular belief , here ( in serbia ) people do n't run around in the streets with rpg launchers . 
  streets are usually crowded , especially in the summer , lots of people just hanging out until late night . 
  families with children passing by etc. 
  i can take a 5-6km walk from down town to my house at 1 am and 99 % of the time i feel safe and i am not alone on the street . 
  people passing by , going places etc. 
  and during the day , every day , all cafes are full and streets are full . 
  yes , that 's because unemployment is high and people are lazy , but it has it 's upsides too :p maybe it 's just the ` fear of the unknown ' , but i find that really depressing about some big cities . 
  i can recommend greece or italy , some nice city by the sea , i think that you will feel much happier . 
  greece and serbia big stronk, 
  but muslims have taken 1/4 of my country 's territory and gypsies stole my bike when i was a kid ... : c, 
  burek hahaahahahahaahahahah :d :d :d i 'm gon na get dog just so i could name it burek, 
  every single war in human history was about resources , only very naive people believe in some higher goals and ideals . 
  yes that 's the one grolsch ! 11 i thought that it was polish  anyway thanks !, 
  please remind me , what is that polish bear that has that strange cork-like thingy , that is attached to the bottle with some sort of mechanism , so when you open it , it can be easily closed again . 
  i hope you understand what am i trying to say :d i was in poland few months ago and that beer tasted fucking awesome , but i forgot it 's name :(, 
  i did n't know yugoslavia existed in 2011, 
  yeah ... i ca n't be bothered to argue , lets agree to disagree ... 
  ` we ' did n't do it . 
  if you did it , say ` i ' , not ` we ' . 
  i did n't kill anyone and i never had some war delusions . 
  because some group of people did terrible things , whole nation should not be guilty . 
  the individuals did it , prosecute them . 
  i am not an asshole . 
  and i know a lot of good people here . 
  so saying country x is amazing/asshole country is a really childish way of thinking . 
  ye i know that , i meant that i do n't know the right translation of ` maturski rad ' to english , so i chose dissertation , it 's probably the closest term :d, 
  ahh in serbia for high school graduation , among the other things , you have to write a ` dissertation ' ( do n't know the english word for it ) on a certain topic and then present it in front of few professors . 
  i graduated from hs in 2007 and back then i chose geography - republic of ireland for my topic . 
  i did a lot of research and learned a lot about the country and i remember how amazed i was with how ireland 's economy was growing , they developed really fast , in 2007 they were 6th on the list of countries by gdp if i remember correctly . 
  and look now , just 6 years later , crisis and all that shit . 
  stuff can really change around fast . 
  there are like 1000000000 interesting graphs there and you chose this one : / but thanks for sharing anyway , i did n't have a clue that google had this kind of feature . 
  serbia . 
  annoying loud bully . 
  sweden . 
  rich asocial kid that has straight a 's . 
  irritating loud nerd kid that likes to know everything and be everywhere . 
  greece . 
  hot girl , chilling on the beach all day . 
  boys used to pay for her drinks all the time , she is confused why they suddenly stopped . 
  finland . 
  coming drunk to the classes all the time . 
  netherlands . 
  coming high to the classes all the time . 
  bosnia . 
  confused about himself and not really sure what he is . 
  popular girl , her boyfriend is germany . 
  germany . 
  strong guy , trying to be the leader of the class . 
  just some of my prejudices . 
  adasdasd remind me what that song is from , i forgot edit : it was in the title : /, 
  [ mmm yeah ] ( http://www.cellphones.ca/images/news/bill%20gates%20pc.jpg ), 
  damn sounds like a good offer and you sound like the type of guy i would like to work with , too bad i already have a decent job :d good luck finding your guy !, 
   must know java , c ( + + / # ) , php yes , companies quite often look for junior programmers who ` know ' multiple languages . 
  it looks scary , but it really is n't , 99 % of the time companies understand that they ca n't get a junior programmer who knows all that stuff good . 
  so you should try to apply even if you do n't have working experience in all of the specified languages , just some basic ideas and syntax behind the language . 
  and the idea behind programming is the same , just some syntax differences , once you get the hang of it you can learn pretty much anything if you are willing to put effort into it , 
  it/computer science master race reporting in . 
  bow to us you jobless mortals . 
  damn looks like our politicians took the `` we should be more like eu '' quite literally . 
  sorry for the google translate version , but i could n't find english version of this article . 
  basically it was recently discovered that [ aflatoxins ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aflatoxin ) in milk were way above the limit of 0.05 micrograms / kilogram . 
  aflatoxins can cause cancer and can damage liver functions . 
  so a lot of milk was pulled off the shelves so they could find the ` solution ' and now they come up with this shit - just increase the limit to 0.5 micrograms / kilogram and it 's perfect , no problem anymore !,
