  this is some month python shit . 
  1/10 , go troll somewhere else, 
  go away mr merkel, 
  i like how a belgian guy is correcting englishman 's english . 
  go be angry somewhere else eh . 
  estonia big, 
  estonia big, 
  i 'm from serbia , if you plan on coming here let me now , i 'll give you more info . 
  i am not an expert in economy by any means , but i think that it 's crucial for any country/region to have a real production first . 
  factories that make real shit , cars , dishwashers , cell phones , plates , space ships , real products that people can use . 
  basing your whole economy only on services seems like a reaaaally risky thing that is n't sustainable . 
  therefore i really do not like that more and more factories are moving their production lines to china . 
  i understand that it is much cheaper , but to me it looks like slowly digging your own hole so governments must think up a way to keep the production in their own countries . 
  take my country for example , serbia . 
  20-30 years ago , back in yugoslavia , there was a major industry/factory in every city that employed 1000-10000 people , every region was making something . 
  now all that crumbled , all we have left is shopping malls and various similar services . 
  lots of engineers are unemployed , phds that used to make computers are now taxi drivers and whole country is poor , there is no profit , there is no export . 
  he probably meant a city with lots of fags and liberals huehue to op , i recommend krakow , pl . 
  lots of young people ( i believe that it is the city with most students in europe ) , cool stuff to see , cheap prices . 
  i visited it few times , the city left really positive impression on me . 
  ah soo boring sweden , try some serbia bros * the biggest tycoon ( think someone like berlusconi , only less scandals ) arrested * is the new vice prime minister vu\u010di\u0107 legit and our super hero savior that is going to arrest all the criminals , or is he just another fake liar * kosovo kosovo kosovo it 's ours but it 's not ours fak what do * some war crimes here and there * mayans predicted : 21.12.2012 will be then end of the world . 
  the end of the serbia will be every time when we have snow ( because all those government agencies that should take care of snow are too incompetent/lazy , so roads get really shit and people start whining like it 's the end of the world ), 
  really strange , people are reporting that he has been completely normal and there was n't anything weird , he kinda just ... jumped . 
  mind control ? 
  :0 condolences to his family . 
   and in return hungary opened up its borders to serbia . 
  hungarian borders were never closed for serbians and other eu citizens . 
  during this whole migrant crysis ( which is going on for months ) as long as you had standard papers ( passport ) you could enter hungary without problems . 
  but after just 2-3 days of migrant crysis croatia closed it 's borders for everyone coming from serbia which makes no sense whatsoever . 
  0:31 nice map, 
  stop spreading lies . 
  it does n't say that anywhere . 
  lol . 
  that 's exactly the same thing that serbian army will do - prevent people to enter illegally . 
  it looks like you are a shill , it 's not possible that someone is this stupid, 
  but hungary somehow has more rights and it can push people into serbia ? 
  what the fuck are you even talking about , are you that stupid or just a shill ? 
   ( thanks ~ ~ latin america ? ~ ~ spanish conquistadors ), 
   article about hungary , serbia , migrants  ** serbia **  [ triggered ] ( http://cdn.funnyisms.com/09c0c3d0-a26f-4a2f-8696-56a4ca06fb45.gif ), 
  born too early ... 
  we drink it as well and we call it \u0160pricer - white wine ( or ros\u00e9 ) mixed with mineral water . 
  lol it 's called bambus here too . 
  eh , i would n't say that inter is the most popular foreign team , but it 's popularity certainly grew because of stankovic . 
  we have lots of players in strong european teams , but i would n't say that 's the main deciding factor , even though it helps for sure . 
  just come back and gib clay , we 'll get rid of milo for you . 
  and it wo n't be enough to defeat serbia o /, 
  any good european web host and vps provider ? 
  i use digitalocean ( us ) , they have great tools and they are very reliable , but i 've considered moving to a european based service . 
   literally nobody thank you for your input , our dear representative of all opinions in western europe . 
  i was there and i know what i saw . 
  i do n't know why was that , but the second i mentioned that i am from serbia , the guy completely changed . 
  i just told a funny anectode and you somehow concluded that i think that everyone percieves us as `` badass '' or whatever . 
  yes i embraced the reputation . 
  few weeks ago , when i was in greece , there were couple of swedes in a hotel room next to my room . 
  i was sitting on the balcony and i started talking with one of them and when i told him that i am serbian he completely changed the look on his face and shortly afterwards he run inside the room . 
  top kek, 
  looks like croats stole you all from the greeks . 
  i go to greece almost every year and i do n't think that i 've seen more than 5 % of germans . 
  there are lots of signs in german etc , most older greeks can speak german , they always talk how there were tons of germans before . 
  it 's cheap as fuck . 
  and this is coming from a serbian so you do the math . 
  people here use `` at '' or `` monkey '' i never heard about that `` crazy a '' thing, 
  i do n't know if you lived under the rock for the past few months , but isis is killing civilians left and right in the middle east and they are constantly ~ ~ treating ~ ~ threatening european countries ( including serbia ), 
  okay serious question - why does n't nato send airstrikes , drones and other shit and just obliterates isis forces ? 
  it 's 2015 , with the current technology and military supremacy i am pretty sure that they could find them all and destroy their forces in a matter of days . 
  sooo when someone chants stupid shit you think that proper reaction is to send armed terrorists to deal with them ? 
  i fucking hate it when i enter a restaurant or something and it 's like 17 degrees inside , while it 's 40 outside . 
  few weeks ago i almost collapsed when i entered a shop , the sudden 20 degree difference is a real shock for the body, 
  aw shiet smart and reasonable comment in this sub . 
  rare sighting, 
  serbia relevant serbia best bread best wheat ahaahaha suck it europoors, 
  i do not know . 
  there is shit ton of propaganda thrown everywhere and on both sides . 
  ask serbs - albanians killed 100000 serbs . 
  ask albanians - serbs killed 100000 albanians . 
  i am just tired of serbs = nazi butches i see everywhere , 90 % of people were not in any war and they do n't know what is happening . 
  yes serbs killed jesus too . 
  yes it 's serbs fault that kosovo politicians are organ harvesters and drug traffickers, 
  thx clinton , thx bush, 
  serbia proud western country, 
  it was just so your companies could controll the oil , that 's all . 
  [ eh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ghmuf3imxu ), 
  [ why not a a materialistic r \\ ( h \\ ) asta who has simply the best autotune skills ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnhrxftjk_c ), 
  i think i 've heard that word 4 times in my life , everyone uses akord, 
  lol . 
  people from northern serbia have more trouble understanding dialects from southern serbian , for them it 's eassier to understand an average croatian . 
  no offense , but you are just a language masturbator, 
  so 150 000 different words but we understand each other 99.9 % of the time ? 
  hmmmm, 
  i do n't know about general opinion , that 's just my opinion  finnish sounds almost like a romance language and kinda just flows with all the vovels and shit . 
  all i hear is palalallilialalleleean . 
  sometimes it sounds like fucking elvish . 
  and elvish is like way cooler than your human languages . 
  but finnish sounds so much cooler than the rest , so you got that going for you, 
  i like how the map legend is all over balkans like lol high speed rail in balkans, 
  after living through few wars in my country just in my lifetime , you realize how much of a propaganda wars are and how people on both sides die for no reason . 
  blinded by the hate induced by their leaders , who just sit somewhere far away and safe . 
  i 'd be the first to run away from fighting now and i totally understand those people . 
  i believe this was already posted here , but for those who missed it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zapuo_0x-y ( turn on cc on youtube , there are english subs ) just normal people , running away from lunatics .
