  here 's hoping it can stay contained . 
  is this real life ? 
  i will have to check vanhelsing out . 
  i did really enjoy dbz and dragonball however . 
  no , we are the worst . 
  the chevy cruze diesel does n't come with a spare either . 
  only a can of run-flat !, 
  the area where the spare tire usually goes is where the urea tank is . 
  i mean , they 're one in the same kinda . 
  yea no one uses wire transfers so thats true . 
  its all venmo now . 
  chips are almost everywhere now . 
  all my cards use it . 
  checks are merely a tool of the elderly and baby boomers at this point . 
  the younger generation would n't even know how to fill one out . 
  although the chips and cards look like they will eventually just get skipped over for nfc android and apple pay options . 
  samsung pay is just too awesome . 
  you have definitely never been to cleveland . 
  i love this sub . 
  i think he may have been joking . 
  i think opening cuban relations was a good thing . 
  here also . 
  good to see access to it becoming easier . 
  usually written test to get your permit to drive with parents or guardian . 
  then a driving test to get your actual license . 
  not sure where you do n't have to take any tests . 
  that could just be made up . 
  have you ever been to disney world ? 
  nice, 
  this sub is so feisty . 
  not bad . 
  cost me $ 1 for a year . 
  i do n't use it anymore though . 
  would n't giving weapons to ukraine help force the cease fire since the separatists would be less likely to attack a better armed nation ? 
  from the outside looking in , i hope both the uk and eu can come to a compromise that works for them . 
  there are some diesel cars such as the cruze . 
  this is a largely waning market though especially since the vw episode . 
  however , the diesel truck market is still pretty big . 
  ford , chevy , dodge , and even nissan offer diesel pickup trucks in their lineup . 
  while many of these are for agricultural use , a would bet the majority is still passenger and material hauling . 
  the agricultural trucks also need to be registered as such which allows them to use the cheaper red diesel . 
  but the larger lorry trucks are and will most likely be diesel for a long time as that is the best application of the higher compression engines . 
  interesting . 
  i think most of the adblue caps are right next to the fuel filler cap over here . 
  something like [ this . 
  i thought adblue was a brand of def like band-aid is for bandages . 
  looks like the terms are interchangeable . 
  i assumed they were being used in lorries but not sure about the consumer market . 
  thanks for the info . 
  sorry , diesel exhaust fluid . 
  although i will take this answer as a no . 
  is the use of def common in europe ? 
  i do n't see much talk about it in articles such as this . 
  or was that something only common in the us ? 
  especially since pre-ordering and online purchasing has become the norm . 
  why wait in line when i can just order it and pick it up or have it delivered ? 
  no worries !, 
  if you 've been and experienced it that is totally understandable . 
  thanks for the link to the wef report . 
  i think quality of roads in that report and the driver satisfaction report that waze did are different metrics to measure which could explain our higher rating in the waze report . 
  maybe both are accurate . 
  i never said the roads were n't great in the countries you listed . 
  i am sure they are great . 
  i am just trying to point out that a few of you are assuming all the roads in the us are horrible based on nothing . 
  does that not seem weird to you ? 
  the roads here are fine . 
  why do they have to suck ? 
  is it that big of a deal that the roads here are fine ? 
  are there any rankings you can link to ? 
  you ca n't just say they are way better . 
  have you ever been on a us interstate ? 
  i will guess no . 
  the roads here are fine . 
  there is just a sentiment in this sub that anything that paints the us in a good light must be wrong because we suck . 
  why ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  what about [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/comments/5284dm/cloud9_vs_ninjas_in_pyjamas_sl_ileague_starseries/d7i3qmd ) or [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/comments/504x3z/if_cloud9_want_to_be_the_no1_na_team_excluding_sk/d71gpxl ) comment of yours ? 
  i like them because the first one you generalize two entire continents and the second one you complain about the exact thing you are doing to / u/matttk . 
  with the amount of bulgarians i see in the us in these developer positions i would have expected to see them higher . 
  just let them think everything is a shit hole . 
  why is that ? 
  is it some sort of littering deterrent ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  this case is more about ireland 's shady tax loopholes . 
  apple was just a victim of the ec deciding the loopholes were shite . 
  hey man , cost of doing business . 
  probably wo n't actually pay the whole amount , but they 'll be fine because omg new iphneeeefdn, 
  are n't they both just asshole companies ? 
  can we all agree ? 
  lol what ? 
  yea , belgium is nuts !, 
  i 'm just saying that is what the article called it . 
  avoidance , not evasion . 
  but fuck me, 
  avoidance, 
  are we a supranational tax authority ? 
  edit : sorry this was an honest question . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or wrong just how it is . 
  they do n't . 
  its just looked as a competition overall .
