everyone has to get their corn from somewhere !, 
  well , i was n't trying to compare quality of life indexes . 
  just presenting information about how these cities are ranked economically . 
  hey no worries . 
  vegas is in there too !, 
  nyc and london are numbers 1 and 2 in every category that is ranked and are in a league of their own . 
  you would n't have to worry about migrants anymore . 
  wow i remember that guy in texas . 
  it is hard to think how tough things must be in your home country to take the chance in a back of a lorry and then have this happen . 
  here is hoping a peaceful solution can be found . 
  i agree . 
  the only thing i think could be an issue however is who would take the lead role on military action once we pulled out ? 
  i like to think that it would be a joint effort , but after seeing the bickering between nations when it comes to greece and immigration , i imagine we would see more of a laissez faire attitude to defense by the european nations . 
  i do believe however the means to defend itself lies within europe . 
  there is a reason it has been the most prosperous area in the history of earth . 
  i believe that perhaps things need to be kicked into gear however to make that happen . 
  just my thoughts however . 
  i never claim to be an expert on anything !, 
  i wish you were right . 
  okay . 
  good to see beer snobbery crosses all cultures . 
  vw america sold a lot of crap cars . 
  super unreliable , a complete bitch to repair , and basically everything was made of cheap plastic . 
  they are getting better though . 
  still , their reputation in the states is n't exactly great . 
  something along the lines that europe was backwards compared to america or some shit . 
  if there is one thing for sure its that every country has its fair share of morons . 
  redditor for 9 minutes . 
  do n't you have anything else to do besides make americans look bad ? 
  holy balls i only pay 0.06 usd per kwh . . 
  just dropped the temp another degree in honor of you guys . 
  ~ 1014lbs for any other lurking americans in here ... 
  fences never work man . 
  believe me . 
  nah its cool this is just that old copypasta with a finnish flair . 
  indeed . 
  sitting on the other side of the pond has allowed a luxury of ignorance to spread around here . 
  this video really drives the severity of the situation home . 
  fantastic watch . 
  this is a very strange thing to be upset about . 
  google fiber master race . 
  too soon . 
  it 's like that for a lot of places . 
  i think canada could give ireland a run for its money for best neighbor in the world . 
  lol struck a chord maybe !, 
  such different worlds we live in ... 
  [ this ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/02/14/277058739/1-in-4-americans-think-the-sun-goes-around-the-earth-survey-says ) article says we were only around 26 % . 
  however we did n't fair as well when it comes to knowing that humans evolved from another species ( assuming this is due to religion ) . 
  flair please !, 
  strange that they would choose denmark as a target of terrorism . 
  i would imagine that it would be easier to get a radicalized person in a country in southern europe than scandinavia . 
  i guess it could just be a false claim however . 
  let 's hope so . 
  i wish we could have a high level government purge . 
  maybe the eu and the usa are n't as different as people like to believe ? 
  do you need a lozenge ? 
  if we do that i would also like to pick up poor luxembourg . 
  all alone surrounded . . 
  very interesting . 
  everything ( and everybody ) is so close together !, 
  it all makes sense now !, 
  no worries !, 
  every country has their weird customs !, 
  man , this seems forced . 
  but upvote anyway !, 
  surprise !, 
  is it minecraft related ? 
  the data from this map is taken from [ here ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=united+states ) . 
  if you average out all the local purchasing power index entries for the usa , it comes out to about ~ 136 . 
  of course there is a welfare system here . 
  there are a lot of people on here that think we just line poor people up and shoot them . 
  hmmmmm ... 
  please , tell me more of your superiority . 
  not netherlands . 
  dectober 3rd 2016 , and december 3rd 2017 . 
  i knew ee was cool . 
  i do n't think our way is better or makes more sense , but it does follow our typical dialect which i believe is the reason for its widespread use . 
  when we say a date , we say march 24th , not 24 march or 24th of march . 
  so when we see a date written 3/24/16 , we read it as we normally would , march 24th , 2016 . 
  the exception of course being the 4th of july . 
  however i see this more as a way to distinguish it as a holiday since no one really calls it independence day . 
  damn , i thought danes were nice people . 
  you know , i just realized that 9/11 is 11/9 to all of you . 
  yet you call it 9/11 just to humor us . 
  brings a tear to my eye . 
  that 's harsh . 
  i do n't necessarily see anything wrong with wanting to explore your heritage . 
  not sure what type of assumptions they are making but i can see how that would be annoying . 
  also , as far as most americans are concerned , your just from great britain . 
  we typically do n't differentiate countries within the kingdom and most of the time great britain = england . 
  i 'm not saying this is correct , just most likely the reason they call you english . 
  but , most of us learn history for your country from braveheart . 
  i 'd czech it out . 
  is this only in public places ? 
  i do n't think i have ever experienced this . 
  just curious , what is the benefit to milk in bag ? 
  a rooty tooty point and shooty ? 
  also [ this . 
  do you think there will be a push to get the refugees vaccinated ? 
  this is actually quite scary .
