dutch is very much `` in the middle '' of the european language landscape . 
  it 's similar to both german and english , and it has this entire set of alternative vocabulary of romance origin too . 
  i have this wild / r/badlinguistics suitable theory that basque and japanese are somehow connected . 
  their phonetics are somewhat similar ( l-r interchangeability , s -  \u0283 change before i ) , and the copula in japanese is `` da '' , which it is too in basque . 
  i read somewhere that publishers actually lose money from contracting translators , because the translated books do n't really sell . 
  they often still do it anyway for the appeasement of the ( sizeable ) minority . 
  i do n't know anyone who has a deep fryer . 
  and personally i do n't really see the point . 
  i do n't get how you can be ok with the `` ring '' of tsjechi\u00eb , but not with the ring of `` czechia '' . 
  it 's literally the same word . 
  just say tsjechi\u00eb the way a brit would say it and there you go . 
  but is n't that just how they call it in german ? 
  just like any other language , dutch uses exonyms . 
  parijs for paris , berlijn for berlin , keulen for k\u00f6ln , . 
  there used to be many more in general use ( often for places with some historical tie to the netherlands , or with some general importance ) , but today , if the place is less well known , we often just use the endonym pronounced like dutch . 
  a fun example is french flanders , where towns nowadays have frenchified dutch names , but of which the original dutch name has died out . 
  so how should we call them ?? 
  yea, 
  i mean ... pvda and d66 still have sizable shares , but those parties are n't that much alike despite both being labelled `` centre-left '' . 
  or is op referring directly to social democracy ? 
  native dutch , near-native english , school-taught french and german , conversational spanish . 
  my family has a holiday home on the catalan coast . 
  one time we were returning from the beach , and the neighbours suddenly insisted we join them for supper . 
  we already had plans food-wise , so we politely said no thanks . 
  five minutes later , sure enough we were being fed jam\u00f3n and gazpacho . 
  ai n't gon na find no dutch top level comment here ( ; ____  although i suppose the belgians believe their dutch is superior to ours , and they 're probably right . 
  that 's about the only harsh thing about it though ... apart from that dutch sounds pretty soft , really . 
  and the extra stanza they do decide to sing ( mijn schild ende betrouwen ... ) is such a religious bore . 
  i think our anthem sounds quite distinctive though , despite it being close to 500 years old . 
  and it really tells a story , whereas other anthems are mostly just '' { insert country } fuck yeah !, 
  '' - songs . 
  and every now and then a herald shouts `` plus !, 
  it seems a good ( dare i say natural ? ), 
  way to way to formalize a lifelong relationship . 
  i do n't pertain religion to it per se . 
  but the kingdom of the netherlands is truly the republic 's successor state , especially after wilhelmina made the william the national anthem again , symbolically tying the successors of the house of orange to the originalist republicans . 
  another step would 've been to reinstate the prinsenvlag , but let 's just say we should be glad that the fascists did n't get the anthem too . 
  \\* screams in agony \\*, 
  i think people would n't say engeland if they are referring to a specific location outside england proper . 
  for example , if i were to go to aberdeen , i would n't tell my friends i was going to engeland . 
  we often refer to england in the context of what 's on the other side of the sea , and in that case engeland is ok to say because it actually is england !, 
  i love writing looped x ` es . 
  we totally should 've taken flanders , brabant and limburg when you offered . 
  might 've prevented wwi in the process . 
  as far as i 'm concerned : marks and spencer  marqt  albert heijn  jumbo  dirk  deen  coop  spar  aldi ( we got nord apparently )  lidl  non-branded ( mostly expensive and shitty ) . 
  albert heijn is by far the most popular `` quality '' supermarket . 
  there are a few more upmarket supermarkets such as marks and spencer and marqt , so depending on their budget someone might put them above ah in their list . 
  hmm ? 
  i mean , they do . 
  they 're just quite far away . 
  if iceland counts as europe , then no i have not . 
  based on shape and sword-fighting experience i think the french should win here . 
  assuming you meant hitting one another with bread that is . 
  you got the words i did n't . 
  mind the difference in meaning between your liberals and our liberals . 
  well , about a month before christmas time . 
  or is everything beyond thanksgiving christmas time in the us or something ? 
  during the war , my grandfather had to hide from the germans in the second basement of an hotel in amsterdam . 
  he was an intelligent man , and afterward he was able to see things in perspective . 
  however , whenever someone mentioned ` german ' , he 'd get this bitter expression on his face . 
  i do n't think he could help it . 
  could n't greater regional autonomy go hand in hand with a more united europe ? 
  verbs actually agree by gender in polish ? 
  til . 
  that 's probably what i had in mind when i said `` that person '' . 
  thanks . 
  what about demonstrative pronouns ? 
  in dutch , when we do n't want to say _ hij _ or _ zij _ , we can say _ die _ , or just say `` that one '' ( diegene ) . 
  `` they '' in english is the 3rd person plural pronoun , but that does n't make make the singular use sound strange to the trained ear . 
  in dutch it would n't be possible because `` they '' = `` zij '' , which is also the feminine 3rd person singular . 
  so , i would n't have expected it to work in many languages beside english . 
  i know that in sweden they 've simply adopted an entirely new word for it . 
  gender neutral \u2260 neuter gender, 
   i hope he reproduces . 
  the old czech statement of reverence . 
  ah , the amphibious drunk brit . 
  amsterdam 's central neighbourhood is a semicircle around the centraal station ( on the location of the old zuiderzee sea-port ) . 
  dam square , slightly south , is on the location of the original dam in the amstel river . 
  the city originally expanded from there . 
  even though a christian centre-right coalition seems obvious , it 's easier said than done . 
  vvd and d66 could start with a liberal base , which i 'm happy enough about , but from there ... those two are at direct odds on many topics with the confessionalist parties . 
  i 'd like to see them swing it the other way , perhaps engaging talks with gl and sp , in which case vvd needs to have the political will to forge a broad coalition . 
  well ... take everything you dislike about erdogan - his autocratic tendencies , his bullying tone , his dogmatic `` telling it like it is '' style , apply it to a white-and-curly-haired indonesian/backup-belgian , and you 'll see that we 've got an erdogan of our own . 
  i 'm not saying that he is n't right about some things , but wilders is anything but the ` heroic saviour who stands up for the people ' - we had our `` awakening from political correctness '' ( ugh that term ) in the early 2000s already , with pim fortuyn . 
  wilders does n't represent that same contingent ( he pretends to ) , but rather the anti-globalist nationalist wing of the vvd . 
  ( this is why wilders broke away from that party , and the point of contention was nicely explained by pm rutte in yesterday 's debate . 
  ( [ link ] ( http://www.npo.nl/eenvandaag-verkiezingsdebat/13-03-2017/at_2068054 ) , during the minute starting 33:00 - `` ultimately we do n't look at where somebody comes from , we look at where they 're headed '' ) ) . 
  essentially , wilders just panders to a particular group who will not concede anything . 
  they never explain anything constructively for people who fall outside of that group . 
  moreover , it appears that in their neo-fascist worldview the world is a battleground for different ethno-religious groups ; that it 's `` judeo-christian heritage vs islamic fundamentalism '' . 
  you 're with them , or you 're against them . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  it is especially upsetting to me that erdogan manages to align himself with that last sentiment ( accusations of nazism ) , making the same mistake simultaneously . 
  it just shows that words mean nigh on nothing to these types . 
  i am so glad that in the end he was once again a happy man . 
  what pc-culture ? 
  i really do n't think that in a free and uncensored society anyone is really holding back from voicing their opinion . 
  the anonymity of the internet has massively contributed to that . 
  the goal of social media should not be to silence personal opinion . 
  if you mean the social tendency to ` agree ' with people you 're directly involved with in person , even if your actual thoughts on the matter at that time differ ... is n't that just a normal part of human functioning ?
