my thoughts : please , please , please , develop into a sensible , progressive , and forward looking group of nations . 
  it 's not , it 's pretty boring , it tastes like fat pasta . 
  i think a lot of people here ( americans ? ), 
  do n't get it . 
  prague is the capital city of the czech republic , not hungary , the capital of which is budapest . 
  sounds about right . 
  although i would never have though munich was a big it hub , and i live there . 
  and china will rule the world before long . 
  gema , nothing but a sneering cohort of lawyers doing very well at filling their pockets with music industry money . 
  off with their heads !, 
  what you say seems sensible . 
  my only issue would be that as a result of this highly strung sense of political extremism germany has some pretty extreme groups on both the left and the right which , as i am sure you know , are growing in size in some parts of the country . 
  these groups , i think , are in part an expression of resentment at the national burden germany tries to carry . 
  the main thing i object to , though , is how german children are taught about germany 's military and social history . 
  from what i have heard from many germans , throughout the course of their basic education children are repeatedly taught about the atrocities committed by the nazis , with everything framed as `` we did this '' or `` we did that '' . 
  this is tantamount to installing a sense of ` original sin ' in german culture and while there may be some benefits along the lines you mention , i think there is also the possibility of some very negative consequences , both for germany as a whole , and for its international partners . 
  most of russian is n't in europe . 
  this is only from my experience and so is a limited perception . 
  i think it is true that people are a bit less jovial and friendly to one another on the street . 
  i do n't think this indicates animosity towards ` strangers ' , just that people do n't have much desire to engage in superficial conversation with people . 
  i just think germans have a strong sense of personal boundaries and do n't appreciate unnecessary interaction with other people . 
  this is of course only based on three years of living in munich , and clearly does n't represent all people ; my girlfriend is from berlin and it is certainly a bit different up there ( although not as much as berliners make out :p ) . 
  sorry , but we 'll have to agree to disagree  ww2 ended nearly 70 years ago . 
  most of the people alive in germany today had nothing to do with it , and even those that did were coerced into the war by massive economic decline , clever political manoeuvring which leveraged german nationalism ( something all nations went through at the time ) , and the weight of history ( ww1 ) . 
  remember ww2 by all means , but do n't feel guilty about it . 
  you were n't there ( or maybe you were ) . 
  i want to be able to walk into a little b\u00e4ckerei , buy a cappuccino and a schocobrot , and pay on card . 
  case in point , all three gyms ... . . 
  but seriously , munich is germany 's third city . 
  in munich there are but two places you can play squash , neither of them central , the same goes for badminton and tennis . 
  the gyms are expensive ( with the exception of mcfit ) and in terrible locations . 
  my only basis for comparison in this case though is the uk , which is in hindsight amazing for the availability of sports facilities . 
  i live in munich , germany . 
  i come from the uk . 
  - war guilt defines german culture to a certain extent , and it should n't . 
  - there is an unspoken social code in germany far stronger than any i have encountered in any other country . 
  it puts british politeness to shame but often limits spontaneous interaction with strangers . 
  - social change in germany comes very very slowly . 
  i think this is largely to do with germans having a very strong sense of self-reliance . 
  if you make a mistake it is your fault , no argument , or sympathy . 
  - germany has a largely cash based society ( which is frustrating ) . 
  - customer service is worse in germany than in any other country i have lived / visited . 
  this includes the likes of restaurants , banks , and telecoms companies . 
  - no one really plays sport in germany ( except football ) . 
  germans however , do spend a lot of time outside , walking / skiing around . 
  - german is a very cool language to speak , but very hard to learn . 
  - german beer is high quality , but boring . 
  belgium wins hands down and british beer is far more interesting ( stout , porter , ales , ipa ) . 
  - german bureaucracy works well but is amazingly inefficient ; administrators stick . 
  the . 
  rules . 
  and are incapable of using their brains in exceptional cases . 
  oh , and they only work for 2 and a half hours per day between 6.38 am and 9.08 am . 
  only ? 
  worst ` so you want to visit ... ' yet . 
  the election was not at all dominated by the eu in/out referendum so i do n't agree that was a major factor in people 's decisions . 
  besides all the major parties support the referendum anyway ( because they would n't dare otherwise now ) so what choice do most people have unless they want to protest vote . 
  almost every one of your responses just reasserts that what is important is that people get to exercise their democratic right . 
  but this blind deference to democracy is precisely what i 'm criticising . 
  democracy is not ideal as you seem to think it is . 
  i do n't believe that we should just put every issue to a vote regardless of the possible consequences just so we can claim we are democratic . 
  we are not socially advanced enough to implement direct democracy . 
  we barely even have representative democracy as it is : the leaders we elect are often not supported by the majority . 
  the uk will not function better globally if it 's not affiliated with europe . 
  that is precisely why cameron wants to stay in the eu , because he knows this to be true . 
  people do share a common identity , human . 
  granted that is pretty ideological , but we need ideology now , people are so disinterested , and politicians so weak . 
  we need to think big , not small , and isolating ourselves is a terrible idea at a time when the challenges facing us as a species require greater levels of cooperation than we have ever managed before . 
   did you think that scotland should not have had a referendum on independence ? 
  in one respect i think scotland should n't have had a referendum . 
  any focal point around which nationalist tendencies can coalesce is in my view a bad thing . 
  personally i would get rid of the nations of england , scotland , northern ireland , and wales , and call it all britain . 
  why do we need to belong to nations ? 
  most children take their nationality as part of their identity as they grow up , but all that serves to do is set us at odds with people of other nationalities . 
  regionalism is fine from a utilitarian perspective ( local decision making etc. 
  ) , but other than that it serves little purpose at the level of nations . 
  the scottish referendum may bring about some change in westminster , which is desperately needed , but it also might not . 
  there is a difference between general election and referendum . 
  general election is an opportunity for the electorate to express their political will ( except for most people in the uk it is n't , due to fptp ) in a broad stroke . 
  at the moment this makes sense because it leaves room for interpretation on the part of politicians who necessarily need flexibility , and also takes the pressure off the electorate to actually form a collectively cohesive opinion , which it would need to do in direct democracy . 
  referendum is only ever used as a political tool ( in the uk ) . 
  it is usually held on complex controversial issues , opinions on which are usually polarised and formed through emotion and ignorance rather than evidence and reason . 
   people should have the referendum because they want one . 
  you forget that we are talking about the running of a county in an increasingly globalising world . 
  i 'm not sure ` want ' is sufficient reason to hand over the decision making process to people ( myself included ) not well versed in international relations and economics , and whom have already exercised their democratic rights anyway . 
   we should not fear the electorate . 
  why not ? 
  humans are known to act more irrationally when in groups . 
  they are subject to the spin and propaganda fed to them by the press , and they are usually afraid of ` the other ' . 
  what is the case for a collective decision necessarily being the correct one ? 
  people do n't usually vote based on what they think will be best for the country ( even if they knew ) , they vote based on what they want for themselves . 
  how does that seem like a good process for deciding upon whether britain 's cultural and economic future is best served by leaving or remaining in the eu ? 
  to my mind the only way you can rightly maintain that referendum is right is if you blindly hold up the core - and largely unrealisable - tenets of democracy as being absolute and irrefutable , a la usa , which they demonstrably are not . 
  the same old tropes . 
  what exactly would ` the people ' be deciding on ? 
  the vast vast majority of people have no comprehension of what is at stake regarding the uk eu in out vote . 
  there are complex economic and social considerations that should be weighed when making such a decision , where as most people will just vote based on `` bloody french '' , or `` stupid brussels tells us how we should live our lives '' , and finally , xenophobia and the stupid island mentality which infects british thinking . 
  what that all adds up to is that people who vote in the referendum wo n't even be voting on the same issues as one another , or at least not the issues they should be voting on . 
  direct democracy should stop where stupidity begins , and voters can vote stupidly , as in the case of the swiss decision on immigration . 
  britain is a representative democracy , when we vote in general elections we cede our rights to political decision making to those we elect , and for good reason .
