the only bad thing about the finnish game industry is that it is heavily leaning on mobile developing . 
  yes , there is money in mobile games , but basing your entire models around in game purchases feels so risky . 
  we need more alan wake-like projects . 
  that game was aaa quality and very original . 
  games like gta ( big money project ) and minecraft ( indie ) show us that full purchase games , if done well , have a huge profit margin . 
  just my opinion . 
  it might very well be that mobile games are more profitable , but as some kind of gamer i only see casual playing-while-im-on-the-bus games a shaky foundation . 
  rovio is downsizing now because they over-employed when they were swimming in moeny . 
  as far as i know the vanishing middle class is not that common . 
  a possibility , yes , but the vast majority of humans are middle class in their respective countries . 
  i get confused when i only pay attention to lavish lifestyles or famine . 
  quick and clean in comparison to hunting for example which before the invention of high-powered rifles probably took even longer between an arrow hitting and the final killing blow . 
  if the animal gets hit but still keeps on running it 's not as quick and maybe not as clean . 
  if i remember correctly ( i learned all this from a food show ) there were also other points like not showing the blade to the animal before the killing , or not killing the animal near other animals . 
  it 's certainly not modern but most religions have things like this that are going out the door . 
   i walked all the way from middle-east through several european countries because i really really like finnish ladies ' legs . 
  maybe it 's the sauna that makes their skin glow ... 
  halal is pretty vague nowadays since the point is to kill an animal cleanly and quickly . 
  most people or muslims do n't live in deserts anymore and animals can be killed in a way they basically feel 0 pain because they are knocked out . 
  every muslim i know and ask does n't care that much , they just do n't eat pork or drink booze . 
  this discussion is one i have seen thousands of times online when you switch feminism with muslim . 
  if people only understood that every rational person knows how to differentiate a `` radical '' feminist ( or anything for that matter ) to an ordinary one , * to a certain degree * . 
  it 's pretty clear that feminists that run campaigns on manspreading and feminists that run campaigns for equal treatment under law are two different groups . 
  i assume that even swedish is not good enough ? 
  for example a finn who speaks fluent swedish wo n't be able to get one of those `` norwegian required '' jobs ? 
  if you actually think about it , homeless people need medical + psychological help more than a roof . 
  i am willing to bet that most of our 8000 homeless people ( from which 50 % live in helsinki ) suffer from difficult problems like drugs , alcohol and mental illnesses . 
  i think they already say that in one of their newest videos . 
  us-led bombings are now `` crusades '' . 
  apparently someone stopping you from raping and murdering your fellow muslims is now a crusader . 
  most shocking thing i 've ever read about finnish people is that people who were displaced after ww2 in karelia were discriminated against . 
  if this is true it 's pretty amazing how far we 've come . 
  according to the video footage it kinda used to be, 
   assimilating you 've never seen photos of the `` whites only '' signs ? 
  are you aware that the civil rights movement was pretty much about wanting to become assimilated and not separated ? 
  i think either your school did n't teach you about this or you are completely misguided and yet talk as if there is a simple reason that grandkids of literal slaves who were still treated like their human rights were useless were `` problematic '' . 
   hurr durr i am a special snowflake i have a reason to live unlike you people so when you were not alive did you choose to be born as an imbecile unlike the rest of us ? 
  `` the things you do for love '', 
  air strikes fuel war further . 
  it is easy propaganda for jihadists . 
  limited air strikes and -- if any other force other than iraqis , syrians or kurds decides -- ground troops , is most likely the better way of dealing with things . 
  daesh is a successful cult . 
  here is an interesting read by an ex-cult member who became a mental health counselor and cult expert : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steven-hassan/isis-is-a-cult-that-uses-_b_6023890.html, 
  yes i too clearly remember the satirist saying they grew tired instead of scared . 
  it 's 2015 and people still get stuff like this wrong . 
  i hope actual newspaper companies never go out of business because i believe they have better factcheckers than this publication apparently has . 
   charlie hebdo 's french cartoonist luz , who drew the cover picture of the prophet muhammad after the deadly attack on the satirical weekly in january , has said he will no longer draw the prophet . 
  `` he no longer interests me , '' luz told les inrockuptibles in an interview published on its website on wednesday . 
  `` i 've got tired of it , just as i got tired of drawing sarkozy . 
  i 'm not going to spend my life drawing them . '', 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/04/charlie-hebdo-luz-stop-drawing-muhammad-cartoons-150429203627155.html --  `` the terrorists did not win , '' luz told les inrockuptibles , according to afp . 
  `` they will have won if the whole of france continues to be scared . '' http://www.ibtimes.com/charlie-hebdo-attack-update-cartoonist-luz-stop-drawing-prophet-muhammad-1901756, 
  what in the world ? 
  is n't what ragnar_ok said nearly 100 % what a satirist at hebdo said ? 
  i remember the days after the article ** many ** publications did * the reddit * and only read the title and not the article , which clearly quoted a satirist saying they grew tired of drawing muhammad so much . 
  off topic : finally a map that differentiates between somalia aka `` italian somalia '' and somaliland aka `` british somaliland '' . 
  the latter has remained peaceful for over 20 years . 
  it 's an unrecognized country of some 3,5 million people which has a weak economy possibly because they ca n't get rid of the warzone image . 
  i honestly believe that recognizing it will be more beneficent than any foreign aid . 
  it already has good geographical location as the middle man between the persian gulf , suez and south asia . 
  a foreign power invading my country is already making my life worse . 
  women already showed during ww2 that they can take over places left empty by men going to war . 
  it 's a deterrent . 
  plain and simple . 
  you want to attack us ? 
  well , every single one of our able-bodied men has had extensive arms and military training . 
  if you want war , it 's going to be long and difficult to win . 
  when you have an unpredictable superpower as your neighbor , compulsory military service is there so that there will be no wars to fight . 
  this is my personal opinion . 
  i do n't believe that if the military was to disappear , russia would attack immediately . 
  i believe that it serves it 's purpose by keeping an invasion out of question . 
  some think this is a bad move . 
  mostly finnish people since they paid a lot more for navteq and nokia 's communications sector is proving that not all the money is to be found in smartphones . 
  the moo 's of war are approaching, 
  so these idiots decide to bring with them the reason they have to be refugess in the first place . 
  if you create or upkeep a divide that ruined your country then you are a fool who does n't wish for peace . 
  comedians like a challenge . 
  you do n't get funny doing the same exact joke again and again . 
  sometimes it makes me sad that everyone 's voice is heard . 
  the one top gear raced in ? 
  you assume someone who has to rob is smart . 
  well finns do n't like it when democratically ( ? ), 
  elected people make it harder for everyone . 
  we already like to blame voters of party x for getting a fool into a place of power !, 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  it cleared up and taught me new things i had no idea about . 
  no that explained a lot !, 
  i read it all . 
  after reading this you might be correct that it is n't that much different from finland and the seedish population . 
  so does this show itself almost like racism except it 's based on language ? 
  are the flemish vs french speakers divided by pure chance or is there national background that drives the flemish to interact with the flemish ? 
  are dutch speakers just belgians who speak dutch or do they consider themselves belgians with a dutch background , and vice versa ? 
  in finland the `` fennoswedes '' kind of have different heritage and names but it does n't feel like it goes much beyond that . 
  it does n't come close to racial divide . 
  sorry if this is hard to read . 
  please ask for further explanations if something sounds like gibberish !, 
   refused to hire non-whites i 've always wondered if this is a case of `` i ca n't be bothered to stand his/her bad grammar '' or is it just plain dislike . 
  even my country has had many experiments where a native finnish person , a russian person and an african person apply with the identical cv . 
  finnish people got the job very often even though both the russian and the african person spoke good finnish . 
  hit-and-downvote .
