  the worst kind . 
  is it hard to learn both languages ? 
  finland has compulsory swedish and in my experience only around 20 % of people can hold a conversation in swedish . 
  is there no compulsion or is there no motivation ? 
  in finland there are n't * that * many workplaces that depend on beind proficent in swedish , so there is no motiovation really . 
  i bet their propaganda videos are proving to be a double-edged sword . 
  no one watches the videos about how cool life must be in the cities controlled by isis and jihadists . 
  it 's all ak-47s and executions . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  is prostitution not legalised in other nordics ? 
  in finland i believe it is decriminalized but pimping is illegal iirc . 
  as long as you pay your taxes it 's fine . 
  i remember a news editorial about the only prostitute in finland who has her only income from prostitution . 
  she pays taxes and everything . 
  she is the only person who declares it in the job registry/employment agency . 
  people love to struggle for a cause they believe is right . 
  war is hell for civilians , but for military members it is something ... different . 
  watch a ton of movies or ask former military members what the friendship and comradery in the army is like . 
  the hatred between the swedish and the finnish single-handedly keeps the furnaces of hell running at full power . 
  but when the international hockey season ends i guess they are ok . 
  the headline is a bit misleading . 
  in the article it states that city govt buildings have this free wifi for their surroundings . 
  where there are n't city govt buildings there is no govt free wifi . 
  as the article says , this is one good thig about having big local governments . 
  the biggest drawback , and one of the biggest debates in the country , is the lack of optimization that comes with such huge local governments . 
  chechens nonetheless . 
  the first time i saw videos of chechens in syria i was baffled . 
  yes but if i read right this was n't thanks to mass surveillance but targeted surveillance . 
  they followed some guy who got wounded fighting in syria . 
  most if not all european countries ' intelligence follows these people the moment they arrive . 
  pretty much everyone agrees targeted surveillance is important and should continue . 
  it 's the non-discriminate record-keeping people are against . 
  treating everyone as guilty criminals instead of only surveilling if the authorities have probable cause . 
  reading comprehension ? 
  `` will '' * evil nauru *, 
  i 've heard of people asking their * who * they are with at the mosques . 
  most religious people would be glad that their kids are close to religion but people are taking the recent issue of radicalization seriously , even in helsinki . 
  please post source, 
  i must be wrong then . 
  i have watched combat footage from libya and i assumed that civilians were being killed too . 
  i guess it 's a good thing i am wrong !, 
  thanks . 
  what has caused the inequality between the north and the south ? 
  this is pretty sad . 
  like jumping from a burning building : several factions waging civil war in your country vs. the sea . 
  i wonder , how big a chapter the arab spring will be in the history of the 21st centrury ? 
  in all cases except maybe tunisia , it has been a case of * bad getting even worse * . 
  when people wonder what a social safety net is , this is a prime example . 
  the net should never be replaced by a cold hard prison floor . 
  good on you , portugal !, 
  one source i found was 40 000 which is close but not enough to the 1 % that is around 53 000 . 
  nooooooooooo, 
  i watched a tedtalk by a statistician who argued pretty well that some of those statistics might be falsified by not taking into account how wealthy areas might become . 
  i hope they took that into account . 
  helsinki is same . 
  too many finnish companies see getting bought as some big target to head towards . 
  nokia has its here maps system and like 5 huge companies and one group of companies want to buy it . 
  nokia invested around 5 and it is thinking of selling it for two . 
  people are upset it is even on sale because it looks like it has so much value ot should n't be tossed . 
  we were not talking about the one cameron talks about . 
   unemployment benefits not much of an unemployment benefit if you work 40 hours a week . 
  if you are a skilled person between jobs , why would you want to work for less than 5 euros an hour to get benefits you paid taxes for ? 
  i 'm gon na copypaste from my reply above :  a `` muslim '' is a part of both the islamic faith and the culture . 
  if you compared modern western christianity and modern islam and removed god from both of them , islam would have a lot more cultural stuff attached to it . 
  modern christianity has a lot less `` christian stuff '' compared to judaism and islam . 
  so in short if you leave islam completely it is leaving your culture and your religion , and not just not believing in god . 
  many traditions in islam are linked very strongly to god so for example , fasting would be kind of pointless . 
  i believe that most people just ca n't differentiate that science and religion are n't really two conflicting parties * in essence * . 
  there are lots of people who who are religious that have and still do oppose some science , but that does not mean that a religious person does n't agree with science . 
  i consider my parents very religious , yet they have never discouraged me from learning , and they never not taken me to a doctor because `` you do n't need science '' . 
  religions like islam or christiany ( these two because i know them the best ) to my knowledge do not inherently hinder scientific advancement . 
  the best example to the contrary are the people who oppose evolution based on divine creation . 
  while there are many who do not believe evolution does not solve the story of creation , they are a victim of misunderstanding . 
  maybe religions were left vague on purpose on the exact process of creation . 
  one thing is for certain for me : evolution does n't really prove god exists or does n't , rather how species evolved . 
  what i am trying to get at is that  religion certainly is n't the pinnacle of science now and has n't been for multiple centuries is a wrong statement in my opinion . 
  there can be scientist that are of x faith , but that does n't make them x-scientists , it makes them scientists that have a personal faith of x. 
  it does n't help that most ex-muslims in the spotlight are the ones that actively fight it . 
  for example ayaan hirsi ali has become famous as a speaker against islam , but if you want to look her up she states that  the religion of islam had to be `` defeated '' , and regards its followers as `` enemies '' that need to be `` crushed '' before `` peace '' can be achieved which is pretty hard to get behind if you just do n't believe in god anymore , but do n't want to erase your culture from the world . 
  as another user up top mentioned that he had a problem with / r/exmuslim because many there are in the anger phase in which they hate everything islam . 
  the people in that article seemed quite reasonable and `` moderate '' in their `` ex-muslim '' . 
  we need more of those people to create a safety net . 
  combined with the fact that a `` muslim '' is a part of both the islamic faith and the culture . 
  if you compared modern western christianity and modern islam and removed god from both of them , islam would have a lot more cultural stuff attached to it . 
  modern christianity has a lot less `` christian stuff '' compared to judaism and islam . 
  so in short if you leave islam completely it is leaving your culture and your religion . 
  `` you 're trying to distance yourself from neo-nazis ? 
  well i think i have a good support group for you . 
  you should head over to this site called www.reddit.com/r/worldnews . '', 
  the discussion about religious attire for example the hijab is always clouded by the fact that there should always be a chance for choice . 
  there are people who legitimately want to wear their hijabs without the pressure of being required to look modest just like there are people who want to wear miniskirts without the pressure of being required to look `` sexy '' . 
  with the hijab it is a mix of both religious views and beauty standards . 
  with a miniskirt it is probably just beauty standards that might `` force '' you to wear them . 
  muslims should be encouraged to respect the choices of others but because it is a homogenous society many feel that it is their business to police and they discourage people to interact with non-devouts because they fear their kids might become the same . 
  \\  uses meme arrows, 
  i think that the biggest advantage to many new world countries is that in the us , canada and australia they speak english , which is very easy to learn compared to languages like finnish . 
  mastering the language is half the battle of immigrating . 
  the second half is embracing your immigrant status and trying to become a good citizen in general . 
  if an immigrant distances him/herself or is distanced from the main population the immigrant will close him self off a bit from said population . 
  so it is a two-sided effort : if you want/want to be a good immigrant , then be welcoming to the immigrant and to the main population .
