  but , lots of people romaticize things they like or would like to do . 
   this is n't a modern coming of age ceremony , and it does n't need to be . 
  as a matter of fact , such a ceremony does n't even need to exist . 
  i disagree . 
  too many people like me do n't * become * adults . 
  societies used to have ( some still do ) ceremonies for people who turned a certain age and they made the transition into adulthood . 
  nowadays many westerners just feel imposter syndrome over being an adult and think that having a big house and a nice car ( and the debt that made both possible ) are a sign of adulthood . 
  it 's hard to feel like an adult when you are 18 because many finns are still in school , live with their parents , have no jobs or job experience and so on . 
  yes , studying at a big university might make you feel like an adult but you are still living on government assistance or parent 's money . 
  when you get your diploma you still might not have a job , you might have to move back in with your parents , and you are thinking `` how the hell am i an adult when i do n't make x $ and have my own place , a girl/boyfriend etc. . . '' . 
  this is purely my opinion , but coming of age ceremonies are better than no coming of age ceremonies . 
  it wo n't solve the problems i brought up just now , but i hope they at least wo n't feel like they are helpless and infantile . 
  like someone else said above , it 's archaic and scary if you country has `` special interest '' countries . 
  i would not have wanted to go and die for iraq as a uk soldier . 
  defending my own country though ? 
  a whole other story . 
  if your country is not bound by many defense treaties it is easy to be a conscript . 
  i think finland is forbidden by our constitution to fight offensive wars . 
  hence the name defense forces . 
  europe does use too much resources compared to poorer countries though . 
  the richer you are the more resources you use . 
  there are bad combos like china where there are a lot of people and a lot of resources that pollute a lot . 
  in general though , i believe that if 20 % of the wealthiest countries were to disappear we would stall climate change and pollution . 
  it 's not clich\u00e9 . 
  there are n't many big * coming of age * ceremonies left in the world . 
  so many young people nowadays are just thrown into adulthood and they never feel like they became adults . 
  conscription , for both men and women , since both can benefit from it so much , can easily be a good modern coming of age ceremony for a country 's young adults . 
  nowadays when we think of coming of age we just think voting and drugs . 
  voting and drugs barely build character . 
  conscription and the lessons and values that surround it are a great way to teach national defense , unity and survival . 
  the confidence that gets built by forcing someone to freeze their ass off in the woods with no electricity , internet ... just your service weapon , your friends and clothes that never seem to be warm enough . 
  i got denied because of a health issue which has gotten a lot better . 
  i 'm burning with desire to go through the experience just so it can make me tougher . 
  what i was talking about was general comments about most things . 
  there are a lot of topics that always get shit comments , and for some stupid reason most immigration/refugee comment sections are pure shit . 
  very few people can talk about it without bringing in rumors , slurs , hate speech , defamation etc. 
  maybe , yeah . 
  it 's a close one . 
  sad ? 
  well we have different opinions then . 
  and the removal of comments is pretty universal . 
  whenever there is a crime that has not yet veen investigated or other news where there is personal info concerned they just do n't enable comments . 
  no one or nothing is stopping you from discussing the news on other websites ( reddit , facebook etc. ) . 
  again , this is general and not about refugees or immigrants . 
  the paper has every right to do this , whether you think it 's censorship ( it is n't ) or not . 
  they pay for the code , the reporters and the moderators . 
  unless you pay money for seeing the comments then you are not being censored . 
  things like hate speech and defamation and inciting to violence are real crimes even online . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  if you enable free commenting without rules , people will be assholes . 
  if they limit it , people will complain about censorship . 
  if they remove it , people will complain about censorship . 
  i would add to your comment that many former colonies are like industrial cities . 
  when an industry dies down the city loses a lot of money and the population almost vanishes . 
  now think of an industrial city as an entire country . 
  it will take a lot of good leadership and education to start looking for alternate sources of money . 
  how about the fact that nearly every neighbouring country is just as in shambles as you are . 
  your country used to have a `` big brother '' who always traded with you but now every country you are surrounded by has a poor economy and trade is not looking good . 
  my basic knowledge of economics says growth largely comes from outside money coming to your economy . 
  the quality of discussion is often too poor to begin with . 
  very few newspapers in my country are safe from worse-than-youtube one-liners and comments without real purpose . 
  so few people bother to post well thought out and argued responses that i honestly do n't miss them . 
  i much prefer using reddit where we talk about the article and people who contribute nothing get downvoted . 
  internet discussion is shite . 
  especially on youtube/newspapers . 
  here in finland the local right wing party most known for it 's anti-immigration policies , perussuomalaiset , released a list of names . 
  they got on the list for `` encouraging ridicule and hate speech against our party '' . 
  the mentioned ridicule happened after one `` perussuomalaiset '' party member posted what many thought was a * breivik-y * passage about a `` one true finnish nation '' . 
  they got so pissed at people ridiculing their party they actually released a list of around 13 names , many if not all of them who were in politics and/or parliament . 
  the horseshoe theory is solidifying more and more ... 
  hmm ... 
  i would argue that an economic migrant would stick through it since he or she values money much more than fitting in and integrating . 
  just a thought . 
  this obviously does n't apply to everyone . 
  in my opinion this ban could be replaced far better by recruiting more intelligence and security personnel , and investing in cross-intelligence service co-operation . 
  vote too left , get laughed at vote too right , get yelled at, 
  #edit : the piece was edited to reflect that president niinist\u00f6 did not mediate messages between presidents erdogan and putin after , but before the russian plane was shot down in november . 
  tell your bank account `` i love you '' . 
  honestly though avoiding hip and trendy looking places will shave like 20 % off the cost immediately . 
  you are a moron . 
  sauna is way more fun than wife beating . 
  after 5 minutes of listening to gta v chatter i might have cops on my door . 
  * shoot at the cops !, 
  kill them all !, 
   and russia was never a threat for turkey you do n't wait for them to come over . 
  the pilot of the aircraft is a professional pilot , not some single engine amateur flyer . 
  they know what borders are and what happens if you cross them . 
  i am from finland and they regularly provoke our air force . 
  russia deserves this . 
  you ca n't fly jets that are in active combat and armed to non-ally countries . 
  i hope the pamphlets they drop make it safer for civilians . 
  yes but the spanish or portuguese might be loud becauase they know a small minority of people understand what they are saying . 
  germans are fluent in english , so americans might not want to raise their voice , much like germans themselves . 
  the ways people secure their communication for good uses is the same way people can use it for bad things . 
  the ways people secure their communication for good uses is the same way people can use it for bad things . 
  it could have been a diversion like what norway 's killer did . 
  attack a big target and go for a smaller one . 
  maybe americans are used to the big population . 
  in smaller european countries people fear `` the word getting around '' more . 
  could be the reason some people say americans talk loud : you really do n't care when everyone speaks your language and there are thousands of people within 100 meters of you .
