  from what i recall you can influence the decision based on travel and special studying differences ( for example , swedish schools ) . 
  this all probably changes when you go to rural areas !, 
  i imagine there are n't a lot of schools that you can choose from . 
  you have a good point but that point you are making makes arguing about anything futile in my opinion . 
  if what you are saying is true then he just did nothing else than state his opinion out loud . 
  he did n't argue it any further . 
  i might be moving the goalposts here . 
   it depends on his opinion on what marriage is supposed to be , what your opinions are on the matter is n't some universal truth you know . 
  it is not about the topic of the argument i was pointing out . 
  it was the way he defended his position which was laughable . 
  i do n't judge politicians by `` how much they agree with me '' but by how they argue their stance . 
  if you ca n't argue your stance in the parliament of a democratic country as a member of said parliament of all places then i think you are not a good politician . 
  if you use 7th grader argumentation then you are not a good politician in my eyes . 
   if marriage is supposed to be according to him a state between a man and a woman , then there can literally not exist gay marriage and his statement is completely reasonable . 
  i heard many good arguments against the equal marriage law ( for example that the state should only register two people as married and that 's it , they should leave all the rest to the church the couple are members of , or that this law will force pastors to marry people they do n't agree with and be labeled as discriminating people ) and mr. hakkarainen 's argument was by far one of the worst if not * the * worst . 
  i do not know if you are finnish or not but finland passed same sex `` marriage '' in 2002 but this was called a civil union and it lacked rights heterosexual marriages had : inheritance and adoption for example . 
  this law just finalized and made ( will make in 2017 iirc ) civil unions just ordinary marriages instead of marriage lite . 
  no it 's about a man who 's argument against gay marriage was `` you ca n't make a law that makes the sun rise from the west '' and so you should n't pass a law that allows equal marriage laws to homosexual couples . 
  that is literally 7th grade argumentation and you are running a country , not some online chat room . 
  he is acting like kimi inside his head . 
  `` brrrmmmmmm brmmmm '', 
  managed to defend itself from italy ( with help from italy 's competitors ) and people backed off : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_italo-ethiopian_war, 
  i would have added `` now i am a soldier , so that others can be what they want '' , because that 's what protecting freedom is about . 
  this is true . 
  not everyone who leaves for syria actually went to fight . 
  it is only logical . 
  yea that 's why i said what i said . 
  have n't seen it used so much so it does n't have credibility . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory i admit i should n't really use this in a convo , because i can only speak 2 or 3 sentences about this `` theory '' . 
  the day they do n't they stop getting soldiers . 
  one of the ways to make people do this kind of shit is to start them young . 
  i bet most of the people leading isis and other terror groups were born into jihadism ( like afghans vs. soviets , israel vs. the arabs ) . 
  really fucking sick . 
  i remember people buying beers by the pairs at 7 am . 
  i was at the bar getting coffee , and apparently some people prefer long drinks for waking up . 
  i wonder of the flight has decreased after people * really * found out how they were carrying out this vision of an islamic state . 
  during it 's time of declararion it really looked attractive to people . 
  they advertised it as some kind of sharia theme park . 
  now that more and more things come out i wonder how many moderate-leaning people still went ? 
  i think that the only group of people finns hate more than immigrants , refugees ... ** anything ** are the russian government . 
  some of that might be all those environmental attacks . 
  while they are extreme forms of protests , destroying and damaging property that belongs to companies accused of ruining the local environment must total to a large sum . 
  mmmm ... lax ... 
  aka `` the mujahideen approach '' . 
  that just means you ca n't let loose without it . 
  i can dance for hours without any alcohol in my system . 
  my friends just bring me down because they are acting too self consciuous . 
  you are free to call them idiots . 
  it is short-sighted though . 
  calling someone and idiot is dismissing the reason why they are acting like * idiots * . 
  i could call a woman who ca n't leave her violent boyfriend an idiot , but then i would have no idea why that woman is acting irrationally and pretty much self-destructively by staying with him . 
  it 's a cult , man . 
  it 's both sad and scary at the same time . 
  i 'm not equating the two , but scientology is one of the few organizations that know mind control extremely well . 
  there are certain methods that cults use , naturally or learned , that help people make irrational decisions . 
  like i said to a commenter above , somewhat good examples are pyramid schemes ( multi-level marketing ) or even abusive relationships . 
  how many times have you heard of people falling for pyramid schemes ? 
  or unable to get out of abusive relationships ? 
  some people know damn well , again -- by learning or just naturally , how to make people make completely irrational decisions . 
  i watched an interview about cults , and the guest was a cult expert . 
  one of the things that stuck with me was that you should not call people who are victims of cults `` idiots '' . 
  people who are lured by cults are not thinking rationally anyway . 
  the easiest way to see this is by going to a pyramid scheme event or talking to someone who is a member of one . 
  they are irrational even in the face of pretty compelling evidence . 
  i 'm not excusing her behavior . 
  it 's just that isis recruitment is a lot like ( or is exactly like ) cult recruitment , which is extremely efficient at making people comply and disregard common sense . 
  i clearly remember reading an article where they said that it was n't funny anymore . 
  i remember it because it was posted here and people misinterpreted the article 's title without reading what they actually said . 
  this is probably the same person , who when charlie hebdo themselves said `` we kept beating the dead horse , we'er not doing muhammad comics for a while '' , got riled up and thought ch were giving up . 
  this guy must live in an alternate europe if he thinks that most people `` failed '' their so called test . 
  many countries of the west are inherently liberal compared to the majority of the world . 
  what this person generalizes europe with is the very left of the already left-wing people . 
  i guess he scored a point since i read his article , though . 
  contrary to popular belief , not all whites , asians , africans , etc. 
  look all the same . 
  if conscription is not your thing i did mentioned the possibility of using other kinds of trials . 
  conscription is just the easiest one ( and i 'm biased since i 'm from finland ) since lots of countries have a military and * just a camping trip * would probably not be enough so that young people would take the trial seriously . 
  if a camping trip teaches you how to maneuver towards defensive positions where you will meet an enemy , that would make the trial a lot more . 
   then conscription would only serve to make an illusion that you 're a `` proper adult '' , after completing it . 
  that 's you opinion . 
  however i think that only people who are ready for adulthood and adult responsibilities should be able to know how to kill or capture a person , which the army teaches . 
  because school is about getting knowledgeand getting a diploma showing that you have the said knowledge . 
  as i said it might not work for everyone as you have been going to school for 11 years and gotten at least 3 diplomas . 
  the only bodily exertion getting a diploma needs is staying awake and trying to finish essays before a deadline . 
  going through military training is about both the body and the mind . 
  if and when you complete it you are part of the people who are ready to defend all your rights and your countrymen . 
  if you 've seen any coming of age rituals from peoples all around the world it 's a combination of overcoming barriers in your head that would never be tested in a comfy life . 
  once you show that you can complete the task and show that you have grown , you are celebrated as a new man/woman . 
  conscription is the easiest one to do in a modern society imo but it can be non-military and all about survival . 
  i ca n't / do n't have time to explain this in many other ways . 
  if you do n't agree then it 's fine , we just have different opinions . 
  that stuff in the military is designed to train you to sit in the cold trenches without losing your mind . 
  war is a lot of sitting and waiting and a lot of fearing for your life . 
  any mental toughness thatyour life and training has given you will be useful . 
  it most likely is n't . 
  the mundane , repetetive and annoying stuff is something that builds you up , whether it is in the military or not . 
  that 's just my opinion though . 
   you 're romanticizing conscription . 
  i very much am in my opinion . 
  half of me is telling me to just stay home .
