  while i am sure they are out there , i have never met or heard of anyone with that last name . 
  so you do n't have to put the beer down . 
  and the language would be called austrian , not german . 
  `` austrian is spoken in austria , and also in germany and switzerland ... '', 
  thanks . 
  that was swede of you . 
  i often choose the difficult roads in life , because i prefer accuracy over ease . 
  ultimately , this has not worked out well . 
  no matter one 's correctness or intent , going against the grain of society is a losing game . 
  yeah , it makes sense to me too . 
  i now call it netherland . 
  on a similar note , i 've encountered some consensus among dutch that prefer to call their own country netherland , instead of the netherlands . 
  its a problem to have only 5 euros , but / u/lenzmoserhangover presumably has a job , home , clothing , food , and healthcare . 
  i think this qualifies as a first-world problem . 
  duck is also kinda pricey here . 
  there is n't much demand , so supply is low , so the price is high , which make for less demand ... 
  no matter where anyone of any country-of-origin , culture , ethnicity , etc. 
  wants to go , there are always people giving reasons not to go . 
  most of the time , this advice is based on stereotypes , rumors , and attention-grabbing media . 
  there are very few countries or cities on this planet that i would recommend anyone avoid . 
  we need that here . 
   just remember everyone having sex around year 10 more likely that you remember people * saying * they had sex . 
  que ? 
  name your son steinbjornthor . 
  dick . 
  dick . 
  pants in the socks ? 
  i do n't like chit-chat or small-talk , but if i have something useful to say or a question to ask , i do n't hesitate . 
  sounds like deep divisions in society ; people going around guarding themselves from each other . 
  how do most welsh feel about being british or not british ? 
  if no one ever asks about it , how do you form the social circles with similar-thinking people ? 
  what if they work in a mint , actually making money ? 
  when on an escalator , i like to hold my arms up and yell , wheeeeeeeew ! '', 
  friendly fyi , * symbolic , 
  need a wingman ? 
  take the cake . 
  i hate silent letters . 
  are you a wisenheimer ? 
  what did i do ? 
  is that a rhetorical question ? 
  not an answer to your question , but you may find this interesting . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/freehans/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_island, 
  sex toy ? 
  as the video points out , there are several countries whole official name includes , `` united states '' . 
  a statian could be from any of them . 
  the `` we '' in my statement is the collective of humanity , not any certain group . 
  we humans created measures , for ourselves . 
  lol nice correction . 
  * piece , 
  i agree . 
  i hate that linguistic situation , but without an official renaming of the country , i do n't see a good fix . 
  denmark it on the map . 
  much better . 
  by the same token , all units of measure are arbitrary . 
  we made them all up . 
  water freezes at whatever temperature we say it freezes at , a meter is however long we want it to be , a ton is as heavy as we decide it to be . 
  haha . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  thems british werds . 
  getem outta here . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i prefer queues over gagglefucks . 
  brits are the ones starting an unnecessary queue . 
  and by the fact that they are 2 meters tall ? 
  i saw this earlier . 
  i do not know if this was the beginning of it all . 
  dance dance revolution ? 
  wow . 
  i just looked that up . 
  it really is an eyesore compared to the old architecture . 
  lol can i safely assume that 182.88 cm is 10 feet ? 
  update : hmm . 
  its only 6 feet . 
  `` ow , my eye ! '', 
  relevant/not-relevant . 
  lol someone actually downvoted your comment . 
  o.o * watches to see if everyone picks their own native language . 
  * norwayyourcorrectionisbetterthanmine, 
  wow . 
  that answer is so not fun . 
  are you sure your father is n't german ? 
   my french friend is pro trump , anti france . 
  what do i make of this ? 
  tl ; dr why do you have to make something of it ? 
  breaking news : not every person that disagrees with you is your enemy . 
  can we make an faq for this subreddit ? 
  nobody is saying you * should * use any language ( s ) . 
  nobody cares what language ( s ) you use . 
  op just asked out of curiosity . 
  whoa , calm down . 
  why such hostility ? 
  plus , your comment history says otherwise . 
  yeah , i knew you were joking . 
  we americans use a ** lot ** of sarcasm . 
  lol i have never heard that before . 
  thanks . 
  where are you from ? 
  does this sub have flair for your country ? 
  * germancompoundword, 
  shit !,
