haha . 
  nice . 
  by the end of this century , the whole planet will be under 24/7 video and audio surveillance . 
  arts are an important part of life . 
  movies , though different than what some would argue are higher forms of art , play a big part in people 's lives . 
  millions of europeans are star wars fans . 
  people grow up with those characters . 
  its part of their childhood . 
  carrie fisher has been a prominent figure in the movie landscape for 40 years . 
  her death is at the very least important to the general interest of the those people that enjoy performing arts , if not personally important to untold numbers of fans around the world . 
  so yeah , this post is `` on-topic '' . 
  why you remove the post ? 
  wait , if its removed , how am i seeing it ? 
  shut it . 
  poor pollen . 
  you are a bad person . 
  i do not like you . 
  lol before i checked the sub , the thumbnail and title made me thing this was some new part of [ euro truck simulator 2 ] ( http://www.eurotrucksimulator2.com/ ) . 
  good idea to list only the ones that are different . 
  `` he was already known to police in bulgaria for ... hooliganism ... '' til a new word . 
  fvooomp, 
  check out all that post karma !, 
  * every government ever, 
  it got me because it was totally unexpected . 
  i mean , its just a silly kids ' movie and then ... smack !, 
  right in the feels . 
  wow , / u/murimari . 
  i bet you did n't expect this post to have so much activity , huh ? 
  i think my friend is depressed all the time . 
  i worry about her . 
  did someone claim they sauna one ? 
  change server, 
  well i do n't know much about music . 
  i do n't know much about history . 
  but i do know that song . 
  and i know that if you knew it too , you would have gotten the reference . 
  i could n't do that . 
  the glare from the sun hurts my eyes . 
  cool . 
  what insect is that from ? 
  its a reference to a song . 
  you said you do n't know about biology ... 
  wonderful world ( sam cooke ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wonderful_world_ ( sam_cooke_song ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4glakeju4w, 
  what about a science book ? 
  or about the french you took ? 
  kiitos , but can you be more specific ? 
  what kind of trees are those ? 
  what kind of trees are those ? 
  damn that story for making me cry . 
  is it safe for horses ' legs to plunge into water like that ? 
  i stand by my assessment . 
  toilet . 
  i ca n't speak czech , but i know comedy and that was not funny . 
  there was no punchline . 
  agreed . 
  all europeans can . 
  they just pretend like they ca n't to avoid interactions when americans are around . 
  nice . 
  reminds me of hans island , that i just learned about a few days ago . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/freehans/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hans_island, 
  so they adopted a new language . 
  that does n't mean changing one 's name . 
  i 've always assumed the francs were a germanic tribe from [ franconia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franconia ) . 
  bello . 
  and now he 'll have a bunch of new relatives . 
  i admit , i did not read it to the end . 
  eh , not a big deal . 
  if getting married and having kids at 16 works for their culture , then so be it . 
  throughout history , marriage has been as much about safety and security as it has been about love . 
  only in these late times have so many come to imagine that marriage is reserved for soulmates and perfect love . 
  guess what , half of those people with such ideas end up getting divorced . 
  there is no magic formula for deciding what other people should do with their lives . 
  also , why has most of the world clung to this magical number of 18 ? 
  as if being 18 makes a person exponentially wiser than being 17 . 
  eighteen-year-olds are still kids , as are 20-year-olds . 
  if we really want people to be adults and get off to a good start in life , we 'd raise the legal-adult age to like 25 . 
  edit : i know this seems like i am arguing in two directions , but i am not . 
  my point is that in order to truly do what people claim they want to do , we should increase legal ages . 
  however , i believe that ideal is not actually possible , so we should be less intrusive on others . 
  but i 've already seen reports of protesting ... 
  alles gut . 
  i 've been saying cote d'ivore since i took a geography class in college . 
  ( my keyboard does n't have keys for those special characters and accent marks and i ca n't remember the alt-codes for them . ), 
  its a joke ... because of the question you pointed out ... 
  i asked an equally-ridiculous question ... get it ? 
  '' i 'm sure that in 1985 , plutonium is available in every corner drugstore , but in 1955 , it 's a little hard to come by . '', 
  did you make a comment on this thread ? 
  i 'll do this from now on , even though it will be technically incorrect in english . 
  i do n't drink alcohol . 
  can i still visit ? 
  * begins twitching *, 
  lol * your, 
  500 + comments and 17 hours since posting , so nobody will see this , but given the subject , i feel compelled to address this ... its `` english-speakers '' , not `` english speakers '' . 
  an english speaker is a person from england that speaks or is speaking . 
  an english-speaker is a speaker of english . 
  the use of proper grammar has declined exponentially in this age of social media and rapid communication . 
  even native english-speakers often fail to hyphenate correctly . 
  i find it difficult to determine the ratio of people doing it out of ignorance versus the ones doing it out of a lack of caring about correctness . 
  do you ever go to r/travel ? 
  iceland is mentioned in 99 % of the posts .
