i 've never made the trip to ireland from the uk but i ca n't imagine saying `` exactly the same as the british '' and getting away without a beating in inner city dublin . 
  still i know quite a few irish people over here and you 're all great . 
  they have self governance , sure we can tell them there 's pressure but there 's no reason they should change it because the uk wants them to . 
  there 's probably pressure on the uk government but in general they can wash their hands of it . 
  we 're responsible for the defence and `` good governance '' of the overseas territories . 
  a lot of it 's just a compromise though . 
  if you look at the pitcairn islanders trial then you 'll see how the british government can wade in when something untoward happens . 
  but in general it 's all fully devolved to the overseas territories . 
  ironically if you go to gibraltar it feels just like the uk in a timewarp . 
  i believe that in hong kong as well still there 's a lot of pro british feeling . 
  i 'd say that 's about what you could get for # 215,000 in the north where i am , i 'd say . 
  yay not us !, 
  on the other hand kinda sad that they do n't think us good enough to be bombed :(, 
  i 'll have a german car and danish bacon any day of the week !, 
  bit disappointed there was no pipe or flask of tea but my god he was a good politician . 
  compare him to miliband or cameron now . 
  he gave up his place in the house of lords to continue in the house of commons . 
  he had conviction and was an excellent speaker . 
  i do n't agree with everything he said but i 'd rather have him than a spineless power hungry politician . 
  it 's not a bigger problem . 
  but cameron 's under pressure with it no doubt . 
  the attacks in tunisia put him under pressure . 
  as with other states families keep travelling to syria . 
  he 's under pressure from his party to sort it out . 
  similar to iraq in 2003 when blair was in power i see it as he 's under pressure to show that the uk can take a role in international events . 
  he seems to prioritise it above the eu . 
  his party are quite strange to be honest in my opinion . 
  this week they were going to have a vote on lifting restrictions on fox hunting despite the fact it 's not supported by most of the population and it 's one of the first acts of the new parliament . 
  they work in mysterious ways , but their attitude to europe is frankly weird . 
  i meant the greek administration . 
  sorry for the ambiguity . 
  no british media is generally pretty good in my opinion . 
  it 's unfair to say that they did n't have a part in it though , they expressed a preference that he played no further role . 
  i think that 's a cynical view to take . 
  perhaps in the short term yes . 
  but from the uk look at an example . 
  the liberals went into coalition and abandoned everything for the sake of compromise , they then got massively voted out paving the way for the nasty party to come in unchecked by the fair liberals . 
  they shot themselves in the foot . 
  would they compromise again ? 
  they did n't play the politics well and the people were unhappy so no more politics for them . 
  there 's massive problem there . 
  they lied with the help of goldman sachs to get into the euro . 
  but is n't that the problem ? 
  the integration in that sense is a bit of a sham if it takes this long to solve this problem which seems to have been going on for years . 
  if it all worked fine and it was all stable i would happily say integration is good but i just do n't see it at the moment . 
  the uk is having its issues ( i do n't want to leave but many do ) , france and germany seem to be quarrelling behind the scenes over hits , greece is n't playing by the rules . 
  according to our right wing press though from last november germany and france do n't always play by the rules - http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11207721/why-do-france-and-germany-keep-breaking-eu-rules.html, 
  it 's a fair point and the german people are happy . 
  but i ca n't imagine the greek people are particularly happy after they rejected the austerity and got it even harsher . 
  politics in my opinion is about trying to keep people happy and i think in that sense tsipras has failed , whether he did it for the good of the greek people or not . 
  at the moment it 's a situation of politicians not taking europe seriously . 
  they want to show themselves as being strong at prime minister 's questions every wednesday and we 've got internal issues to deal with , not to mention stuff like isil and the like . 
  our prime minister comes from a party which is divided between wanting britain being in the eu where it is in control and britain on its own coupled with a majority of about 6 i think . 
  if he goes too much either way between trying to take a big role in europe , thereby acknowledging that it 's here to stay and that it 's not going anywhere he annoys half his mps , if his does the other way he annoys not only europe but the other half . 
  he ca n't do much without upsetting the people he relies on the most . 
  that 's the problem though . 
  if the germans , french and greeks all want something and no one is willing to budge where does that leave european integration ? 
  i 'm not an economist . 
  i do n't know how to solve this whole crap out . 
  there are problems on both sides . 
  greece is corrupt inefficient and needs to shape up , germany is too hardline in my opinion , not as willing to compromise , even when they removed yaroufakis and his personal hardline attitudes completely . 
  i presume that would be suicide for her though politically . 
  just now on the bbc it 's described her as hardline . 
  in one way that gets her respect but it 's damaging for her view over here . 
  it reminds me of the quote `` if you can not be feared and loved it is better to be feared '' or however it goes , i think the uk is more on the fear side than the love side . 
  speaking with people over the last couple of days over , people are wondering if she 's in it for germany or for europe . 
  of course she 's in it for both . 
  a lot of it is the fact that we 've been very quiet over all of this and it 's creating an image in people 's mind that she 's in charge of europe . 
  it worries people to be honest . 
  of course we have that as well , i saw the heute-show broadcast about the brexit where they showed a clip of cameron saying `` i think it 's right that we cherry pick the best bits from the eu '' , he 's a bit of a dick in my opinion but he 's got a mandate to say stuff like that . 
  how 's the opinion over in germany about angela merkel 's handling of the crisis ? 
  over in the uk i think her reputation has been damaged . 
  personally i respect her in many ways but i think she 's gone too far this time in terms of cracking the whip . 
  they probably would n't have won that way either i admit . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with all of what he said but he fought for as long as he was allowed for what he believed was the best deal . 
  it 's not as though he was a blind donkey rushing in to greece , he 'd been an economist for a long time . 
  i doubt there was a perfect solution for everyone , but this solution puts a bad taste in my mouth . 
  feels anti-democratic , when they rejected it in their referendum and it happens anyway and the fact that france seems to `` have been taught a lesson '' by merkel . 
  oh good another proxy war like vietnam . 
  that 's all ukraine needs for stability . 
  i admit there is n't much other choice but this really does make it feel like a second/third cold war . 
  i like varoufakis . 
  as much as he annoyed everyone , you 've got to admire his determination to not crumble in and get what he saw as the right deal . 
  principles might not always win but he came pretty damn close , real shame he went . 
  he might as well publish everything he knows , he 'll know a lot and i think the people have the right to know . 
  a lot of the british problem with the european union seems to be that we do n't like germany 's leadership , not that we disagree with the idea of a union in europe . 
  a lot of people are proud of british sovereignty and a lot of people feel as though the move towards a more federal europe and more integrated europe threatens that . 
  of course the solution would be to negotiate fairly but we have the spineless cameron threatened by his own backbenchers constantly and we instead opt for the nuclear option of ukip who are a constant pain in the arse . 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article154666261/berliner-piraten-chef-bei-erdogan-demo-festgenommen.html here 's a german source . 
  it 's just a local state chief i think rather than the federal leader . 
  ireland is part of the british isles i thought , but obviously not part of the united kingdom ? 
  that 's how wiki puts it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles, 
  looking on wikipedia it says there are two examples , comedic and drama based . 
  i 'd probably say docufiction now having been made aware of the word though , 
  mockumentary ? 
  can we get a knighthood for / u/nephilimsoldier , a worthy subject of her majesty ? 
  * like ireland 's food is so much better . 
  i live near there and do n't go nearly as often as i should , one of the best in the area . 
  the people 's history museum in manchester 's city centre is excellent as well , considering a lot of the workers ' history is local to the north . 
  i found the haus der geschichte in bonn excellent when i was there .
