  bla bla bla , it is all about humanity , bla bla bla , not german retirement system , bla bla bla , our factories dont need cheap workforce anymore . 
  wow , we should be even more tolerant to muslim culture . 
  thank you based luca , may the force be with you . 
  we warned you that those syrians imposed by eu will affect this country and muslims ( or people from countries with islam as dominant religion ) living in it . 
  we have a saying that the people who hate poles the most are other poles . 
  this is pretty accurate in peacetime . 
  we are country that was occupied like milion times by everyone . 
  so we have a tradition which leads us to consolidate in times of crisis . 
  ( like with almost no resources we created one of the biggest [ underground movement ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/home_army ) during wwii . ), 
  so in times of problems we switch to hate inviders . 
  if those syrians ( and other muslims ) will be seen as foreign culture taking over ours , no laws will apply . 
  i am afraid they kind of are , since this is proven that among them there are isis members and we do n't feel like being terrorised . 
  we live in a [ safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) country and we dont want it to change . 
  this has nothing to do with turkey , those syrians imposed by eu radicalise this country pretty quick . 
  sorry for what happened . 
  seriously what do those people learn in there ? 
  you 're goddamn right , jesse . 
  kick us out if you dont like poles in your country . 
  it is your country to decide about and all immigrants are just guests in there . 
  we will gladly accept those poles back , they are our people and responsibility . 
   democracy , or democratic government , is `` a system of government in which all the people of a state or polity ... are involved in making decisions about its affairs , typically by voting to elect representatives to a parliament or similar assembly , '' as defined by the oxford english dictionary you are not involved in political decissions since your participation in elections is irrelevant . 
  this is what you get when you have magic powers and yet you have n't recieved howgard 's letter . 
  eu foreign policy ? 
  let 's see who is a [ head ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_representative_of_the_union_for_foreign_affairs_and_security_policy ) of it . 
  okey , let 's see something about her ? 
   a member of the italian communist youth federation from 1988  in 1996 mogherini joined the youth left after the dissolution of the italian communist party before its transformation into a social democratic party  criticism of mogherini ranges from claims of her being pro-russian and too close to the kremlin , to not taking the threat of russia seriously . 
   nonetheless , mogherini 's decision to choose a spokeswoman whose husband is a partner in a firm lobbying for russian energy giant gazprom caused public criticism . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/federica_mogherini what a bright englightened individial !, 
  when we got our ass kicked by commies she lived happily along commie youth . 
  fuck communism . 
  oh so you have read the non existing agreement yet ? 
  care to share it with us ? 
  [ sorry , but my first thought ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/ee/a7/8f/eea78ff683a4268bd38b533404b876b8.jpg ), 
  germany i think has experience in making people die , what about that ? 
  okey so you need a background of polish culture . 
  we have a saying that the people who hate poles the most are other poles . 
  this is pretty accurate in peacetime . 
  we are country that was occupied like milion times by everyone . 
  so we have a tradition which leads us to consolidate in times of crisis . 
  ( like with almost no resources we created one of the biggest undergound movement during [ wwii ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/home_army ) . ), 
  so in times of problems we switch to hate inviders . 
  if those syrians will be seen as foreign culture taking over ours , no laws will apply . 
  i am afraid they kind of are , since this is proven that among them there are isis members and we do n't feel like being terrorised . 
  we live in a [ safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) country and we dont want it to change . 
  it protects minorities , we have muslim minorities like tatars who we respect very much . 
  muslim syrians are n't seen as minority here , but invaders . 
  police can not check 90 % of the country , who dislike those newcoming muslims . 
  how many ? 
  i would say 0 . 
  our society does n't like muslims whether you like it or not . 
  those people will be attacked , since islam is percieved here as an ultimate threat . 
  i am not happy about but dont tell me i didnt warn you . 
  agreement does n't exist , yet people demonstrate against it in germany . 
  in title i write support for ttip not support for existing ttip agreement . 
  ttip is soon to be agreement . 
  but thanks , i like how you remembered my post . 
  i mean i can understand germany ( also austria ) also france since they do n't want a bigger player among them , but sweden ? 
  what is there to justify ? 
  free market on global scale is a bad thing / s, 
  i see germans more like a victims of their goverment honestly . 
  nord stream means that you value partnership with russia more than solidarity with eastern europe . 
  which is good for your economy and bad for solidarity . 
  it means also that in case of problems with russia you , ight pick for example cheap gas ( which is pretty neat in terms of economy ) than solidarity . 
  historical reasons did n't start with hitler , it is you who are overly concerned with nazism . 
  yeah and nord stream was lik what ? 
  i have travelled i was in the most west europan capitals . 
  i mean we have historical reason to be careful , but dont take this too seriosuly i was joking in this post , i should have placed / s tho . 
  no it is n't now it is just negotiation . 
  it isnt trade agreement yet . 
  you know that you can sue countries right now , without ttip ? 
  ttp , different deal nothing to do with europe . 
  do you know what negotiations are ? 
  tell me since when negotiations are public ? 
  i kind of need european side on this one , 
  but ttip doesnt exist , you do n't like a name of it or what ? 
  i think it can be called tttip if you dislike ttip that much . 
  every pole gets anxsious when germans and russians follow some project . 
  btw anyone has a source on the informatio that ttip will be public for one year before the vote ? 
  stop what ? 
  ttip agreement doesnt even exist , what they are trying to stop the name ? 
  what ? 
  yeah i can not , tho i do n't want to speak about things i am not completely sure about in different christian religions too , so i prefer do n't talk about it at all . 
  wow , you just like to ask questions about things that noone even remotely implied , do n't you ? 
  bible , in contray to koran , is open for interpretations . 
  christianity develops because its ideas are to be universal but applied to times . 
  of course carholicism isnt christianity , but you have to excuse me , i am a pole and i am speaking from catholic perspective . 
  sure old testament shows acts of violence , but again i am a catholic and speaking from this prespective . 
  the catholic doctrine gave an interpretation to bible . 
  submission ? 
  you mixed us with muslims a bit here http://www.catholic.com/quickquestions/what-is-the-catholic-view-of-women will she ? 
  if you are n't from japan i live a safer country than you according do oecd . 
  so no beating i guess . 
  and it suceed ? 
  did n't it ? 
  it got itself with the modern world and as far as i know new pope is respected even among atheists . 
  i am sorry that i ca n't quote properly i am on ipad and safari is shitty . 
  yeah they want to spread christianity by a sword which is against what caholics believe right now ? 
  but i think you finally got it since you need to compare medival christians to nowadays muslims . 
  i think i did my part in here . 
  new testament ?
