  this about law i asked about above . 
  thanks !, 
  so after 2005 this is understandable , before anything changed ? 
  i posted this , because this chart is going around polish web for a while . 
  i want to verify if it is true . 
  did n't sweden start muslim immigration around mid 70s ? 
  as far as i know sweden has unusual definition of sexual offence , but did this defition change since 70s ? 
  i mean maybe we - in poland - are savages but in here if some people need to be rescued you are expected to hear ` women and children first ' . 
  it seems that it is just our thing nowadays . 
  news are supposed to show us the reality or be as objective as it is possible . 
  the refugees that stay behind ? 
  meaning those who stay in one of the richest countries in the world - denmark , which just cut their welfare for not working immigrants ? 
  our pm kopacz will be pm for like 3 months more . 
  next elections pis is very likely to win , they are like orban on catholic steroids . 
  it will be fun . 
  we had bigger gdp growth before 2004 than after . 
  we lost 3 milion young citizens as a cheap labour . 
  how much gdp can 3 milion young people create ? 
  more than eu gave us , less ? 
  i am not sure . 
  i know that poland is slave economy for germany ( look at import and export for example ) and we decided to became one in 2004 . 
  as i proved you , you have no arguments other than `` fantasy '' . 
  you know , i am seeing those burning asylum houses in germany and germans jumping on germans because of muslim immigrants ( pegida you called it ? ) . 
  this is not fantasy of mine . 
  i dont want it here . 
  and aussies are savages ? 
  as i said before . 
  we are not you . 
  we value our citizens , than europeans , than christians and after that others . 
  just like in family , you value your closer family first than more distant and after that your neighbours . 
  import muslims to your country , we dont care what you do with your country . 
  if you dont want poles deport them , they are our people we will take care of them , because they are our family . 
  dont give us no money for them , we will take them for free . 
  of course they dont want to go , germany has a better quality of life after all . 
  but this is your country , i dont care what you do with your own country , who am i to decide for your nation ? 
  but this is not your problem , is n't it ? 
  we dont care about their age , deport them and make it our problem . 
  why do you care ? 
  they are our people and our responsibility . 
  you want those muslisms , take them than , they are your responsibility . 
  mate we will even pay for this . 
  you name how much . 
  we need those people back , because mostly young people went to work there . 
  retirement system here depends on them coming back . 
  deport everyone from uk and ireland too if you may . 
  why do you think it looks so beautiful ? 
  no immigrants in the area . 
  why cant eu just implement australian policy ? 
  do you do take pleasure from calling other racist ? 
  maybe it is just simply your thing ? 
  have you thought about it ? 
  germany , not again plx . 
  good for you guys !, 
  haha , good one . 
  i know the reality . 
  half of those posts are deleted . 
  but as far as i see it there is no hatred and racism in there . 
  eu and schengen are n't the issue . 
  germany pushing for immigrants is . 
  like the debates we are having for last days about immigrants . 
  what racism are you talking about exactly ? 
  stop talking like that , that is racis too !, 
  the problem is , calling names works in the western countries , but half of this sub isnt western . 
  most of those guys ca n't comprehend why does this universal weapon not work anymore . 
  welcome to real world where discussions need to be backed up with facts . 
  no it is n't . 
  noone here cares about the race . 
  your left wing perception was not debated as you went further and further into leftie perspective of reality . 
  now you face other ideas and it is so shocking for you that people like synsc ca n't even comprehend what is going on . 
  your center wing parties are left in everywhere in the world expect for western europe . 
  time to make you see that there are other options . 
  many people here ca n't handle diverse opinions as we can see from this thread . 
  debates are good and kissing each other 's butts as it was before here was unproductive and not interesting . 
  respect word kurwa , kurwa !, 
  sure , but your country was founded on islam , like my on catholicism . 
  just like their countries have islamic roots too . 
  you say that those syrians for example are closer culturally to eu countries than to turkey ? 
  good move guys . 
  please . 
  we will host about 400 000 ukrainians this year . 
  noone is saying a word , because they are from our cultural circle . 
  you are muslims guys , other muslims are closer culturally to you . 
  noone knows ... yet . 
  xxdddd, 
  some of them are refugees ffs , i said it above . 
  what is more . 
  helping does n't involves helping refugees only by admitting them , you know that right ? 
  we are helping ukraine as we can on many grounds . 
  those 300 000 are immigrants and refugees . 
  war affects all the country . 
  some people have no way to survive other to come to here . 
  and we are happy to help . 
  because it is a bit more than 500 you estimated for us . 
  according to this article over 300 000 ukrainians came here for jobs and to stay . 
  it was only last year . 
  even the guardian admires it . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/13/ukraines-refugees-find-solace-in-poland-europes-most-homogenous-society i bet you feel foolish right now . 
  i was joking if you didnt notice : ddd, 
  we are , we took like 200 already christain syrians and there will be few hundred more . 
  also , we help ukraine on big scale , they have a war too , you know ?
