  neither the defintion of rape nor citizens there did change ( why would they ? ) . 
  so why did [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kdhrn/sexual_offences_in_sweden_19752013_chart/ ) happen ? 
  or maybe we should read some other news . 
  how come 5 % muslims in sweden [ commit ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/29/bethany-blankley-christianity-exits-europe-crimina/?page=all ) over 75 % rapes ? 
  are n't those stats the best idea ? 
  i think it is pretty good idea to make more of it . 
  those sources must be pretty shocking for you than . 
  welcome to the reality . 
  you know i just do n't want poles to feel insecure in our country . 
  this is a logical thing to do . 
  yes , of course . 
  so what ? 
  you cant just change an interpretation of an act because other act is written in a way that significantly limits the usage of the former act . 
  the directive is written in ' a bad manner ' but it is binding . 
  of course it is . 
  i think now , a reasonable thing to do for my goverment is to do what your goverment did . 
  act in the best interest of my country and refuse to host all refugees from germany . 
  explaining that this is just mirroring their behaviour . 
  germans acted against eu interests once , we should this one time act against interests of germany . 
  dont you agree ? 
  i disagree . 
  they dont come directly from endangered territory . 
  their private goals are irrelevant , objective fact of crossing territory matters . 
  where did you get your interpretation ? 
  what other articles state about their private goals ? 
  are you serious , right now ? 
  you would n't be able to spot an irony even if it kicked you in your butt . 
  sure someone did and i still belive this crowing jesus thing was pretty funny . 
  most people had good laughs about it . 
  so did i. 
  we all know why the capital of sweden is the capital of rapes in europe . 
  i like when my countrymen feel [ safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) in my country . 
  it is our country to decide about , muslim culture , mulims perception of women , forcing them to wear headcovers , their behaviour etc isnt our thing . 
  poland is our country to decide about and most muslims are not welcome here . 
  above all , i do n't have to explain our reasoning to you , because as i said above . 
  it is our country to decide about . 
  it was just a prank mate !, 
  no , thanks . 
  honestly , we here think that some cultures dont fit others . 
  if a catholic pole went to saudi arabia and tried to behave like in poland it wouldnt be welcomed . 
  same goes for muslims in europe . 
  i like my country where only muslims are tatars , which we do n't even consider muslims . 
  they just go to different church as far as we are concerned . 
  it is hard to spot sarcasm in the internet . 
  i mean everyone knows that islam is a race , but it always got me wondered . 
  if i am a catholic and my friend is an atheist are we from different race or maybe this race thing applies to islam only ? 
  okey i understood what you wrote in your first post , now you repeated the same . 
  you did n't answer my question , why dont they deport them if there are too many of those refugees ? 
  why should germans dictate others the number of refugees ? 
  german took this amount willingly , they decided about them , not we . 
  our goverment will surely help with deporting illegals from germany in the name of solidarity with germans , not refugees . 
  if germany took 500 milion africans today , inside their borders , would you still use an argument which you used above , meaning ` they are already here , you need to get a portion ' ? 
  we resigned for a big part of our export for russian sanctions . 
  russia wouldnt be able to afford maitianing war donbas for more 2-3 years from now , but with german boost many more people will die . 
  why do you state that the amount of refugees that germany took is just right ? 
  why do we have to even out to them ? 
  maybe they took too much reefugees and they should not be redisteibuting them , but deporting them . 
  why should they say everyone the correct number of refugees ? 
  this , we expected nothing more of germans , but we hoped that they will stick to union they formed . 
  you need to understand what german-russian deal which bypasses sanctions means in here . 
  sure thing , we are meant to obey . 
  germans are meant to rule . 
  hmm . 
  i know this standpoint from somewhere . 
  love how germans force us to take muslims and use solidarity argument . 
  well i guess it is only one way thing . 
  germans and russians are talking again , as a pole i think we need more nato bases both in germany and eastern europe . 
  also , this shows german position towards all those people who have died in donbass . 
  it is nice to know the position on humaniarian aid from a country which talks about human rights the most . 
  yeah a year ago merkel said that it would upset russians . 
  i hope she will be given good salary from russians when she ends her political career tho . 
  she wouldnt be a first german chancellor who was given that . 
  boy , and i thought borthers in faith wo n't help those refugees . 
  if reddit didnt allow people to edit titles they wouldnt have given this option . 
  i can do it and i will do it , it is my submission here i can name it whatever i like . 
  wtf . 
  this , it is n't the first time he is doing it . 
  all bielarusians are welcomed here tho . 
  my opinion , my dear is solely based on facts , your on the other hand on the things you imagined . 
  if we kept on basing on ` might have beens ' we would n't be able to do anything . 
  sorry for destroying you the fun but the option with them not having a family ( since they are young ) is more likely to be true for now . 
  prove otherwise , the burden of proof that they have families is on you , because you claim them to have one . 
  so no ? 
  so right now we have only men coming here and nothing more . 
  so basing on what we have right now those are 75 % men that are coming to eu . 
  can you provide me with actual data how much of those young men have wife or children or this is just like ... your opinion man ? 
  are you reffering to something other than your imagination ? 
  actual data ? 
  anything ? 
  any actual data how many of those young men have a wife and a child ? 
  i mean , i do n't know if someone knows the topic i am not arguing . 
  what is more i am well aware that westen europe did n't get the best quality poles so it would be idiocy to say otherwise . 
  i was just curious about this chart , because it is sometimes showed as an argument in discussions here , so i wanted to verify its validity . 
  very possible that poles go there and commit crimes since most poles that left to sweden were n't from ` top shelf ' . 
  i am not negating it . 
  what is more romanian guy posted above that influx after 2004 might be a result in change of definiton of rape in swedish penal code which was done about this time . 
  it was done to broaden the rape defitinion . 
  what about the 70s ? 
  sudden magical report growth in late 70 for no reason ? 
  dont think so .
