  not saying they are lying , they are just biased . 
   razem hahaha , oh boy no way, 
  in the end you should add . 
   and all of this i have read in pro govermental press last years the fact that all pis did was laughed at , even smallest things made me think about voting them , but i do n't think i will . 
  i think i 'll just throw in a blank page for the sejm elections and i will vote on someone without a party for the senate . 
  just change non british whites to poles, 
  i would wait what time will tell , after industrial revolution people felt similar fears and everything turned out just fine . 
  i am just saying that people who want to work will work no matter what and the market should tell on what salary . 
  we had 1 euro jobs for long time and noone bitched about it . 
  this is how the world works . 
  nothing wrong about it . 
  even now we work for minimum wages and we dont complain . 
  [ minorities on welfare in netherlands ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dqta8d4.png ), 
  we also wololo [ things ] ( http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_gpqe84uqk58sb34a4ogp0jdxn11ot8yb.jpg ), 
  he uses racis argument in 2015 it might work in your country , not here, 
  truly european spirit, 
  with those bright strategies he should be appointed for like ... a president of eu . 
  yeah , washington is controlled by jewish organisations , jewish organisations are controlled by reptilians and reptilians are controlled by aliens . 
  i am still working on a teory who controls aliens tho . 
  nah , commonstronk is the way . 
  wow i seriously need to learn how to bold text in here . 
  this surely looks nice . 
  if isis wants to bomb us we wo n't make it easy for them . 
  imaginary ? 
  are turks fighting kurds an imagination ? 
  was this beheading of soilder in london imaginary ? 
  are muslims zones in sweden an imagination ? 
  or maybe killing journalist in france was not a real thing ? 
  i dont think so . 
  people 's movement is more dangerous than terrorism ? 
  lel , sure okey . 
  again do n't force us perspective upon europe since your country was founded on completely different grounds and beliefs . 
  is it fear that they will damage my safety ? 
  not really , i am more convinced that they will basing on other european countries . 
  it is more of centrainty . 
  do you like calling people names ? 
  i mean idk how it works in murrica but it here i just won an argument right now . 
  argumentum ad presonam are n't a thing here . 
  and we are far from xenophobia , in my opinion . 
  we have vietnameese community which we respect . 
  they are good honest people . 
  we have many african christains in here , two of them are members of our parliment . 
  not liking islam is n't xenophobia since islam creates more problems than solutions in europe . 
  it is calld being rational in here . 
  harmful ideologies should not be imported to europe . 
  i believe that they culture is too far from ours for them to coexist with polish people in numbers eu wants us to . 
  i for once wouldnt mind saudi arabia citizens not liking poles in their country since our culture differs from theirs . 
  sure it does , but why do n't we hear about polish terrorists attack ? 
  what do you think ? 
  what is stopping muslim terrorist attack in poland ? 
  lack of muslims might be one of few things . 
  are immigratns only people who are capable of terrorism , nah . 
  are muslims prone to terrorism ? 
  this would be an interesting question . 
  no i am no afraid . 
  i am cautious because i have nothing to fear . 
  i am sitting in one of the safest countries in the world and i like it . 
  i want to keep it that way , because why would i risk changing it ? 
  because some syrians want to come to europe ? 
  they are not my people . 
  if you are so open minded take those refugees to your home , do n't impose them on others . 
  nah , polish law can limit freedom only in poland . 
  we are not limiting people who live here anything , we are limiting outsiders . 
  again , we care more about people who live inside our borders . 
  yes i want to live a life free of islamic terrorism in my country . 
  not all muslims are terrorist but it requrest just one to kill thousands of people . 
  dont project your fears onto us . 
  we are well aware of orwell 's literature and world he creates . 
  the thing is , we dont need surveillance and limitation of privacy and yet we are pretty [ safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) . 
  we do n't need it because we care that in polan immigratns are n't terrorists and are able to live their life in accordance with values we have . 
  again . 
  we are not afraid because we do n't need to be , because we created the country on ideas i wrote you in my previous post . 
  we care first about our countrymen . 
  you dont need to limit freedom and maitain safety when you live among your people . 
  europe should turn back syrian immigrants , if this is what you are talking about . 
  among those people there are isis members , i wont risk my people getting bombed because there are syrians to be helped . 
  you dont know kurdo turkish fights ? 
  check out this topic . 
  there are hundreads articles about it . 
  again , i wont risk my people getting killed because syrians need help . 
  i am all for supporting them financially ( like paying turkey some money to host syrians ) and against taking them to my country . 
  they will come here , yup and i can only hope they will be deported somewhere since the refugee convention doesnt apply to them . 
  wait , wait . 
  you think that we should support syrian migration and risk having terrorists attack because they want to become european ? 
  are you joking ? 
  go risk your country getting terrorised , i care about my countrymen first , than europeans , than for people culturally similar than the rest . 
  noone says otherwise . 
  i just state that they should not be accepted here since it takes muslims even few generations to fully integrate ( looking at kuro-turkish fights lately in germany ) . 
  i mean why would i risk my country getting additional problems with muslims ? 
  we have enough problems on our own . 
  sure , welfare opportunities in europe ( especially in the west ) are pretty neat . 
   they would go to other middle eastern countries no they would n't since they value money more than being culturally similar . 
  also , stop calling it opportunities if you may and start calling it free money . 
  it suggest what ? 
  that societies built on christianity are better than those built on islam or what ? 
  i expect their integration to be quicker in muslim countries , this is the place they all should go . 
  i bet french are panicking right now , eastern euros are very scary . 
  i wouldnt be too anti german . 
  i have a friend there who just says that their goverment betrayed the people , just like our us in taking immigrants . 
  just wait 3 weeks , will you ?
