no , exactly the opposite . 
  i read the article saying that we readuced our emissions to 30 % american 's . 
  we made a step first , next move is up to them . 
  we ca n't keep on reducing our emissions while china and us keep on increasing it , this leads to nowhere . 
  our step was made . 
  poland : we steal cars not only in other countries , but also in poland . 
  shhh ... we do n't talk about it here . ^ germans ^ are ^ watching . 
  most people in germany think that jews are not cool in 30s . 
  is this your only argument ? 
  i mean should we ? 
  as far as i know eu made it 's policy and going further does n't seem to have any point since countries responsible for climate change now are china , us and japan . 
  yep , ca n't argue with that . 
  i dont support my goverment 's decission , just state the obvious that noone from v4 cared before about us . 
  nord stream 2 ? 
  yep http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-08/nord-stream-2-pipeline-expansion-hurts-eu-unity-poland-says, 
  i agree , but v4 is not a strong alliance . 
  look for example at hungarian-russian relations . 
  russia investing in eu is aganst our interest yet orban decided to accept russian money . 
  if you dont want poles living in your country deport them . 
  they are our people and our responsibility . 
  this is your country to decide about . 
  unlike you , i wo n't tell your country what to do with your immigrants . 
  jews living in 30s germany were natives , those syrians are not . 
  we dont feel morally obliged to accept them to our country . 
  bravo . 
  it is a right thing to do . 
  or maybe not ? 
  maybe those mostly young men left their mothers to find a wife in europe ? 
  maybe they ca n't find women in europe that human trafficers told them about and they get upset ? 
  not at all , feels goodman, 
   english is n't ` english ' written with a capital letter ? 
  polish people do n't want to risk being bombed in their own country since there are isis among syrians . 
  if you want to risk this for your country , well it is your country . 
  we will see who was right . 
  and this is exactly what i disagree with . 
  communism is a part of our history ` stalin 's dick ' as some call it is too . 
  [ this is today 's reality ] ( http://1wdojq181if3tdg01yomaof86.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/jobs.jpg ), 
  let 's say you have big family that lives with you in your home . 
  you are a really helpful , lovely guy so you brought few local drunks for them to live in your house with your family . 
  those drunks beat up your family and steal all your money the day after . 
  did you behave like a good christian ? 
  wait ? 
  what ? 
  as far as i know you just used ad personam argument , who is a troll now ? 
  if you are n't able give a reasonable argument it means that you have none . 
  i do n't know about your country , but in my right wing troll country ad hominem means that i just won a discussion . 
  i think i 'll take that as a complement . 
  i gave the source in the comments , you are welcome to debate it . 
  i was just interested in confirmation of those stats . 
  hey , you have google . 
  [ just do it ] ( http://cdn.papermag.com/uploaded_images/shia.jpg ), 
  nah , i support this decission because it is soviet 's army monument . 
  we should fucking demolish those commieblocks . 
  let me just get my hammer . 
  you get it all wrong . 
  you think that we aspire to be westerners . 
  we do n't . 
  we believe that you have forsaken european values ( which were based on christianity ) for something not far from neo marxism . 
  if you want to allow your country to have - like sweden - muslim zones , it is n't our problem as long as you do n't force muslims on us . 
  we lost 3 milion people as a cheap labor for being part of eu and for eu donations . 
  how much gdp can 3 milion people make , more , less than eu gave us ? 
  i was a deal and we took it . 
  we would n't say a word if they were n't muslims . 
  okey , thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  i have only from the uk and also i havent checked its source uk poland : total population : 730,100 prison population : 989 prisoners per capita : 1 in 738.22 ireland : total population : 338,100 prison population : 778 prisoners per capita : 1 in 434.58 jamaica : total population : 160,095 prison population : 711 prisoners per capita : 1 in 225.17 romania : total population : 101,000 approx . 
  prison population : 588 prisoners per capita : 1 in 171.77 pakistan : total population : 176,400 prison population : 522 prisoners per capita : 1 in 337.93 lithuania : total population : 142,100 prison population : 518 prisoners per capita : 1 in 274.32 nigeria : total population : 112,700 prison population : 468 prisoners per capita : 1 in 240.81 somalia : total population : 115,000 approx . 
  prison population : 423 prisoners per capita : 1 in 271.87 india : total population : 357,700 prison population : 417 prisoners per capita : 1 in 857.79 albania : total population : 100,000 approx . 
  prison population : 303 prisoners per capita : 1 in 330, 
  i posted this because i saw this graph few times , so i want to verify it . 
  it seems that this is its source http://www.hartvannederland.nl/top-nieuws/2015/somaliers-kunnen-geen-baan-vinden-polen-juist-wel/ can anyone confirm its validity , i sadly do n't know dutch so i am unable to . 
  is it like your standpoint or maybe you like calling people names ? 
  we are not xenophobic , our vietnameese community is very respected here . 
  we have few non polish [ members of parliment ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson ) noone has a problem with them . 
  deport them if you do n't want them . 
  it is your country , you decide about it . 
  also , you are claiming that poles abuse your welfare state , can you provide stats proving what you are saying . 
  because as far as netherland 's welfare goes poles are [ quite an example ] ( https://i.imgur.com/dqta8d4.png ) . 
  where did i censor you ? 
  i didnt report your post if thats what you are asking about . 
  what are you , a commie ? 
  it is their money , they spend it on whatever they wish to . 
  their money is none of your business . 
  they did good not supporting nowadays immigration doctrine . 
  bravo . 
  hm ... i am pretty sure this looks like a rally to me : , 
  it is giving them a portion of power again . 
  imam sorry but this is how poles see it . 
  muslims use european constituional rights to get more and more power , just gradually ceasing it . 
  this is upseting me more and more . 
  oh he has this ` profesor nazdzwyczajny ' title only ? 
  we have new elections in october , she has no way to be elected counting on good job in eu . 
  this is very interesting . 
  kaczynski is a professor of law , whom most of media here really hate . 
  he isnt retarded . 
  when i was watching his speech i paid attention to this 54 zones in sweden , because this was a concrete number , meaning he needs to back it up or media will eat him alive . 
  which is being done right now . 
  i am waiting for his next move . 
  elections are in few weeks and one thing i am sure of , he said it on purpose . 
  maybe for free publcity .
