  let me copy my comment from other thread : it seems that you do n't know how russia works . 
  the rule is ancient old and countries that feel safe have forgotten about . 
  we did n't . 
  you are not provoking if you militarise yourself , you are provoking by laying low . 
  if you are weak russia will take advantage of it . 
  see georigia or more recent ukraine - maidan destabilised their country for few months second later russian military goes in . 
  if you are weak it will be used against you . 
  simple primal behaviour . 
  the more equipment we have the more safe we are . 
  this applies also to nato bases . 
  you guys felt too safe for too long to be objective . 
  50 years ago noone in europe would say anything you wrote on the internet right now , also more east you go , more primal it gets . 
  we are eastern eu and nato country making us see ` both europes ' , both west and east . 
  now on the eastern part there is a war . 
  this is how things roll near russia . 
  they let themselves . 
  in europe everyone decides for oneself , if they want to drown , why should we forbid them to ? 
  no , giving the hitler scenario repeats . 
  hitler said that he wanted only czechoslovakia in 38 . 
  now russia might say it is only about poland ( or other eastern country ) and if west backs down it is all they want . 
   the russian military is nowhere near the level of readiness to attack and occupy poland . 
  they could prepare for it but that would be impossible to notice . 
  i am not the one saying this but pavel baev , a geopolitical expert on the russian military ( only source in french sadly ) . 
  you are talking about situation where nato helps or it does n't ? because giving that scenario where selling poland for peace takes place , i wouldnt be so sure . 
   you would receive help from germany and france within 72 hours , the time to load our tanks on rails and ferry them to the east . 
  why ? 
  why would you help with your military , article 5 doesnt say anything about millitary help . 
  we have historical reasons to doubt treaties that dont even require military help . 
  and we doubt that anyone would help us . 
  i am not sure , honestly . 
  us was always a dreamland for people under commie regime and my generation being born just after it ended was raised in this spirit . 
  so i am not really sure if there is inly common business that make poles like the us . 
  i would support this , i bet most of us would . 
  oh i understand now where we do n't understand each other . 
  would you mind answering me this question than - would you sacrifice your capital for poland ? 
  because it is the issue . 
  if lets say warsaw got nuked and french president nuked russia in return next target would be paris . 
  would you sacifice your whole biggest city for some hellhole where your plumbers live ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but there is additional element , noone touches a country with us military , because us values their people , so this nuking thin isnt even on the table . 
  also ukraine gets rekt with conventional welfare , russians can steamroll polan in a week with conventional weapons , according to people who worked for us president , we would need to stand 3 months so last enough to recieve military help from us . 
  this also doesnt apply when there are nato bases here since noone touches a country with nato bases . 
  you are new here , arent you ? 
  he has my sword, 
  we honestly count on your bases . 
  without them it might get shitty , especially lately when everything goes nuts . 
  i mean north korea , ukraine , middle east . 
  i agree . 
  what about tusk 's idea of common eu gas price ? 
  does it exist anymore ? 
  it seems that you do n't know how russia works . 
  the rule is ancient old and countries that feel safe have forgotten about . 
  we did n't . 
  you are not provoking if you militarise yourself , you are provoking by laying low . 
  if you are weak russia will take advantage of it . 
  see georigia or more recent ukraine - maidan destabilised their country for few months second later russian military goes in . 
  if you are weak it will be used against you . 
  simple primal behaviour . 
  the more equipment we have the more safe we are . 
  this applies also to nato bases . 
  also you took one incident form cold war , forgetting what it was all about . 
  because the same idea i am presenting won the cold war , russia knew that if they attacked us it would have been over for them and this stopped them . 
  the closer we are to this state the safer we are . 
  this . 
  when you know that you are next if something happens to ukraine , you need all help you can get . 
  one of duda 's priorities is to boost v4 asap . 
  i posted something below , but it is short . 
  i posted it above , but only this short thing . 
  http://europarltv.europa.eu/pl/player.aspx?pid=948e9756-636f-4af6-ba86-a33e00ca52f8 0:29 someone is lying on the internet again . 
  pls, 
  so no record of him speaking english ? 
  i mean he might have prepared his speech in polsih, 
  i have to agree with you on this . 
  i know a bit your perspective and i do agree russians did well . 
  now you have polish minority which supports russia and if you do anything to them we get pissed off . 
  also , you did n't play it well , i mean if we talk about our minority you instantly get defensive instead of explaining us the situation . 
  99,9 % poles dont know what is happening there . 
  just like you did 2 posts above . 
  this , they are always ignored and in th same time theynare in bigger risk , so maybe this is the reason why he went there . 
  yup . 
  his idea is to unite eastern euro region to together ask nato for bases . 
  i hope this works . 
  ireland has like gorillion of polish immigrants ( mostly from lower class ) compare your lower class to them and find diferences . 
  same here, 
  good for you lads !, 
  10 milion people , a week ? 
  i dont think so , i dont think we would stand a week against russia . 
  lithuania and us . 
  after that it might be austria and hungary . 
  who praises bielarusian lack of freedoms ? 
  as you can see eu forced bielarus to release political prisioners , it means that the more links eu has with bielarus the more free country becomes . 
  this is one of the ways to free a bit press and elections , tying a country to those who have more [ free ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/content/ajam/articles/2015/2/12/report-press-freedom-experienced-drastic-decline-in-2014/jcr:content/mainpar/textimage/image.adapt.990.high.press%20freedom%20index.1423760904426.jpg ) press instead of tying them to those where free press exist in smaller scale . 
  what is pathetic in it ? 
  those people need help too you know ? 
  reminder that nato has no obligations to support ukraine . 
  that is the main aegument why they dont project their force there . 
  i wouldnt say that time is on russian side , sanctions take its toll too . 
  this is what i am talking about . 
  many of us here for example are focused on chineese growth and you are a key element for us ( and we are for you ) in ( again for example ) chinesse train line , so increasing trade is important for both of us . 
  at this point his intentions dont matter , i think , if it results with reasonable trade and people flow between eu and bielarus .
