  i can say about carholicism that also what pope says becomes a law . 
  catholics are long time past this since catholic doctrine is formed in vatican in a huge part . 
  equality between man and woman in marriage is against our doctrine ? 
  i do have proofs , get your girlfriend tell her to wear high heels and mini skirt , bring her to any european country . 
  than take her and leave her in saudi arabia , iran or syria and see what happens . 
  same foundations will happen . 
  no they were n't . 
  what you see is just different houses built on same foundation . 
  it is a different agreement lad, 
  remember that terrorism is against christian doctrine and church . 
  those are terrorist who happen to be christian . 
  bible says to love your enemy , koran allows to eliminate them . 
  big difference since this is part of islam while bible forbids it . 
  how long did enlightenement last and how long did christianity last in europe ? 
  again as i said before you might be atheist but you live along principals that orgin from christianity . 
  it is like with a house , there is a foundation of a house and the rest of the house . 
  even if foundations are not visible anymore the house is shaped according to the foundations . 
  i am not supportive of gay marriages , i just support gays to do whatever they want in their homes and lifes . 
  this is how poles feel , again because of the doctrine i presented you before . 
  we have no gay marriages and no anti gay rights , if you are gay good for you it is your private thing . 
  my argument as i presdented you above works for us and it is one of the reason we live [ safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) lifes . 
  it is now you who misses the point and no , you did n't understand what i wrote . 
  you are not reffering to orgins as i did . 
  morallity is n't uniform and it orgins mostly from religion . 
  some moral codes value life and some say that infidels should be killed for example . 
  some people can live among others some differ too much . 
  poland accepted christian syrian refugees not so long ago . 
  why ? 
  because as i said above - we have 0 problem with christians , as they share our values . 
  we have few [ african born christans ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson ) here too , some as you see are in polish parliment . 
  why ? 
  because no matter where they are from , post commie countries , africa , syrian warzone they are christians with christian moral code . 
  and this is the rule and this is the code we too follow . 
  so if your nationalist followed our rule they would be okey with poles , since our morals are christian morals . 
  immigrants might be even atheist , but as long as they follow ` our ' morals and culture built on those morals they are cool . 
  islam has morality built on koran , which is not ours . 
  no they were not , because above all our cultures and values orgin from one common moral code which developed on christianity . 
  well okey , you seem to be dissatisfied with this discussion . 
  from your question than and i 'll be happy to answer it . 
  this is the main point why i do n't want muslims syrian immigrants in my country . 
  i dont want terrorism here . 
  yes . 
  i do n't understand why would you think i agree with the second sentence . 
  hey , do you want me to tell you what you should do with your country ? 
  you created this union and you took a great part in creating rules inside this union , do n't blame me for your decissions . 
   right wings hate no , for example we have small vietnameese community in here , we sure as hell respect those people . 
  they are good and honest folks . 
  what blame ? 
  refugees ? 
  illegals should be deported from europe , since refugee convention does n't apply to them . 
   lazy leecherous east europeans all over again wait are you ready to allow radical nationalism to rise in your country because of bad pr ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i am ready to be called a leech to minimise a risk of nazism reappearing in europe . 
  yes . 
  to clean a german toilet or you need higher education . 
  you better believe it when a pole tells you a story about toilets . 
  can you provide me with an article on eastern european terrorist attack in western europe ? 
  because i can provide you with few muslim ones . 
  also remember that this was proven that among those syrian are isis members , i just dont feel like getting bombed this week by them . 
  have you seen 2nd generation kurds and turks fighting each other in germany like 3 weeks ago ? 
  have tou seen muslim zones in sweden ? 
  maybe those journalists killed in france ? 
  you would call it successful integration ? 
  muslims in those numbers - i believe - are unable to integrate with european society built on christian foundations . 
  if you want to try this in your country , good for you , just do n't impose this onto us . 
  if you do n't like poles in your country kick us out . 
  it is your country and poles are only guests in there . 
  we will accept those people since our retirement system requires them , also they are our people - our responsibility . 
  you did no mercy to my country accepting poles for low paid jobs . 
  you are not responsible for us . 
  when we signed for eu we knew that we will lose people to the west . 
  we had known what we signed . 
  eu should n't be seen as a charity but a union of cooperating countries . 
  i konw i know i got it before , 
  have you heard about yalta ? 
  post war order could have been agreed differently , but noone cared about eastern europe . 
  how dumb are you thinking that ww3 was an only way to do so ? 
  seriusly what are you talking about ? 
  half of my country is placed on prewar german soil . 
  german culture which western part of my country adapted in many aspects are foreign too ? 
  different religion ? 
  half of europe italy including is catholic or built on catholicism and rest i built on christianity . 
  different lanuage ? 
  slavic language was here for centuries , almost all lanuages origante from proto european including french , german and polish . 
  this post was the biggest bs i have ever read in this subreddit , i will save a link to it , it might get handy in next dicussions here . 
  thanks i guess . 
  of course it west was cool with us under commie regimes . 
  cold war was an american mostly problem , what does it have to do with western europe ? 
  also cold war did n't happen right after the war . 
  it happened after decades on noone caring . 
  read kissinger 's diplomacy and stop posting this nonsense . 
  thanks, 
  of course it is a right thing to do for german economy , noone is saying otherwise . 
   wir sind das volk shout germans on demonstrations if anything goes wrong . 
  her duty is to protect german people and she does it well . 
  hmm or maybe western economies required cheap labour and we happened to be similar culturally workforce for europe ? 
  poland lost 3 milion people after joing eu , some of us proboably plumbed your toilet not so long ago . 
  if west cared about us they would n't throw us in the commie regime in the first place or they would pull us out of it sooner . 
  in solidarnosc we started to fight commies and west accepted us mercifully . 
  do n't think too high about your part in solidarnosc .
