  but you have to remeber that you are in a state of war , so it is hard for your govement to do anything . 
  i hope your war ends soon , we dont need more conflicts in europe . 
  this is banter mate , this pole is like 15 years old max , he is retarded or he is a putin shill . 
  in any case . 
  just let it go . 
  the problem is also the pace . 
  immigrants are good in small portions at the time , not like 100 000 in a day . 
  nah , this is more internal thing . 
  there are 2 big parties here po and pis . 
  po is govermental party , but pis has now about 40 % approval rates and there are parlimental elections in few months . 
  duda is a member of pis . 
  since our general persecutor is elected by parliment , he was elected by po so they can use it a bit in poitical game , but little of us believe that this accusation will stand in a court . 
  did you notice that too ? 
  there is a significant drop in pro russian posts in our websites lately . 
  it is pretty hard for muslims to gain power too , where are their quotas ? 
  or gay 's for example ? 
  what makes it hard for women to gain political power anyway ? 
  we have woman prime minister , germans do too . 
  what else do you want ? 
  you arent born with political power , you gain it . 
  by hard work and many women worked their asses off to achieve this , while some did nothing to be on those lists , being written on it anyway only because of those quotas . 
  if i was one of those hard working women i would be pissed off about this . 
  ( and many of them are ), 
  eu enforces this idiotism in every member country . 
  i hope they will add 2 % gay , 2 % black , 3 % muslim and 30 % christian quotas soon , because they arent represented enough . 
  why do women need those quotas , are they incapable of competing with men on equal bases ? 
  because i think they are equal in terms of intelligence , making this unfair for men . 
  i know , i know that is how they ruined it, 
  it isnt a thing here too , but it does n't matter . 
  this argument is widely understood . 
  just say you meant homosexual rapes in prison for example, 
  like 30 % on party voting lists only for women . 
  i always seen feminists as people who want extra rights for women , not men . 
  we have few feminists in here , i think i had enough . 
  nah , why would you think that ? 
  ( also those fuckers destroyed fedora fashion , it was so stylish in photos from pre war murrica ), 
  interesting, 
  is there a big difference ? 
  what feminists think about this idea ? 
  so this is war . 
  war , hans . 
  prepare your broomsricks and those laser guns i have been hearing about . 
  it is so on . 
  you need to have police protection in sweden to be christian ? 
  lmao, 
  you should try leaving house , some say it is fun . 
  here they were presented as first or second generation muslim immigrants from africa . 
  me too looking at this guy beheaded in the uk . 
  i dont blame them for deciding to have a better life , i blame eu for accepting those people . 
  nowadays ? 
  yes , i do agree with you . 
  i mean i dont care honestly as long as long as we are not forced to take those people . 
  if you do , good for you . 
  i dont want eu citizenship , i want swiss citizenship only for swimmig some boat . 
  i will buy myself a boat , but it will be hard to swim to switzerland , i think . 
  but i 'll manage . 
  no i want them to know before they go that they will drown . 
  i dont want them to drown , i want them not to enter a boat . 
  if they decided to swim to the moon is it against the principle or they just wish for something they cant get ? 
  i dont forbid them to have hopes . 
  i deserve to have swiss citizenship right now . 
  where should i swim ? 
  i dont want to have minimal 2,5 euro wage like poland does , i want swiss 15 euro . 
  did i just got pope 'd ? 
  we will see where it will get you . 
  wish you luck . 
  balkan wars where europeans fought europeans ? 
  i have no problem wih europeans . 
  what would happen in here ? 
  idk this is new for us , but yes they might be assaulted and i dont want those people to get hurt . 
  people are really fucking scared of muslims here . 
  so for many eastern european countries , which citizens see that muslims go and behead people on the streets in uk , it is a question either us or them . 
  and i am afraid that some of those people might snap . 
  this is the issue i am talking about , i am afraid that muslims might not be welcomed here and i dont want anything happen to them . 
  i am saying that europe cant deal with its problems anymore , if you think opposite accept all asylum seekers to your country . 
  i would be okey if poland paid for those africans we are supposed to get on one condition , they would be only paid only if they stayed in your country . 
  all of them . 
  are you up for it ? 
  oh i want to go to us . 
  but wait poland has visas to us . 
  it seems that us forbids me to go there . 
  same thing should apply to europe . 
  if italy wants them they should deal with them on their own , because if they accepted them it means that they want them . 
  but if they dont want those africans italy should ask eu for help and eu should help italy with sending those people back to their country . 
  i bet he will something about god giving a free will and stuff . 
  of course but if i am mistaken nsdap got the power in times of crisis . 
  looking at refugees in calais , i am not sure how far from it europe is . 
  no now , but they should know that if they came here they will . 
  it will stop them from comming . 
  or use other solution , like packing them up and sending them back . 
  i would vote for second one , but if it is impossible europe would stand before a choice - to sacrifice itself or refugees . 
  i dont want another mass slaughter where my country gets rekt the most again . 
  i do live in shitty country - surely economically speaking . 
  but if we are talking about morality , i think we are pretty okey . 
  if you want to drown , you are a free person arent you ( if you are fully capable of understanding what are you doing of course ) ? 
  i think we have good ethics , mainly because we do n't want to sacrifice our people ( not only poles but europeans in general ) for people we have nothing in common with ( some africans who dont even want to be a part of our society ) . 
  i am sorry for playing nazi card , but history repeats itself and i have heard that some asylum place in germany just burned down . 
  look what you have done and where will it lead you . 
  things like that didnt happen decade or two ago , at least they werent so common . 
  it always amazes me when countries gorillion kilometers from russia talk about russia .
