  thanks, 
  it was just after orban made this deal with putin , about hungarian nuclear power plant ? 
  very sad indeed . 
  how did surgery go ? 
  post me this legal act than . 
  what legislation are you reffering to ? 
  thanks !, 
  the biggest problem is that the need to pass polish lanugae test on a2 level ( if i remember correctly ) as a mandatory evidence that they feel connection with poland , as far as i know only few of them speaks it . 
  why ? 
  this was the deal and we accepted it . 
  we knew what we signed . 
  our goal is to postpone taking euro for next years or decades hopefully . 
  i think so , yes , it was a part of our admission requirements . 
  because it was of the obligatory requrements of our accession to eu , without it we wouldnt be able to join eu in 2004 . 
  sweden got in before that when this was n't an issue . 
  if you think your comment was witty , protip . 
  it wasnt . 
  protecting country from islam hardcore, 
  i bet he knows it , he is a professor of law . 
  i dont really know which field he specialises in exactly . 
  but he does n't support polan enetering eurozone , he is against it as far as i know . 
  the problem is we need to enter eurozone at some unspecified time ( according to eu regulations ) , meaning the referendum will give him a weapon to debate those who want to join eurozone quicker . 
  it is all about postponing this decission and rederednum saying ` no ' is a dealbreaker here . 
  are germans nazi again ? 
  should i be preparing for a blitzkrieg right now ? 
  this . 
  but he is right , we should not accept muslim immigrants here . 
  he knows the outcome of this referendum . 
  i read a poll about it few weeks ago , it was like 70 % against , 12 % undecided . 
  ttip deal doesnt even exist . 
  people oppose it . 
  fuck logic . 
  it was few percent of what it is now . 
  [ leave ukrainians alone !, 
  ] ( http://www.thelostogle.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/leave-britney-alone.jpg ), 
  we lost 3 milion citizens to emmigration since 2004 , how much gdp can 3 milion young people create in 11 years we are in eu now . 
  more than eu gave us , less ? 
  what do you think ? 
  i read their main ideas and they would be like center party in here . 
  i am no swede but for what i have gathered from articales in international press , sweden went so far left that it is unable to see what real right wing means . 
  nationalism can be moderate . 
  what are you new to the internets not knowing polish plumber meme ? 
  we need to stop the germans asap before is too late . 
  they leave this world in peace heading to the toilet heaven . 
  hey , i did n't start the discussion about european values . 
  if you knew christan moral code you would find out that you have an obligation to protect your nation first , than other countries . 
  i wont risk isis coming to poland with those refugees . 
  a month of higher bombing risk for example . 
  we like to live in safe society . 
  or maybe our ideals are european and your are neomarxist ? 
  nazism and marxism are negation of european values , which were built on christian tradition . 
   13euro a month i saw a video on yt of polish student who survived one month for less , but it was a survival video . 
  they have their share in eu parliment and comission they have a right to use it . 
  i agree . 
  we should act also in accordance with the law . 
  just give them first portion welfare money , let those refugees free and point the direction where west ( especially germany ) is . 
  they are free people , it is their decission what are they going to do next . 
  first of all , poland is not a welcoming society for muslims . 
  secondly , as far as i know , welfare will be given to them for few months . 
  what happens next ? 
  they have established communities for syrians in germany , they have places to go . 
  because we dont want to take muslim refugees in number germany decided to give us ? 
  you are right and we all know it . 
  those people are not detained they ca n't be forcefully put in one place . 
  how many of them will stay in poland when poles emmigrate to other countries ? 
  few , none ? 
  it is in your best interest to resolve this issue , because those refugees will escape welfare-free state like poland to the uk , germany or france with a first train . 
  this policy that germans force , which we do n't really like , wo n't be a problem for us in a month after their arrival , it will become yours soon after . 
  carrot and stick method works for countries like us too as we can see . 
  but in german case this stick might just be a broomstick . 
  if it is in accordance ith eu law , they have a right to do so . 
  send them back asap , our toilets are in need too, 
  we had few non agression pacts in 30s with our neighbours , well i think it was n't the issue . 
  you know that underdog is expected to lose , that is why it is called underdog . 
  we know our real possibilities and advantages , but overestimating it wouldnt be reasonable too . 
  anyone interested in political situation in moldovia ? 
  are they angry about pro eu party ? 
  are they rather pro russian or pro eu ? 
  will romiania push them to union with eu or they dont care ? 
  i have to disagree . 
  i am writing this without any negative attitude . 
  i dont want my post to be seen as hateful one but ... do you really believe that russia is a competition to us ? 
  i mean soviet times are over . 
  it is like saying poland is a competition to germany . 
  after this ? 
  not too many i presume ^ / s, 
  i wonder what will their wives say . 
  world needs more people like you to speak the truth . 
  so this syrian is lying ? 
  it isnt my quote . 
  i know , right ? 
  poles are afraid of muslims in their country , times have changed . 
  thanks for an interesting contribution, 
  so [ frau merkel ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3kos3j/iama_syrian_immigrant_in_germany_ama/cuzary8 ) made an invitation and made austrians responsible right now when things got out of hand ? 
  do you have any actual arguments or you just like to insult people ? 
  also , stop categorising people if you may , it was maybe popular in 1939 , but not anymore . 
  it is time to grow up from some of the old doctrines . 
  sure , but we can stall it for next decades as far as i know . 
  should we ? 
  or maybe nato military operation saved those people from death by saddam regime .
