  let me just grab my helmet, 
  you are a truly progressive human being , are n't you ? 
  you would rather see a blackout for half of your country to protect progressive values you believe in . 
  oh one more thing , can you tell me how much more co2 emissions eu has to cut ? 
  i mean where is this limit that eu wants , which usa , china and japan do n't even remotely care about ? 
  i always thought it is about goal - reducing co2 emissions , but as far as i know whatever eu cuts this year china will produce next since their economy is growing every year . 
  so again , where is this limit ? 
  oh sorry , it is sometimes hard to spot a witty post when you have few posts to anstwer to . 
  poland was a country with one of the bigger coal reserves in europe . 
  during communism we were forcefully underinvested and since we had coal noone cared . 
  i know your country is fueled over 90 % from nuclear power but we simply dont have infrastructure to handle this , again since those limits are partly based on your country . 
  those limits means 2 thing for us . 
  it is either blackout + we need to fire employees in existing coal power plants ** or ** being forced to buy energy from you ( which will be a hell more expensive ) + again a need to fire those employees . 
  but your type of thinking is exactly what eu did , that is why it got vetoed . 
  remember that this industry fueled like 1/3 of your country and in addition you have resources to make those kind of changes . 
  in here we are talking about whole country with a bugdet being a portion of yours . 
  what ? 
  i think those 2 posts above my are the most ignorant things i saw this week . 
  duda did a right thing . 
  it is n't like we want to have coal powered country . 
  it so happens that we have coal and coal fueled power plants . 
  already here . 
  we simply can not afford to built 10 nuclear power plants in 5 years . 
  what expensive energy are you talking about ? 
  what alternatives do we have right now ? 
  seriously ? 
  if you have a spare few bilion dollars for new power plants send them to our goverment , they will gladly invest those money . 
  eu imposes limits that are based partly on countries like france or germany with infrastructure which is able to handle those limits . 
  our shitty postcommie infrastructure is not and buying energy from the west , this is what you should call expensive . 
  wait , but why does it matter ? 
  i mean , he decided to be a priest and knew what celibacy means before he became one , and after that , i dont think it matters whether he likes girls or boys . 
  nothing , because it was applied to everything, 
  you want to fight racism on ukraine starting with football stadiums ? 
  good luck, 
  objecitve in what ? 
  i mean i partly agree with you , if you literally do n't do anything you have to be objective . 
  smart guy , some hate him , some love him . 
  i personally respect him , tho i dont support his social perception of the country . 
  on evey election there is a person like him elected for shits and giggles . 
  last time was anna grodzka . 
  nothing to see here . 
  nigel i know you are hiding in there , get out we saw you . 
  pis isnt that bad as portrayed . 
  they are just conservatives with left wing outlook . 
  poles have always been sceptical towards foreign powers abusing strength over us ( see numerous occupations ) , now with muslims are coming to europe thus pis was a logical an natural choice . 
  but this is true , the closest politician to kaczynski in the international politics is orban . 
  i wouldnt want to be a syrian immigrant right now in poland . 
  fire in one of the polling places , electoral silence will be most likely prelonged . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out !, 
  but still this is strange how other semites are stripped from importance , but okey i guess . 
  why ? 
  i mean , is n't this ignorant ? 
  there are other semites too , other cultures orginated form different histories , do n't they matter ? 
  what if attackers were semites too and they just shouted anti-jewish slurs , does it make them antisemites ? 
  i am a slav . 
  imagine i went on the streets shoulding `` yo russia , russia is bad , russia is naughty '' , does it mean i insulted other slavs or i just directed it just at russians ? 
  was this slur anti russian or anti slavic ? 
  we need to go deeper than that, 
  sorry for shitty translation but it will be something like this :  art 498 kodeksu wyborczego ( electoral code )  whoever , in relation to elections , during the period since the end of electoral campaign to the end of the voting , conducts agitation  - will be subjected to the fine . 
  size of fine is defined in different code . 
  yup , it is directed at everyone , for agitation 24 hours before and during elections one can be fined with 5 - 1200 euro , for publishing polls 120 000 - 500 000 euro . 
  i could not get anyone to confirm this for me . 
  i read somewhere here that after ttip 's negotiations end eu parliment along with the public will have a year time to get to know negotiated agreement ( already approved by commission ) . 
  i wonder if this is true ? 
  no , but it is nice to feel butthurt from time to time it seems, 
  oh sorry i have read it too quickly and must have skipped it . 
  is left wing linked to post commie parties in czech rep. ? 
  yeah nah , except for russian economy . 
  it is n't xix century anymore , do i need to remind you that ussr collapsed mostly because of its economy ? 
  they lost companies ' trust , it will take years to built back what was lost . 
  are you name calling or do you have actual arguments ? 
  i believe that those women are just representatives of party leaders who happen to be men , surely nowacka and szyd\u0142o are who have no remarkable political career before . 
  and she is n't totally only miller 's representative . 
  she is just another women after m.og\u00f3rek . 
  he focused the society on military again with ukraine problem . 
  now he shifted the attention onto syria , since ukraine did n't work out so well . 
  noone mentiones ukraine anymore in russian context so russians are focused on victories in syria giving him support . 
  yeah and not a one worth a vote . 
  play it well mate , ask her on a date for the first time tommorow . 
  i am so sorry , are you okey ? 
  need help by a chance ? 
  2015 being butthurt, 
  eastern euros wont go with it . 
  if you thought that this was a butthurt with migrants just wait . 
  i dont think so , nor do we care about it . 
  euro proven itself not being applicable to weak economies . 
  the difference between us and germany or france is too big for us to handle common currency at this point . 
  are you implying polan is not stronk already ? 
  i 'd say all my moneys went into polish space agency . 
  burn it . 
  all sponsored from taxpayers ' money . 
  thanks socialism . 
  [ interesting ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kishore-mahbubani/britain-china-bank-america-decline_b_6877942.html ) , it seems that china just started european expansion . 
  [ so you may now do what she says ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mk7qz13bu&amp;t=2m6s ), 
  they hate the juice mate , you got it all wrong . 
  lefties need to have a hell of a headache right now , on the one hand they support islamic multiculti in europe , on the other they fear being called antisemites . 
  i [ know ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/poland_can_into_the_european_space_agency.png ) this feel bro . 
  sure so what ? 
  to make a global docrine ( country wide ) you need people to encounter the problem , just like white americans encountered black americans . 
  just like christian germans encountered jewish germans in 30s .
