  i added german in title because of this  the german government warned against interpreting the deals as a sign that relations with russia were improving , saying there was no link with the ukraine crisis or western sanctions against moscow . 
  thanks for warning . 
  i like to interprete things on my own . 
  i always wondered how private gasprom is . 
  also , i dont know how it works in germany but in poland goverment is n't `` private companies ' '' spokeperson . 
  if you dont want poles in your country kick us out . 
  we will gladly take back those people . 
  we are the immigrants you are the owners . 
  it is your country . 
  poland is our country and we do n't have to answer before anyone what we do with it . 
  we dont want muslims in our country . 
  nah , hingary stays strong for a long time . 
  orban is handling it right . 
  wtf italy, 
  ask sun and independent . 
  i have been seeing posts mostly from eastern euros saying this will happen . 
  accepting all people will get them killed . 
  it is time to kick all illegals out and advertise that all illegals will be deported . 
  if your country wants to save some of those people grant them travel to europe , dont sentence their kids to death . 
  if you want to help , take a fucking responsibility for them . 
  i think it is more about your drug policy . 
  here a significant number of imprisoned population are simply drug users . 
  our italian boat muslims havent arrived yet and churches are already burning . 
  time to blame islam for this one . 
  actually 3 milion of jews were poles . 
  wow how shocking . 
  countries grant smuggled people asylum and those people are smuggled here . 
  what a coincidence . 
  maybe if countries didnt accept those people and shipped them back , they wouldnt get on this truck in the first place . 
  if they had known that there is 99 % chance of being kicked out , they would have never entered those lorries . 
  living today . 
  maybe just maybe , it is a bit eu countries ' fault ? 
  eu forces countries to accept illegals that already are on countries ' soil instead of creating institutions which bring people here safely ( just like poland did with syrian christians ) . 
  maybe all people that come to eu illegaly ( including those people who went to italy ) should be shipped back . 
  and maybe eu countries ' should care about taking them legally , if they want to take them , granting them a real safe travel from endangered countries to safe ones . 
  g-guys referedums are evil b-because hutler did them too !, 
  ban referendums !, 
  few , yep . 
  do n't ask me , ask them . 
  but before you do read https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism because it will be used against your country in a second if you ask this question . 
  it was just a prank , man !, 
  lel 2x more downvotes than upvotes in yt . 
  most comments are in cyrillic . 
  i wonder who can be behind this ? 
  i have strange impression that merkel does it all deliberately , more and more often . 
  this would be a good solution to immigrantion problem here . 
  reaching a critical mass of immigration butthurt across europe quick , like a shock terapy . 
  not only would this decrease support of immigration across europe , but also this would unite europeans more . 
  i mean accepting 800k immigrants to germany when asylum houses are already attacked isnt very rational . 
  shh . 
  according to russians what happened in 39-41 ' isnt real history . 
   help switzerland 's economy i am so pissed right now . 
  oh this train story will end in a good polandball comics, 
  i am saying this will most likely happen , just stating the fact . 
  and where exactly is the justicication ? 
  good lads , keep it going . 
  it will be fukken nothing lads . 
  you will see . 
  where did i write this ? 
  also if you told a lie just now , it would be in good manner to apologise . 
  like who ? 
  hide your bmw , hans . 
  i am coming for it . 
  it is so on . 
  not again :(, 
  is it ? 
  or maybe for them it is more like maybe die in home or maybe die in europe ? 
  are you sure your statement is true ? 
  also i am only reffering to illegal immigrants , there are legal ways to ask for asylum and only those ways should grant asylum . 
  ifmyou want them more in your country dont accept illegals , change a law and transport them safely . 
  there are so many comments there that it wouldnt matter , also i am not commentin an article . 
  i am commenting the comments below the article . 
  so we are building a wall all around eu now ? 
  i hope it will be longer than chineese great wall at least . 
  jokes aside . 
  good for you eesti , we know here that you are good target for green men . 
  let me copy my comment from other thread : it seems that you do n't know how russia works . 
  the rule is ancient old and countries that feel safe have forgotten about . 
  we did n't . 
  you are not provoking if you militarise yourself , you are provoking by laying low . 
  if you are weak russia will take advantage of it . 
  see georigia or more recent ukraine - maidan destabilised their country for few months second later russian military goes in . 
  if you are weak it will be used against you . 
  simple primal behaviour . 
  the more equipment we have the more safe we are . 
  this applies also to nato bases . 
  yep , trains sometimes can be bit late : dd, 
  sure ivan or by ivan paid lad . 
  did ukraine fight russia or russian troops went onto their territory ? 
  we want bases and weapons for defensive purposes . 
  you realize that fight will be here anyway ? 
  now at least we have more weapons . 
  you think it is time to give szczecin back to germany ? 
  i liked it tbh . 
  you totally should . 
  [ he stood before similar problem and didnt regret ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/db/7a/d1/db7ad15d14765cd165db01b84656859e.jpg ), 
  why do you even bother answering to those trolls ? 
  pity will not recieve any soliders :( but thanks lads , it means a lot to us that finally someone gave a shit about polan, 
  sorry , lw\u00f3w jokes dont entertain me much when dozens of ukrainains are killed everyday and they are genuinely scared that they might lose another city . 
  i agree .
