  so there is a bit time to make our relations better before elections . 
  nice . 
  do n't project ukrainian situation onto bielarus . 
  [ invest ] ( http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/510adfc46bb3f76f76000000-460-650-400-/18626.jpeg ) in eastern poland in order for bielarusians to see thay eu is better than russia . 
  i think it kind of depends on how far can russia go with this ukrainian thing . 
  on the other hand , i have to agree with you , it could be just planned move to open more trade with eu in order to be man in the middle for russian food import . 
  i agree , but for now even small increase in trade/people flow would be gr8 . 
  very important news for eastern euros , meaning sanctions on russia work , their political sphere shrinks . 
  i hope our relations with bielarus will impove . 
   both are right wing implying, 
  like what ? 
  i am all for our govement paying us soliders for accomodation/food/camps / booze everything as long as they are on our soil . 
  i do n't think this is the case with russia only , but this is also how the world works . 
  if you back down it means you are weak , if you are weak and you are constantly backing down , you are being conquered eventually . 
  i just fear we need to pick something nowadays . 
  ukrainian example showed us that neutrality near russia doesnt exist . 
  i 'd rather have murrican base than russian . 
  russia violated it first by attacking ukraine . 
  sure , but i am okey with society paying some portion of money on children since our retirement system is based on them . 
  it would be an investment into new generation of taxpayers , while abortion would n't . 
  i know , but why should i care ? 
  i mean she made a decission , she should face consequences . 
  people are n't born equal in terms of their financial situaion , some are richer some are poorer . 
  i saw in the news that children with kidney cancer do n't have their medicine fully refunded , should they die because some woman wanted to have unprotected sex so in the result she will be granted money instead of those children ? 
  i know this is a harsh example , but people need to take responsibility for their actions . 
  those ill children did n't have this illness willfully , like this woman had sex . 
   remains accessible to everybody why ? 
  why do you want society to pay for someone 's abortion ? 
  she decided to have sex without protection , she should be forced to pay for abortion . 
  why do you want me to pay for her mistakes ( in taxes ) ? 
  it is like this is health risk for her or baby ( for which i would be willing to pay in my taxes ) . 
  like every single one , i for instance have a big need for ice cream right now . 
   let my country default , let the euro break , let the tensions rise i do n't think you know what are you talking about , son . 
  if you believe that your agencies do nothing in times when nsa spies on you , i guess there is no point in talking with you , hans . 
  german leaders arent retarded and they have an ability to manipulate people too . 
  meh , i wonder why do you only focus on content rather than timing ? 
  china is growing , us is focused on asia right now , so they left europe a bit . 
  since than anti american attitude ( like idea to remove nato bases ) raised in germany and suddenly we recieve more and more information like this one - that murrica betrays europe . 
  how many spy stories we heard from germany like 5years ago ? 
  are germans concerned about their privacy ( sure , look at google street maps ) . 
  very convenient to publish it now ... just sayin ... 
  not genocide , but i could imagine those people beaten in countries that majority oposes them . 
  what everyone are you reffering to ? 
  you need additional confirmation by unknown group of people ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , but this only creates quotation , arrow disappears . 
  belgum national ( cant make meme arrows on ipad ), 
  btw how do you pronounce grzegorz ( schetyna ) in your neews ? 
  we need to go deeper, 
  because it is white ?!, 
  are you racis ? 
  seriously , you want to arm them now ? 
  ! ^ just ^ bit ^ irony, 
  yup . 
  i mean if you make whole europe fear african immigrants more and more one country might snap in similar way like 1939 . 
  this is no way to go . 
  do they always have this obligation ? 
  to pay for their children untill it is over 18 years old ? 
  you claim that this is universal obligation for parents support their children . 
  is it ? 
  of course noone pays money for fetus , but giving a chance for child to ` appear ' let 's say , is only in woman 's hands . 
  if she decided to raise child alone in this case , its her decission . 
  actually this is very important in this context . 
  let 's say women can abort uptill 12th week of pregnancy . 
  if we allowed man to waive this right uptill 10th week he is not leaving a child , he is leaving only foetus and foetus in your legal system is nothing more than a choice , woman 's choice what to do with her body . 
  she has 2 weeks more to make this choice . 
  so man isnt leaving his child but he is leaving woman 's choice which she still has . 
  this is equal soultion if you asked me , both partners have a choice and woman 's choice is final . 
  good for you guys . 
  there is no legal right , thats the point of this thread . 
  i dont want to start debate about ethical apect of abortion but stripping fetus right to live seems harsher than financial repercutions . 
  father doesnt abadons its child . 
  in this idea he is given right to abadon the fetus , soon to be his child . 
  i dont know at what point you consider it to be a child but in this scenario father doesnt leave child but fetus and than when it becomes a child he has no legal link to it anymore . 
  i agree that you cant abadon child , but since it isnt human according to your legal system you dont do it . 
  again i dont want to make it about etical aspect of abortion . 
  you said that this is allowed because women have right to do anything with their body , since it is true i could ask why they can do it only for short period of time ( few weeks only ) . 
  but again , i d rather we sticked to the point . 
  again , answered above . 
  i am not even remotely implying to do anything with woman 's body , but if she can do abortion in first 12 weeks , man should have 10 weeks to waive a right . 
  it gives her time to decide . 
  this was discussed above . 
  if man should have used condom , woman should have used pills , which implies that you are anti abortion at all , because she chose to have a baby ( since she hasnt used pills ) . 
  anti abortionism is understandable for me since i live in socity that is for it , so i understand your point . 
   so you ca n't be bothered to either abstain from fucking or use a condom or have a vasectomy oh , okey i understand it now . 
  you are anti abortionist . 
  i mean if women did n't want to have a child , she should have used pills , just like man should have used condom . 
  so in case she gets pregnant she ca n't remove it . 
  okey , i see your point . 
  yeah , let 's say we should give man 11 weeks to decide in that case . 
  of course but if we wanted to follow biology closely gay people shouldnt be able to have children . 
  i do n't force anything on society . 
  woman can decide to have child without faher 's money or to abort . 
  i mean what if man wants to keep a baby but woman aborts it , do i understand correctly that he ca n't do anything right now to have this baby ? 
  right ? 
  i am for giving equal option for both . 
  of course that is obvious , that is why i am not implying forcing her to do anything . 
  men and wemen are n't equal biologically but paying for a child has nothing to do with biology . 
  to simplify . 
  women can decide not to have ( so pay for the baby ) anytime , men ca n't .
