  i was joking mate , but i now know what german humor means . 
  everyday you learn a new thing . 
  oh so you are giving new trends and definitions to races ? 
  okey , i can live with that . 
  btw , is n't it illegal in germany to redefine racism on public boards ? 
  do you ? 
  because uk isnt a part of schengen agreement for example . 
  i can say about my ethnic group whatever i want . 
   racism i being slav am a new race now ? 
  i see from your nick that you might know more about it , so i am a bit afraid to disagree . 
  this , if you dont like those poles kick them out . 
  we will accept them back . 
  uk belongs to brits ffs , it is teir country , they can do whatever they want to it . 
  i think it is this primal savagery every slav has that forbids us from being open to muslim culture . 
  enrichment just isnt our thing . 
   are you retarded okey , i see who am i dealing with . 
  shouldnt you be in school right now ? 
  you ca n't be stupid enought to believe that war doesnt affect whole country . 
  their average income is lower than moldovian right now . 
  they are coming here not only for jobs but also for help . 
  by our definintion ? 
  we recieved more than hundred thousand ukrainians this year , noone is bitching about them . 
  if you dont want us , kick us out . 
  kick all poles from your country if you dont want us there . 
  we will gladly accept them back . 
  remember , i am not you , i am not telling you how to govern your country . 
  it is your country after all , do whatever you want to do with it . 
  we have elections in few months , if pis wins ( which is very likely , they are polish version of orban but more catholic ) they will claim it their biggest success . 
  you ca n't believe that those are freebies , can you ? 
  we have 20 % import/export to germany , while they have 2 % to us . 
  we are dependend on them . 
  they own us and we know it . 
  we lost 3 milion < 30yo people to other eu countries as a cheap labour force . 
  ( how much wealth can 3 milion people produce in 15 years , more , less than eu gave us ? ), 
  we are yet to recieve immigrants because germany went on full retard mode with their acceptance . 
  it was a bargan , for us becoming a slave state for their economy and we took it . 
  it is an actual butthurt . 
  i have a strange impression that germans talk about solidarity only when it is a [ profit ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/04/us-gazprom-europe-iduskcn0r414520150904 ) to them . 
   educate the individuals  assimilating them ... is the crucial aspect of this experiment is it this famous left wing experiment when they beat up half of your country and you do nothing but import more of them ? 
  i just wanted to check if we are on the same page here . 
  is it this enrichment you all have been talking about ? 
  good for you lads . 
  i hope your war ends soon . 
  oh i switched my field a long ago , now it more of a hobby :d, 
  you thought it was a life or death matter ? 
  too much tv mate . 
  do you have data proving otherwise ? 
  if not we are left only with 75 % men data , so swede is right . 
  ehh ... today 's children , they grow up so quickly . 
  yeah , but it would sound funny ... 
  i think , i mean i am not sure anymore . 
  in polish it would be a correct way to write it since our language is illogical ( like we have double negations etc ) . 
  how about english ? 
  so a war is less dangerous than a travel ? 
  care to back it up with some data or anything , or it is just like ... you opinion man ? 
  if you use it in php , i will call the police on you . 
  i replied to wrong post . 
  hey , someone has to defend the country . 
  i know , i know but i couldnt find a link to it . 
  i plying being homogenious is a bad thing . 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ i like it to stay that way . 
  i wouldnt say so . 
  it depends , if you are not history oriented ukrainians are very like here . 
  let 's be honest . 
  voting pis is voting for kaczynski and one thing is sure with him , he wont support muslims in here . 
  i am considering it too , but yeah this 70 bilion pln bullshit discourages me to . 
  lol , at best lad . 
  of course , eu doesnt give us money . 
  i think you didnt read my whole post . 
  eu invests in polish highways to transport products through here . 
  t also.t he bigger purchase parity we have , the more german products we can buy . 
  again , the more things we can import ( we have 20 % import from germany , when germany has 2 % import to poland !, 
  we are completly dependednt on germany ) dont say you believed those are just free money . 
  it was an exchange , deal we took , we gave up our businesses and people for this . 
  oh okey , title was a bit misleading . 
  so murricans dont take them , they just support this idea ? 
  wow , eu policy didnt kill this child , it killed many others ( like in this truck in austria ) but they did n't make this good pictures of those children . 
  so it is okey . 
  we dont see a tragedy , it isnt happening . 
  ( keep in mind you are talking with two poles ) we are supporting free movement of people - of course . 
  but it is individual countries ' decission to be a part if this movement . 
  if you dont want to be a part of it dont be . 
  if you want to deport poles , do . 
  i , in opposite to you , do n't tell you how to govern your country . 
  why would you care about poland ? 
  this is my whole point , you wouldnt and you shouldnt . 
  again , if you dont want to be in free people movement zone with poles , leave the zone , kick out poles , it is your country . 
  we want to help refugees , we dont want them in our country . 
  why helping should mean accepting them into one 's borders ? 
  if you are okey with so many of them , visegrad group countries will pay your country for those refugees as long as they stay in tour country , in your borders . 
  you dont seem to mind accepting them , we dont seem to mind paing for them . 
  it is a win-win , yes ? 
  will you take this deal ? 
  also , do n't bullshit me with this eu acceptance of love . 
  this might work in your countrymen , not with me . 
  eu needed cheap workforce and markets they could sell their products to . 
  we sacrificed 3 milion people to eu countries as cheap labour workers and we sold our companies mostly to germans . 
  eu is n't a charity for countries , if believed so , well that 's awkward . 
  now eu builds infrastructure here not because eu loves us , but because it wants to expand . 
  ( that is why for example a highway germany-ukraine will be finised in a year ),
