  meaning we saved them , how much more can we contribute to those middle eastern countries ? 
  next thing in germany there are almost none refugees , most people there are migrants . 
  refugee flees from war area to safe area , between syria and germany there are few safe countries . 
  those people not flee from war , they emmigrate to live in germany . 
  their aim is germany as you saw in this ama . 
  moral obligation . 
  i have moral obligation to protect poles first , europeans next than some other countries . 
  i wont risk us getting terrorised , like germany is by turks and kurds . 
  and again for the milionth time . 
  accepting refugees isnt only way to help them . 
  turkey is also more similar to syrians than any european country . 
  help us by investing pls, 
  this isnt our war . 
  we can help in other ways , like paying countries which are more culturally similar ( like turkey ) money for maitaing those refugees . 
  i wont risk isis bombing my country to help syrians in a way germany says us . 
  accepting them isnt an only way to help them . 
  you dont endanger your family to help some unknown person . 
  same logic applies to refugees . 
  if frau merkel has no problem with her citizens dying in terrorists attacks or in turko-kurdish fights it is no problem of ours . 
  we warned you . 
  germany doesnt deserve this faith . 
  wait . 
  are you asking me for a permission for that ? 
  it is your country , you decide about its future . 
  i think it is obliged by nato 5 article . 
  we told you so . 
  it had to be like this . 
  instead of investing in muslims you could have invested in eastern poland . 
  merchant.jpg everything according to the plan . 
  his orginal speech saying that we will focefully impose on us solidarity . 
  http://youtu.be/vqdr2ebuzmk i wonder what he though about solidarity when german goverment singed north stream agreement tho . 
  i am no nationalist and i know that germany has an army , well prepared and this is the problem . 
  again , nationalist ? 
  is this your argument ? 
  calling me names and categorizing me ? 
  wow , low . 
  you elected him , meaning you share his thinking . 
  sorry , corrected . 
  sure martin schulz threates my country to use force against it and you expect me to give this german a right to control armies of europe . 
  no thanks . 
  which exactly, 
  only this in warsaw . 
  stop cyring . 
  of course radicals get upset first but it doesnt mean that all members of a march were radicals . 
  i would go to warsaw if i had a chance , doesnt make me one . 
  we just like protesting about problems , it is polish thing you would n't understand . 
  citizens hold the power in country by electing ther representatives . 
  are you basing your opinion on actual data or on some spanish data which has nothing to do with us ? 
  wow , people walked on the streets loudly . 
  we should ban walking on the streets . 
  or ban screaming on demonstrations . 
  give me a break , this is just ridiculous . 
  i dont have time for this . 
  no , exactly the opposite . 
  he said only about syrians , he didnt specify which religion . 
  so accepting only christians is still in accordwnce with it . 
  you seem to really want to go to onr marches . 
  do you love them this much ? 
  hey , follow your dreams . 
  they are recruting most likely somewhere . 
  i wasnt in warsaw today , i did not scream anything . 
  pope said about helping syrians as far as i know . 
  i have nothing against christan syrians . 
  they screamed ` polska katolicka ' ?!, 
  wow i am calling the police as we speak . 
  how dare they , just go on the streets and use freedom of speech , not insulting any group of people . 
  doesnt matter that our country was formed by one event in 966 . 
  my hands are shaking from anger i am experiencing right now . 
  w-what a bunch of racis they are !, 
  oh dont worry you wouldnt feel more safe almost anywhere else . 
  but if you want may i suggest japan ? 
  how many poles made terrorist attacks in the west ? 
  because i can point out few muslim ones . 
  but it doesnt matter again . 
  i am not telling you how to govern your country , you shouldnt tell me how should i govern mine . 
  wait . 
  i do n't think you know how independent countries work . 
  if you commit a crime on country 's territory you are under its jurisdiction and your country is allowed to persecute those people . 
  not mine . 
  what do you expect us to take responsibility for your police and court system ? 
  it is your country , your territory and your jurisdiction . 
  do you even know why are people are put in jail , because there are few reasons why . 
  one of which is to fulfil a need of justice in a society , the criminal hasnt done anything against my society , he harmed yours . 
  agan , if your country thinks that poles take more than give , kick them out . 
  what do you want from me , an aproval ? 
  again , your country . 
  if you prefer muslims to christians it is your choice . 
  but you know you are just a guest in the uk ? 
  they made a deal with you and you accepted it . 
  you pay taxes and you stay there and they allow you to have a better quality of life . 
  again . 
  if you arent a citizen of uk you are just guest there . 
  i answered to the same question in this thread . 
  yes you should . 
  are serious right now ? 
  denmark is your country , not mine . 
  you deicde about it . 
  you decide who is welcomed there . 
  you are danes and it is your country . 
  poles are our responsibility , if you dont want them we will accept them back .
