  they are our people , our family . 
  we value our family over some muslims from africa . 
  i just accept sovereignty of other countries . 
  400 000 ukrainian immigrants this year , but i dont think they will stay . 
  most of them will earn some money and come back i guess . 
  as said above , marches like this attract radicals . 
  not everyone is a radical . 
  but dont believe me , read the article and what godson said about racism here . 
  he knows this country , he has children and a wife here . 
  you care about your brother before your neighbour . 
  if accepting your neighbour to your home might harm your brother you do n't accept your neighbour to your house . 
  there is nothing bad about it . 
  you have reponsibilities towards your closer family first , like we do towards poles . 
  i saw asylum houses burned most likely by germans in germany , germans fighting other germans for those immigrants . 
  i have seen the fights between 2nd-3rd generation of turks and kurds in your country . 
  i dont want it here . 
  of course , if they are willing to work on equal terms and adjust to our culture . 
  we will be happy to host them . 
  you might find him interesting , he is a member of our parliment https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson, 
  deport them all . 
  every single one . 
  they are our people and our responsibility . 
  it is your country , you can deport whoever you want from it . 
  yeah i know , and ? 
  if you are talking about immigrants in poland most of us will think about ukrainians . 
  sure , because they are the most upset group . 
  it doesnt mean that all people are their followers , most of them i belive just came there to express their dislike towards islam in europe . 
  i would go there too if i were living in warsaw . 
  it doesnt mean i am radical . 
  stop generalising them all if you may . 
  some people behave inproperly but it doesnt mean that it is all of them . 
  remeber that those kind of marches attract people who might be radical . 
  what an impressive soon to be construction site in the front !, 
  but it positive message ... for us . 
  stoping islam in europe sounds good to poles . 
  we lost 3 milion people only since 2004 . 
  how much gdp can 3 milion people create in 10 years , more , less than eu gave us ? 
  truly democratic union, 
  we are not ready for enrichmet yet . 
  which article exactly ? 
  everyone is so eager to bash hungarians , while noone helps them . 
  i 'd say that hungarian gov and their police should be seen as a rolemodels how to behave in crisis like this . 
  it is n't wise to add here arricle in polish since most people wont be able to read it anyway . 
  but yeah , this was a really big news yesterday . 
  most newspapers implied that this politician will use a military force to force on us those immigrants . 
  for many people immigrants were n't this bad , but german politician threatened eastern europe to use military against us unless we didnt accept them is a big deal . 
  i would expect anti immigrarion attitudes to grow . 
  also , especially now i hope that eu will provide additional security measures for those immigrants because now , for many , it isnt about helping but about foreign power imposing their will by military on us again . 
  and him being from germany doesnt help . 
  this . 
  respect , guys . 
  i did , i posted 4 links . 
  i have posted you sources , i know that you dont have yours so you will keep on ignorig my sources and/or prelonging this conversation . 
  to which i can not agree . 
  so this is my last post if you would be able to support your statements . 
  sources for bias agaist muslims in sweden of course . 
  just what i expected . 
  stop shifting the discussion upon the quality of sources . 
  post yours . 
  of course it does , the second sentence says so . 
  okey , if you want more sources here you go . 
  http://www.frontpagemag.com/point/175434/1-4-swedish-women-will-be-raped-sexual-assaults-daniel-greenfield http://www.geocurrents.info/geography-of-crime-and-punishment/misleading-murder-and-rape-maps-and-the-the-sweden-rape-puzzle http://conservativepost.com/all-americans-need-to-see-why-sweden-is-the-new-rape-capital-of-the-world/ now i wait for yours . 
  even if we talking about only convicted people i want too see this bias of yours , because your will be trying to nagate all the sources not to post yours . 
  stop postponing and provide proofs for your statement . 
  so i wait . 
  show me what are you basing it on . 
  oh okey , in article you can find . 
   in sweden , muslim immigrants account for 5 percent of its population but commit 77 percent of its crime . 
  sweden 's `` rape crisis '' is a direct result of an influx of muslim `` asylum seekers . '' it doesnt say about conviction anywhere . 
  you should call the washington times and verify its information . 
  i based my post on this part which implies that those crimes are commited , if you disagree with it as i said above report it to the washington times . 
  your turn . 
  and your proofs for this are where exactly ? 
  you know tht burden of proof is on you here ? 
  what is more it is really hard to make 75 % from 5 % of society . 
  bias means a delicate lack of objectivity , making 75 % from 5 % should be investigated by un , you should report it to the international organisations if you have proofs for it . 
  nice name calling . 
  you know in my country what you just did means that i won a conversation , because you lack arguments switching to ad personam ones . 
  thanks for the discussion . 
  i just want to agree on one thing . 
  do you state that any of those sources are incorrect ? 
  lying ? 
  i just want we are on the same page here , mboth knowing that 5 % of muslims commit over 75 % rapes in sweden ? 
  because it see , s that you want to cover those stats with individual cases which dont matter in bigger picture . 
  that is why i want i asked questions that are above . 
  where did i say we didnt . 
  you are free to make your decissions , i am free to criticise your hipocrisy ( which i am doing by making this thread ) . 
  stop whining and accept you just didnt spot it . 
  this is not your problem . 
  accepting them back is our problem and we will deal with it . 
  it is not about hating on russia , it is about you telling us ( irrelevant postcommie shitholes ) what real solidarity is . 
  thats all . 
  deport all poles if you dont want them . 
  it is your country to decide about . 
  our retirement system will collapse without those people , we need them . 
  kick them out and we will take them back . 
  i bet our goverement will even pay you for this . 
  they are our people and our responsibility . 
  oh i have to disagree . 
  in 70s sweden got hit by muslim immigration .
