  so again , racism is foreign concept to us and this is n't only [ my ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_godson#views_on_racism_in_poland ) opinion . 
  and again , you are taking your bullshit and impose it onto different societies , accusing me of god knows what . 
  w-what ? 
  where did i write anything about the race ? 
  stop projecting your problems onto europe , for racism to develop you need to have different races on a territory . 
  poland is almost exclusively white , racism is foreign concept to us , taken mostly from murrica . 
  seriously what the fuck did i just read ? 
  how ignorant and uneducated about other nations and cultures can you be ? 
  actually i have to disagree . 
  what orban is doing is integrating europe in contray to germany which is breaking our unity . 
  orban erects the wall to defend our lifestyle and culture from the alien to us one . 
  the country that invited alien to european culture is to blame . 
  i also like how they present us with the hungarian pm  viktor orb\u00e1n , the country 's authoritarian and nationalist leader and merkel  merkel has played a much more positive role in the refugee crisis i do love smell of objectivity in thhe morning . 
  this . 
  even here only like 30 % people go to church every sunday . 
  religion is a private thing and i dont really know what being ideal means . 
  but again being catholic is more like culture thing here than religion itself ( catholic church kept our culture live during numerous occupations etc so many people consider it as a place to go when times get shitty ), 
  why the fuck americans keep on projecting their problems onto europe ? 
  this never stops to amaze me . 
  you think that divisions are mostly about race or religion while igoring that most wars in europe where between nations . 
  ehh , no need to get upset . 
  those ridiculous threads are here everyday made mostly by germans . 
  the fact stays the same , there is no deal yet nothing to get upset about . 
  the deal if made will be published before voting . 
  germany on suicide watch right now , watch it live on nbc . 
  what phobias exactly ? 
  i have no phobia , just preference . 
  have you seen muslims fighting muslims like kurds fight turks in germany in poland ? 
  nope , we are safe society because we have no internal tensions . 
  i am happy with conflict free homogenious societies like mine . 
  the point two , why ? 
  basing on what ? 
  this is the first time since when xix/xx century ? 
  when china outgrew us ( now in gdp ppp ) and now they are expanding . 
  soviet union was built on communism which everyone knew was just imaginary concept , while china is trying to be as free markety as it gets . 
  economy was the weakest part of ussr and it is he strongest element of chineese growth . 
  i wouldnt compare those two . 
  english education, 
  you are for now , but you are sadly losing your position step by step not only in the uk but also in the word . 
  china has been expanding in east asia for years ( hence aiib ) , now they are apporaching europe . 
  i have a feeling that americans won so many times that they do n't see the threat anymore . 
  i thought vietnam made a bigger impact on you . 
  as i agree with you , i can also admit that new silk road is still very distant concept . 
  there is no deal yet , only negotiations ... 
  zjednoczona lewica means united left wing and sld ( democratic left ) is a part of it . 
  with korwin it is more difficult , since he is like ron paul on [ steroids ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uptbiqeow94 ), 
  pretty fine . 
  uptill education on university , since poland is poor shithole we can not afford to maitain world class unis but otherwise it is [ okey ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/pisa-mathematics.jpg ) i have to disagree with other redditiors in here . 
  school should be effective first than fun . 
  countries and economies do n't develop on fun . 
  this , we are almost exclusively right wingers , but here we are divided by an outlook on economy . 
  ( what is more elections are in a week ) pis ( christian socialists , most likely they will form a goverment , they are just like orban on christian steroids , pro american party ) po ( centrist , less socialist than pis , less caring about the church , present goverment , pro german party ) psl ( farmer 's party , the oldest postcommie party in poland in polish parliment ) nowoczesna and korwin ( free markety parties ) zjednoczona lewica ( colalition of parties which some are postcommie + smaller left wing parties , only left wing party with chances to enter a parliment in a week , socialist , bit pro russian ), 
  oh noes some left wing media will dislike us , feeling low on self esteem huh ? 
  so compare them to the previous goverment before them . 
  it is not pis job , postcommies did it , pis fights commies the most in here . 
  sure , so what ? 
  the growth before and after pis was very similar , they did not damage economy more than po . 
  we do n't mention his name in here , he was like polish voldemort but with aids . 
  killing civilians = polonisation ? 
  you mean that if we skaughtered those ukrainian people before instead it would be on the same level of wrong ? 
  not really no , also depending on what we will chose this part of europe will be pretty neat . 
  meaning if we postpone history talks after the end of the world this what you said is irrelevant . 
  sure sure , but problem is that remember that ukraine is in a war . 
  they have not very much to look upon . 
  they have bigger concerns than history talks . 
  this is the problem lad , the main problem in poland concerning ukraine . 
  some people want to help ukraine saying that it would be irrational to demean your national heroes ( since they are always looked upon in wartime ) , because you cant fight russians and fight your history at the same time . 
  other say this is not our business . 
  meaning if ukraine wants to have support they should abadon their heroes ( which for poles are mass murderers ) like germany did . 
  not on the service contract . 
  exactly this , they can not be anything more than cheap workforce , thats the point . 
  they would like ... go to fight for their nation ? 
  since 75 % of them are young males who are able to fight ? 
  somalians are way different culturally than turks or syrians . 
  stereotypes =\\ = xenophobia what are you talking about ? 
  turks live their lifes off welfare ? 
  check how much gdp turks creat in germany . 
  that 's racis . 
  do name calling in your country counts as an agrument ? 
  can you copy me where on earth did i write something about color of a skin ? 
  no i did n't . 
  i said it is rising , it needs to exsit before it rises . 
  acutally she is smarter than you and me , and your post assured me of it . 
  she imports cheap workforce to her country ( like germans do , first turks , than eastern euros , now syrians ) and makes it all about humanity . 
  nice move , i respect her to play europe like this , one needs to have balls to make move like this on this big scale . 
  i stated above that countries ' have stereotypes . 
  this is how the world works and i believe they are irrelevant generally , you on the other hand make an argument of it , so i asked you what should i do about negative stereotypes against poland ? 
  pole has a negative plumbing inplication in france and car stealing in germany . 
  where should i put a motion for reparations , to their goverments ? 
  nah , just irrelevant parts . 
  i think you are missing the point . 
  i started this discussion and you replied to my point . 
  i ca n't miss my own point . 
  so you family was like this so everyone is like this . 
  nice forcing xenophobia onto poles . 
  i hope godson or vietnameese community agrees with you tho . 
  you meant like nothing compared to last months ? 
  no everyone knows that muslim culture has nothing to do with saudi arabia . 
  of course it does , how many attacks were here before and after syrian crisis ? 
  it has been several times when i saw article here about attacks on muslims in poland , this scale was unknown here before syrian problem .
