  it took you 15 years to accept us to eu after communism was over . 
  thanks, 
  is this like your argument or what ? 
  she isnt an asshole , her duty is to protect her narion for all costs . 
  i-i just have no real arguments . 
  i-i disagree . 
  i will call everyone xenophobes and see what happens . 
  :( everyone knows you have nothing if you use ad hominem against eveyone . 
  yup this and they are no youths anymore, 
  can you provide me with an exact article of your constitution ? 
  are we all pretending to be naive now ? 
  similar case was few decades ago when germany accepted turkish people . 
  than they accepted eastern europeans . 
  now they accept syrians . 
  it is called cheap labour force that enpowers big factories every day for you to drive in a nice german car and shop for low price in lidl . 
  you wrongly assume that chancellor merkel does deliberate harm to her nation . 
  she does not in a longer term , german economy requires those people to survive . 
  mrekel is smarter than most of us here , dont underestimate her . 
  why wo n't they go away ? 
  they can be deported and they should be deported since refugee convention doesnt protect them . 
  1951 refugee convention  article 31  refugees unlawfully in the country of refugee  1 . 
  the contracting states shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  directly from a territory , they stop being protected when their feet stand on turkish soil . 
   when russia comes wat ? 
  eu is not a military union like nato . 
  two completely different bodies , what are you talking about ? 
  eu was established for economical reasons and now it serves as a german hub to distribute muslim immigrants ( yes not refugees as they stop being them in turkey ) . 
  btw in 39 noone came to help us , since than illusion of being helped does not exist in my nation . 
  with refugees imposed on them against their will ? 
  refugees and what is proven that among them are isis members ? 
  go risk your country getting bombed . 
  are you serious ? 
  they would need to gather representation for like 170milion people . 
  i like your view on democracy , i think it was b.franklin who said that `` democracy is when 2 wolves and a sheep decide what they are going to eat for a lunch '' . 
  if you think that democracy can justify everything remind me again how was nsdap elected ? 
  germany created this problem , this invitation for syrian was n't given by us , we are not responsbile for those people . 
  what conversation ? 
  the conversation when eu forcefully distributed refugees ? 
  i dont remember conversation about that , i can just recall forced quotas . 
  thank you left wing for briging radical nationalism to europe again . 
  do n't get your hopes too high , lukaszenka is known for balancing between eu and russia to get most of russian support . 
  i am okay with that . 
  i wonder why i have n't seen any articles describing rape problem in asylum houses , only those blaming evil nazi germans . 
  what country would that be ? 
  so we will need to accept western christian immigrants soon ? 
  l-let just ignore stats and paste a funny picture . 
  i think that with tvn going into murrican hands you are still incorrect . 
   poland : 90 % of media outlets controlled by [ who could have guessed ] german corporations simply not true . 
  a lot meaning how many ? 
  do you have any stats proving what you said or this is just like ... you opinion man ? 
  i liked how germans say that their goverment has nothing to do with private business when angela advocates for this deal on every step . 
  [ just like she did with nord stream 1 ] ( http://www.zimbio.com/photos/angela+merkel/guenther+oettinger/merkel+medvedev+inaugurate+nord+stream+gas/jf7lfq34c_g ), 
  [ here ] ( http://orig02.deviantart.net/69af/f/2013/031/5/e/5ecab35d6a7b5d6b5bdd606a947fdf21-d5tcg65.png ) you go !, 
  i could [ say ] ( http://www.polishjews.org/maps/partit3.gif ) very similar thing . 
  oh so your chancellor launching nord stream 1 was just simply a coincidence ? 
  boy those heads of goverements appear everywhere by accident . 
  and the russian officials surely werent politicians . 
  and i was worried . 
  we lost 3 milion people to immigration , mostly to your country . 
  how much gdp can 3 milion people create in 11 years , more , less than eu gave us ? 
  the real deal was an open market . 
  i blame warsaw for everything every day . 
  krakow master race . 
  i am afraid we are too incompetent to lead anything . 
  but honestly , i do n't think eastern europe is strong enough to pull this off without external help . 
  i am very sorry that this schengen thing did n't work out for you , this shows a true unity of eu . 
  cheers . 
  european comission and meps were sceptical of this new nord stream [ pipeline ] ( http://neurope.eu/article/meps-skeptical-of-plans-to-expand-russias-nord-stream/ ) so i bet german lobby might sent juncker to secure the deal . 
  shit . 
  it is no laughing matter . 
  germany holds eastern europe econimically speaking . 
  they go down = we go down . 
  germans go nazi when ? 
  i need to prep my bunker . 
  poland said yes , our goverment said otherwise . 
  we have elections in 2 weeks , poland will decide again hopefully . 
  also , we did n't sacrifice our culture this is completely different thing since other v4 countries often made pro russian decissions against us and never cared . 
  in business we can encounter either equal parties or the situation that the one party is dominant and the other is submissive . 
  also , in business people care about the business not dicks in marble . 
  so what you think which is pm of italy , dominat or maybe submissive ? 
  he represents 60 milion country after all . 
  i can talk about poland , but . . we do n't sell our heritage in here . 
  we are not ashamed of it , people died to allow me to live in my country , i would n't sell their lifes and sacrifices for some saudi money . 
  this applies also to things they created like an art . 
  sad times we live in , when europeans are ashamed of their culture . 
  just that . 
  oh he is trying every year to supress the opposition . 
  sadly it might be just better than what we have now . 
  actually faz is a pretty good source of information . 
  what cenzorship ? 
  to publish a deal , there needs to be a deal in a first place . 
  negotiations are always secret . 
  i am not sure . 
  we will see what will hapen in next months . 
  surely not for our govermental party , but honestly i do n't know . 
  i thought about just throwing blank ballot in . 
  but this pis ( polish version of fidesz ) party has like 35 % -41 % in polls so they might even have a majority soon . 
  there is no [ such ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lea8eue.jpg ) thing as central europe . 
  oh give us a break mate , noone supported our goverment in this and elections are in 2 weeks . 
  kaczynski party is most likely to be elected this time , they are orban on christian steroids .
