make money , not war . 
  smells like / int / here, 
  id love to visit some employment office in norway !, 
  im so glad that norwegians kept their heads cool and were really reasonable about this . 
  also , people of krakow recently voted if their city should apply to host winter olympic games . 
  luckily , they voted no , mainly for economical reasons , realizing that most of the sports objects that would have to be built for this event would be financial black holes . 
  its so good to hear that there are still people who can consider all the pros and cons of these ` opportunities ', 
  i am surprised that there were people from the west who wanted to spend a year in russian schools . 
  whenever i see these kind of charts , i immediately think of that game of thrones scene where robert compares multiple armies to one . 
  cant blame people for hoping , can you . 
  i am not ridiculous . 
  i dont think syria will agree to any airstrikes . 
  so basically , russia is defending isis on the international scene . 
  seems we have a new axis of evil . 
  finland confirmed as the fifth column of the eu . 
  so , about that missile shield ... 
  are scottish people pro or against the eu ? 
  i dont think poland and britain are intertwined in any way . 
  the reason why such a large amount of poles went to the uk to work is the language , not some historical friendship . 
  british and polish people have different mentalities , and even a different approach to the question of unifying europe . 
  it seems that respecting a treaty that russia had already broken is more important than safety of allied countries . 
  its sad that we will remain second category members . 
  i envy those russian soldiers , who wouldnt want to go on vacation driving a tank ? 
  if you are useful and contribute by paying taxes , then welcome aboard . 
  if you arent , then go back where you came from . 
  i think that is the only fair way of dealing with this issue . 
  certain nato members dont want nato bases in easternmost members . 
  wouldnt it be possible to create such bases not within the nato framework but as a result of an agreement between two countries ? 
  i read no russian propaganda . 
  russia attacked because of the new , pro european government in ukraine . 
  its a punishment and a way of forcing the country to stay as a russian satelite . 
  poland wants nato troops . 
  romania wants nato troops . 
  poland is in nato . 
  romania is in nato . 
  i think you need to look at the broader picture - nobody expected the changes in ukrainian government that led to this war in the first place so there wasnt any reason why there would be an armed conflict in europe . 
  as i said earlier , i can not discuss the effectiveness of anything since it is not something i have knowledge of . 
  but in my opinion a country has every right to create defensive mechanisms that would prevent an attack - in any form or shape - or make such attack less successful . 
  if such system is viewed as a threat by another party , then it just proves that it achieves its goal . 
  i guess we will have to agree to disagree . 
  but where is the proof ?!? 
  sarcasm aside , nobody is going to die for ukraine . 
  noone wants to risk an open war with a country that has nuclear weapons and is unpredictable - yes , i think russia is unpredictable , who wouldve expected a war in europe a year ago ? 
  instead , i think eu should respond in a way that is proportional to what russia is doing - sending troops would be too much , but i think we should send them weaponry , train their troops and provide them with economical aid . 
  i dont think that building defensive systems which make you less vunerable to a nuclear strike is the same as upsetting nuclear balance . 
  but should the other side think that it is , i think we should strive to achieve similar capabilites as those who might potentially threaten us . 
  i am not gon na discuss whether or not such shield would be an effective defense mechanism since i am not educated in this field . 
  i simply think appeasement is the worst thing to be done . 
  in my opinion , we cant resign from defensive systems just because they might anger russia . 
  if , in case of their aggression , we want other allies to help us , we should prove to them that we did everything we could to protect ourselves . 
  since it causes so many disagreements , eastern nato members should purchase or develop such system on their own , not as a part of the nato framework . 
  other alliance members wouldnt be able to block it and our safety would be improved . 
  are there gon na be green people in bulgaria now , wanting to liberate all these monuments ? 
  ` and we are able to attribute them to an aggressor nation ' but those are just ` local patriots ' !, 
  they should fine beggars as a penalty . 
  probably those that are too far away for russia to invade, 
  you of becomings honorary polan now . 
  i think eu should , but cant , become a single country . 
  there are just too many differences - language , culture , national egoisms , economical differences . 
  can you imagine how dissatisfied public opinion would be in germany or france if their tax money was spend on creating jobs in poland or romania ? 
  separatists are russian forces . 
  why are they unable to collect taxes , provide social security , education , medicine , order ? 
  because they are being attacked by a stronger country . 
  ukraine had no trouble of doing these tasks in peacetime . 
  following this thought pattern , stronger countries can simply invade weaker ones just because of their military advantage and then say ` in a practical sense , country x does not have any control over this area . 
  all their bases are belong to us . ', 
  and then we are back to 16th century . 
  just because they arent strong enough to fight off this aggression doesnt mean that it ceases to be a lawful part of ukraine . 
  would it be so shocking to acknowledge that ukrainian people have the right to decide about their country without russia interfering ? 
  im not saying you cant , i just think that a joke repeated as often as this one is , just ceases to be amusing, 
  even if there was no document stating ` we are declaring a war against you ' , it was very clear who is who in the conflict , what do they want to achieve . 
  nobody was hiding their colours , pretending to be someone different . 
  not too soon , it just ... kinda gets old , i think . 
  these situations are in no way relevant to what happens in ukraine at this moment . 
  also , they led to openly declared wars , which is another difference from what we are witnessing . 
  okay , if one countries military enters another country without its permission , doesnt that mean war ? 
  or did it change at some point ? 
  isnt russia more dangereous than , for example , iran at this point ? 
  i think russia has become the most unpredictable rogue state in the world . 
  perhaps the russian nation just doesnt need freedom ? 
  a bully is not gon na stop if hes left unopposed . 
  russia does not get to ` allow ' what other states do on their own territory . 
  not anymore . 
  in my opinion , the sooner uk leaves , the faster eu integration will be able to progress . 
  imagine the social outrage !, 
  lets agree to disagree, 
  he is speculating , not stating a fact . 
  if a polish institution proposed such changes , they would be immediately dismissed as ` russophobia ', 
  afair something like this was done recently with lithuanian cheese, 
  ` please come in , our gulag camps need you ', 
  forgive me for expressing myself in a confusing manner . 
  reliable source ? 
  interesting . 
  source ? 
  i wonder if/when ukrainians are going to begin launching guerilla attacks against the aggressors . 
  dear europeans , lets all express our concern . 
  it seems russian troops are already there . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  surely , it is another provocation from ukrainian facists . 
  it is obvious , that russian military was merely conducting a routine exercises when a ukrainian jet deliberately flew straight into russian rockets path .
