how could anyone downvote this hilarious 70s masterpiece ? 
  in fact , some of the dschinghis khan 's songs were even made into finnish versions . 
  moskau became [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/jt_v41ao39w ) . 
  i know i will . 
  mostly joking , but check the helsinki metro map . 
  and the current extension to espoo is badly delayed and new problems keep popping up . 
  although i think that 's the universal standard . 
  nothing 's ever ready in time . 
  we ca n't build our subways even without anything blocking the way though . 
  which is incidentally good for bitcoin . 
  i 'd say if i ever heard of it . 
  i 'm absolutely against tearing down anything older than 150 years . 
  it 's far older than the victorian era though , apparently it was built in the 1500s . 
  edit : a word, 
  quite frankly , it looks rather nice . 
  i 'm quite fond of old buildings like this . 
  shame if they 'll demolish it . 
  fdf is hardly a joke . 
  besides , why would it even get cheaper in nato ? 
  we already use only 1,37 % of our gdp on defence , which is already below the nato recommendation . 
  and if we were to go the professional army route , you can take a look at sweden and see what they managed with a far higher budget . 
  spoiler : pretty much nothing . 
  and just for context , i support finland joining nato , while keeping the conscription . 
  i 'll have to visit there some day . 
  to be fair , the original one of yours was n't a shining beacon of a properly constructed argument either . 
  it was merely a statement without any sources . 
  that old man really has his sideburn game on . 
  every fucking thread . 
  do you really believe that the state of finland , for example , trains 21k men into different branches of military per year just to extract labour of them ? 
  if that 's the reason , it 's a pretty shitty way to profit of your citizens . 
  [ provide proofs . 
  that 's still just 4gb . 
  i can get unlimited lte , calls and texts for just over 20 $ . 
  what kind of a third world internet providers do you have in germany ? 
  it 's not about the lenght , it 's about sending a message . 
  do n't really know , municipal governments are n't * that * frantic . 
  direct vote in finland . 
  in the first round if one candidate gets over 50 % , he/she becomes the president . 
  if not , there will be a second round , where the top two of the first round will be the candidates . 
  also true . 
  i guess people are more fond of modern architecture these days . 
  i 'm not , but what can you do ? 
  if there was a demand for such beautiful buildings i 'd become an architect just to drive forward the cause . 
  i mean , it 's a fairly clean and orderly place with quite beautiful old architecture . 
  i live 30 min biketrip from the centre and still enjoy walking around and just looking at the old buildings . 
  the city survived ww2 remarkably well . 
  to be fair though , i value old specific style architecture disproportionally much when rating cities . 
  perhaps by a straight line . 
  and that 's precisely why the darned creatures do n't roam europe today . 
  finland 's suicide rate is about the same as belgium 's . 
  it 's not topping the lists like some seem to believe . 
  secondly , how many cities with a metropolitan population of one million attract more people than new york and london ? 
  it 's not going to happen even if we lowered the taxes to abysmal levels . 
  also on that remark on the basic income , it 's not even in testing phase yet . 
  and if it ever got implemeted , it would probably lower the costs for the state as it would cut out all the different departments that currently give their share of the benefits . 
  i still consider the n9 to be the finest mobile phone nokia or any other company ever came up with . 
  the ui and the hardware design was absolutely glorious . 
  it ruined me , nothing else compares . 
  [ reminded me of this ] ( http://orig15.deviantart.net/94c4/f/2013/260/7/0/words_of_a_butterfly_s_wisdom_by_archertacticalops-d6mqt65.png ), 
  i 'm all for stopping the mediterranean boat migration , but jesus christ . 
  shooting fucking civilian boats . 
  ca n't just tow them back and wreck the ships afterwards if you want to be a bit extreme ? 
  what will you say when your child asks : why did n't you invest in western syria ? 
  it just might have been a joke . 
  well aware of that . 
  where 's the problem though ? 
  i hear jordan is doing pretty well . 
  do n't know , but if i had to guess , some sites ask it to give you localised weather forecasts . 
  hence `` morbid curiosity '' which approximately means `` when curiosity and common sense collide : enquiring further about a subject when you know you really do n't want to know the answer '' . 
  i have my doubts . 
  but as i said , if i could decide we would n't have this problem . 
  however , i find it undeniable that witnessing the current events is interesting . 
  i did n't want this to happen , but god damn if my morbid curiosity does n't want to see how this goes . 
  if the coup was legimate as you believe , this is a great example of the army failing to save the people from themselves . 
   because stalin murdered his own people with feminines . 
  i know , it 's awful . 
  i have no doubt that studying too much german would end me in the most horrific way . 
  i mean , even the article is die !, 
  sorry i had to . . 
  oh yeah , forgot to mention that . 
  luckily it rarely affects the understandability . 
  one can really butcher finnish pronounciation and grammatic rules without making it completely unintelligible . 
  yep . 
  the pronounciations are often a bit difficult to foreigners eg . 
  with consecutive vowels might be a bit of a tongue twister , but once you get that going , you can pronounce every single word of finnish correctly . 
  because the post is sarcastic . 
  they 're probably from the list of 10 ugliest churches in finland . 
  if i were you i would n't ask me , but if i 'd have to say , i 'd say j is pronounced like y in yay or you . 
  as for vowels , i like i in width , u like u in full , o like o in auto , e like a in lake . 
  unless my english pronounciation is terrible , those should suffice . 
  someone better at teaching finnish may chip in . 
  in finnish nearly all words have one-to-one correspondence between letters and sound . 
  for a finn , every word is spoken exactly the way it 's written . 
  letters make the same sound regardless of the word it 's in . 
  i can make up a new word that makes no sense , and every finn will say it the exact same way . 
  there 's zero room for interpretation . 
  well atleast that one looks beautiful . 
  it 's not that pretty , but you sure as hell do n't feel claustrophobic inside the main hall . 
  it 's alright in my opinion . 
  yep .
