  sheth and idra are programmers, 
  i do not watch your stream , but i found the video funny  keep it up, 
  same here, 
  tvz , sometimes it goes incredibly well but sometimes i can t evene think of a way to win . . 
  hehe ,, 
  let 's see :, 
  you were silver in s2 , most pro gamers were diamond at the beta and had a previous experience in war3 or sc bw, 
  you are diamond , not even high diamond , just diamond . 
  meaning you have a hell lot to improve . 
  thinking you will get in one week to masters is being optimistic, 
  you play on the na server which is known to be the worst one . 
  this is not helping to start your career as a pro gamer , but dude , if you have time , if you don t have any cash issues , what the hell , why not try right ? 
  go after your dream kiddo, 
  so . . is huk dating his son right now ? 
  poor moonglade , getting rejected by kelly then robbed by idra, 
  kelly over abused the fact that she 's a girl . 
  you played toss didn t you, 
  lol , try z maybe it will suit you better but be carefull , last pick !, 
  rofl good joke !, 
  nice downvote guys !, 
  before wantin to go to korea he should maybe become a descent player first, 
  agree, 
  lol , i would be so pissed off to loose to this, 
  don t really like the colors . 
  a protoss bitching about warp in , this is just unreal, 
  i shall return the favor sir, 
  i guess i taunted some fanboys qq, 
  ok  if you were on eu i would have enjoyed to play a few games with you , i m high diamond too , waiting to get promoted to masters . 
  yeah well , i get your point . 
  but , imo , practicing only one build is :, 
  1 ) boring , what 's the point seriously to use only one freaking way of playing your race ? 
  where is the fun in that ? 
  i play terran and against p sometimes i play mech/ghost , sometimes 111 sometimes sky terran . . 
  2 ) you won t be able to control perfectly units that you do n't use in your build, 
  3 ) you wo n't be able to react to what you scout . 
  reacting to your opponent way of playing is crucial in sc2, 
  i m practicing my own builds , i m trying them and experiencing myself with them , and i think that in the long run it will benefit me more , i will have a better knowledge of my race and i will have a better reaction skill to the opponent way of playing . 
  but i respect your choice , if you goal is to win 1v1 ladder games and playing mechanicly the same style over and over again . 
  yeah well , i m used to getting downvoted :p i don t really care but ty for the support, 
  make them glowing and the size of a thor . 
  i m listening to the gsl soundtrack, 
  just say, 
  `` thank you , it was a nice game '', 
  so you only invite na players , i will pass then , 
  that 's not very nice, 
  i used to do it . 
  now i poo fast and get back to practicing sc2, 
  holly shit that 's a lot of people, 
  depens of the games , sometimes he goes 2 base ling/roach combo, 
  i was thinking about getting justin tv on my iphone , but it 's too expensive, 
  are you stoned dude , remove stimpack ? 
  hydra with a 12 range ? 
  god, 
  zerg : stephano , very young , very talented player, 
  terran : mma , well mannered solid player, 
  protoss : mana , for the same reason i like stephano, 
  bring youre own booze in water bottles ? 
  or no beverages are passing the gates ? 
  that a was a smart/informative post, 
  he asks to be told he 's bad . 
  yeah well , if they don t check ... 
  i feel buttfucked when i buy food in convetions paying * 3 the usual price so i don t have any remorse sneaking in my own goods , 
  still a freaking huge number of people . 
  damn young nigerians , stealing cash from naive and credule lonely westerners :p, 
  yeah i played rift pretty hardcore for a few months ( not 18h/day but 4 or 5 ) . 
  thanks god i finally noticed that the late game was nothing more than grinding and i stopped after cleaning greenscale , river of souls and every dungeon . 
  hahaha , do you think conventions are setting high prices to compensate this ? 
  they are trying to get the more money they can from people , it 's just business :, 
  giving the facts that there are no supermarkets/small business around and that the convention is a closed venue where we control the retail pricing , what is the maximal price we can get from our goods while keeping the customer ok with it ? 
  do you think that if people were massively buying food from stores in conventions the prices would drop ? 
  nope , the prices would get higher cause it would mean that the maximal acceptance price is n't reach yet and more money can be extracted from the crowd . 
  thank you for your time buddy, 
  my view is based on standard business models , in which i have real life knowledge , yours is a naive customer and convention fan pov . 
  but i do n't know you , i may be wrong , i would be glad you explain it to me with further details and prove me i m wrong about you, 
  ty for the info , a little biased toward huk i find it, 
  yeah me too lol , i think they choosed the wrong word and that they wanted to say that the game didn t have a big impact on the rest of the tournament . 
  but poorly chosen way of saying things . 
  not a fan at all of you , but this was well written and honest i feel . 
  good luck !, 
  who cares ? 
  why are you spamming reddit with this crap about slasher getting shaved , nobody , freaking , care, 
  i laughed, 
  lima or bombay ? 
  i would really be gratefull if you can develop a bit , i m planning travelling there next year, 
  lol, 
  because you would be called a racist if you say so , even if i feel that it is the truth myself . 
  i m an american football player in paris , i never get annoyed but all the times i see bad things happen in the street in paris ( i live there for 3 years now ) it is involving young thugs from north africa . 
  pisses me off, 
  basic knowledge of french culture ? 
  i don t know if you can even call him a pro right now . 
  the guy is a streamer not a pro player, 
  silver or gold probably ^ ^, 
  agreed, 
  i m not talking about state matters but about behaviour of course, 
  hey don t get upset , it s just an observation from the street , you have more chances being mugged and annoyed by north african people , that 's a fact . 
  i have a ton of friends from north africa with who i hang out and have fun , but i see in my daily life guys from the suburbs and from north africa being asshole as well . 
  and :, 
  and you know frankly , the petty crimes of the `` north african '' thugs are not really hurting anyone besides some lost soul losing its ipod ... whereas the jews stealing millions of euros are hurting the economy and creating a mess in europe right now ... 
  tell that to all the people who get stabbed and robbed by those guys , you dumbshit . 
  exactly how i feel about the situation , you won t get mugged by pakistanis , indians or chineese people but mostly by north africans,
