  people ,, 
  i 'm from europe , and i m wondering why i see so many references to atheism and religion in general on reddit ?!, 
  on previous european websites i was on , nobody cared , but here i have the feeling that being an atheist is something original and cool and to be proud of , is there a reason behind this ? 
  hey guys ,, 
  i have a guy in my contacts which is masters and who got himself in bronze to get wins , i watched his historic and all his games last for 15sec max , it 's either wins or looses , how does he do that ? 
  is he cheating ? 
  you can t probe rush and win in 15sec ... 
  here is the link : http://s3.majorleaguegaming.com/2011-orlando-starcraft2-open.html#, 
  my first thoughts : on the upper bracket stephano will most likely face white ra and then thestc : smells goood, 
  painuser will have a hard time tho . 
  destiny will face white ra very soon , might be a fast mlg for him xd, 
  top koreans in lower brackets . 
  so my guess :, 
  bracket 1 : stephano, 
  bracket 2 : polt, 
  bracket 3 : mkp, 
  bracket 4 : alive . . 
  edit : the bracket changed since the moment they were released o_o, 
  hey ,, 
  i fought a guy on a platform in the moutain , a sort of lich king shit that crawled out of a cuffin . 
  after blasting his guts out he give me a mask item which was pretty cool , are there other of them ? 
  i m 35 and have only 2 masks right now ( morokei and this green one he gave to me ) . 
  i also read something about baldur sons or something , so basically , my question is , what are the funny / not story related / difficult boss fights in this game ? 
  i m looking for some challenge . 
  thankksss, 
  hey ,, 
  i 'm a master t , i am at work right now and pretty bored and was thinking about a thing i would like to test . 
  so here is the thing , i like to play mech but i find it pretty 50/50 when playing against a good roach player . 
  or vs descent muta harass . 
  so i was thinking what if :, 
  into fast reactor hellion to keep map control/deny third of z. 
  into hellion/maraudeur push at around 8/9min before mutas pop out . 
  into thor/hellion/maraudeur if only roach + vikings if mutas . 
  into more vikings/ghost if z goes broodlord , more maraudeurs/ghost if infestor/ultra . 
  what do you think fellow terrans/zerg ? 
  do you see any weaknesses ? 
  hey guys just wanted to leave a message for people lurking around daoc . 
  the community is still running . 
  there is a lot of players on the american server ywain , people from europe and us making it a pretty active server at any hour of the day . 
  you level very fastly , i leveled a skald from 1 to 49 in 10h or so , stuffing is pretty easy and u can rvr pretty fast . 
  so if any of you wan na try back , call the hotline if you lost all your account infos then profit from the 14 free days to try it ^ ^, 
  see you ig, 
  hey !, 
  i am going to visit the west coast from the 20 august till the third of september . 
  i know quite well the east coast but it 's my first trip in the west , would you mind giving me your opinion on my schedule ? 
  am i missing something awesome or is it doable ? 
  thank you !, 
  saturday 18 arrival at sf airport, 
  sunday 19 san francisco / sleep : san francisco, 
  monday 20 san francisco / sleep : san francisco, 
  tuesday 21 santa cruz + julia pfeiffer burns state park / sleep : julia pfeiffer burns state park ( camping ), 
  wednesday 22 santa barbara + malibu / sleep : malibu or santa monica, 
  thursday 23 los angeles venice , santa monica , downtown , hollywood bd + go to san diego / sleep : san diego, 
  friday 24 san diego beach + city + surf / sleep : san diego, 
  saturday 25 san diego beach + city + surf + go to mojave national preserve / sleep : mojave ( camping ), 
  sunday 26 mojave + road 66 + flagstaff / sleep : flagstaff, 
  monday 27 grand canyon / sleep monument valley ( camping ), 
  tuesday 28 monument valley fast then zion late afternooon / sleep : zion ( camping ), 
  wednesday 29 zion in the morning + bryce canyon + go to vegas / sleep : vegas, 
  thursday 30 las vegas / sleep : las vegas, 
  friday 31 death valley / sleep : death valley ( camping ), 
  saturday 1 yosemite / sleep : yosemite ( camping ), 
  sunday 2 yosemite go to sf / sleep : sf, 
  monday 3 departure sf airport, 
  hey boys and girls !, 
  i will be driving from la to sf in a 2 days drive to finish my roadtrip in early september and i was looking for a nice place to stay on our last night in the us ( bouhou ) . 
  so first i thought about the julia pfeiffer national park camping but it s full , then i thought about the pigeon point hostel , but it might be a long ride from la no ? 
  do you know any cheap and original place to stay on the coast ? 
  hey boys and girls !, 
  i will be driving from la to sf in a 2 days drive to finish my roadtrip in early september and i was looking for a nice place to stay on our last night in the us ( bouhou ) . 
  so first i thought about the julia pfeiffer national park camping but it s full , then i thought about the pigeon point hostel , but it might be a long ride from la no ? 
  do you know any cheap and original place to stay on the coast ? 
  hey , i started b jui jitsu 2 month ago and some tournaments are coming up next month in my town . 
  i have registred to compete in them ( in the novice/beginer league ) . 
  is it a good thing ? 
  or i might get injured or w/e ? 
  personally i think that every experience is good to get . 
  how did your first tournament go ? 
  i weight 73.5 kg ( 162 lb ) and my coach is matching me every training for randori with a guy who weights 104 kg ( 230 lb ) for w/e reason . 
  no matter how hard i try it 's very difficult to move him , he counters every technique where i have to turn like uchimata , ogoshi , harai goshi . 
  he juste lifts me up in the air . 
  he does n't move much , just grabs me and make me move a bit . 
  is there any way to deal with that kind of opponent ? 
  question in title, 
  hey , i was so pumped to get the game by mail and start playing today . . but . . it does n't work . 
  when i finish the loading after the intro , when i spawn in the jaill , i drop through the texture and all becomes white and i fall until i die . . 
  i turned off aa , i installed dsfix , my drivers are ok . . i do n't know what to do anymore , anyone can help ? 
  hello ,, 
  sorry if it 's an obvious question but i will ask it anyway :p, 
  so , i would like to use the sunlight spear miracle and the dark moon buff , is it possible ? 
  if i get the sunlight spear in ng ( do i really need to kill the last boss to get it ? 
  ) , would i be able to get sunlight spear + dark moon buff in ng + ? 
  thanks !, 
  ow and bonus question : if i kill gwen to get the crown of the dark sun , will i still get invaded easily by dark moon guys in ng + ? 
  hey , i am a pc player and lately i have troubles invoke people to help . 
  when i try to invoke it 's keeps on loading then i have a `` failed to invoke '' message . . 9 out 10 times . 
  i have trouvles on o&s in ng + right now i would appreciate some help from my bros :( sl105, 
  hey fellaz !, 
  i bought a pair of am1 og and i freaking love them . 
  but they are mostly white and they are getting pretty dirty .
