  however i think that you wo n't find anything free . 
  but if you throw a party and ask for , let 's say 5 or 10e for the entrance , you might have enough cash to rent a nice place , like a peniche ( boat ) or w/e . 
  5 or 10e entrance + byob for a nice party is a descent trade . 
  but do it fast , halloween is in one month and all the places might already been booked . 
  also : i want to attend to the party xd, 
  i do n't trust anything coming from foxnews . 
  i hope i am not the only one, 
  problem sir ? 
  well , what i wanted to say is that it 's a risky throw and in most situation it 's not the best way to go , sometimes top judokas might do it and it may still works but you 're not going the easy way if you try this  in my humble opinion . 
  for instance i was wrestling with a guy at my last mma lesson , i have done 8 years of judo , naturally i was thinking judo style and i throwed him a couple of times with uchimata , ogoshi even some simple sweeps , but i did n't find a single opening for a isn . 
  what i am trying to say , is that it 's hard to find a situation where you can throw isn and where it 's actually the best technique to do . 
  my `` never '' might have been a little exagerated , but , it 's a risky move and even if top judokas might pull it out from time to time and in certain situation , it 's not the easy way , in my humble opinion of course, 
  yeah . . still not funny . 
  youtube/tvshows/reading , exercize if you are really full of energy . 
  go to a corner of your room , then run really fast across it and bull charge the wall with your head first . 
  it should put you to sleep , if it fails , repeat . 
  man i found relief and peace in sports . 
  exercize a lot , you will be proud of yourself , you will feel good , confident and healthy and that 's the most important . 
  oh , and do n't do like me , do n't keep contact with her . 
  i was still in a semi relationship with her for 1 year after our breakup and i could n't get her out of my head for another year , talk about being stuck on someone . 
  now i kind of fall in love with someone else and i finally managed to get her out of my hearth . 
  wooot, 
  you take a scalpel , and slice it, 
  keep yourself busy , do n't hang out without anything to do at home cause it 's the best way to get depressed , just move and do stuff . 
  do n't lie in bed like a little pussy ( sorry if it 's crude or rude or w/e ) :d, 
  maybe join the army , depending on how my country decides to react . 
  if not just continue my regular life , i doubt the conflict will come to the place i live and if a nuclear warhead explodes then i guess it 's lights out man . 
  i live in a big city which increase the probabilities i get bitten . 
  but it also increase the quality of loot i can get from outside . 
  i m in excellent shape , training for years , i can run , fight , move things , so i guess i am better prepared than most people , but you never know , when you get cornered in a parking lot by 30 zombies , it does n't matter that you 're a fighter , you just die . 
  just go and try out for one lesson , nobody will judge you , people might go easy on you since you 're new . 
  but do n't go there with a whinny and scared attitude , you have to show that you want some , that you are ready to train hard and that you want to get better . 
  if you are like this nobody will care that you are a noob and people will be nice , give you tips and help you . 
  if you go and slack , always looks down , complain , then nobody will help you . 
  that 's just the way it goes . 
  i 've never been to see the satue of liberty , but to be honest , i really do n't see the attraction . 
  is there anything really that special about a mass of steel framework ? 
  just to add something , it 's a monument , it 's big , it 's not supposed to be romantic , it 's the symbol of paris pretty much , and it was very controversial when it was built . 
  they look to bend into a film clich\u00e9 . 
  paris is kind of a fantasm and a dream to some people , the eiffel tower being its symbol it may occur to some people to propose there , i would not, 
  huh . 
  there is no exhaustive list of what you should do . 
  but i can tell you to try to go on student exchange ( erasmus ) during your studies , i did n't do it cause i was stuck with my gf at that moment , then we break up , and now the only thing i regret from my study years is that . 
  move on , no hope for a long term thing with her . 
  you will just get stuck for years in something with a few good moments and a lot of pain and suffering , not worth it trust me . 
  i am sorry bro , here is a cyber bro fist * fist *, 
  dodge ball party and then a castle with baloons ;, 
  it 's a butt , symbolizing doggystyle . 
  alcohol + `` funny '' activity like swimming pool , ice skating , roller blade , w/e to keep , occupied and avoid awkward silence . 
  if you are good at talking just walk and talk . 
  stalin, 
  i do n't like krav maga at all , just train muay thai and judo/bjj and you will be fine . 
  if you like to put your fingers in eyes/nooses/ears , hit people with guns or sticks , wear camo throusers and act like a wanabee badass then continue krav maga, 
  and i did n't bully anyone neither . 
  i am just a regular normal guy . 
  drake/frank ocean easy, 
  it 's difficult to keep friendship cause feelings are still involved . 
  let it go for the moment, 
  wolfs are cool , unless they try to kill you, 
  maybe alcohol after ice skating , indeed i would n't feel safe riding on knifes while drunk . 
  so do it drunk then , gosh , people love to complain !, 
  edit : ty for the spellcheck , 
  yeah well , i think that if you go to an hardcore show and you step in the pit or chill near it you have to be prepared to some kind of violence . 
  on the other hand i hate getting punched or kicked randomly by morrons . 
  i try to let myself go crazy but without hurting other people . 
  so i do n't complain when i get punched once , i start looking at the dude if get punched or kicked twice , at the third one i try to tell him to calm down or push him hard enough to move him to another part of the pit . 
  what you describe is just a crew of douchebags looking to act tough and searching fights with smaller dudes . 
  a bunch of freaking pussies . 
  i carry the fire, 
  do you like chicken and watermelon ? 
  i know right , i do n't understand this stereotype , i am white and i fu *** ng love watermelon and chicken . 
  try to make him drunk and profit !, 
  hell no . 
  i m coming down to get ya homie , u did n't think i browz reddits yo, 
  when my girl broke up with me she kept my pictures on her wall and a bunch of things we made for 1 year . 
  then she found another dude , and progressivly she took down my pictures and put others . 
  she still have a shelf with lot of stuff from our travels , her new boyfriend calls it `` the altar '' . 
  we are friends now , nothing more . 
  i lived in china for a bit and people were kinda racist toward black people . 
  some of them actually believed that people were black because they did n't wash themselves and were dirty ... 
  to say `` ehhhh '' like when you are hesitating in the middle of a sentence chinese people say `` nigggger '' which is kind of confusing at start ^ ^, 
  for `` that '' i was using `` jiggah '' , i was in beijing, 
  yeah you hear `` niggahh '' all the time, 
  ok fair enough !, 
  thanks for the lesson !, 
  nah it does n't mean the racial slur it 's just that the word is pronoucend `` nahguh '' or `` nayguh '' , it means `` that '' or `` hee '', 
  so yeah , it 's just a coincidence but it 's pretty weird, 
  does this scenario include zombies ? 
  yeah we broke up , was awkward for 2 years ( ocasional hook up , traveling together , holding hands bla bla ) , now it 's prefectly fine she dates another guy , i do n't give a crap and i try to date her best friend cause she 's awesome . 
  still in the process to figure that part out . 
  brains, 
  how much for the whole stock ? 
  not sayin i am taking them but just to know, 
  hey tod , do you have any idea how you career will go in long term ? 
  like , where do u see yourself in 3 or 4 years ? 
  cause materazzi was a huge dbag this day ? 
  the backtrack top looks good, 
  i know where you live ... laumi\u00e8re ... 
  not wait till i am 25 to get good at sports , continue judo at a pro level at the end of high school , not waste all my student years in drinking . 
  what ?
