  in an argument someone said to me last time that france lost world war 1 and surrendered , in reality we won and fought for 4 years with great courage and effort , a whole generations of young french people died in the trenches , many came back badly wounded from this horrible war . 
  so yeah , that 's pretty much why i do n't like this `` joke '' that much . 
  joking about being heavy drinkers/gingers/fat is one thing , joking about being pussies is something else . 
  very nice pircture bro !, 
  this model i awesome , is it buyable somewhere ? 
  thanks you sir !, 
  eating is serious business man, 
  i miss beef jerkey , i could eat that shit all day long, 
  a broodlord skin would be sweet for viper ^ ^, 
  nice interview and interesting points risen by mister mad, 
  good job brah !, 
  why do you all carry weapons with you ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  dat hair , so fluffy , so beautiful, 
  about keepprocrastinatin , there are trolls and morrons everywhere , even in germany you know . 
  educate yourself please . 
  the website you linked is clearly complete bull shit, 
  i am sorry for what happened to you , you must have felt very unlucky coming back to your car and seeing this . . 
  heroin is cheap, 
  yes and it 's more expensive than . . nails . . or flour . . i did n't say there was n't better deals than heroin , still it 's not an expensive drug . 
  gipsies are also into the drug business , i doubt that it 's difficult for them to get it . 
  are you sure it 's in normandy ? 
  most of the fights were in the ardennes and east of france . . 
  u jelly ? 
  cyka mid or feed cyka dbrno pizdek nob, 
  that 's pretty much the only contact i have with russians , on dota 2, 
  i love to use this uchi mata into uchi/kouchi in mma versus wrestlers . 
  simple and effective, 
  lol , browsing the pages of the magazine , random stumble upon a dota 2 related article -  commercial about dota being best game ever . 
  lov 'em , what is the reference ? 
  this is weird . 
  not really good looking , more like a creepy painting . 
  exactly how i wanted it , 
  haha , i 'm not a native english speaker , what would be the correct formulation ? 
  i will , i have a second session the 11 of october and a third one 26 of november , i will post the final result, 
  my leg swear allegiance to canada and my asscheek to the us of a !, 
  yes a very chill guy and very professional, 
  will do !, 
  nice one !, 
  not sure about the roses though , but the princess looks stunning !, 
  just regular authentics/era with some darker tones will do the job . 
  black/grey/denim / brown/camo are all good imo . 
  what the fuck man , did you even read the article ? 
  this photo started the discussion about this ban . 
  nobody said this 10 year old girl posing was good . 
  the game is too old man , i grew tired of it and eventually stopped , sometimes i come back for a month and then stop again . 
  i drove our land rover in the valley down there looking for thorsmork . 
  it was really difficult to drive there , rocks and water everywhere . . 
  saw them yesterday in antwerp , it was fucking great !, 
  drove from paris for this madness : o here is the video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlsemee3mwq&amp;noredirect=1, 
  i like both styles , hardcore dance music can be a lot of fun . 
  hey , what is the reference of the camo parka ? 
  do want, 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't know why , i am a 27y o male with beard and tattoos , but i fucking love to watch people make food on youtube or watch pictures of tasty food . 
  nice picture 's you got there , but as said by solokian , posting this in a more general sub would have been nice . 
  man , his classyness is overwhelming . 
  i do n't know if i can handle it . 
  next post `` justin bieber decided to commit a felony to stay in prison for a month in order to upgrade his street credibility '', 
  i might try it if i do n't find a plugin doing the job for me , 
  thanks a lot , gon na give it a try, 
  i have jetpack installed , so i m gon na see what it offers , if not i will search for another solution , thanks !, 
  ask and you shall receive : http://imgur.com/9ihdont, 
  came back 10 days ago, 
  no one was making any sounds , everybody was just enjoying the moment . 
  i think i was aware that i was living a special moment in my life . . etosha and sesriem were the best sunset i saw . 
  i m kind of concerned about security , especially in mexico city and in honduras/salvador/guatemala . 
  do i have reasons to be ? 
  ok , i hoped that there were ferrys going straight to nicaragua but i guess it 's not possible then . 
  a flight to mexico then one to managua seems to be the best solution . . thanks a lot !, 
  yeah i heard that tijuana was dangerous but that the baja peninsula was ok . that 's why i wanted to ride through it then go directly to nicaragua skipping most of central america ... but if it 's too expensive i will jist flew directly from san diego, 
  well i heard that mexico was dangerous , especially in mexico city . 
  i also read bad reviews about honduras/salvador/guatemala , i would like to avoid this countries if possible , i would n't mind going there if i was a regular tourist , but i will be traveling alone on my bike with all my stuff on me . 
  nicaragua/paraguay and costa rica are not the safest places on earth as well , but at least , from what i read , it 's far better than in the other countries of central america . 
  i never been there , so i am only talking from what i read , i may be wrong , in that case do n't hesitate to correct me, 
  that 's a good thing to read :d, 
  they have troubles staying on the road ? 
  that is a great idea , x-posting there right away !, 
  great , thank you very much this is perfect !, 
  yes , there is small voice in my head telling me the same . 
  the pugsley sure looks good but it will slow me down on the road , and will even maybe put me in danger drawing attention for potential thiefs . 
  surly lht or koga it is then . 
  from what i read , it 's better to take standard v-break , less weight and easier to change, 
  i wo n't buy a bike without trying it out anyway , i m planning to do this : http://worldride.fr/preparatifs/itineraire/ so a good bike seems to be the smarter choice though :p, 
  being a beginner in bicycling i prefer to buy a constructor bike to be sure i am not getting ripped off and having a homogeneous ride . 
  if i was more experienced i would have built it myself i think . 
  thanks so much , i am contacting him right away to ask for his thoughts about his choice, 
  i have one year to familiarize myself with it , i m planning a departure for 2015 . 
  i have a rough idea of what i want , i have done some research , i am looking for some advices though , sorry if it does n't suits you, 
  you got ta start somewhere eventually, 
  thanks for the great comment , now you put another variable into my equation with your s + s coupler :p, 
  thanks for the website , now i have a few dozen hours of additional stuff to read haha, 
  gear related i plan on getting v brakes , a brooks saddle and 26 tires , we 're on the same page , 
  could you please explain to me , if it 's not too troublesome , what is the difference between `` deore '' `` xt '' and `` lx '' gear ? 
  you are absolutely right , steel seems to be a better bet than aluminium . 
  i am living in europe and in my country rivendell does n't seem to be as popular as in the us ... 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  it seems that the general consensus is the lht , 
  well . 
  not the best mitts hitting i saw .
