  this is so true and annoys me beyond limit . 
  why the fuck people are creating threads everyday to worship people like this , milkis etc are cool don t get me wrong but still this is annoying, 
  i hate how casters are always shouting `` huge emps '' `` huge storms '' `` huge fungals '' every time an ability is triggered . 
  or `` oh my god this micro '' when a random t is stiming and kitting a zealot army . 
  i find the koreans tournaments a bit boring . 
  i find annoying worship threads everyday `` destiny/milkis/sheth / tlo/dragon is awesome ! '', 
  i dislike the hatrance on the ladder toward terrans , 50 % of my wins are followed by : `` op race '' `` this is broken '' `` imbalanced build '' , people just learn how to defend a bunker rush or a blue flame drop . 
  no number for jakucha as well :(, 
  breaking a contract isn t a good thing to do , but i find all the people that are saying `` from now on i m anti fan '' `` fuck him '' `` blabla '' very bm and dumb , this guy is 18 and besides we don t know what really happened . 
  stop being so pissed off , complexity made a mistake publishing everything asap on tl , mille could manage this better also , but in the end complexity lost nothing , the player didn t play for them , didn t train in korea etc. . 
  it 's just like nothing happened . 
  for fuck sake let the kid play where he wants to . 
  and for you haters , you never changed ur mind right ? 
  they should make an exemple of you for writing so much bs . 
  you re seriously willing to destroy a kid carrier to `` make an exemple ? '', 
  oh you re getting mad about this ? 
  yeah cause it has such a big influence on your life right ? 
  this means so much to you ? 
  you are ridiculous , beyond any limit , you don t work at complexity , nor in any esport organisation you re just a little hater in his sofa being a hater . 
  the bad apples ? 
  it s a battle about a player not some dumbshit cheating or something , they are figthing to get back a player , it 's people like you who makes it such a big deal . 
  so much drama for nothing, 
  yeah i don t get it neither , people are screaming , shouting and being insanely mad about this , it 's just for who you want to work for . 
  if you say after 2 days at a work that you don t feel comfortable and walk out of the office people wo n't be chasing you with stones and sticks to burn you you know . 
  they will just let you go, 
  what i want to point out is that it 's not such a big deal , yeah in the first place stephano should have never sign anything before being sure . 
  but the proportions this issue is taking are just huge and way too much overated . 
  let the two teams struggle to get the player, 
  my point is that this should not make you mad or furious , you can say that it was not the right way to handle this matter but talking about throwing away bad apples and stuff is clearly over reacting . 
  i love this game , i love to watch esports grow as well , but again this is not your freakin concern , this is a matter between two teams and a player . 
  this stuff should have been handled in privacy and not on international boards . 
  wow great arguments there !, 
  they want to calm down all this beating , i think they really want to talk it true in a right way with col, 
  my bet is :, 
  group 1 ( group of death obviously ) : stephano, 
  group 2 : mc or ryung, 
  group 3 : thorzain, 
  group 4 : mma, 
  pvt matchup being kind of broken i agree ( and i play t , it 's not being biased ), 
  group 3 is very though too you 're right , but still huk and stephano are n't easy guys at all, 
  fuck i can t resist the hurge to laugh at the office . 
  hey men , take it easy and do n't see her ever again . 
  i was in your situation , i ve seen her again , and now it 's a completly fucked up situation :, 
  we see each other from time to time , she invites me to her house , we sleep together , she makes me photoalbums and keep our pictures on the wall but she actually has another boy friend , which hates this situation as well . 
  dunno how to get out of this mess and stuck not knowing what 's happening . 
  so my 2 cents : gtfo and try to get over it as fast as you can , don t text her , don t call her , is she said that she doesn t love anymore , it 's the end time to move on bro , would buy a beer if i was around, 
  lol at the downvotes , hateeers, 
  just to let you know , stephano couldn t play the games so he forfeited, 
  rofl no dark age of camelot , failure, 
  agreed, 
  pw sorry then , didn t notice it, 
  get into freakin masters , stuck at top 8 diamond for a long time right nao, 
  a : comparing destiny to stephano is a disgrace , how can even compare # 1 eu gm to # 70 na gm ? 
  what a freakin douche , lost all respect for protech, 
  hey guys ,, 
  i 'm a t player and i play only mech vs diamond/masters protoss . 
  i tryed bio but i do n't like the gameplay against toss . 
  here how i play it :, 
  i go 1 rax fe with active scouting to scout for a 1 base pressure , 4 gates , blink stalkers or 3 immortal push , in that case i go 4 bunkers with marines and fast siege tank , in case of fe i just expend safely and go triple factorie + double armory . 
  when i grab my third , i tech to ghost and i build some vikings if i scout collo . 
  while harassing and map controlling with hellions . 
  then i push out with a nearrly max army 2/2 and some ghost and if i can get a good engagment it 's gg , sometimes i loose 20 pop when the p looses 100 , it just depends of the army composition and the positioning . 
  if the protoss has a few phenixes , 4 collos , lots of immortals and some gateway units and a good concave it will be hard , but if you catch him while he is spread out and get him into the meat grinding mech push ( you don t have to siege your tanks , unsiege tanks have great dps too ) with descent emps you will crush him . 
  just try to avoid to get into the real late game ( 4 + bases ) where toss will have the upper hand on you because of warp ins , if you don t have a perfect unit composition your army is weak . 
  bomber , boxer , i like the korean id ( not sure about `` curious '' though :p ), 
  funny strat , won t work vs a descent player though, 
  2 years ago when i split up with my gf . 
  since then i don t cry and i don t care about anything anymore , guess it has strenghten my hearth . 
  jealous right here, 
  good luck dude , i wish i could do that, 
  not my favourite caster but a nice guy for sure, 
  i would go with tarson , so we can get drunk and have fun trying to pass ennemy lines, 
  usually i drop a few turrets at every mineral line , and i keep a few marines near the base to get the mutas , with one thor and 2 turrets u can also be safe . . another thing to do is to fight back , when u get muta harassed , drop him and kill tech , he can t defend and harass with mutas at the same time , if you counter him you will also be able to move the conflict/fight to his base which is exactly what you want to do , mutas arent so good in a straight fight , if you target banelings with tanks your marines will shred the mutas . 
  in conclusion , in case of mutas harass , don t focus only on defense but strike back , focusing on defense is exactly what the zerg want you to do in order to expend everywhere and macro up , if you look at replays you will see that when mutas pop , he will drone very hard and get a few bases usually , you can t let it happen never let a zerg feel safe, 
  play games and watch streams of tournaments , usually it 's on week ends so it s easy to follow and very entertaining . 
  nrxt big one is ipl in 10 days, 
  stephano all the way !, 
  if kas is matched against stephano in the early stage i think he will be very pissed , he always loose vs him very early in the tournaments :p, 
  yeah that is the point , make him come back to his base and leave you alone . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  ok then , it 's a choice , i choose to not let the zerg full map control and free expos even if i loose a few drops, 
  socke lost 0 - 2 to stephano in dignitas invitational this week end if i recall correctly ^ ^ but you never know , i have the feeling socke is not in his best shape right now though, 
  stop buffing toss ty , and stop nerfing mech thank you again . 
  yes i play terran :p, 
  too easy to storm with that , and too easy to defend pushs , push incoming ? 
  np warp 4 templars and strom the shit, 
  i definitly agree with that , close games and very entertaining !, 
  uber tournament , 10 $ price pool , definitly worth it :p, 
  i agree with that , just don t sit in your base focusing only on defense, 
  is there a list of players invited / automatically qualified ? 
  who you do n't leave her ? 
  do you still love her ? 
  she seems quite annoying to me . 
  why searching for the `` next foreign hope ? '', 
  will he be competing in ipl or mlg ? 
  stop asking for nerfs all the time . 
  ghosts are n't overpowered -_-, 
  what the point of getting into masters knowing only one build ? 
  watch some streams , i m high diamond terran player and i found z quite easy to play ( when you are ahead , when u suffer from a successful harass and you are behind and get pressured it 's difficult to get back in the game though ), 
  i m thinking of witching race myself to zerg but i don t like zvz :p,
