  so true , i thought i was the only one to feel that way, 
  i bought the razor abyssus , 3 buttons , lightweight and i m pretty happy about it . 
  classic gaming mouse without macro bullshit , just a good mouse to play with, 
  don t have any complaints so far , great mouse . 
  i was using a wireless microsoft mouse before and there is no possible comparison , the abyssus answers quickly and smoothly to any move . 
  i had bought a lachesis mouse before , but i didn t like it very much , the configuration was annoying . 
  with this one it took me 3 minutes and i was ready to ladder all day long . 
  i bought a roccat taito mouse pad at the same time , but i think that u can buy any razer/roccat mousepad , they are pretty similar anyway . 
  i prefer small mouses as well btw, 
  the wallpaper issue is out of control , we are being overrun, 
  i m playing 2 base mech against toss , works pretty well if u land a few good emps and have a descent amount of hellions to tank the damage, 
  i don t like going bio vs collo or archons, 
  what 's wrong with his voice ? 
  it didn t sound like this in the past , did he ate sand every morning for a month ? 
  ow ok , thanks for the info man, 
  this is ridiculous, 
  but why is being an atheist such a big deal ? 
  edit : ah ok ty ^ ^, 
  this guys doesn t seem to be very tolerant , exactly as the religious people they criticize, 
  yeah i m ok with religion if the believers keeps their faith for themselves and it doesn t affect other people life . 
  i think that religion in america is a bit more `` fanatic '' than in the old continent where people live with it , pray , but usually don t mix their beliefs and political life . 
  well , if religion helps them , why have you to point out every incoherence in their beliefs and make them feel bad about it ? 
  i mean if they want to believe , it 's their right , it s not your job to act like you 're the clever boy knowing better them . 
  but again , i m against extreme believers and narrow minded people , i m a atheist myself , but i m ok with anyone going to church and praying . 
  every believer is n't not educated and ignorant right ? 
  there are some skilled scientists that believe also in god , not because of the bible , or the stories , but because it helps them and give them strength in their lives . 
  but i think that you might have a different population of believers than we do . 
  children will grow up and decide by themselves what they want to believe in or not . 
  i was going to church every sunday for my first 14 years , then i decided to stop this bullshit and never put my foot in a church again . 
  my mom is christian and practicant , but she dealt with it and respected my choice . 
  oh and , even if beliefs are illogical you don t have the right to judge people around , there are some good points in the bible , and a lot of good advices how to live your life , not only bad things ( anti abortion etc. . ), 
  this makes me think that anyway , in the next century our religion might be dead , there are less and less people believing , due to scientific breakthroughts and modern way of life . 
  this fanatics will become more and more a minority, 
  i m wondering why the hell church 's are involved in political life ?? 
  there was a schisme between politics and religion a long time ago and it should remain that way . 
  what is intolerent is to judge other peoples and don t respect their beliefs . 
  those who should be fought with are the extremist religious people , those guys are really bad . 
  but the random average joe going to church to pray for a better life doesn t deserves arguign with some smart ass telling him that religion is bullshit . 
  in my country religion is completly disociated from politics and education , you don t have the right to bring your religion to school with you , you don t learn anything about religion in school and you are thought evolution at school , that should be the case in the us too, 
  ah thanks for this awesome response !, 
  ok then , i understand it better now , it s all about working all together toward a deeper understanding of our environement/life and not being stuck in old and inacurate beliefs . 
  but still , i find the way they express it a little bit harsh, 
  oredered the book on amazon , will give it a try  thanks for the advice, 
  i was taking my case as an exemple , what i wanted to point out is that , in the end , every children can decide by himself if he has faith or not, 
  woowwwowwwwoow don t compare being fascist and religious , these are completely 2 different things dude, 
  i don t think so , are your parent religious ? 
  i m just trying to understand don t worry i m not judging anyone, 
  ok didn t think that religious lobbys and environment were so powerfull in us, 
  ok ty for the insight , 
  yeah it was back in the days , you point out how they deal with the hiv but not how they treat poor people in india , or open shelters alla round the world . 
  the are good things and bad things about it, 
  yeah nodoby gives a crap about that in france, 
  rain vs boxer at the mlg, 
  stephano or tod imo, 
  this is too much bullshit for me , are they like paid to act likes they are pals ? 
  jedigamer is such a douche , i was lurking on his stream some month ago and all he did was show off and ban people who disagreed with him and generally being rude to his viewers . 
  amazing body, 
  i miss the fun post, 
  thank you for your photos !, 
  they are awesome !, 
  request : can we have a pic like this one but one from behind and one from the front ? 
  thanks !, 
  wow sorry for you bro , are u ok with it ? 
  wow . . 
  lol ? 
  destiny is nerdy and weight nothing , my money on deezer , you don t win irl fights by trolling, 
  new generation dark priests , conducting evil activities in town , fear, 
  yeah that 's what i meant ^ ^, 
  yeah i agree with that , i feel that she is using me as a safety net , i don t. dunno if friendzone or not though, 
  best of luck my friend  i will watch the show !, 
  many of you are saying that it 's anti muslim , that is not true . 
  france is a laique country meaning that you can believe in whatever you want but you ca n't expose you 're beliefs in any way in public areas such as schools or malls or townhalls . . 
  which is good in my opinion . 
  burqas and praying in the streets are against this , and therefore must be banned . 
  reading the same book at the moment . 
  upvote for you sir, 
  wow , you have all my sympathy , must have been though . 
  do you still see you 're sister ? 
  do you plan one day to talk about it with her ? 
  i report you for hacking, 
  nope it 's not a sport in my opinion . 
  i play american football as well and this is completly 2 different things . 
  one is very demanding physically , healthy ( quite ) , demands physical training , the other one is very demanding intellectually , demands brain training and is not so healthy at all . 
  dunno if i made myself clear , but i can see the difference, 
  i play mech a lot vs protoss ( high diamond ) and i do a few thors is nearlly all my games ( 3 to max 5 ) with hellions/tanks/ghosts, 
  i would love you to blink on my hellion/unsiege tank/thors/ghost ball and get obliterated in less then 5 seconds . 
  who the fuck is that guy ? 
  where this bs is coming from anyway ? 
  just posting to give you a few advices :, 
  stop drinking , nothing good comes from that , you will only become more ugly and loose a lot ( job , hapiness . . ), 
  go on a healthy way of life , eat well , and do a lot of sport , it will clear your mind and give you confidence ( which you are lacking a lot ) and will permit you to meet new people, 
  go and buy some clothes , it may not appear like a bug deal but it will definitly boost your condifence, 
  if you have really an issue with your face do something about it , invest in laser for your acne , consult a dermatologist and talk about it with him , get a noose job , at least try to do something about it, 
  i think that there are no lost causes , just get your things and do something about them , i know , it s easy to say, 
  i think the best way to go is to look forward to the future , if you start sport , eating etc say to yourself that : `` it may be hard , but in six months i will feel waaaay better , i might hook up occasionaly and my life will be so much better '', 
  my 2 cents . . 
  cheer up dude \u00a7, 
  pretty good for him , he deserves a top team , but i m pretty sad for millenium which is loosing good players ( tod and now stephano . . ), 
  sick news for col , bad news for mill , i feel sorry for the french team loosing two of its main players within a week . 
  does someone know where i can find the vod of stephano vs mma at the ipl ?
