  warlock demo because i liked the lore . 
  rerolled monk because i wanted a class which is dynamic and fun to play and not a spamming turret with no mobility and which gets nerfed every patch . 
  also wanted to be able to play with the option to tank and heal . 
  you do n't have an id from the country you are from ? 
  outch, 
  dirty financial institutions generating wealth to subsidize the rest of the country !, 
  not sure why you do not appreciate a simple gesture of solidarity ? 
  if one of you relatives dies and one of your friends says `` sorry for your loss '' will you also fart in his general direction ? 
  so ... as the arabs were very involved in the slave trade they should also get bombed now by blacks from africa ? 
  lol, 
   wrong , muslims are routinely sent to prison for infractions that a white would never be imprisoned for, 
  got any proof of that or are you pulling that out of your ass ? 
   wrong , female muslim religious attire is restricted, 
  burka is prohibited because it is covering the face , hijab is only prohibited in public places like schools because of laicity . 
   wrong , muslims are bullied by the police and military whenever they try to practice their faith and they 're usually not allowed to build mosques, 
  if they are not allowed to build mosques in france why are there mosques in france ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  police do n't bully muslims if they are respectful of the law . 
   i like how you just assume that young muslim men are more apt to commit crimes ;, 
  but . . but . . they are , it is simply a fact . 
  not saying it has to do with religion itself , but it is related to the fact that muslims are likely of immigrant descent and are generally speaking , poorer than the `` natives '' , and therefore more prone to commit crimes . 
  dude slaves were used all over arabic countries for centuries and in africa for that matter . 
  if you think slaves were only used in sugar plantation in the new word you are completely delusional . 
  and once again you put the blame on some of the people who were using the slaves but all the people involved in the slave trade get a free pass , tribes in africa selling other tribes and arabic slave traders bringing all those slaves from one place to another and using them themselves . 
  how conveniant . 
  hee well , i am more concerned by the well being of my close relative than a further relative 's family . 
  is n't it natural ? 
  do you say sorry for your loss to everybody who dies on this planet ? 
   if you bothered to do any research you 'd know that the french criminal justice system heavily discriminates against muslims , but sure keep being an ignorant little baby lmao, 
  the justice is impartial , the only place where i can see some discrimination is the racial profiling of the police . 
  which is funded on the simple observation that some people are more keen to do mischiefs than others , empirical observation of the police on a day to day basis . 
  you do n't like ? 
  good for you , nobody cares . 
   yes , muslim women are not allowed to wear their customary clothing and that 's beyond fucked up . 
  why is it fucked up ? 
  the laicity of the country is one of the secular values of france , it 's the law in france , comply with it or do n't come . 
  you are entitled to nothing . 
  you have to adapt to the country not the other way around . 
   and no the police just want to fuck with the muslims . 
  they know that they 're a disenfranchised group that 's easy to pick on , which is what policemen love more than anything else . 
  fuck them, 
  once again , if the police is more focused on the muslims it is :, 
  1 ) because france is heaviliy targeted by islamic terrorism, 
  2 ) because people of arabic descent are usually more keen to commit crimes, 
  simple as that . 
  you seem to have some kind of strange distorted view of reality where muslims should be able to do whatever they want in a country that was built on christian values and traditions . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  i am just trying to make a point , 
  of course i feel more concerned about an attack in england ( and more likely to react to it ) than an attack in . . philippines . 
  of course i would be sad and not happy for the philipinos but i would feel less `` touched '' by it . 
  and i think it is a pretty natural sentiment . 
  of course , but does it hurts to bring awareness about an incident that occured in another country ? 
  what a time to be alive, 
  i think that the uk leaving the ue will be the corner stone about some greater events . 
  world warz 4 - the english boogaloo, 
  you should take a chill pill ... lol, 
  edit : nice edit, 
  you realize they are called french because of the cut right ? 
  after reading for the 500 time one of the variants :, 
  * french tank only reverse gear lol, 
  * white flag amiright o7 o7 o7, 
  * nazi  french hahaha, 
  i really do n't get how this ww2 jokes remain funny to you ? 
  you got burned in vietnam , are we making jokes because you lost to a bunch of vietnamese in the jungle ? 
  less shame for france to surrender to nazi germany ( especially considering the aftermath of ww1 ) than for us losing to vietnam imo, 
  are you seriously arguing that the vi\u00eat cong was stronger than the american army ? 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  i think they got the memo wrong , her popularity is fading not rising . 
  j'exag\u00e8re mais tu comprends le message . 
  j'aimerais que tu argumentes un minimum, 
  come on, 
  of course it changes a lot . 
  i do n't . . i do n't even understand how you ca n't see this . 
  some people want more , some people want to be able to buy appartments cash , some people want to buy expensive art . . 
  i mean everybody is not like you . 
  but all of this is this just your personal opinion . 
  it is irrelevant . 
   but is it a great way of life afterall ? 
  who are you to judge ? 
   prefer `` simpler '' ( with 400k/yr it 's not simple anymore but whatever ) but maybe fuller lives where you invest in your company or anything and be proud of helping society, 
  once again , this is absolutely not pertinent , just a personal , subjective judgment on the fullness of lifes of poor and rich people . 
   and because it is the 0.1 % that is affected therefore i do n't see what is changing for everyone else, 
  so . . hitting a minority is acceptable because they are a minority anyway ? 
  i can also tell you that you do n't need more than 1000 euros to live well because all you need is a bed to sleep , a roof over you head and some food . 
  you can read for free at the library and listen to music at free venues . 
  it is a matter of perception and repository/benchmark . 
  it is a dangerous road . 
  river crossings and lack of any information panels making the orientation sometimes difficult for sure , 
  and the motorbike were in a bad shape , we had to repair a few things during the trip , which is not easy in the middle of nowhere haha . 
  hello , i rented it , it was around 13-14 usd per day, 
  hey , the bikes were mustang shineray 150cc , they cost about 500 usd brand new . 
  ours were quite used and were very beaten up haha . 
  i am actually writing my article about the trip . 
  sadly it is in french . 
  i really should switch to english on my blog . 
  anyway i will pm you the link when it is online so you can at least see the route , 
  haha yes it 's pretty common in mongolia , those dogs guard the gers and will chase any unanounced visitor , 
  we give it back , we rented it for around 13 euros a day . . 
  without any garantee if it brakes during the trip . 
  you get the motorbike , you are supposed to bring it back on your own :p,
