  the dude saw me get out of my car , waited that i leave and then procceed to fine me , with a warning '' if you do n't pay in 5 days we will sue you '' . 
  okay . 
  it 's not the police , it 's the garage , he left me a bill with his banking details so i can wire the 40 franks . 
  in my old building sunday was a `` no rules '' day , my fu **** g neighboor ( who was a real bitch , she sent 18 letters to our agency to complain about noises at 20h on a saturday night and various shit ) done 4 washings in a row ( while my stuff was on the machine meaning i would like to use it next ) with the last one being ... a single shower curtain . 
  i was living on the top floor , the 5 , i had to come back down 5 times before i could squeeze my laundry , which was slowly getting on my nerves . 
  the last batch that single shower curtain was just the icing on the cake . 
  it just kind off said `` fuck you i am using it deal with it '' , i mean come on who does that !, 
  it 's like : there is a free ride in the amusement park , kids are lining up to get on it , and there this little brat who keeps riding it over and over all afternoon while others are watching . 
  it 's not because it 's free that you can keep it for yourself . 
  that 's a thing i noticed here in swiss , these cunts avoid all sort of confrontation , when something disturbs them instead of being a men and come forward to talk about things they just send letters to your flat agency or to the police . . 
  i think there was , but yeah , i have a lux plate and i am giving back the car to the leasing company in 3 month so i am not really sure what to do  thanks for the information anyway !, 
  it 's a big building there is a lot of business inside , and there is an underground entrance to a underground parking where i am allowed to park because of my gym membership , but a lot of those underground spaces are not available at the moment because of some kind of renovation going on . 
  i am not sure that the upper parking spots are only for the garage . 
  thanks a lot for your information , i m going to pay just to have peace of mind . 
  but that was a dick move . 
  on a side note they have 0 chances of finding me , my car is not registred in swiss . 
  i do n't get my speeding ticket since last august when i moved here , i m giving back the car to a leasing company in may this year in luxembourg . 
  yeah i am going there 5 times a week lol , so yeah , indeed it would be better to pay in that case , 
  it 's a huge parking for the whole building , and i am not complaining about getting a fine if it was from the police . 
  here it 's from a private guy who instead of coming forward and saying `` hey man , you re not allowd to park here , can you please go somewhere else '' , which would have been fine , just waited for me to leave and then fined me like a little bitch . 
  in the end i payed , with a nice comment in the commentary section of the money wire . 
  not sure that 's the best move , bruh, 
  usually i park in the underground parking , i hope they will finish the work there this week . 
  you work nearby ? 
  thanks a lot . 
  in order to have peace of mind i just payed his damn fine . 
  i am not sure i really like your comments for the pictures, 
  well it seems i am not the only one that finds your comments a little bit snobish , borderline disrepectful . 
  no need to downvote us though . 
  it 's like , i go to berlin , i see something that is representative of your culture or history , let 's say a castle or something and i just say `` meh , random stone house '' . 
  it lacks takt . 
  but hey , no problem man , did n't mean to be disrespectful or mean , i like very much the fact that you travel all around on bike and i respect that  cheers, 
  yeah maybe , no hard feelings though , it was just an observation, 
  appealing lol, 
  yeah because we can rely on your troops right ? 
  it s 2010 - 2014 cumulated , watch the score for only 2014 . . germany not top 5, 
  yeah , germany is on the way down while france and china on the way up , germany got crossed, 
  i do n't see the point of comparing things on a 10 year horizon . 
  it 's like `` we are better if we compare the sells done only on friday and on monday between 16h and 18h , wouhou '' . 
  when you talk about rankings , it 's more relevant to talk about the score of last year . 
  it might be to protect his house from hordes of angry people, 
  he may have a family you know or a house that his family does n't want to be trashed or looted w/e for revenge or vengeance . 
  it 's funny how you guys have some kind of fantasy about the foreign legion , they represent a very small percentage of the armed forces and among the foreign legion there are lots of french nationals as well . 
  so yeah there 's that . 
  come on , it 's written black on white : `` oui , un fran\u00e7ais peut s ' engager \u00e0 la l\u00e9gion \u00e9trang\u00e8re '', 
  yes a french citizen can enroll in the foreign legion, 
  ffs do you even read , on the same link :, 
  the french candidate can be recruited with his real identity or another one, 
  yeah , i guess that your english sources must be more reliable that the official website of the legion then huh ? 
  how about you stick your yankee head out of your ass ? 
  heh , you wo n't get in in any high class paris club with that outfit . 
  i pity it but they are quite picky at the entrance . 
  do n't be ridiculous , every country has a bumch of idiots . 
  yeah sure . 
  let 's make it a witchhunt thread about french people . 
  classy post for your cake day man . 
  way to ruin everything !, 
  let 's blame a nation over the actions of 2 fuckers . 
  you would fit right in the freedom fries era . 
  we have thousands of people , mostly young , going to australia every year to backpack , so it 's pretty obvious that among them they will be a few idiots . 
  i have a few friends who have gone there last year , around 25 people , among them 2 are really stupid and i am pretty sure that they can do retarded shit , maybe not to this extent though . 
  the rest of them enjoyed their stay in australia without any troubles and a smile on their face . 
  maybe you should keep your retarded opinion to yourself though, 
  i see a lot of french bashing in this thread, 
  when did it become a nation contest ? 
  well at least our autistic kids do n't go on reddit to spread retarded opinion like you . 
  are you autistic ? 
  being on the internet does not mean it 's ok to spill hate like this , you have idiots in your country , we have idiots in ours , does not mean that every austrlian is a racist redneck and that all of us enjoy setting small animals on fire . 
  and a good day to you too !, 
  hope that all that hate will not ruin your birthday !, 
  that does n't make any sense , how old are you ? 
  napoleon was born on french soil , therefore he 's french , i do n't see what is not clear to you . 
  his military education was in france and his success was made by a military machine developed by revolutionary france , being huge conscription and talent over birth . 
  your post is nothing but the usual anti-french bullshit , but that stupidity takes the cake . 
  it 's so stereotypical of people who defend the `` french are losers '' ignorant stereotype ... nice way to lose all credibility . 
  are you going to downsize as well the french role in world war 1 or the thousands of years of bloody battles in europe where france managed to retain one of the biggest chunks of the continent while being stuck in the middle of all the biggest powers ? 
  just ... go read some of the stuff on r/badhistory about france , please . 
  way to go xeno piece of shit, 
  i m starting to think that some people in this thread might deserve to be considered as pests and be burned . 
  especially when i read things like `` really makes you want to kill those motherfucking french fucks . '', 
  people usually understand english , enjoy your stay i hope you will have nice weather, 
  happy to take one from time to time, 
  the hate circlejerk is getting out of control !, 
  this is so ridiculous i do n't even . . 
  you know that the french are not the only europeans who have joined isis right ? 
  where are you from to be entitled to be so judgmental ? 
  i would like you to watch this diagram very carefully :, 
  edit : you seem to be an expert about muslims in france , maybe we can have also your lights on why the proportion is higher in denmark , sweden or belgium ? 
  are they alienating their muslim population harder you think ? 
  and why is it so that finland is only 25 % behind us ? 
  yes , it must be the cold weather . 
  that explains everything . 
  it 's easy to be a smug face after reading the headlines on reddit and take it as it is without any critic sense . 
  okay ? 
  okay so you wo n't even try to argue . 
  or maybe you do n't understand the concept of proportions . 
  finns on vacation can be idiots too , quick google :, 
  am i here throwing stones on all finns ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  maybe you guys should also stop granting passports ?
