  that is bs dude , go get yourself an opinion, 
  i don t consider it as racist , it 's a fact . 
  even if it is taboo to speak about it . 
  i never seen chineese from belleville/13eme mugging people or pakis/indians doing it . 
  the 4 times i saw people being mugged/attacked it was by jogging wearing teenagers from suburbs and they were north africans , what do you want me to say , it 's just common sense . 
  i have nothing about north african people , i have something against north african thugs who happens to be pretty common in paris . 
  yeah ok they were probably french citizens , but they had n.a origins ... 
  what are the others characteristics that i failed to mention ? 
  jogging , nike sneakers , lame cap , short hair ? 
  probably living in the suburbs ? 
  very little education ? 
  feeling useless and not integreted in the society ? 
  blaming it on the government and other fellow citizens ? 
  what 's ur point ? 
  i m not racist , i can see a pattern where there is one that 's all, 
  i think that you underestimate stephano , 
  the only ones in your list that have the same level as stephano are :, 
  thorzain , mana , demuslim ( maybe ) and naniwa . 
  you just listed all the euro players you know right ? 
  that 's why nerchio is loosing everytime they meet on ladder right ? 
  stop with white ra and nerchio shit , you don t have any clue about their real level , white ra isn t even top 5 in europe . 
  don t get me wrong , he 's good , but not at all top tier . 
  you re just hating right here . 
  ask any european player who is in top 3 , they all say stephano , all of them . 
  but your surely know better then them , stop trolling around and being a douche, 
  smells like blind hate to me . 
  no point in arguing with a stupborn blind hater , did you even watched his games vs huk yesterday ? 
  yeah i get your point ^ ^ you 're mad cause he backef off complexity and youn resp\u00eact him cause he 's good right ? 
  i watched nearly all his games and his stream . 
  i m not a fanboy but i can for sure recognize skill when i see it , what league are you in ? 
  cause from what i saw from the last 1,5 month he has won vs a lot of very good players including puzzle mma marineking ( he was playing from tunesia with insane lags so don t bring up the korean lag bullshit ) socke , nerchio , kiwikaki , kas , tod and nearly all his opponents . . 
  he thinks he is better than most european players and top tier players thinks it too , who are you to know better then mma , thorzain , huk etc ? 
  does mma saying : i think you are top3 zerg . 
  does n't ring a bell to you ? 
  are you going to be stupborn and hang to this '' he achieved nothing '' which is false by the way ? 
  le crunch !, 
  this games were not so good ... white ra vs mma was so mutch better, 
  especially giving the fact that mayonnaise is a french word lol, 
  yeah it 's pretty ackward , tonight this guy will look at reddit and cry, 
  i do agree with you, 
  sup son ? 
  still spilling you 're hate on stephano everywhere ? 
  what do result tell you right now ? 
  go back on tl !, 
  how is inori doing ? 
  stephano is n't coky , he know he is good and he is very mannered , gratz just mean congratulations , what 's your problem ? 
  you 're an idiot, 
  napoleon was a frenchman ffs, 
  still not funny dumbass, 
  good for you, 
  i 'm pretty curious to see the lineup of players that attended the mlg where incontrol was 4th, 
  that 's what i thought, 
  and ? 
  corisca is ( and was ) a part of france exactly like alaska is a part of usa , so why do you people focus every fucking time on trying to say to us `` meh , yeah he was a warrior but hehe he wasnt french ! '', 
  can we see somewhere the open bracket lineup ? 
  no number for jakucha tho, 
  he will probably never get out of d - with playing the same lame ai over and over again, 
  hello ajay ,, 
  i 'm using this opportunity to ask you some questions about the event :, 
  1 ) how did you get involved in ign ? 
  2 ) how much time did it take to organize this event ? 
  3 ) is the budget huge ? 
  4 ) does the stream represent the biggest part of the income ? 
  5 ) how much people were in the staff ? 
  thank you very much for this ama !, 
  thanks !, 
  is this shit gon na show up every 2 month ? 
  stop reposting , especially lame shit, 
  i m offended when people actually believe that we are pussies . 
  and it happens more then you know . 
  nope still not funny, 
  here are some advices :, 
  sim city is essential , wall off properly and place you 're buildings smartly , production building at the chock of your natural etc. 
  don t stop macroing have always all your production hotkeyed and spam even when attacking you need it or you will get smashed by a counter/a runbuy, 
  stick to some classic build for the time being :, 
  vsz : marines tanks medivac push on 2 base, 
  vsp : bio on 1 base into expo, 
  vst : this matchup is difficult , i like to play full mech but some people have great marine control and bet me with classic marine/tank/viking, 
  terran is a very frustrating race to play cause of aoe damage ( baneling , fungal , storm , collo . . ) that rapes the shit of ou bio and hard counters to mech : immort/zealot/archons or broodlord infestor, 
  harass the shit out of your opponent , use hellions , reapers , marine medivac drops , banshees to their maximal potential , you ca n't win vs a descent z or p player without damaging his economy/tech or fprcing him to make some defense, 
  supposed to be funny ? 
  it 's not like i m `` revealing '' a secret , everybody would be annoyed by that ^ ^, 
  and you are a douche sir , so you should probably go back unlogging, 
  i definitly agree with lestratege , i mean it 's true that the us are not on a winning steak neither and that they didn t experienced big scale war on their soil , the civil population was never threatened , city were n't destroyed ... 
  just google verdun and ardenne fight from wwi , this is what hardcore war looks like . 
  where are you from ? 
  did you just escaped from a retard facility ? 
  or maybe you just returned home after a good redneck beer and beat my wife party ? 
  oh really ? 
  since a frenchmen banged your momma ? 
  still mad ? 
  owww . . wwi , please develop why you 're joking about us after the `` wwi '' thing . 
  and develop about vietnam too , i m curious . 
  yes it is, 
  i do n't get it , is n't ajaccio in france like it is written in wikipedia on napol\u00e9on page ? 
  are u still trying to discredite us ? 
  germans lost as much people in wwi he was n't bragging about loosing more man it was about making you realize how bloody the wwi was idiot . 
  it 's not about to be proud it 's about to acknowledge their freakin sacrifice they have done and their courage in the most hardcore war that happened in freaking mankind history you dumbfuck , germans lost millions of people too . 
  go back playing total war and thinking you re such a smartass, 
  because youre argument is stupid indeed .
