  i would pay you a beer if we were in a bar dude , exactly my thoughts . 
  but we are on reddit so here goes an upvote . 
  i would enjoy a beer right now * sigh *, 
  even though lucky did it right and did n't a-move into rage quit . 
  you mean last year , where there were no koreans at tournaments ? 
  cause till they started to come idra won one title , against one of his teammates and asus rog which had a soso lineup . 
  do n't be blind man , idra is 1-18 in 2012 and was underperforming even before , loosing to no names here and there and playing bad . 
  he 's an alpha male wan na be , slight difference . 
  `` idra suffers the great burden of being the great white hope '', 
  try `` was '', 
  lol if there are people who still see in him the foreign hope somebody should wash the mud out of their eyes . 
  he is not terrible but how , in hell , somebody with a decent level of common sense can affirm that a guy 1-18 in 2012 with 1 relevant title ( iem guangzhou , nope do n't bring asus which was n't stack , nope do n't bring his mlg rating regarding the fact that he is always seeded high because of the mlg retarded system , nope do n't speak to me about the beta ) can be the foreign hope . 
  moreover a guy suffering from anger issues and who acts like a spoiled brat and a douche . 
  a guy which get absolutly demolished in all recent games , i mean all . 
  some are saying it 's even imbalanced . 
  makes the game fucking terrible . 
  i am considering the period of time from september till now pretty much , and i do n't see a lot of astounding things . 
  do n't get me wrong , he 's not a bad player he did beat pretty strong opponents , however what i do not agree with is when people place him in a leading position saying he 's the best foreign player/foreigner/one of the best zergs of the world , which is asbolute bullshit . 
  people tend to trash idra fast because his behaviour of being arrogant , mean , criticizing players even insulting them and saying that they are terrible works well when you actually win , but when you start to loose ... you get the backslah . 
  stephano kas or naniwa pretty much , not hating just descent observing , even a morron would notice that . 
  not sure if you , fanboys , can be placed above morrons though : /, 
  maybe if you stick his junk out of your mouth you would see this : /, 
  i would say it 's a mix of both my friend , a mix of both, 
  well they are actually winning against the best of the best , stephano did stay in korea for a month reached top 10 gm and was invitited in the blizz cup , he had a 70 % win ratio on kor ladder and was practicing with kor players . 
  can you enlighten me in how long did it take for idra to reach gm ? 
  what is his win ratio ? 
  what did he won lately ? 
  kas is just the best foreigner terran , he never lost to idra in any of their confrontation . 
  and naniwa , let 's just say it 's naniwa ok ? 
  engaging in public matches ouside of the ladder ? 
  where he looses 4-0 if you are talking about showmatches . 
  would you like me to link to you a replay of idra vs stephano on the ladder in their only match they played ever ? 
  ( spoiler : stephano kills idra with mass queens ) . 
  something to say ? 
  pretty back far in time ? 
  stephano was in kora 1 month and a few days ago lol . 
  haven t put themselves ou there in many recent showing ? 
  ok just for stephano :, 
  first place 2012 team dignitas scan eu invitational # 3, 
  `` second place '' 2012 one nation of gamers starcraft 2 invitational ( second place , didn t play the finals vs kas ), 
  first place 2012 eizo cup # 2 defeating polt in the finals, 
  first place 2012 winter egg one starleague # 1 defeating sarens in the finals 3-1, 
  first place 2012 shoutcraft invitational # 4 ( 4-0 grubby , 4-0 thorzain , and didn t droped a map during all previous game ), 
  is it for fucking sake ladder ? 
  are you blind to this point ? 
  i can t believe it . 
  go check their liquipedia pages !, 
  idra doesn t whine ? 
  man idra whines all the fucking time for balance and says that the game is terrible . 
  i am actually begining to think that you are trolling . 
  please , tell me what idra did since iem , i am eager to know what he achieved besides getting raped in any tournament / any showmatch he enters . 
  the same foreigners that beats also idra , like in the eg vs mouz for exemple . 
  i am done arguing with you . 
  if you truely believe that idra is so good , good for you , keep on being disapointed . 
  keep on rooting for an unrespectful brat and a douche , who does n't deserve to be were he is . 
  he ca n't even compete on the foreigner scale so i am wondering why he tries to compete with koreans , he did n't win a single game there rofl and loose to all foreigners as well . 
  the boy is finished man , his only solution is to 6 pool into rage quit . 
  see you adios bye bye, 
  i don t get this joke , i am not american though , what means that he s like the orson welles of starcraft ? 
  thank you , 
  very nice line up , and khaldor + mr bitter is awesome , 
  i will watch !, 
  great idea :d red.nestea ? 
  red.rain ? 
  well does mlg keeps their retarded seeding system this year ? 
  + personally i am not willing to pay 20 $ for a week end , will you ? 
  the main problem is that it is about france right hallowed ? 
  as soon as any issue is related to france you lurk around and post something direspectful/pessimistic or negative about it . 
  well , i wouldlike to advise you to open your mind a little bit , but i guess it 's just a waste of time with you :p, 
  what is your opinion on stephano in 2012 man ? 
  still hatin ' ? 
  a smart but really lazy guy . 
  well the anime sux but read the mangas , they are pretty good ( were ), 
  the question is ... who 's stepano 's teacher ? 
  the first mangas are pretty good for real . 
  the anime is complete bs passed the first episodes though, 
  i do n't really follow the structure of the mlg , i watch the matches though but i do n't read the threads on tl or the tweets by sundance . 
  i kind of liked the passed events exept for the seeding part . 
  i m kind of divided over the 20 bucks issue , i concede that it is not that expensive , i work i have a salary so it s not a big deal . 
  what really bothers me is the fact that if it works , if mlg gets a ton of viewers , we might get in the future this system for every event . 
  while i love watching starcraft , i am not ready to pay 20/e every week end for this , like a lot of other people as well . 
  oh ok then , might be only a coincidence then . 
  but it 's the general feeling i get from you that 's all . 
  cool that you ignore him it 's the best way to go , 
  i bet their parents had no problem when opposite sex siblings were `` wrestling '' as well . 
  make it millenium :d, 
  itwas an offline event by the way . 
  nope , it does n't . 
  the whole website seams weird and not legit . 
  file a complaint a take legal actions . 
  well all foreigners are not f\u00b5cking horrible : c, 
  nah i do agree with you . 
  it is true that some foreigners are kind of bad ( i do n't even know how i , master player , can judge a progamer `` bad '' ) but it is plain disrespectfull to say that all foreigners are `` fucking horrible '' especially when at least half of them can beat you ( talking about qxc here ) . 
  koreans are not winning everything , naniwa , stephano , kas , nerchio , sen , thorzain are serious competition . 
  i am not saying they are better than mvp/nestea/mma , but they can compete with low tier code s , they can definitly compete with code a and even sometimes win some games vs top code s. 
  hell , gsl ai n't everything . 
  it 's like ... eg prematurly gg 'd out of the match . . yeaaaaa, 
  no mlg for jakucha this year, 
  watch assembly on friday and saturday night then go out and get drunk with the 20 $ i did n't spend . 
  sounds like a plan .
