  french japanese fighter he trained in paris in my gym for the last month  happy that he won, 
  please be sure to report it to the hotel + on the different platforms like trip advisor , booking.com so people know about it, 
  you should have wrote `` gruezi ! '', 
  people do n't really say guten tag here in swiss :p, 
  i m living in zurich though, 
  yeah well in the mountains they can also say bongiorno or bonjour depending where you are , 
  it 's a joke please do n't be butthurt, 
  in all seriousness in all your comments we can see that you have a pretty serious inferiority complex though . 
  `` blabla you will see in a few decades !!!!, 
  then we will be relevant blablabla '', 
  mais quel calimero . 
  the only observations you are making are highly biased assumptions that india is the next superpower and that small european countries are irrelevant . 
  i did n't leave a note because you did n't answer . 
  on est d'accord, 
  i absolutely believe india is growing fast , will it grow like this for 20 more years ? 
  maybe . 
  does it suffice to be in the `` p5 '' absolutely not . 
  the thing you do n't understand is that it does not take only gdp and army to get into that position . 
  it is also about your diplomatic relationships with other countries on the planet , your history , your knowledge about other countries etc. 
  and i think that on that part france and the uk are much better suited that let 's say germany or brazil . 
  it might not be the case anymore in let 's say 40 years , but i do hope that we will have a unified europe at this point . 
  lol no germany is more influential in europe and that 's pretty much it . 
  germany has no army , no possibility of intervention anywhere but on homesoil , not much historical relationships . 
  uk and france have no real interests in latin america , but we do have a lot of influence in africa and the middle east though . 
  asia is chinese/us sphere of influence . 
  and i am pretty sure that the uk have still some leverage on their former dominions . 
  we may be not superpowers , but we sure as hell are more relevant that most of the countries on the planet . 
  ** edit edit edit edit ** : i believe that in 50 years there will be the usa , the eu and in asia india and china fighting over who is number 1 . 
  who cares , embrace your touristic innerself , flip flops with socks , caps , camera and hawain shirts !, 
  in all seriousness , paris is a pretty big place you will find people well dressed as people dressed very badly . 
  to visit things nobody gives a shit what you wear ( the only exception are pickpockets ) but if you want to go out in the evening to clubs dress nicely ( no sneakers , if possible no jeans , and wear a shirt ) . 
  we drink more though : http://www.ias.org.uk/alcohol-knowledge-centre/consumption/factsheets/alcohol-consumption-in-the-european-union.aspx, 
  do as you like , i am just trying to give advices which maximize his chances, 
  as an european what is the best bet on solar technologies ? 
  solar city shares on american stock ? 
  solar related etf 's ? 
  yes it is a bug quit the game and reload a save befor the fight, 
  lol cry me a river ^ ^, 
  did you really walk 170 km in 4 days ? 
  beautiful !, 
  1-bar ( mouffetard , grands boulevards , bastille . . y en a des tas ) , afterwork , house parties si tu connais des gens, 
  balled strategy cotton , we ll see if it pays off, 
  i did not realize it was a contest . 
  nobody eats this kind of food in schools, 
  wow this is unreal . 
  the quality of the pics is over 9000 !!, 
  to be honest it is ok the first days , but when you reach over 4000 meters you start to feel the consequences of days of walking , sleeping in tents without showering , intestinal problems etc. . 
  so it might get tricky . 
  it is not a technical climb but it might be very demanding on the body for some people . 
  for me it was very hard on the last day , but that 's just my body which had troubles to adjust to the height , a less athletical and more skinny girl who climbed with me had no troubles from the begining till the end . 
  absolutely not, 
  oh rly , like germany is the only contributor to europe and everybody else is just sucking the money ? 
  you dumb ? 
  * the four largest net contributors in absolute terms are germany , france , italy , uk, 
  * the four largest net contributors in per capita terms are denmark , finland , germany , italy . 
  * the four largest net contributors as a proportion of gdp are denmark , italy , germany , finland . 
  i do n't know what to say at this point , i found this in 10 seconds . 
  anything constructive to say or you 're bored on / r/murica ? 
  reminds me of this stephano guy, 
  nope , i woke up at 3am , 5am , 7am but too much wind ( 90km/h on the summit ) and no visibility . . we left for the valley at 8am sadly . 
  the way down was a blast though , with the snow , the wind and bad weather it was truely a unique experience . 
  yes and the refuge du gouter was also closed for one month in august as well . 
  we passed the grand couloir in the morning when the sun was not yet melting the ice setting free the rocks , but we still saw a few rocks falling down every 10 minutes , an american tourist nearly got hit in the head by one in front of us . 
  it is still very dangerous . 
  and the same day , on the other route coming from the aiguille du midi ( 3 monts ) a friend of mine nearly got hit by an avalanche : http://imgur.com/pg5vtrs, 
  orange exists in other countries , but it is a french company, 
  et meme si on regarde en europe , je vois bp , lukoil , bayer et j' en passe avant total . 
  sriously : my bad . 
  we had more than 4.2 millions military wounded , there are still people throwing to my face that we are cowards . 
  the spell limitations are what makes the mages somehow balanced though , this mechanic is pretty common in oldschool rpg 's . 
  big up to the witcher saga , 
  hey , poe was built on the oldschool model , it 's the only reason why it got so much funding , because people were nostalgic and wanted to jump once more into the oldschool  . 
  same reason why every forgotten realms game is getting an `` extended version '', 
  thanks for the long message ; very useful !, 
  sadly i do n't use any of the new soulbind items , no rapiers and no bows :(, 
  the concelhaut invocation 1/rest is absolutely nuts i agree , 
  at this point i ca n't wait for the new dlc to use all those cool items , 
  to get the dragon just come after doing everything else . 
  my tank tanked the dragon and the ice adds in the upper right corner while the mage dropped aoe spells , my pala my monk and my cypher oblitarated the spectres and my priest healed during the whole fight . 
  downed the dragon with the cypher down at the end but everything else was in good condition . 
  shogun de james clavell . 
  or maybe , you know , make yourself your own opinion about the city and stop listening to others ? 
  paris is the top rated tourist city for a reason, 
  tell us about your experience, 
  it 's pretty funny how the brits are trying to get all the glory from the waterloo battle while it was basically france vs uk+n etherlands + prussia + hannover + nassau + brunswick, 
  stalkers have blink which is nice , but i feel that dragoons where more useful , dragoons where the backbone of the protoss armies . 
  i got a bug yesterday , got stuck in combat mode in the last mission ( if you change zone without killing all the civilians at the barricade point ), 
  finished it yesterday with a street samurai build :, 
  quickness , ranged , body , cyberware and 4 points in charisma and 3 in strength . 
  with the mono whip , the arms that give you +1 ap and a big armor the game is pretty easy . 
  shaman buffs up your character , 5 ap with the whip and in the first turn of each combat you can single handly down 1 or 2 ennemies . 
  take the rest with koschei with his 5 ap and the rest of your team . 
  i think his point is that britain was far from alone in this conflict giving the fact that napoleon had to fight pretty much all of europe alone . 
  and about ww2 america and britain often try to diminish the colossal effort that the ussr displayed on the east flank , which was key for the victory of the allies, 
  i do n't know , seems pretty stronk to me . 
  but coming from a fake nation state without any actual heritage/national identity this comment makes me shrug . 
  not sure what 's your point here buddy . 
  nothing to prove here . 
  too much rng , i prefere the themed brawls where we get a construct deck and battle each other with it . 
  about the bombers ; yes france produces the rafale which is one of the top warplanes around,
