  i kind of feel that the auction house is broken and will reduce greatly the longevity of the game , giving acess to everybody to the best gear , which is the `` end game '' of diablo games . 
  do n't take my word as a legal or law related statement . 
  personnally i think you did n't rape her and you were totally legit , i mean , you were at a party , she invited you , you did whatever you had to do , end of story . 
  they are probably jealous . 
  i will disapear in a thunder while levitating in a cloud on top of a raging volcano with a chorus of 200 virgins singing to hail my departure . 
  glory . 
  i grew up listening to metallica , prodigy , rage against the machine . 
  i am pretty happy about it and i still enjoy it when i stumble upon them . 
  not sticking enough with the homies from da hood yo, 
  newsflash : nobody cares, 
  i get you , i am discovering every day new old school hardcore bands @cro mags @bad brains and stuff . 
  so good, 
  go and speak to him in german , see how he reacts, 
  i wish i was coll as well, 
  i would have bet they would say `` roach '' for animal , pretty op unit, 
  i m getting holloway , shawn and david on this, 
  no stephano ? 
  i thought he was going, 
  i did n't click on the full list , silly me, 
  holly mother of god , i loved this booked , brb try to find it, 
  the fuck is this question . 
  are your fingers hurting from all this pointing at people ? 
  i bet sase inori and alicia are not too happy to have stephano and drg , even though 2 of them have beaten him last month . 
  just by curiosity , why do you register for a tournament even if you are only gold ? 
  for the excitement ? 
  i do agree , some strong contendents though . 
  i will root for steph !, 
  fair enough , good luck !, 
  omg i just played with him on lol , he sux at corky, 
  what s a dip ? 
  and there are n\u00f4 bus where you live ? 
  ahh the kind of shit you just keep it your mouth and spit every now and then . 
  good for you that you left him , he looks like an asshole . 
  cool interview , ty seltz !, 
  puritan much ? 
  mine would ask me for the url and then proceed to watch the video a few times . 
  yes we are extremly busy . 
  truly interesting and fine disucssions, 
  because girls ca n't grow a neck beard ? 
  ( usually . . ), 
  smells a bit like conspiracy yeah . 
  but i doubt they would do that , it was randomized , in a bad way for stephano though :p, 
  same here !, 
  and i think that stephano is favored over naniwa . 
  it 's not because he lost a couple of zvz on ladder vs nerchio that he is the underdog . 
  zvz is not his best matchup but do n't count him out , he still has sick game sense and descent mechanics . 
  the rumor he fixed his match vs fraer to both advance over diestar is pretty bad though, 
  not again the phone conspiracy, 
  i think diestar talked about it in an interview but did n't try to make a big deal of it . 
  i read it on tl in the lr thread if my memory is correct, 
  you sound bitter, 
  even the streams are freezing from time to time . 
  but yeah , i would enjoy watching vod on the phone . 
  haha i was sure i would see a message from you ^ ^, 
  i didn t understand shit at what you wrote , i agree with bmgabe though . 
  i personally dream about living in canada , can we switch places/lives plz ? 
  i will give you my 30m2 flat in the 11eme arrondissement , in a nice little street with all commodities right around the corner and nice neighboors and you will give me the keys to your place . 
  deal ? 
  will be there !, 
  this `` you realize that . . , right ? '', 
  smartass attitude starts to be annoying , even if i do agree with what you say, 
  `` ouan morr glass of bouze pliz '', 
  * boueeeergh , puke puke puke , boueeeergh , creeeeeep spread *, 
  well the fact that you did answer makes me believe that in fact you kinda do give a shit . 
  but whatever , 
  is this a new version of instagram , damn it really makes the pictures look old , nice, 
  like . . where ? 
  i love beef jerky and would enjoy some, 
  holy shit group b o_o also naniwa has a fairly easy grp imo, 
  i knowwww ... right now i have a bit of troubles with the whole flagstaff/grand canyon/monument valley/zion/bryce / las vegas thing , too much driving back and forth i do n't know if it 's optimal : /, 
  : o no beaches surfing and waves ? 
  thanks for the tip , that 's exactly why i posted this thread , to get some protips like that  will think about you when i will stop there , thank you !, 
  i guess our first week will be `` the cali sweet way of life '' so we will focus on cities , beaches , partying etc , the second week will be more about the wild life , 
  i think i will feel sad if i miss grand canyon , my main concern now is : is it worth to drive hours and hours for monument valley . . 
  the place seems nice but it makes a huge detour and we loose one day for this, 
  pretty sure you are mistaken, 
  wtf ? 
  i think terran , he often plays t when offracing, 
  warp into emo-gay , i repeat , warp in into emo-gay system, 
  ty ^ ^ and yeah the gopro was awesome, 
  it was awesome !, 
  will do !, 
  if you want to carry ask riven or irelia, 
  thank you for this message , really appreciated !, 
  ty for ww2, 
  harley is a dumbfuck psychotic mannipulaive guy , fuck him, 
  great vid !, 
  lol at the stephano vs nerchio match haha, 
  wtf is this , i am used to be called a surrender monkey , but gay ?!, 
  what are you , 12 years old ? 
  jesus calm down it s a friendly banter and inside joke between them, 
  n\u00f4 it aint, 
  nice try large tittied negro !, 
  hope you are joking . 
  some random idiot contacting sponsors will only make the situation worse for esports, 
  i connect fashion with hot models and cash , i gess some people have problems with their sexuality and see gayness anywhere, 
  yeah well , the sad thing is how this retarded joke jas become a real opinion for some people ^ ^, 
  i kinda agree that tweeter was not the best place to make jokes though :p, 
  i am not really upset , just kind of surprised about this . 
  and in all honesty , would you be happy to have your whole nation stigmatised as gays ?
