  mother board :, 
  asustek computer inc. . p7p55 lx rev x. 0x, 
  sku number : to be filled by o.e.m. 
  version du bios : 1101, 
  date : 09/11/2010, 
  amd radeon hd 6900 series, 
  version directx install\u00e9e : 11.0, 
  disque dur stm31000528as de 931.51 go sata ii, 
  version du sata : sata rev 2.6, 
  i fall trough the floor as soon as i put on the dsfix , no matter if the fps unlock is on or not though : /, 
  and the finally the pastebin :, 
  201 , is it the las one ? 
  source where i got it : http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?tag=dsfix, 
  where can i get the full name of the graphic card ? 
  thanks so much for answering to my numerous inquiries :d, 
  yeah i changed it but no matter what i continue to fall trough the ground . 
  tonight after work i will try to unistall the game , delete every file in the ds file ( all the dsfix files ) then reinstall it again . 
  do you think that gay marriage would be accepted everywhere ? 
  the french government is willing to put it trough no matter what , even if a few hundred right wing catholics will be protesting in the street . 
  if that is a reason to dislike france then you should dislike nearly every country in the world cause you will find people against gay marriage everywhere . 
  no it 's not, 
  how long till you realize you 're not funny ? 
  getting my sweet ultra kill on dota 2 . 
  finishing my workout , best feeling ever . 
  i found this as well :, 
  `` ok so i fixed it . 
  i narrowed the problem to a file called d3d9.dll . 
  once the file was removed it stopped falling . 
  i hope this helps . 
  dsfix still works , minus the fpsunlock of course . '', 
  i will try this as well, 
  gon na check this out when i come home this afternoon :p but i think i have , i installed the game in september and removed it a few days later , i bought the game a few days ago so i guess i had some files who stayed in the installtion folder ... 
  forgot a word my bad . 
  but you get the message , or maybe you should be the one who should learn to read . 
  or think . 
  or both . 
  ok i got rid of the . dll file and now all works well !, 
  thanks again man !, 
  i m going to enjoy this game now :d have a nice day !, 
  ok thanks a lot !, 
  can you leave a covenant , then rejoin it though ? 
  ok , thank you my friend !, 
  magic and move to avoid his swings . . 
  had the same thing happen to me yesterday , i invaded some guy in anor lando ( not dark ) and could n't find him , all the mobs were alive , all the doors wee closed , but he was nowhere to be found . 
  invaded this guy twice . . 
  good job bro !, 
  care to explain ? 
  i don t understand i started the game last week i m not familiar with everything yet, 
  because i want to use a scythe +15 to use with sunblade . 
  i started the game last week , have a little patience with newbies plz . 
  what s wrong with it ? 
  cause i checked you build and you have  25 % encom , 0 poise , no hp , and funny stat distribution , i put on a little effort to at least fix that . 
  why ? 
  i m sl80 right now so i have some time to make some adjustments , but yeah . 
  ty for your feedback, 
  not really i got invaded 6 times already today in anor londo ... do you , by any chance , have a link to a guide on ports for dark souls maybe ? 
  i would like a mode with random 10 boss/miniboss vs 30 or so players with an ajustable difficulty level, 
  i do n't know , i got invaded a couple of times during my undead burg ng + by guys that had < 400 hp that i oneshoted with wotg , `` matchmaking '' bug maybe ? 
  what ? 
  the french are not invading mali . 
  learn your facts, 
  the telegraph , always most accurate titles, 
  the troops are not being `` deployed '' in mali . 
  oh , i did n't know that , i tought you could only be invaded by guys in sl 10 % range from you . 
  that explains everything . . but a lvl 700 can not invade a lvl 1 if he 's not in the forest right ? 
  ty for the precision , 
  kicking out the islamist to give back the north part to the malian government ? 
  iraq ability of using wmd was a lie . 
  are you saying that the presence of the islamist in mali is also a lie ? 
  did iraqi people/government asked for help from the us ? 
  cause malian population and the government asked for the french to help them out . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  i would prefer more loots , random stats items being dropped of monster and better quality weapons being dropped on boss :p, 
  to get some variety in the items . 
  i am in ng + + and already have nearly all items so there is no point for me to grab anything beside souls , a bit boring . 
  yeah well , i love the game , i have mixed feelings about the community though, 
  after a few days of playing i tried to submit my build and get some constructive advice , got shat on . 
  on the other hand some other guys helped me imensely , like miltrivd who was very helpful and uber duper nice , kudos to you bro , 
  i got a lantern in the catacombs on a necromancer guy, 
  well , i started the game , decided i would try a faith walktrough . 
  so i leveled faith , then i noticed i needed endurance to equip armor and get a descent endurance pool . 
  since i wanted to do some pvp i also leveled vitality . 
  then i tried to toy with the builder a bit to have a stats distribution which made sense , enough to equip scythe and claymore , 53 poise , < 25 % encomb , good faith for spell damage . 
  i noticed that on creeps and on some dudes who invaded me that wrath of the god was easy to land with and thunders were kind of hard because of dodging . 
  in the end i tought i had come with something descent and got trashed , i honestly could n't understand why this was happening to me . 
  and frankly , still ca n't , if somebody could provide me an exemple of a not `` cookie cutter '' or `` no skill try hard '' faith build that works in pve and in pvp , i would be very happy to study it, 
  first , i played demon souls with a warrior guy , and got demolished , finished half of the game in 20hrs or so , stuck for a good 3 or 4hrs on flame lurker , try to beat this motherfucker with only melee on your first walktrough . 
  then i bought dark souls and finished it after many many hours . 
  finally i played again demon souls , rerolled a mage hero and beat the game in 15hrs more or less . 
  all this to say that in demons souls playing a caster type hero is much more easy than a melee one . 
  the game is awesome though , the atmosphere is priceless, 
  there is a lot of french people even int he foreign legion . 
  well , half of the legion is french so . . 
  very cool work bro !, 
  * airport, 
  do n't stop , i like new content , 
  i played a lot on eden , and it was great . 
  realm rannks were fast but not too fast , it actually took time to get 10l +, 
  there were a lot of events by the gm 's like tourneys and stuff . 
  lot of people in rvr,
