  today they are people from every sub culture listening to hardcore . 
  from hip hop to metalheads . 
  skinheads have been involved in reagge/ska/soul music at the begining , not hardcore . 
  hardcore was n't even really born in the 60 's . 
  red warriors in paris, 
  damn i love trapped . 
  so sad they never come to france . 
  would love to seem them . 
  no times for jokes . 
  the guy was handcuffed and beaten with a metal bar and watched his gf being raped for 6h by 3 dudes , what would you do in his place mighty hero ? 
  break the handcuffs with your alpha strenght and beat the shit out of the 3 dudes ? 
  respect !, 
  dark age is one of my top3 game of all time along baldur 's gate series and starcraft + bw . . exited about the project !, 
  actuallly i red the book written by john joseph about the cro mags . 
  there was no emphasis or focus about skinheads , hell i am not even sure the word `` skinhead ' was mention even once ( or i do n't remember it from it ) . 
  i do n't assume i know everything , but i am not really new to the scene , but please enlighten me if i am wrong . 
  flannagan was a sick fuck . 
  but i do n't think he was a real skinhead . 
   to my eyes the symbol of the cro mags is jj not harley . 
  why so much reference to brazil ? 
  are brazilians the na server 's russians ? 
  france, 
  hey i ` am not sweating . 
  it 's kinda hot today , but still ... 
  got them 2 weeks ago , i am wearing them only on the week end , this pair is awesome, 
  nope !, 
  in a store in paris, 
  patches will be the last boss . 
  we defeat him and when he dies his soul is put into a newborn who later gets revenge on random adventurers . 
  `` we 've walked out on the back deck and jo 's standing there with a big grin on his face and blood pouring out of him . '', 
  what a badass, 
  the good news is nobody likes you neither , 
  for the glory of the cock !, 
  yes sure 0 battles won . 
  please open a history book and stop listening to rednecks freedom fries eaters, 
  french history doesn t start nor end with napol\u00e9on . 
  exact !!, 
  et bonus , si on te demande `` do you even lift ? '', 
  tu r\u00e9pond `` actually yes motherfucker ! '', 
  for your culture, 
  i do n't know , i find this video boring , and the fact that he wants to get rid of all the pve is kind of disturbing to my eyes . 
  even in daoc i enjoyed visiting the realm of midgard , going to the bottom of the dungeons , exploring the lore and farming a little bit . 
  i did n't enjoy toa though . 
  shrouded isles was a fucking great add on , toa ruined a lot of the fun to my eyes . 
  thank you for the insight , 
  thank you !, 
  outch . 
  nice social skills we got here, 
  i wake up at 10 o clock to the chant of the `` cigalles '' . 
  i get up , smoke a cigaret then put on my `` beret '' and my `` mariniere '' and i go to the market to buy croissant and coffee . 
  i eat while speaking loudly with my folks . 
  then i take my bicycle and go make a little tour in the village , i speak a little with the old people siting on the `` place du village '' , we speak of strikes and how we dislike our own country and the president . 
  then i head back home and have lunch , we eat cheese and drink wine . 
  the afternoon after i nap i go fishing . 
  then i take my accordeon to practice a bit . 
  i brush my moustache and then i go to the theatre . 
  on the way back i stop by to have sex with a maried woman . 
  and then i go put myself to sleep after that busy day, 
  i have a big baguette , in my pants , sacrebleu !, 
  fucking world war 1 for instance ignorant piece of shit . 
  google it, 
  millenium would be my guess , they have no dota 2 team and 3 frenchies on the dd roaster . . 
  i would be so embarassed if my kid threw a wedding like this one . . 
  what 's cringy about it ? 
  the guy is living the life he wants , you sound butthurt that the girl didn t leave with you . 
  that moustache and that hair . . 
  repost dude . 
  here are some of the french ones , i like them a lot :, 
  i think you are retarded, 
  the awkwardness in this video is high . 
  rent a car and just travel around the island . 
  many water falls and beautifull landscapes . 
  here is a video of my trip : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fai74v_uwkc, 
  ca n't find you on dotabuff, 
  congratulation my friend !!, 
  i train mma coming from a judo/muay thai background and i fucking love bjj !!, 
  hope to get more seriously into it next year and get some belts . 
  i participated in the naga last year and it was a pleasure to compete in it ( lost in semi finals vs the gold winner ) !, 
  how did you get a ko in your first mma fight by training only bjj though ? 
  he will be at wcs , anaheim and dreamhack , plenty of opportunities to shine !, 
  i think stephano is slightly ahead , he won vs tlo last time they met 2-0, 
  just wanted to check your stats by curiosity , not too much interested in playing with you  no bad feelings, 
  that 's why i used the word `` slightly '', 
  good job dayshi !, 
  yep sorry, 
  here is the way to go in modern daoc :, 
  1 ) up to 49,5 with battlegrounds quests and then glass quests in toa . 
  2 ) find a descent temp on forums ( caution lvl 50 temp = / = lvl 49,5 temp ), 
  3 ) farm up glass and plats to up masterlevel 4 , get artifacts , and find a spellcrafter to enchant your stuff, 
  4 ) play in cathal valley to up 5l , it will train you to not be ridiculous in actual real rvr when you will up 50 and 5l . 
  5 ) play in frontiers , find a guild , buidl up your network , 
  0 % win rate ? 
  i find it offensive as a frenchman and not representative of my country or my fellow frenchmans . 
  if one thing , i do n't consider myself as a coward and i would not take it like a joke if some foreign guy calls me a coward and asks me if i am ready to surrender . 
  i wo n't get angry or anything but i do n't find it funny at all , and very disrespectful . 
  well i would totally take it lightely as well if i did n't stumble on so many people who actually believe in it and look me dead in the eyes saying `` yeah man , i know you are all fags and cowards in your pussy country . 
  the ammount of bullshit i read on forums/reddit/internet about this is unbelievable . 
  and the funny part is that it 's not like people were joking about it since forever , no , i have the feeling that things got way worse after we decided to not get involved in irak . 
  thus it 's like a revenge/hate joke or something . 
  and again , saying that we smell bad , that we are arrogant , that parisians are assholes , is ok , i do n't mind it , but insulting all the soldiers who fought and died for france by saying we are all pussys is not ok .
