  cheers !, 
  lol you have no clue it 's not even funny, 
  europe ( fr here ) a bottle of vodka or whiskey or any strong liquor costs around 20 bucks man , if you plan to get drunk in a bar it 's pretty expensive though , it costs me around 60 euros usually :p, 
  lol i guess you didn t even watch assembly finals, 
  lol considering the fact that he is 4-0 vs huk that makes me smile . 
  there are only 2 protoss stephano have troubles with : mc and squirtle . 
  therefore i think he should have 2 spots in his grp and play against himself, 
  maybe it has something to do with the fact papa ra is not a douche : idea :, 
  yeah cause beating mkp 2-0 at eswc or tearing apart puma 3-0 and thorzain 3-0 and every protoss he face since hsc4 ( grubby 2 times 4-0 ) is not impressive . 
  whatever man you are right , the only victory that counts is vs mvp/mma/mc the rest is just horsehsit !, 
  this week end ? 
  never heard of it ? 
  eswc had : mana , elfi , socke , strelok , nerchio , nightend , grubby , thorzain , darkforce , idra , mc , marineking , haypro, 
  scan dignitas : nerchio , snute , beastyqt , kas , bling , titan, 
  eizo : nerchio , polt , goody . . 
  shoutcraft : nightend , socke , ret , grubby , thorzain, 
  ipl 4 qualif : ryung , tails , thorzain , sase . . 
  weak as fuck you are right . 
  just stop man ,, 
  players people have never even heard of ? 
  like who ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  i hope you are not speaking about mana , elfi or kas etc. 
  besides my last message , you are being extremly disrepectful to the players that he actually beats in tournaments , calling them weak . 
  i have the feeling that more and more american ( i 'm assuming you are american ) people are cheering and hyping korean players and gsl more than the foreign scene just because they have very few good players to cheer for at home with the downfall of idra and huk being quite stagnant . 
  ok then , i wo n't start an argument with someone considering mana , kas , ryung , tails etc weak , nothing to do here * jetpack *, 
  let 's go stephano !, 
  he beats koreans at every tournament he enter , and sometimes he looses also , what s your fucking problem ? 
  he does n't want to compete in gsl because it is hard money and he does n't enjoy living in korea . 
  give the kid a break, 
  wtf man , you should have left after 45mins at the restaurant and text her that she 's a bitch . 
  if you get up one day with poo all over your butt you will know where it comes from . 
  will not get any attention but what the hell here it goes :, 
  sunday afternoon i get a text from a girl i find cute asking if she can come over for the night . 
  i am like `` ok come '' casually but i m exited , she 's bringing the weed and ask me to get the booze . 
  fast forward , i get the booze , do n't have time to eat anything before she comes , we start to drink and smoke , it 's funny we are laughing and everything goes perfectly . 
  an hour later i am completly fucked up , my ex girl friend calls , then i start to puke all over my place . 
  my date is like `` wtf '' . 
  then i decide to go for a walk to breath some fresh air , i go out bare foot in t shirt during winter . 
  when i want to get back home i noticed that i had forgot my keys ... 
  so i start climbing the wall of my building , drunk for 2 floors , fall down in the snow miserably . 
  then i called every neighboor with the interphone saying i am a postman and i need to get in ( sunday night . . ) , finally i call my apartment by mistake saying i am the postman and shit , and she opens the door . 
  then we went to bed , started kissing and cuddling and then she said that she was feeling bad for her boyfriend and went to sleep . 
  nice date . 
  ; tl ; dr : got fucked up during date , puked and got locked out of my own place during winter, 
  slivko is not a no name man, 
  yeah well , is it his fault that the bracket was like that ? 
  it 's not only because of this tournament , he just plays very good , and wins a lot of events . 
  nasl qualif 3 top 8 : 7 koreans 1 stephano . 
  that just sums up . 
  i do n't say he 's better than koreans or that he ca n't loose vs foreigners , but , honestly , he would be favored in any matchup vs a foreigner at the moment , he 's the best one imo . 
  funny like some people only remember losses , 
  yeah well , you should n't sleep in a bed with someone that is attracted to you in the first place . 
  alcohol may trigger this kind of adventures . 
  but i feel sorry for you if it hurted you , i have the feeling that this kind of thing is not received in the same way by a male or a female . 
  stay strong be brave , talk it out with the people involved . 
  ask why he did it . 
  i do n't mean to be rude or anything but she 's acting like a crybaby , why is she posting this on a public place ? 
  yeah i do agree that this woman whines a lot on twitter . 
  she 's acting like a drama queen whining like this on twitter , it is not professional and it is kinda lame . 
  indeed , adelscott looks so much like a old school hardcore pornstar haha . 
  millenium house , where the shit gets real, 
  sxsw and lonestar ~ ~ clash ~ ~ cash, 
  ftfy, 
  take your pill and go to bed , your menstruations are kicking in again : /, 
  why do you insult me ? 
  i m not on twitch.tv stream chats , i m not a dragon 's fan neither by the way . 
  what bothers me is this kind of declaration by the manager of one of the strongest sc2 pro teams on a public board . 
  it looks like whining and crying and is completly unprofessional . 
  who cares that dragon reconsidered and want to try out a bit more starcraft after getting a descent offer from a foreign team ? 
  he is not slayers anymore so it does n't even concern them . 
  so will you give me something more interesting that `` go back to stream chat you dumb laul '' ? 
  thank you for your insight d4rk reaver leet from hell killer 666 . 
  you sure know a lot about french history before wwii right ? 
  stephano does n't give a shit about drama and probably does n't even know who is orb . 
  yes it is worth it and the first 14 days are free , post your questions here i will answer you , 
  getting owned by a proxy 8 barrack . 
  he 's his brother, 
  hey guys , i m living nearby , i am french but i m quite fluent in english , may i come say hi ? 
  i m pretty sure he is yes . 
  he also won vs marineking ( 2-0 ) , boxer and ryung drg and hero . . 
  man you argument is pointless , he is allowed to loose to korean players as well you know , you haters does n't cheer when he win and forget asap the win , you just shout everywhere you can when he looses to mc or polt and tell things like : `` if that 's the case then why ca n't he beat koreans ? '', 
  which does n't even make any sense because he s actually winning matches vs koreans ... he does n't play more vs korean protoss players because he is staying in eu . 
  if you want to see him play vs korean protoss wtch is ladder vod from korea , you will se him being dismantle by squirtle but owning sage and genius . 
  peace, 
  and btw i m pretty sure his ratio vs koreans is positive , which says a lot about his skill level . 
  you juste have to say `` ill '' `` yes '' . 
  i am watching lonestar clash 4 so ' . 
  rotterdam , stephano , mrbitter and all the players will make it fun to watch i am sure, 
  lol , why are you even talking about husky ? 
  do you think he is the only on to say `` a few good things '' ? 
  exactly , `` nice teeth , here goes my vote ! '', 
  then you end up with a douche at the presidency . 
  i m going in may would want to know as well where it is :p, 
  who is worst to who ? 
  i agree with you , but you won t change the mind of hardcore gsl fanboys , aka some butthurt uk/us having no player to cheer for . 
  retourne sur le thrad breakbeat garage drum and bass , wubwubwubwub wubbbbududu wubwubwub, 
  ow cool :d, 
  nope it all started in october before that he had less than 5k, 
  ok mister smartass , he made 90 % of his cash in a 6month time , what are you trying to prove ?
