  you do n't understand that we do n't brag about how much men we have lost but try to show you how hardcore this war was ? 
  but no , you clever boys keep on shitting on memories of soldiers who lost their lives in the trenchs . 
  go buy some real history books not the patriotic propaganda you are thought at school along with creationism . 
  thank you, 
  good for you , at least they didn t forgot to teach you how heroic and blessed america is , america is the bringer of freedom everybody knows that !, 
  unless you re not american . 
  i am french/polish and actually you 're wrong , my parents are living in new york i visit them few times a year , i practice american football in french pro league and i mostly like american culture . 
  but i indeed hate the way a lot of american behave toward french people ( not everybody thanks god ) and i find ridiculous how a lot of american actually consider themselve as the saviors of the world . 
  what i find even more stunning is the change in how americans were considering us after our refusal to go fight in irak , it became antipatriotic to like france , and since then people find it hilarious to make fun of our so called cowardise . 
  ridiculous, 
  and do n't tell me it 's not truth i had the opportunity to witness it many many times irl . 
  destiny was mostly relying on infestors , ztephano style is more oriented on upgraded zerglings tho, 
  well in fact stephano 's defense againt drops is outstanding  just saying, 
  then got owned 3-0 by stephano in the same event, 
  no you did n't offend me , but it 's funny because i felt from youre first post that you were a smart guy , called you an idiot anyway but still :p sorry for that . 
  i do agree that it 's r/funny and that 's i should relax a bit . 
  i do n't mind being called a frog or any other french clich\u00e9 even if i don t wear a berret and i do n't always walk with a baguette under the arm , i just ca n't stand being called a pussy or a coward that 's all . 
  yeah we have the third biggest championship in europe after austria and germany and actually france is ranked 6 worldwide in american football , i m sure you did n't know that !, 
  ^ ^ we have professional players from ncaa or even nfl who are playing in our championship as well . 
  it 's nothing like in america but still we train hard , i play db and i train on monday/wednesday/friday on the field and thursday and tuesday at the gym , games are on sundays . 
  i have a job on the side because french players are n't paid ( most of them ) . 
  can you stop copy pasting this shitness from the same anti french website everytime france is mentioned please ? 
  anyway , i m begining to be tired by arguing who is the best on tl and on reddit so i call it a tie !, 
  see ya later !, 
  yup master league eu, 
  okay didn t know that, 
  yeah i know . . 
  i m always happy to meet tourists and get black out drunk with them in a bar after ^ ^, 
  that they didn t experienced big scale war on their soil , the civil population was never threatened , city were n't destroyed ... 
  so . . in addition to being a douche you do n't know how to read . 
  great education there . 
  go back lurkering it suits you better you racist retard, 
  this is going nowhere . 
  steph , do you find allyn attractive ? 
  interested , 
  they suck hard, 
  stephano, 
  if you re asking for sponsors at least post a professional message . 
  yeah i find the level quite poor as well . 
  i play master in solo and all team leagues and i kinda agree with you . 
  i play in random teams and i prefer to be matched with t/p in my team rather then z. i think that z in 4v4 has to focus on harassing with speedlings / burrowed roaches / mutas and let the teammates do the `` core '' army , then get broolords or ultras and some infestors and participate in battles, 
  what about this ricky boby thing , i didn t get it , what was funny about it ? 
  sarens is plretty good and has around 300-400 viewers usually, 
  i would trade thors for goliaths any day, 
  as soon as i get back home , 
  fuck that , stc and artist joined the bracket because of that -_-, 
  not sure if troll :p, 
  that 's right : x i was kinda happy with the brackets the way they were before : all the koreans killing themselves :p, 
  the solution is to not mention destiny again . . 
  yeah the brackets were changed when demulsim got out . 
  this messed up everything : c, 
  now thestc and artist joined bracket 1 and destiny is now screwed facing artist , then white ra , the stephano , then thestc , good luck with that !, 
  kennegit saying haypro/minigun ?? 
  is this guy even slightly aware of the sc2 scene ? 
  fuck you ohio sheriff , you did n't had to shoot all those animals . 
  fuck you, 
  i agree with that, 
  i think france might be ahead ukraine , not sure tho, 
  1 ) nerchio is polish, 
  2 ) strelok is soooooooo overated , white ra looses every bo3 vs stephano , dimaga is good tho even if i didn t see him at any big event lately , he 's the one that makes me hesitate, 
  3 ) you forgot kas who is quite good as well, 
  and tod ... 
  nice try machine, 
  what are u talking about, 
  i upvoted you cause it 's pretty smart, 
  yeah dansken knows better , thx for the insight, 
  still more productive than all other nations , 
  aren t you tired of this lame joke ? 
  he was playing from tunisia with huge lags as well , not relevant, 
  independance day 2 :, 
  the movie is about how a retired cop liroy mckenzy ( bruce willis ) living in china town new york investigate and discovers that the chinese are controlled by an overmind which is living in the desert of gobi . 
  one day the overmind releases the `` order 0078 '' and all the chinese people on all steps of the social ladder ( owner of a small shop to senior analyst in it or diplomat in a foreign country ) become controlled by the overmind and try to kill people that are not chinese . 
  fe : washington , business meeeting in a skyscrapper , a chineesebusiness woman in a meeting jumps on her feets , grab a butcher knife in her suitcase and start slaughtering all the guys in the meeting room . 
  rome , a chineese catholic monk during a celebration in a church starts to choke everybody one by one from the end row with a piano sling . . 
  we can notice overlods cruising in the sky over china which are like radio relay for the overmind cerebral waves . 
  a small force composed of clich\u00e9s from every country is set up to fight against the swarm :, 
  a small frenchman with a moustache specialist in knifes and explosives, 
  a huge polish guy fighting with an axe, 
  a sofisticated english specialist in sniperrifles with a british accent, 
  a japanese guy specialised in stealth and throwing knives/silence pistols, 
  an american dude wich fights with his fists and heavy weapon, 
  etc. . . 
  at the end the overmind is killed and all the chineese guys fall to the ground , close up on a chinese guy on the ground , his eye is opening again , the end . 
  i feel the same way, 
  ohh still trying to discredit stephano ? 
  good for you good for you . 
  now i will put back the ipl4 qualif and enjoy some butt kicking by my boy , steph . 
  appeared kind of anywhere ? 
  lol he is on the european scene for months . 
  how did sase after that ? 
  he has beaten nerchio also not so long ago . 
  i think both players are quite equivalent . 
  the fuck ? 
  thx man , gon na check this out as soon as i m back home : c, 
  same here . 
  i would pay for that . 
  would settle a long time type of competitive rivalry : o, 
  yeah i feel the same way about artosis . 
  i do n't watch anymore games involving idra/huk and artosis , this guy is juste so freakin biased it 's disgusting, 
  i think we will see good fights : o sad that so few koreans are coming though,
