  flash will make work fe into triple factory double armory builds in pvt, 
  bisu will make work phenix dt 's collo drop in pvz :d i play t but bisu pvz 's style is so damn cool to watch . . micro intensive and really impressive, 
  i honestly think that idra will drop out , and sen as well . 
  you are wrong . 
  a long arm is a disvantage for sure, 
  geoff lost a arm wrestle vs a normal guy at some barcraft , there were a pic about it, 
  so he can cry again ? 
  what 's ur spec and why ? 
  brace yourselves , flash is coming, 
  stephano got caught by a massive archon toilet i don t remember when and lost , he said in the stream `` my fault i should have split them '' now he tries to do it every time . 
  well the homestory cup 4 left a bitter taste in my mouth , seeing all korans semi finals and 6 of them in round of 8 . 
  proof please, 
  lol you are so clueless it 's even funny, 
  nah i watched this one . 
  but i remember another game , might be just a ladder game on stream or on a tournament i don t know where he commented about his mistake in the chat . 
  thx for the info thought , stephano vs kiwi is indeed a cool game, 
  yeah steph had good chances imo if he took the homestory cup more seriously . 
  but he had a tough grp etc. . not searching any excuses for the boy , he lost fair and square but i think he could have done better . 
  mc is a fucking beast tough, 
  retard, 
  awesome work , 
  industrial engineer + a master degree in economics and ba ? 
  seems legit, 
  i am curious who do you count in top foreigners ? 
  huk which droped from code s and is struggling right now or idra who hasn t won anything apart iem guangzou ? 
  because imo there were only missing naniwa . 
  what is the technique , if i my ask you , kind sir ? 
  you are some kind of junky robin hood to my eyes . 
  it makes no sense :p, 
  you type a : c, 
  what a surprise, 
  yeah tod is quite good , but other times he looses or pulls out mediocre games . 
  it depends of the day . 
  lol frustrated na ? 
  maybe . . idra . . got figured out ? 
  like steph, 
  `` redefine what it meant to play macro zerg '' ? 
  care to explain ? 
  any of his game in fact . 
  he does n't give up much and at least tries until it is completly over . 
  it is ridiculous how fans try to find excuses . 
  just get a look at idra fan page on tl . 
  people are throwing :, 
  `` yeah , it was 4 build orders loss , cc first counters hatch first ! '', 
  `` idra didn t care '', 
  `` idra was jetlag ( hahahaha ) '', 
  stop freakin searching excuses and admit that taeja is better already . 
  in other fanclub people , when the players looses , people acknoledge that the opponent played better . 
  laul , i would like to post this one in the idra tl fanclub . 
  but ... it 's not gay if it is a threeway, 
  serious question : who the fuck is this kyle ? 
  i will even pay 10,5 $ to test it, 
  i will play the guardian because i love playing healing classes and the guardian seems to have some original defensive abilities . 
  i like to play tanky classes as well so in a nutshell , the guardian looks perfect . 
  you have all my sympathy m8 . 
  i would be pissed if i was in your shoes as well . 
  being french this issue is all over the news right now and the turkish keeping on ignoring the genocide and threatening france make me very angry toward them . 
  for fuck sakes they did it , and not acknowledging it is a fucking lack of respect toward armenian people . 
  they should be looking for forgivness not blinding themselves and telling everyone it didn t happen . 
  yeah rednecks and anti homos and anti muslim racist people have this right . 
  are you seriously comparing the death of 3k people in ny to the genocide of a nations with atrocities , rapes , tortures . . ? 
  `` the eu wo n't even be around in 10 to 20 years '' yeah ok sure . 
  where are you from ? 
  your answer might explain why you write this . 
  turkey is trying to join eu for years you dumbfuck by the way . 
  this is bullshit . 
  this is not at all a move to gain support from right wings extremists , it is aimed to left wing people o_o, 
  the treaty of sevres is no longer empowered . 
  it is not about banning freespeach , but more about empowering laws to procecute people abusing negacionism, 
  debating over this issue is permitted . 
  blindly publicly screaming everywhere that it didn t happened is not, 
  are you really going to copy paste it everywhere ? 
  and it is still wrong, 
  you mean that publicly denying a genocide and making threats to any country saying it happened is good right ? 
  do you also support the way china is boycotting people/countries supporting tibet ? 
  moreover this law is not about free speach . 
  it 's about having a tool to prosecute extremists and negacionism . 
  you wo n't be arrested if you say that you do n't believe it happened . 
  you might get your ass kicked though . 
  you know that even with this law you wo n't be prosecuted by saying to your entourage or random people in the street that the genocide never occured , right ? 
  who is flo ? 
  ow ok , thanks a lot !, 
  i m at work and teamliquid is blocked , i could n't check myself . 
  thumbs up fellow guardian !, 
  let 's bubble everything !, 
  ow , my bad , sorry . 
  i do n't support it neither . 
  look , to my eyes , people lying about mass murdering and negating such a horrible and dramatic event are :, 
  1 . unrespectful to the victims or the genocide, 
  2 . nocive to other citizens because they are likely to be very noisy about their point of view and will try to disinform people around them, 
  this law will neither impact private people talking about this neither scholars debating over the matter . 
  it will impact politicians and extreme right wing groups though , which is not a bad thing , when you have a public stature you have to be carefull about the message you convey to people . 
  last point , this law is not only about the armenian genocide , but is about all war crimes/genocides . 
  there is a world between `` may have happened differently '' and `` did n't happened at all '' . 
  and , honestly , how can a `` scholar '' make an academic paper saying that the genocide did n't happen when it is clear for all the world apart turkey that it did happen and proofs are laying everywhere ? 
  scientific theories and actual political extremist groups do n't have exactly the same impact on hatrance , wellbeing and general behaviour of people . 
  science does n't really change how human beings interact with each other , i do n't know if you get my point , i have some troubles explaining it in english :p, 
  anyway i think that if this kind of laws was expended to science , there would be huge protests , and as you may now , we are the world most skilled protest nation :p, 
  it was admitted that this law would not touch academic works . 
  i am french , i love my country but i would be defintly ok with that .
