  ok cool story bro, 
  why the zergs aint going roach ? 
  roach are pretty ok vs hellions marins no ? 
  i just tryed it vs a zerg , the guy pumped out roaches at the moment where i was droping his natural . 
  the drop failed, 
  boxer is playing like a damn boss !, 
  i m so happy right now that he 's doing so good i love this guy . 
  hail to the emperor, 
  what makes me happy is that a lot people were saying that the guy is done , he just proves them wrong , that 's awesome . 
  i remember watching his broodwar marine macro when i was a kid ^ ^, 
  '' i didn t know incontrol was a teammate of idra , he said something about revenge , made me want to win even more '' such a troller haha, 
  the idra games were pretty one sided also , the second one a little bit less but still . . 
  yeah , that 's why i like how they got slapped across the face for disrespect to the emperor ^ ^, 
  * micro, 
  this is like oldschool broodwar tvt . 
  the same turrent tank into cruisers/wraith transition ^ ^, 
  good luck with that , grab an empty bottle bro, 
  if one of them makes an error it s pretty much gg ^ ^, 
  same here , i m on my mac though, 
  nope , north korea would have made only zerglings , they can t afford cruisers, 
  i m wondering what boxer planning to do ... rain keeps going forward, 
  if by army you mean old kalashnikovs from the cold war and paper tanks then yes , it can afford it, 
  hahhaahahahaha haillllll to boxer \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7 \u00a7, 
  hahha this comic is awesome ^ ^, 
  witchhunt witchunt, 
  thank you very much for the books !!!, 
  are you uploading the bluefire series ? 
  i have troubles finding them elsewhere . . 
  thank you very much for everything !, 
  haha so true . 
  i m a big fan of boxer since sc1 but i can t understand the fascination some people have for pro gamers . 
  they are just humans lik u and me . 
  i don t feel the need to stalk them on esports events , watching them play makes me happy though, 
  ok thanks !, 
  hey that 's a good idea , what is your bar ? 
  i would defenitly enjoy a poker night ^ ^ or even a games night or somethin, 
  hehe ^ ^ yeah it 's the month where every one is going on hollidays , it 's pretty cool for parisians though , less people in the subway and less people in bars so you can get easy sits . 
  hey guys , would be ok for grabbing a beer if i didn t had a broken leg wich prevent me from going outside , but at the end of the month why not, 
  stop freakin saying that bratok would have won , he would loose , he had no scv left and had like only 2 bc 's , stephano with some spores/queens would have countered that easyily . 
  i dunno , i feel biscuit guy is speaking a bit too loud when exited . 
  but the commentaries are descent and the game are fun, 
  stretchers are pretty cool , i have two 1 cm stretchers myself and i m pretty happy with them , ladies do n't complain, 
  can t wait to see stephano go pro , i thin his one of the player with they highest potentialof the sc2 scene given his age and his lack of training . . 
  a lot of teams are interested in him . 
  i m actually impressed his getting a salary from team millenium . 
  i remember team millenium on daoc in the old days haha, 
  wow it s huge !, 
  well he stlll lost :p he managed the proxy stargrate pretty badly, 
  battlenet should frekin allow player to watch create game and host replays so several player can watch them at the same time . 
  i still can t understand what this is not implemented , it was in sc1 !, 
  are you serious ? 
  or are you trolling around ? 
  not world cup winning material ? 
  ok will see about that, 
  your an idiot jesticle , us wouldn t even exist without france, 
  what freedom ? 
  do you think your more free than us in europe ? love how all the americans trolling around always bring freedom as their big asset , allo you re not the only free country around, 
  something you find hard to understand ? 
  maybe if i spell it like this `` you are an idiot '' you will . 
  i 'm not an english native speaker . 
  at least i can speak a foreign language descently, 
  cause i m sick of your dumb white flags jokes . 
  i m not trolling on every topic about international politics or culture on so said redneck fat americans . 
  why do you feel the need to bring up some anti french jokes even when the topic is about an english-american troll picture ? 
  however , if it was not a troll about white flags and french people being pussys , i misunderstood and i apologize men, 
  ow ok then , sorry , i feel like a dick now thank you :p, 
  hmm last time i checked people choose their leaders in pretty much all countries over europe , kings and queens have a virtual power . 
  anyhow , people are as much `` free '' in any developped country than is us . 
  arguing about that is completly dumb , as claiming to be the only free country out there . 
  nice open mind here, 
  yeah the songs are fine , i enjoy the downtimes between the matches . 
  this looks like a fake, 
  is it for real ? 
  if it is well , gg :p, 
  their tears are delicious !, 
  i loved the sign with `` nani qq '' at the end . 
  so true, 
  yeah i saw that but it may have been for the lulz . 
  the pic is looking fake around thehead of white ra, 
  thank you good sir , you enlightned my day , if it makes any sense, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  that was brilliant !, 
  i really thought he would have lost at the begining . 
  i was rooting for tarson but still , i m happy for thorzain !, 
  naniwa qq and is never happy , i hope thorzain wins the series, 
  those ghosts won his game ^ ^, 
  hello i don t know how to smile, 
  yeah the audience was awesome !, 
  very cheerful !, 
  turn off the sound or watch vods , not live events ty, 
  what is this mod ? 
  i think they call him the drunken terran a little bit because he 's polish , but only guessing here :p, 
  team liquid switching to age of empires ii , new pro league , boxer is joining tl for this new adventure , am i right ? 
  lol that is exactly what i told myself when i looked at the picture, 
  how did you get your logo btw ? 
  thank you sir !, 
  girl freeks out at jakucha home , dominos pizza delivery guy calls cops , no number for jakucha, 
  it was eraw171 or whatever his name is . 
  but anyway , number for jakucha ?
