the concept was fine , but this was boring as hell canons . . canons ... canons ... canons . . 
  forgeting about upgrades , forgeting to get sentry first for more energy , turning the 2 first templars into archon and not the two last ones ( more energy on the first ones ) ... this is master league in na ? 
  ow ok , nevermind then we all have our moments  will check up your stream while playing poker, 
  good luck with the house tough , looks awesome !, 
  ps : dr pepper dr pepper, 
  yeah i play for money on internet , there is a lot of rooms were u can play . . 
  i m not us so i do n't know what is available in your country but you should easily find one . 
  ( pokerstars , everest poker , partypoker . . ), 
  as starcraft players we are better at multi tasking ( and playin multi tables ) and reading the oponent so with some therory craft it 's easy to make some money . 
  you see a lot of pro starcraft players turning to poker . 
  i feel bad for being mean in my first reply now :p u seem to be super friendly, 
  sorry about your wirst men , hope it will get better soon, 
  are you giving coaching on eu as well ? 
  i would be really happy to benefit from your knowledge . 
  i 'm diamond terran, 
  our stats are getting wiped ? 
  fresh begining for eveyone ? 
  you do n't want to go all in with aqo preflop usually dude . 
  i think you did well , he fished you that 's all, 
  did you win both of them ? 
  :p i get reaaaaally unlucky with kk and aa usually, 
  did you win both of them ? 
  :p i get reaaaaally unlucky with kk and aa usually, 
  i think that versus this kind of novice players do n't do that kind of move , you have a huge advantage over them and should play with it . 
  if they were a new spade on the turn they wouldn t even notice it . 
  you have to play tight and do n't shove if you have virtually `` nothing '' :p just stay tight wait for a good situation anhd then shove . 
  you will play waaaaaay to much coin flips otherwise, 
  yeah i totally agree with that, 
  nice article !, 
  you did well on the first time , maybe a little c-bet on the first hand would have permited to check the temperature and see if he is really confident about his hand , in that case fold . 
  on the second hand , i think that call on the river this massive raise was not what you wanted to do . 
  call 3.60 with your hand ? 
  cmon, 
  at the beginning i was thinking of reraising but then it occured to me that the co could play with 9t , it 's a pretty common hand to play with . 
  i think i would have raised, 
  depens how you play , i play tight so i do n't , but i play online so maybe there is a difference , 
  can you develop please ? 
  i m ok to size every opportunity to learn more , 
  usually i play cash games with a stack of 100bb , and i do n't go all in with aq , i do with ak , qq , kk , aa . 
  i 'm not a fan of coinflips though . 
  i do , i don t give a crap about zerg :p, 
  france fought in the world war i which resulted in 2 millions dead to gain victory . 
  the population was sick of wars after that and wanted to enjoy some time of peace . 
  i won t develop more about this but yeah , in history france had a very good army , even nowadays . 
  this `` white flag '' stereotype ( especially among americans ) pisses me off as a a french . 
  i do n't know ^ ^ as a french i like germans , i consider us as the big brothers of europe . 
  england would be the ugly cousin :d, 
  heheh just joking , our 2 countries have always had a positive rivalry anyway . 
  yeah maybe but what ur sayin is not coming over over on french forums/internet . 
  we do n't really care . 
  what i care is not to be called a pussy . 
  that 's all . 
  this is all come from the day that we said no irak . 
  that 's where people begun to mess with us , doing completely absurd shit like emptying wine bottles in the streets ( o_o ) and globally growing an anti french sense . 
  i have my pride , like evryone . 
  then , maybe your right though i should grow a thicker skin ^ ^, 
  hahahaha that 's right, 
  sir , you 're a gentleman and a good men, 
  that is very relevant , thank you for this article, 
  you didn t fucked up vietnam right ? 
  big upvote for your boozeois . 
  thank you for the support, 
  a little , but as another redditor said , in us it 's became a normal thing to make jokes like that about france , and the worse part of it is that people actually believe that now . 
  i mean , when i meet an american guy i m not thinking of how some americans maybe fat , maybe rednecks or illeterate , but i m pretty sure that in us i will be told some stuff about waving white flags and how the army of my country is running away . 
  i experienced that already . 
  yeah emptying bottles of french wine in the street , boycotting french products and so on , liberty fries stuff . 
  here some lecture : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-french_sentiment_in_the_united_states, 
  but anyway no hard feelings i do n't give a crap . 
  see that 's the perfect exemple of what i m talking about . 
  that person knows nothing about our history and goes around saying that kind of shit , shit that he fucking believes is true . 
  no stomach at all for war ? 
  maybe you should check what happened right here :, 
  you morron . 
  that is a good comment sir, 
  be brave men . 
  no forgive , is she has done it like this she will do it again , you will find another better one , 
  i was in the us for last christmas and coming back this december , my parents are living in new york , i live in paris . 
  look at this : perfect exemple :, 
  that is also very true . 
  france had a big lign massive line of defence on the german border , the nazis would have never been able to cross it easily , that 's why the nazis crossed holland and belgium to flank french forces . 
  then it was pretty much gg !, 
  go grow a brain retard . 
  you 're embarassing yourself, 
  yeah i agree with that , but this was the years of `` transition '' between the old style of wars and modern warfare . 
  planes were n't used a lot , tanks neither , you basically had only infantry and artillery to take positions . 
  it 's like in the 18xx wars where you hade a shit lot of idiots in a square formation marching forward another bunch of guys in square formation in open field while being shot by another formation of guys . 
  i find it retarded, 
  the germans lost the same amount of soldiers . 
  it was another time , another type of battle . 
  here it was a slaughter . 
  and this was a victory, 
  yeah i know that do n't worry , the biggest part of your population are nice fellows . 
  oww ok then , my bad  ty you 're right about that, 
  thank you for this nice article , hope it will enlights some people like peudotype . 
  boom owned !, 
  i love this one :, 
  `` and you have google and reddit right ? 
  who needs an education !, 
  i have a degree in history . 
  do you ? '',
