  for breakfast avoid fried things , cereals , bread , butter , jam , nutella , just forget it , get some fruits , yoghurt 0 % oatmeals , a few eggs , a black coffee without sugar and here we go !, 
  start by doing a lot of cardio , running , jogging , cycling , jumping around , swimming just to build up your breath and cardio vasuclar capacity . 
  then start to do push ups , abs and a bit of lifting after the cardio scession . 
  finally build a descent program with weights to get muscles . 
  this a pretty common issue , especially fot he people obessed with weight losing , `` look how i m fat ! '', 
  coming from a totally normal girl is classic . 
  did n't try to sound like a perv for real !, 
  there changed it for you, 
  i don t understand the situation you are in or what do you ask from us . 
  right now it appears to me that :, 
  1 ) you broke a vase, 
  2 ) begged the police to take you to the station, 
  3 ) ended up with a weird old lady that you do n't know, 
  that does n't make any sense dude, 
  w and e staring at a blocked compas . 
  today maybe , in 10 or 20 years i am not so sure that you will `` win easily '', 
  are you kidding me ? 
  china has a 2 digit growth for a few decades now and is securing its influence and primary ressources stocks everywhere in africa and south america while america is in recession and starting to lose all her influence ( look at the last american summit with the cuba issue ) . 
  i m not chinese or anything but you have to be blind to not acknowledge their fulgural growth . 
  + you do n't have to worry about food for china , they do all by themselves and they do n't need 2l of coke and 3kg pork chops and ribs to be happy . 
  + a lot of your industrial production is actually done in china nowadays, 
  what means `` we would take south america '' ? 
  look i m not saying they will rape your ass , just saying that you should quit this annoying `` we are america , we are freedom , we rule everything and will kick your ass ! '', 
  attitude and start to have a less biased look on your own country . 
  i wish i could wear shorts to work : c i ca n't though, 
  i knowright ? 
  they can basically show up at the office in any outfit they want ... 
  i ve done it one time , i got a cold glance from my manager and she asked me to go back home to change . . 
  that 's why i m strongly considering quitting my corporate job and starting a business on my own . 
  my employees will be allowed to come dressed as they want , as long as they are clean, 
  i m talking about tens of thousands of micro chips and it parts . 
  they would search for other suppliers or even rebuild factories on us soil but then , a few of your big companies would collapse because of it . 
  the costs would be insane . 
  whereas china has her own production facilities and her own market . 
  if they are not together but just hooked up i do n't see where is the problem . 
  i m pretty sure that givin the fact that all your computers and electronic devices/phones are produced in china , you wo n't get them anymore , 
  once again , i m not saying they will win today , i am saying that in 10 or 20 years it might be a lot more difficult for you guys . 
  in that case can i show up at work in a dress ? 
  would it be acceptable ? 
  why do you focus so much on french attemps to conquer the fatherland ? 
  did anyone tried to attack him and disarm him ? 
  i write up stuff and let other people do it then i say if it 's ok or not while drinking 10 cofeese/day to stay awake . 
  what i would take : swim shorts , sunglasses , solar protective cream , a hat and a bottle of jack . 
  with me : amy smart of slim betty from mad men . 
  got ta have some style going on !, 
  ( i would probably have a sweet day or 2 then die but whatever ! ), 
  the sooner the better , you do n't want to live in the same appartment as your ex , who seems to be a bit lunatic and crazy , trust me, 
  would there be a riot if you ran out of chicken at 13pm in a black hood kfc ? 
  i just want to say that usually the good beers are not on tap but in bottles . 
  check out belgian beers my friend , they are the shit , if you never tasted a chimay , an orval or a duvel you are missing something in your beer culture . 
  chouffe and macchouffe are pretty awesome as well . 
  to finish , you wo n't find craft beers in mainstream pubs in paris , it 's kinda obvious if you ask me . 
  please go back to sleep so i can go out of the closet and finish slitting your throat, 
  i do n't care , someday i will die and when i will be dead , i wo n't give a shit about it . 
  the only think i hope is that i will die fast . 
  source ? 
  `` things '' ? 
  you are talking about human beings right here who might not have the same luck as you did . 
  they get dogs for loneliness and defense on the streets , have a little respect man . 
  i won t buy anything before inferno mode , then i might buy something for 5-10 like a really good weapon or something which will save me hours of farming . 
  but i will farm as well anyway, 
  i m kinda pissed about the raise in popularity of the wd , i prefer to play the lesser played class : o cheaper loots ( ie : druid in lod ), 
  i m gon na appreciate every bite of the d3 scenario, 
  wirt , he had a nice leg, 
  i will use crafting to get descent gear during my leveling , i liked the system in the beta . 
  he will have a ton of pressure for his first pro game , he might be the most anticipated player of all time in sc2 , huge expectations . 
  with bisu ofc, 
  that 's why i wait to settle for a `` straight life '' and get a house before buying my dream dog : ( a saarloos breed ), 
  not really , gg is the `` universal '' way of saying it i guess , bj is used sometimes though, 
  nop it was blue flame + marines and it hit just before infestors were out therefore killing stephano who only had zerglings and a few banelings to defend his choke . 
  well , i do n't know , each time i see tlo in an interview he acts a bit like a douche to my eyes . 
  and he does not seem to friendly toward stephano neither . 
  good for you , i hope you did n't made your millions from laying cynical-shit on message boards though, 
  english not being my mother tongue nor my main language i respectfully ask you to back the eff off . 
  awesome post man , thanks a lot i enjoyed reading the whole story again before rushing head on into d3 . 
  did n't know who was leoric neither , so now the ob makes more sense to me , 
  you gon na see some twisted shit man , but in the end you will go out of this mess stronger and more mature than the most part of your friends . 
  keep yourself away from drugs and alcohol though . 
  stay strong brother, 
  i am not entitled to give you any legal advice but i will wish you all the best and would have bought a meal or two if you were leaving near by . 
  yeah no worries man , i did n't want to insult anyone , it 's just a feeling i have and i wanted to share it . 
  yeah , he might be switching races as well ( same case for fantasy ), 
  top lvl , inferno finished and best gear for my crazy ass witch doctor, 
  everyone knows you 're fat and eat tacos all day long < 3, 
  i m pretty sure i m going to lan on starcraft 1 in my retirement home, 
  at 25 i do n't feel old for any shit , i m gon na rock the hell out of diablo . 
  huh, 
  wd : acidflash, 
  any vod 's ? 
  thank you !, 
  the physical immune or element immune of d2 still give my sorc and my barb nightmares, 
  until you get the rune for the sarbacane the wd is kind of weak , but after that he is descent and starts to be awesome with soul harvest, 
  yea the spiders were confusing the ennemies and acting as a decoy and messing with their pathfinding , pretty op, 
  a few month i guess . 
  all the people saying it will be beaten in a matter of days make me sad , i remember leveling my sb in classic daoc , it took me 33 game time days to get it lvl 50 but i loved that char and was very attached to it because of this . 
  i m going on holidays to iceland for 2 weeks , coming back the 18 though : / my friends did n't understand why i wanted to come back the 15 for a video game . 
  thank you for these builds , any reason why you prefer 2h hammer over greatsword ? 
  well , i am not sure about the real effectivness of the hammer bump or ae . 
  imo it 's better to have a charge to get into the melee or escape and an ae grapple that will give to your mages a beautifull pack of players to ae . 
  i did n't see much players play with the hammer , but you might be right m8 .
