  6 pool is as legit as double proxy rax and commited bunker rush which happens all the time . 
  how often do you see a probe rush ? 
  i doubt it, 
  what is the gomhouse ? 
  are you paying to stay there ? 
  was it hard to get in ? 
  this is the most retarded thing ever go get a life, 
  you are so brave, 
  what oo this is fucking ridiculous , it 's completly out of proportion ... 
  yep good luck countering immortals with maraudeurs or collossi with marines . 
  this would be hilarious :p, 
  gsl match :, 
  deezer : `` i can snipe you all day mexican piece of shit '', 
  mvp : '' ? '', 
  gomtv : `` o_o '', 
  stephano would have done better , shame that he does not want to compete in code s, 
  is hitting the wall and shouting `` bang '' `` bang '' permitted though ? 
  stephano explanation is that it is a very difficult tournament wich will probably not pay off for him . 
  but i think that it would benefit him immensely to stay a month longer in korea and it will give him exposure in korea . 
  i like him a lot but i am a bit confused about his motivation for money . 
  i mean , if i could compete in code s and was payed anyway i would do it for sure . 
  and why competing in code s prevent you from playing foreign tournaments ? 
  get your facts straight he throwed away his games against cloud , he won the only game he played a bit serisly . 
  stephano said that it was a tough league in which he will probably do well but not win and obvisouly do n't get anything from it . 
  he does not like the korean league format neither . 
  i would like to see him there , i am confident that he can shake things up , but well if the kid does not want to spend time far from his family in a country where he knows nobody and to play a hard tournament where he will probably gain 0 $ so be it . 
  edit : lol with the thread downvotes , it s a very legitimate question, 
  yeah huk 's results have pretty much dropped down , i think we can blame travelling for that or just general level which is better . 
  and i am not sure that 100/200 $ reprensent anything to steph :p he 's more attracted to xxk prizes i think :p, 
  cool work bitter , what did you do before casting ? 
  do you make descent money in esports ? 
  or would you do more in a `` civil '' job, 
  that 's exactly my current dilemna , i make a good amount of money doing a job that i do n't really like in eu , but i might get a shitty paid job in the us in esports . 
  i dunno what to do :p, 
  pkayed heromarine in team games , was n't he dignitas ? 
  w/e you say retard, 
  he never said he was cheating . 
  `` that french kid 's attitude '' ? 
  really ? 
  thanks for the info man , i ` am from france , know what a nerf gun is but didn t know that `` nerf something '' was coming from this, 
  moletrap , just kidding . 
  he was making fun of your sentence bro !, 
  `` best british player currently living in britain at present '' redundancy ^ ^, 
  why are you taling about war ? 
  mythic best achievment was daoc ( dark age of camelot ) whom pvp was by far the best you can find in any mmo . 
  just sayin, 
  did you see any fuckd up shit ? 
  eg fanboy always nice and polite . 
  are you looking for experienced players ? 
  why ? 
  there were foreigners in code s since like forever , moreover sen is also a `` foreigner '', 
  top playah ? 
  true that, 
  hahaha, 
  destiny over goody and grubby , what is the op smoking ? 
  yeah seems like the guy do n't want to compete and only wants to stream ladder . 
  i don t get why though . 
  not sure if luck or lack of motivation, 
  nope , stephano already reserved a slot for that !, 
  good point blas ^ ^ my first upvote for you, 
  goody as a free win ? 
  destiny potentially second ? 
  are you insane ? 
  well i did n't see incontrol win a single game since i watch pro sc2 . 
  that s a fact . 
  butthurt yet ? 
  what ? 
  i didn t follow mlg when it was all american . 
  when i started following i didn t see him take a single map . 
  not my fault bro !, 
  the hell i didn t say he never won a game , i just said i didn t see him win one , where on earth this doesn t make sense ? 
  don t be stupid . 
  and paying for it afterwards , what a douche !, 
  going 2-5 in grp stage and being eliminated - long needed break out of the slumb . 
  okay, 
  o_o going 2 - 5 , hopeful about my potential . 
  not hating just being a realist . 
  i like the guy , when he is being funny, 
  yeah but those people are n't bragging about it on tweeter just after they leave the game . 
  hey guys , remember the time i beat thorzain ? 
  good times !, 
  yeah i noticed , but i actually did n't see the game because it wasn t streamed :p, 
  yeah but you are not a pro gamer , you are not suposed to be `` the best '' . 
  i mean thorzain is beatable he is no mvp, 
  thx for tha insight nigga , i need to find the motherfuck now and make sure he wo n't snitch again, 
  could have cut his penis off , he s lucky, 
  i love the sound of popping testicles . 
  delicious, 
  dimaga make me thing of the russian wizzard quiditch champ in harry potter, 
  ftfy niiiiceeee, 
  yes please , and make a highlight video of the game to show the incredible moves . 
  could be used as a trailer for the next gsl, 
  he goes like 21 drones and then pure roach , 0 drone, 
  i think he was joking and you have 0 sense of humor down there , in your basement, 
  comparing flash to incontrol in terms of potential makes me want to puke and shit at the same time . 
  eliminate, 
  cheese is a word used as an excuse when popular players are being beaten . 
  `` whatever he got cheesed , it 's not a real game '', 
  never in hell lol, 
  i hope we will se flash and bisu my fav players ,
