  i dream of a real federal europe . 
  and if the brits want to remain alone on their island , so be it , stay alone guys . 
  what ? 
  do n't see your point here, 
  are you serious ? 
  in france we had referundums for every big decision like the euro , the constitution etc. 
  people have a real say in euro matters that 's the whole point . 
  in that case i would like the eu to be renamed `` la terre du milieu '' for the lotr reference and for the french language . 
  or frank-land . 
  lol , this is retarded , eu citizens are involved via referundums and elected people in the eu decision making . 
  you are just brainwashed by tabloids or ignorent . 
  i am happy to see people like you exist , 
  well maybe you should start , you might enjoy them . 
  eu is not the totalitarian and despot monster you think it is , people get elected and countries are deciding together where to go to . 
  fyi : `` negotiations to modify eu institutions began in 2001 , resulting first in the treaty establishing a constitution for europe , which was abandoned after being rejected by french and dutch voters in 2005 . 
  after some modifications the lisbon treaty was proposed as an amendment of the existing treaties which implemented many of the reforms included in the european constitution . 
  it was originally intended to have been ratified by all member states by the end of 2008 . 
  this timetable failed , primarily due to the initial rejection of the treaty in 2008 by the irish electorate , a decision which was reversed in a second referendum in 2009 . '', 
  source wikipedia, 
  are you really trying to arguee with me by copy pasting a link to some kind of revolutionary groupuscul ? 
  well , where i leave i do n't see myself governed by europe but by my elected government , which is not the best situation to be neither if you ask me :p, 
  haha fair enough, 
  the treaty of s\u00e8vres was annulled in the course of the turkish war of independence and the parties signed and ratified the superseding treaty of lausanne in 1923 . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres, 
  run by science instead of humans ? 
  do you want to be ruled by machines ? 
  quit the matrix man . 
  i have a left wing sensivity , but i still do n't know who i will vote for in april . 
  i am kind of apolitical , i hate extreme right wing and extreme left wing though . 
  france has a very strong identity , that 's why people are a bit reluctant to federalism . 
  i was born in hong kong , i am half polish half french and i lived in a lot of countries over the world , maybe it is because of this back ground that i am so much pro europe/federalism , i do n't really know, 
  we need more overrrlooords . 
  * cough *, 
  okay whatever , i respect your opinion even if i believe it 's a troll, 
  but . . but ... how will we drink together if you ca n't come into my club ? 
  nah seriously i do n't have anything against ` most ' of the brits . 
  i stopped listening to idra a long time ago , now i find him funny instead, 
  well , upvotes and downvotes seem to disagree with you razmumoren, 
  jesus people , calm down , a player forfeit what 's your fucking problem . 
  stunning : timmitchell is a morron, 
  yeah , because you know , he like . . never lost to kas , 
  you are trolling happy_chris from team liquid , and it 's not even funny . 
  what is funny about it is that i saw him loose only one time to a z in a tournament ( it was dimaga ) , but i see him loose quite a few zvt 's . 
  i think his zvt is kinda weak while his zvz is scary because of his really good early defense . 
  you know that you do n't have to win a gsl to be code s material right ? 
  jinro sux for a long time right now , i honestly do n't understand why he keeps playing at a pro level . 
  when did he get stomped by jyp and hero ? 
  i guess you should be a bit more objective or you are just bad at trolling . 
  i disagree with people saying he 's not code s material , but i agree with `` not top code s great '' , finally someone realistic . 
  nah stephano was loosing to grubby in w3 and grubby was training him , it 's the other way around in sc2 , 
  men , you are annoying . 
  this witchhunts and people getting mad as hell for minor things like naniwa probe rushing or stephano forfeiting makes me think that people consider games way to seriously . 
  raging starcraft fan expects quality games , on time , and with perfect commentory , if not , he always has his pitchfork under his bed and is always ready to grab it and go on a witchunt with his fellow little raging starcraft fans . 
  `` the scumbag , he cheesed my favorite player what a douchebag i need to post something fast to express my disgust '', 
  thanks to god there are also starcraft fans who are relaxed and do n't get angry all the time and just appreciate nice games without taking personally potential issues or drama . 
  `` oh , he lost , well i am dispoint but well played by the opponent , this proxy rax was smart '', 
  someone should explain to you what `` games '' means in `` computer games '' . 
  nah i do n't care neither . 
  i think most of us do n't really care , but people who are not happy are usually more noisy . 
  you do not understand , it is esports !, 
  well , kind of , but you know , you are not alone , they entertain other people as well , people who might not get upset if the player decides to forfeit . 
  i watch a lot of streams , i even payed to watch the blizzard cup in hd and i love starcraft , but , you know , i still consider it as a game and people taking it way to seriously without getting involved in events ( i insist on this , i get it if people organizing the event may be upset by this , considering the effort they put in the tournament ) makes me sad . 
  i m talking about the average joe sitting in front of his computer watching the free steam and screaming like a spoiled brat when something goes wrong , aka stephano forfeiting . 
  i completly agree , 100 % . 
  i do n't get why people are getting so mad and feel the need to bash players the minute they screw up something . 
  and this `` killing esports '' is so retarded . 
  nothing `` kills '' esport , especially not a player forfeiting , will you stop watching streams because naniwa probe rushed ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  will you quit watching tourneys because they had network issues at ipl3 ? 
  probably not . 
  so stop bitching around and be nice . 
  idra not direspectfull ? 
  are you fucking insane ? 
  idra is one of the most bm players ever , trash talking every one and dirsrespecting a whole bunch of players . 
  you are a joke, 
  maybe after your lesson stephano will teach idra how to play something else then muta then . 
  well i care about people making stereotypes over nations/countries and especially about this one because it 's mine , get it ? 
  what i do n't care is when a player forfeit a match in a video game competition , do you , by any chance , see the little difference ? 
  does n't make it smarter . 
  nah , there is a slight difference between jokes , and abusive way of stereotyping a whole nation . 
  again and again and again . 
  and i am sick of it . 
  you can stuck your white flag jokes right into your butt , right next to surrending monkeys , the amazing french army knife and the dicks of all your boyfriends . 
  stephano and sen are a level above man , people who do n't realize it have mud in their eyes . 
  yeah i do n't know about that . 
  when stephano wins :, 
  half of them : usa usa stephano so good, 
  the other half : meh he did n't beat mvp and lost to mc , i think he is descent , maybe top 30 foreigner , destiny is better . 
  when stephano loose/makes drama :, 
  all : haha told ya , he got figured out , he is arrogant , he is french, 
  xxx is bad , yyy is god awfull , i think i will beat them pretty easily . 
  then i am supposed to loose to zzzz because zerg ca n't win vs protoss . 
  carmac you are awesome !, 
  good job bling !, 
  do n't see how it is relevant here , i just said that steph and sen  idra for sure , that 's all . 
  are you mrburns from camlann ? 
  are you seriously arguing with me about who is better between stephano and idra ? 
  idra who is loosing in every tournament he enters appart of iem china , ca n't win vs kas , or any middle to top tier protoss ? 
  you know that being invited to the gsl and playing in it does n't make you good right ? 
  being invited in the gsl is not the criteria wich makes you good or average .
