  that he made a shit lot of money in a period of 6 month not during 1 year to highlight the fact that this kid is gifted . 
  sap consultant, 
  why did you change your reply ? 
  jesus chill man , take a pill or something, 
  we are the best , we do n't talk , we look at you with a grin on our face , and if you try to communicate with us we pretend to be doing something important, 
  i m ok i guess , i get 43k euros / year , i am 25 . 
  you what do you do now ? 
  i did 1 year of devlopment , i was bored with abap though, 
  indeed , werks = division , pretty intuitive, 
  story of my life, 
  welcome in the brotherhood , in my country we kill a chicken and drink his blood as a rite of passage , brace yourselve, 
  that 's how we make it all work well , a good ol' farting session, 
  at the end of the day we are going to the basement and initiate a fight club to let go of our stress , we hit each other with pipes and keyboards, 
  high five !, 
  what ? 
  that 's a bit sad, 
  you are complitly right , i mean , if you do n't go and take a shot who will do it for you ? 
  it did n't ended well , whatever !, 
  next time might be better and it 's still better than going back home and feeling like a shit cause you did n't had the balls to go and take a shot . 
  edit : wtf with the downvotes ? 
  that 's sad that it didn t end up well , read my other comment, 
  feel sorry for you , being half french i have mixed feelings about this . . 
  i do n't think i ever had the urge to spit on somebody and i never heard about this stereotype :p, 
  hope you enjoy youre stay over here , i m not parisian but i live here for work for 3 years now and i do enjoy the city , and i do n't get why people are saying parisians are rude , i mean , sure i stumble upon some idiots sometimes or douchebaggy baretenders but people are people , everybody ca n't be nice . 
  if somebody asks me for directions i will gladly answer , if somebody asks for the time i would tell it also . 
  i do n't think i am an exeption . 
  i do n't know about this kind of breed , must be a fine stallion !, 
  yeah , playing late game 6 base zerg and sniping three times in a row a mothership just before it can vortex and then getting away is n't a big deal , even cangiz can do it . 
  you do n't know how to scout , you mass up 1 unit , then you complain . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  damn i missed that , next time count me in !, 
  it was 50 years ago though so it might be difficult to find man , but i will keep my eyes open :p, 
  take a walk at sunset on the borders of the seine with your wife and kid . 
  go buy some cheese , meat , wine and eat in a parc for lunch, 
  try the little restaurants on ile saint louis then bars at mouffetard, 
  take a look at the jim morrison grave in p\u00e8re la chaise , give a look at the catacombs, 
  check out the basilique du sacr\u00e9 coeur and notre dame ( classic ), 
  i would have advised you to get wasted on the borders of the canal st martin or at jussieu , but since you will be with your family , it 's probably not a good idea . 
  when is he coming ? 
  i live in france and i shop for a lot of things in the us : sport gear , things to wear , music . . 
  i lived a bit of time in the us and i love the atmosphere there , and the take away coffees everywhere !, 
  wow . 
  i m feeling sick right now, 
  start getting tattoos, 
  i wonder if they would have taken tommy lee jones to play morpheus if neo was a black dude, 
  who cares , it 's not like you had a child with her and you did n't know about it . 
  smell troll though, 
  did she had the politness to propose you a bite ? 
  ` where did i put this damn bretzel ?!!, 
  scarsh scrash , haaa here you are . . '', 
  this is the thing that disgusted you the most in ur life ? 
  a girl not washing her hands ? 
  god . 
  near barb\u00e8s or stalingrad , most romantic place ever, 
  corsica was incorporated to france before he was born , he was french from the birth , what 's your point smartass ? 
  louis xiv ? 
  educate yourself : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_french_military_leaders, 
  a good ice breaker to ask a woman out , `` hey , i did n't see you in my 45 gigs or brazilian pron , you are new here ? '', 
  `` fun in the kindergarden '', 
  good sleeping bag , food , go chill in a park for 2 days , you wo n't get mugged/annoyed if nobody can find you . 
  laser, 
  my colon , nearly indesctructable , i can eat anything . 
  my mother was telling me stories about him when i was little , thanks for remembering this to me !, 
  `` i really love you '', 
  sierota in polish , god our languages are so close man, 
  rice and pasta are the way to go , i personnaly prefer rice and when i do n't have anything to eat left i cook some rice , make a few scrambled eggs with onions and eat it all together with some topping for the rice . 
  fills you nicely and tastes good . 
  i have the feeling that weed is bringing a lot of tourists to the netherlands and creates jobs there , i do n't think it 's a good thing to go backwards on this issue . 
  for the dutch people complaining about foreigners coming to nl to buy weed i want to say 2 things :, 
  1 ) people stoned on weed are mostly calm and not hysteric, 
  2 ) first time feyenort came to my city in france to play a football game the dutch supporters rolled the tramway on the side , destroyed the whole down town area and fought the police , you guys are trouble too , 
  you definitly should ^ ^, 
  why not man , i could drop by for a few drinks, 
  badr hari was a giant douche . 
  i do n't regret him at all, 
  balls of steel, 
  endless throats, 
  helped a disabled old man to get in the subway , helped him sit down , then helped him to go out and carried him up the stairs . 
  when we got outside the station he hit me with his walking cane and started mumbling insults . 
  but i get laid at the party i was going to , karma . 
  i like smoking when i drink because it s often hot and loud in the bars and i like going out to chat and breath some cool fresh air . 
  you should check this out : http://www.amazon.com/fatherland-ebook/dp/b0041rrh8g/ref=sr_1_5?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1333546086&amp;sr=8-5, 
  who said you ca n't play beer pong while doing porn !, 
  there is a difference between war and somebody getting into your house and butchering your children though, 
  it happened a few times , i m happy to get a compliment but i feel a bit confused and i do n't know how to react so i just say `` huh thanks i guess '' and laugh awkwardly, 
  man just let it pass , do n't answer the phone , do n't act like you are pissed just try to relax and think of something else , go out with friend , go see your family or go buy something fancy you wanted for a long time . 
  end all connections with her , she was clearly aiming to cheat on you do n't be the weak one here and move on, 
  you are a moron his computer crashed, 
  i shall bring my pitchfork !, 
  when is it ? 
  ow , at 3 am on a friday night i am usually completly wasted , will see, 
  were you stressed before starting a birthday show ? 
  how much did you get ? 
  did you brag about it on your dates ? 
  wow, 
  i would be giving birth to babies one after another for eternity while being struck in the eyes by needles . 
  i am a male, 
  not to bash you but sc1 is a pretty straight up game without shenanigans while sc2 is more volatile ( in general ) . 
  i m not pissed when a foreigner tries to speak in french , i correct him if he makes mistakes with a smile and that 's it . 
  and frankly , most of people would be nice to you if you try to speak french,
