  where are the speed & power . 
  no i m training on an appartment bike , so all the stats would be manually inserted by myself . 
  i was thinking of some kind of diagram , or maybe a calendar with annotation . . or something similar . 
  i just refuse to only write `` today i did xkm '' and then next line `` today i did xkm '', 
  i found this : http://wordpress.org/plugins/runners-log/screenshots/, 
  my first solution was to do diagrams on excel and put them in a post as an image, 
  i found this : http://wordpress.org/plugins/runners-log/screenshots/, 
  my first solution was to do diagrams on excel and put them in a post as an image, 
  `` oh today i have chemistry class , math class and then a party at josh , better take 2 or 3 knives and a few cans of food , just in case . '', 
  dieudonne always made fun of religions/ethnies etc , that 's what made him a successful humorist . 
  i think that what made him against jews is the fact that when he did a show about them , like he did one about black people , about muslims or christians , he got a very aggressive response from jew association who tried to sue him in every possible way and diabolize him . 
  when you have hundreds of `` kind of '' fanatic people who are complaining all the time and saying everywhere that you are `` litteraly hitler '' it gets on your nerves . 
  after this it 's just a circle of hatred , the more the jew politicians and medias diabolized him , the more he ( first ) got mad , and then played on it to get fame and money . 
  now the dude plays his shows in full spectacle venues , gets a lot of cash ( police discovered 600 000 euros in cash at his appartment this week ) and rides on this controversed reputation he has . 
  to my eyes , the only shady part of all this situation are his links with the far right of france . 
  which is quite puzzling , i am not sure yet if it 's some kind of very advanced trolling or blunt scumbag attitude . 
  they burnt jeanne d'arc , filthy rosbiff . 
  press + spin cycles i guess ? 
  i am doing 30k every other day on my appartment bike at home . 
  it takes me 1h to do that and it 's going pretty well, 
  do you think it 's different in massiv chicken farms in the us ? 
  i do agree , but it 's funny how the us are banning foie gras , but have no problem with local growers doing the exact same thing in their own country on other animals you know . 
  people are getting all exited about foie gras but do n't say anything about the atrocious conditions in the big mid west chicken/cow farms , because it 's in the us , and it would be bad taste to criticize national businesses in the us . . 
  props to you for eating free range meats in all cases  i am trying to do the same . 
  yes , i can only agree to that , the video is strongly biased toward anglo saxon involvment . 
  lot of small details , like , the uniforms on the ally 's side should have been blue , the french payed the biggest tribute on the western front ... 
  there was a lot of them a few years ago but as with nearly every freeshard , they open and close like the wind . 
  as far as i know all the populated freeshards are listed on daoc portal , where genesis is as well , so i guess you already know them, 
  hey dude , i may have a biased opinion , i visited the us many times and had family there for some time , hell i even played american football at the highest level in france . 
  personally i like the us very much , of course there are some shady points that i do n't , like the french bashing over the irak thing , but all in all you guys are friendly and fun to be around ; maybe a little to proud of yourselves and loud about ` murica , but hey , nobody is perfect . 
  cheers, 
  reload is the album that introduced me to hard rock and metal :(, 
  thanks a lot for this answer , exactly what i was looking for  i will try to mix up all those pathes to get a global picture of the country !, 
  and no i don t speak german :d, 
  yeah i managed to find the switch , i will go to feldkirch as well  thanks again, 
  i see one every morning on a motorbike in griefensee, 
  did you steal this joke from yesterdays amaz stream ? 
  i think it might be a little low to live well , the rents are pretty high and you have to pay for almost everything . 
  considering the fact that the minimum wage is way more than 2000 chf/month it seems fishy to me . 
  is it part time ? 
  world war 1 ? 
  la somme ? 
  motherfucking verdun ?!!, 
  london * with a message attached : `` for jeanne d'arc , bordel '', 
  way to think man , got ta earn those $ $ heh . 
  pretty sad, 
  hugh , why ? 
  moved to zurich 1 month ago , love it so far , welcome to ch !, 
  i will organise a trip on a week end at the begining of october  that a a really good idea, 
  i m french and i work usually in luxembourg . 
  in zurich all my collegues are french or luxo so no language problems at work  in meetings with clients it 's english or french . 
  concerning the burocracy , well , it 's troublesome but not that hard , i mean , not much queues for the work permit etc so it 's ok . . 
  same to you friend, 
  working for an international consulting company , producing tax reports for wealthy clients of swiss banks ^ ^, 
  auld alliance reunited !, 
  not destiny 2 , free dlc please . 
  i really hope they keep on enhancing the existing game by adding content and do n't work for a new destiny 2 release for a few years . 
  you re missing organs man , don t see how you would bang anything, 
  buy raphale, 
  crossbow ? 
  we charge into battle for glory . 
  and then we die struck by a thousand arrows, 
  the raphale is overall more versatile and better at dog fightng than the eurofighter, 
  thanks man , will do !, 
  thank you !, 
  quick question , i train a lot , try to eat clean and get lots of proteins from natural sources ( chicken , eggs , lentils , oatmeals , nuts , fish mainly ) but i keep away from whey and protein powders , is this affecting my gains big time ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks man !, 
  yeah thanks my training is ok i was just wondering about the whey issue for some time, 
  as an expat in switzerland i agree , it s nice to be here with cash . 
  if i was broke i would n't like it as much, 
  ok but what are the differences between a road bike and a tt ( trial triathlons ? 
  oh okay , thanks for the info !, 
  3000 + -  1300 seems like a good deal to me but other comments are rather against this purchase , 
  i did n't think there were many differences between a tt and a standard road bike , but like i said , i am no expert , 
  is it not confy for long rides ? 
  i do n't understand german , well , that 's seal the deal for me , i wo n't buy it , thanks a lot, 
  oh god , that seems aweful , now i get it , 
  why do you ride it then ? 
  cool , do you have maybe a link or something for a real program ? 
  nevermind i found it on the side, 
  what do you think about this one ? 
  it is not that different from what i am doing no ? 
  yeah i am thinking about trying this one : http://www.muscleandstrength.com/workouts/jason-blaha-ice-cream-fitness-5x5-novice-workout, 
  yep , pretty much , 
  ok perfect , for the weights that i am going to put on the bars , for the curls or the bench press for exemple , what should i aim for , having trouble to finish the last set ? 
  does he really recommend 3-5 minutes of rest between sets ?!, 
  at the moment i rest for like 30 sec between sets and 2 minutes between exercises ... 
  currently i m lifting 5 * 10 bench press at 60-70 kg so i will start from there , thanks for the explanation , you were very helpful cheers !, 
  which raids can you solo at lvl 90 ? 
  i just started wow with a sesame i would enjoy to discover old raids !, 
  how do you enter those raids ? 
  sorry for the noob question , 
  meaning thursday at 00:01 or friday at 00:01 ? 
  what is the problem here , if you are not sure about the outcome of a vaccine but you consider the risk worth it for a very dangerous disease but maybe not so much for the flue why ca n't you just ask for the one you consider worth it ... 
  are there videos about other expensions as well ? 
  i just started wow and i would like to discover the lore from previous expensions, 
  what do you need to do to be able to craft those 91 + items ? 
  i just started wow and have a 90 character , i have no professions , should i pick the ones that i am interested in , keep them at lvl1 and when wod comes out i just have to walk out of the portal and i will be able to craft things with wod materials ? 
  you need some plans or something no ?
