  yep , i feel that 3 weeks is just the right time . 
  we did the machame route the first week , guys from the trekking agency picked us up at the kili airport , drove us to the hotel in arusha for one night and then straight to the mountain . 
  one week to go up and down . 
  then the guide for the safari picked us up for 6 days of safari , if i had to chose again i would have spent 3 days in serengeti and 2 days in ngorongoro , manyara and taranguire were not that good , i mean they were cool as well but serengeti is just way better ;, 
  and then after the safari straight to the airport and 1 week in zanzibar to relax and enjoy some sea activities . 
  if you have any questions feel free ! ), 
  it is very expensive if you want to do everything , here is a breakdown of all expenses :, 
  * gear for kilimanjaro ( i had to buy everything ) around 1000 euros, 
  * plane ticket : 850 euros, 
  * kili ( 7days ) : 1300 dollars +230 tips, 
  * safari ( 6days ) :900 dollars, 
  * 5-6 nights in the hotel : 150 dollars, 
  * kite surfing 2 * 3h : 350 dollars, 
  * scuba diving 1 certificate with training and 2 dives : around 600 dollars, 
  * personal expenses ( food in zanzibar , taxi in zanzibar . . ) : around 100-150 dollars, 
  i 'll let you do the sum ... 
  yes i booked nearly everything before going , exept the kite and the diving , 
  thanks a lot for offering such a nice place for holidays , 
  hey  quick question how did you plan this trip ? 
  are the mountains accessible ? 
  did you rent the services of a guide ? 
  nice comic !, 
  i am curious how it will end . 
  in today 's world it is more and more difficult to secede from a country , loans , paychecks , healthcare , social benefits , unemployment money , retirement money , everything is centralized in huge softwares . . moving everything to a new system must be such a nightmare . . 
  it 's not just `` hey we are independent now !, 
  '' , people must consider the tremendous efforts it will take to rebuild a government and all the tools that seems like granted but were developed and financed by decenies of taxes . . 
  + people should be aware that leaving a somewhat stable country and form a new one will most likely have as consequences less trust from foreign investors , foreign companies and worst rates on pretty much everything : loans etc. . 
  i suspect that the biggest part of the electorate simply can not understand this type of issues sadly . 
  they focus on national pride and have blind faith that everything will be ok without understanding the organizational problems . 
  this people will be the first to shout and cry when the administrations will be overwhelmed , money will simply not flow in and they wo n't be able anymore to retire at the same age that before . 
  when national pride is in question people often get irrational . 
  in case of secession i doubt that spain will let the catalans use their systems anymore . 
  i would love to hear your solution on how to run a country with 0 it infrastructure in 2015 , 
  managing a country and a company are two different things , the complexity and the landscape of different systems are completely different . 
  what happens when diego who has payed taxes all his life for that sweet retirement asks for his money and madrid tells him , hey it was nice knowing you but as you are no longer a spanish citizen nor a eu citizen you are entitled to absolutely nothing . 
  what happens to pablo who worked for the last 5 years and is now unemployed ? 
  how those 5 years be accounted for and who will pay him his unemployment aid ? 
  what happens in hospitals where before the state took care of sick people ? 
  how does a new patient be accounted in the healthcare systems ? 
  what happens to the thousands of foreign workers in barcelona that will need a visa to work ? 
  what will happen to tourism ? 
  barcelona being a popular destination because it is widely served by low cost companies and attracts tourists from eu mainly ? 
  i am just asking questions because it genually interests me i am not judging . 
  and cinqo de mayo !, 
  so the fastest mount goes at 150 % speed ? 
  thanks for the information !, 
  are the saddles expensive ? 
  :p how do you get them ? 
  i just bought one for 750g on the housing , 
  thanks a lot !, 
  worked like a charm, 
  got a source for that ? 
  i do n't really know but since i came back my only goal was to have a viable solo vamp and i am mostly soloing . 
  there is a big zerg , there is a a lot of 8 mans but it is also possible to solo a bit and i see some people running small mans and duo/trios ... 
  i guess that if you find the right mates everything is possible , 
  72 anons from 4chan, 
  please do not come to our theaters with a strap-on . 
  if i would roll a new toon to solo i would do a minst , it 's a great toon, 
  it is a hoax , the girl lied, 
  `` it was the french , it was the bloody frogs ! '', 
  this orangoutan has some dope shorts and sneakers, 
  can t you just let the dude enjoy his win ? 
  statiscally you drink less than germany , france , luxembourg , andorra , portugal , ireland . 
  and that is just for western europe . 
  o really , i would like you to find another country in the world with about 6x million population with as much influence , military independance and diplomatic reach as france has . 
  all in all i think it did not work so bad . 
  i like both games , pillars for the mechanisms and graphics , bg series for the lore , the story line and nostalgia . 
  i find the story in pillars pretty boring, 
  rentier . 
  merci, 
  hey !, 
  i went with congema : http://www.congemasafaris.com/en/ for both the kili and the safari , we were in tents for the safari , 
  yes, 
  thanks !, 
  i use two in my template , 
  can you prove this ? 
  edit : username . . 
  you 're a man of many words . 
  thank you for this, 
  is it not the first year since forever that they meet the 2 % of gdp ? 
  i think you need slightly more saturation m8 !, 
  next one : `` you wo n't believe what a doctor finds at the end of his patient scrotum ! '', 
  basel sucks . 
  but i am with you on the old crow , fine choice of whiskeys and bourbons , would recommand . 
  you 're the same guy who made a post on the hearthstone subreddit ? 
  from brazil ? 
  first military of europe , less than a regional power . 
  came for the `` lol france and uk in the security council '' salt , was not disapointed, 
  `` get out , pleb '', 
  the skill must help  thanks, 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  i am already 160 tunrs into my game , all the north is already my ally and i m kicking the empire ass at the moment . 
  still ca n't recruit the best units though . . 
  hence my question about the population surplus going up quite slowly . 
  question legit, 
  keep your anger for the quarters , 
  not the best times to be a brit, 
  mental illness i think . 
  not even joking, 
  you will see tomorrow , no need to worry , germany will win,
