  lol sweden bias much ? 
  i did n't know the dude , but he seems to have an awesome personality and is a die hard hungry fighter, 
  gratz !, 
  you were better then him and deserved the win , big props to you !, 
  cool matches , if only it was stephano vs naniwa though :( stephano vs lucifron is awesom but they already played a lot last weeks , imo, 
  nerchio vs lucifron, 
  stephano vs naniwa, 
  would have been better overall ( for the show ), 
  are you seriously recommanding daily monop and pomme de pain to relax/read/work ? 
  it 's like , the most cold and frigid and busy place you can think off . 
  maybe carrefour at 18h could be worst but nonetheless this places are n't good at all . 
  cold world is fucking awesome , seen them in paris playing on a motherfucking boat !, 
  props to poutine for being 8dan in judo . 
  thumbs down for being a douchy dictator, 
  that ippon by the french girl is superb . 
  i m stuck at work but i think i am going to hide in the toilets to do some stretching, 
  tie your penis, 
  share a flat with people . 
  meet people you live with . 
  meet people that are friend with people you live with . 
  go out with people you know . 
  meet new people . 
  if you live alone :, 
  find activity you like . 
  meet people that like same activity . 
  go out with people you met at the activity . 
  meet new people . 
  social skills 101, 
  try holding your head in the freezer for a long time to make it used to cold . 
  increase your skills in deep throating . 
  win . 
  do you usually start your fights standing in bjj ? 
  i trained 6 years of judo so i might feel more confortable to start standing . 
  i always though you guys only fight in newaza , i watched some bjj tournaments and i was excited to see that sometimes you guys also fight standing . 
  did you fight a white belt on your first tournament ? 
  guard pulling is when the guy just jumps and wraps his legs around yeah and tries to bring you to the mat right ? 
  very good advice i will look up on youtube some ways to counter this and ask my teacher . 
  i feel like pueele and min were cheating on me . 
  yes , it 's the naga europe . 
  one of my bjj coach actually told me that most of the competitors that will compete in novice will have a strong background in judo or wrestling but started bjj < 6 month so i still do n't know in which category i will try myself :p, 
  that 's exactly the type of tips i wanted to hear . 
  i will try this next time i fight him . 
  you are 100 % right about hip throws , the guy just stands back , lift me up in the air and smash me into the ground . 
  before trying to find a track to run find a place to live . 
  you do n't want to take the subway or w/e other transportation just to run in the morning . 
  when you will have found a place to live , just check around to see if there are some nice places to run . 
  i do n't know . 
  do n't buy the game ? 
  delete your dishonored game and trash the game . 
  or better , give it to someone else . 
  he 's ugly and he speaks in a way that is extremly annoying . 
  even the way he behaves is annoying . 
  sounds awesome . 
  just good time with close friends . 
  reliable statistic without any proof : 97,3 % of smokers started because it was considered `` cool '' and/or because of friends . 
  absolutly not , cheating is never ok . 
  it 's like `` it 's ok to cheat if after that i give a bit of my money to charity to make it seem ok '' . 
  it depends of the people . 
  i am rather looking for social people , to cook together , watch movies together . . you know just hanging out . 
  but i like that they respect my privacy and if i wan na geek for a few hours on my comp or w/e they just le me do so . 
  no pressure , just regular cool people with ideas and social skills . 
  hit the gym . 
  delete facebook . 
  stop being a pussy about it and try to think of something else . 
  not the end of the world trust me . 
  just say to yourself that eventually in some time you wo n't think about it anymore and you will be happy again . 
  edit : salut je downvote car je ne partage pas ton opinion . 
  in 30 years i think you will have more constructive activities than playing mmorpg 's . 
  just sayin . 
  fair enough , 
  that 's what i thought . 
  i thinked about it and i remembered that when i tried to move him and build kuzushi he just stuck his feet into the ground and did n't move at all . 
  yes , he pulled back and pushed me to the ground , 
  if i bring him forward he just kind of bends over , and pushes his shoulder on my head and blocks every movement while trying to put an over hand over my neck or to my belt on the back . 
  actually he did n't train , he learned everything he knows from youtube videos . 
  sport made it a lot easier for me . 
  less time bored at home and the pain to breath on the field when i smoked during the day . 
  right now i smoke ocasionaly 1 or 2 cigarettes in the evening after working out . 
  i m trying to get rid of this habit too . 
  i think i would not join the `` let 's get out of town !!! '', 
  panic wave . 
  i will sit tight at home after massing as much supplies as i can . 
  get some books to read to not get bored and then sit at my window and see what 's happening . 
  when things go down a bit i will look for a better place to stay . 
  my flat is kinda little and on the first floor so it 's not the best place to stay . 
  i think the safest place is like , at the top of a big building with a huge appartment and only one massive iron door . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  i think you 're being too picky . 
  if you do n't want to study just do n't . 
  sometimes you got ta suck it up and just work even it 's not interesting/hard . 
  i live in a big city . 
  if you mass up enough supplies to let 's say , survive for 1 full year . 
  and you are living behind a big iron door locked on the last floor of a 3x-floor building . 
  why would you want to leave and move around ? 
  i would work out daily , try to learn new things from books , ration my food , shit/piss through the balcony . 
  write a journal to not get crazy . 
  go out sometimes to find new stuff sometimes ( best way to get killed though ) . 
  ow and if you hang out with people who smoke a lot , avoid them for some time . 
  i am 26 . 
  i would stop at 25 awesome age .
