  so if , let 's say , one teacher abuses a school girl , all teachers are pedos and ca n't teach anymore . 
  if one doctor is drunk on the job and kills a patient , all doctors are therefor not suited to give medical advice, 
  if one australian rapes someone in thailand all australians should be banned from australia . 
  if one austalian is racist all are . 
  do you see my point ? 
  or should i explain it more clearly , with maybe drawings or sth ? 
  do you have a source for france pointing accusating fingers at the qwoqas extermination ? 
  ca n't you phatom that the behaviour of a few citizens does not jeopardize the ability of said country to give advice or w/e ? 
  i want you to link a source for this stone throwing please . 
  who cares where are they coming from . 
  they are not even french , they come from monaco, 
  who cares where are they coming from . 
  they are not even french , they come from monaco, 
  who cares where are they coming from . 
  they are not even french , they come from monaco, 
  haha i asked myself the same question, 
  or maybe , you know , they do n't have enough manpower to personally spy on every suspect in france every day for years ? 
  it 's how the integrated terrorists operate , they behave normally for x years and then wake up and do something . 
  seems glorious, 
  not yet , i just received it and i am trying to restrain myself from drinking all the time and just appreciate a glass here and there :p, 
  he merci la !, 
  yes indeed , i was right under it in one of the little cafe , and that s suleymaniye mosque , 
  france is selling much more weapons this year than last and if it continues like this they will climb at the second spot . 
  you did n't finish the caed nua story line though . 
  if you are lvl 7-8 you pretty much rushed trough the game imo , 47h in or not, 
  you find a lot of usable objects during the game to summon things to help you in fights . . 
  same as everybody else , master 's below , lots of summons , bugged the game . 
  did n't try to reload, 
  hey no problem , i do n't finish everything neither but i always try to make enough to reach max level though , and i like getting the best possible gear . 
  i am a diablo type of player , i am not really here for the intrigue or the story line but rather for the xp and the loot . 
  i think that you start the quest with the statue in the main building of the castle . 
  the quest asks you to explore the depth of the castle to search for the depth master or something , pretty clear to me . 
  you can feel when you get inside that this zone is a perfect dungeon crawler , and that should have pushed you to explore it , for xp and gear :p . 
  on your first run in bg2 , tob or bg1 it was very hard to beat the final boss with a level deficit and bad gear as well . 
  if you are level 7 you have only 58 % of the potential power of your character , and you must be lacking a lot of gear . 
  it does not surprise me that the final boss is hard borderline impossible . 
  if you get to irenicus with 1/3 less level you should have and missing all the high tier gear you re going to have a bad time as well ( at least on your first playtrough ) , 
  yeah i played the shit out of this game as well , that 's why i said `` on your first playtrough '' , on the other ones when you have all the intel on gear etc it 's a piece of cake , i also done some solo runs with mage , priest/ranger etc on bg2 , 
  some guys have also done pillars in solo as well, 
  let 's see eachother next year , when our full team is playing . 
  and it 's pretty funny how you guys need to brag about sunday , pretty sure we would have not . 
  and it was freaking 4-3 . 
  well i am working in dubendorf at the moment , and it is not the most fancy place around , but it 's not that bad . 
  fuck i wo n't be there either i am at a wedding in france , if we could delay it to the 26 or 27 or 28 it would be better imo :p, 
  4 hour hike to get there though . 
  but it was well worth it, 
  tu n'as personne \u00e0 charge , tu es libre comme l'air . 
  peace, 
  i would be happy to join . 
  i have a few bottles at home that could be shared . 
  on aime ou on aime pas mais il y a du travail derriere les lyrics . 
  leaving europe would be absolutely stupid . 
  this is not times to run alone , strenghting up the bonds with our european neighboors is the only way to remain competitive and strong . 
  i bet you vote fn, 
  europe is absolutely the child of france and germany . 
  germany does not pull all the strings and take all the decisions . 
  they have a better economy than us so sure they have more to say about the financial aspects of the eu and the intra-europe politics but they are less relevant on a global scale , they finance more than eryone europe and are the most crowded country ( not for long though  ) . 
  france is much more invested into the foreign politics of europe ( and will maybe assume some kind of ambassador role in case of closer bonds within the eu ) . 
  you ca n't blame the global worldwide crisis on eu . 
  if we had troubles the last few years it is because of a lot of parameters . 
  now that the crisis is starting to fade away look at the expected growth and the good forecast for france economy . 
  voting for fn is fucking stupid . 
  they do n't know what they are doing , they try to exploit every scandal and every event to gain votes , they leading figures are disgusting ( scandal about the dude who burnt the cars of the people in his town to blame it on the insecurity , gollnish or w/e his name at the fn meeting just google his name + le petit journal ) . 
  they have too much ties with russia , they are anti everything and pro nothing . 
  having them in power will be a disaster for everything we stand for , economically , socially , it will ternish the image of france for decades labelling us as racists and europhobes . 
  and i actually believe it will lead to a very violent answer from the people in france and a massive exode of those who actually think or have a humanist nature . 
  you will remain in france with the very elaborate population who votes for le pen : poor ineducated white populations ( working or not ) who blame everything on the government and not on their lack of education/skills and who are easy to manipulate , racists , anti evg , homophobes . 
  good luck with that . 
  if you actually think that marine will bring good to france you are delusional . 
  at least vote for jupp\u00e9 . . 
  oh and for the europe part . 
  leaving europe will be a cataclysm for the whole economy of europe , not only ours but also the ones of our neighboors , people will hate us for this , we wo n't benefit anymore from the multitude of good things that come from europe , and i am not only talking about the economic agreements , the trade , but also about the human benefits of bonding with different persons from different cultures . 
  it is only as one unified europe that we will remain strong not as an archaic chauvinistic little country who believes she is better than the others and that it will be better alone . 
  i find extremly sad that nowadays the voters for fn are not hiding like they did in the past but they are proud about it . 
  i have probably friends who vote fn , good thing they do n't talk about it . 
  lol do you even read german newspapers ? 
  because i do and they absolutely not despise us . 
  we are partners and that 's it . 
  germany gets jobs and money from europe ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if the unemployment rate is better on the other side of the rhin it just means that they are doing something better , and they are , the industry in germany is exporting more than in france , people are not striking all the time resulting in net losses for the company , you guys are spending too much time complaing and not enough time working . 
  the unemployment is historically bigger anyway in france than it is in germany or the uk , imo there is too much welfare and too much social aides in france but it is another debate . 
  industries that flee to germany , like who ? 
  about political influence i told you , germany has more in europe and it is quite logical giving the fact they are bigger and richer and are contributing more to europe than we do . 
  but we have more political leverage on the global scale . 
  different abilities different goals . 
  do you think we have an equal relationship with poland ? 
  the netherlands ? 
  are they complaining ? 
  i opened an account at degiro right away . 
  thank you for the advice !, 
  the third pillar is a first step in that direction . 
  i will go to my bank ( ubs ) and ask them about the different options . 
  i also opened an account on degiro to start to play around . 
  i have an account with most of my savings in france so i linked the degiro to that one . 
  do n't you believe in the stock growth in the next few years ? 
  i would have loved to buy it a 33 $ / share but i think that on an horizon of 5-10 years we can expect a high evolution of the stock . 
  + they announced they will be starting to distribute dividends in 2016-2017, 
  france also bombed is , they did only contribute money wise or support it . 
  copi\u00e9 coll\u00e9 du net :,
