  jealous ? 
  god , everyone downvoting you to oblivion on every post you make , what are you doing here beside spilling your hate everywhere ? 
  idra is gm yet ? 
  any link to his kr account ? 
  the fuck with the downvotes ? 
  i am just asking a question o_o, 
  same here :p, 
  zerg , best matches = destiny vs x and destiny vs x , fanboy detector : bip bip bip, 
  not sure if troll, 
  boxer vs rain mlg, 
  stephano vs kiwikaki ipl, 
  jjakji vs leenock gsl, 
  now that he has been eliminated from wcg he can try , 
  does someone has a link to the pool results please ? 
  yep man, 
  lockdown on immortals/collo =  win, 
  i think the majority of the people who actually know who you are consider you as a pretty bm person . 
  i remember a certain post on tl where you were saying that you apologize and that you will change , a few days later you were already bming the shit out of people . 
  i am not looking for a coach , but if i was i think i would try to find a better player than me ( you are probably better than me ) but who is also cool and friendly ( . 
  well i have this sticking memory for 1 year now , i used to watch a bit of his stream back in the days and he was just an absolute jerk to his viewers and was banning them every time he was getting mad/loosing . 
  then i stopped watching him . 
  maybe he changed , maybe he did n't , i think he did not . 
  thx man, 
  whales and dolphins bombed japan during ww2 though, 
  tod and rotti are quite friends i believe . 
  i feel bad for tod , he 's not bad at all , i do n't understand why he forfieted though : /, 
  yeah i do n't get it why all koreans males are listening to this . 
  i mean , people do what they want but this mostly girly music and pretty lame . 
  it 's basically like listening to britney/christina/whateverpopwesternbimbo right ? 
  it 's maybe a cultural thing . 
  if this make them happy why not though, 
  ok that makes sense , thx for the insight . 
  so basically they have less choice and are more limited in what they listen , kpop being the most popular thing it drags most of the people with it . 
  okay, 
  yeah i feel they same way , maybe they have less choice and do n't really bother looking for music abroad like we do . 
  and i agree on the gsl music which is quite good , 
  yeah well , korean hip hop reminds me of boys band, 
  it 's french not only french canadian :p, 
  not really afraid , people will have to adapt . 
  i didn t like the new units of bw though and always played sc classic on bnet :p, 
  it seems that not really, 
  lol an all in is when you put all your stack in the same pot and say all in , silly redditors, 
  edit : i don t even understand now what i understood before , sorry bro !, 
  i agree 100 % but fanboys are not happy with it \u00a7, 
  zero clutter no rush 20 , first unit = carrier , i m so good \u00a7 \u00a7, 
  who cares he plays better , stop trying to be marketable and train instead, 
  amen, 
  are you going to cry ? 
  can you please englighten us on this matter ? 
  any arguments ? 
  thx for the info man , forgg killed shit lot of zergs with that, 
  edit : happy right now :d, 
  and then , stephano, 
  nope it 's just blasphemi the usual stephano hater with halloweed , don t give him any attention and downvote everything he posts, 
  yep you do n't ^ ^, 
  yeah well , if you leave / loose every time you get cheesed i do n't call it `` being used to '' . 
  it s a smurf it 's byung you retard, 
  where are you from anyway ? 
  i m kinda curious to know more about you man, 
  oh durdur1 the good old hater . 
  so . . loosing to the best t on the planet to a build order loss is making you bronze ? 
  learn your math idiot, 
  mad that stephano won this game right ? 
  youre post smell bitter, 
  no , you think that he 's shit m8 , you just spit on him in every stephano related thread and you would be just dancing with joy tears in your eyes if he had gone 0-4 and i am pretty sure that you would have even make a thread about it . 
  and i don t know why ` stephano could win code s ' seems so much wrong to you ? 
  who knows really ? 
  steph pulled a very good prestation today appart his game vs mvp where he got hard countered by hidden blue flame hellions after mvp faked classic fe marines/tank push . 
  i 'm not saying he'is the best but the kid fucking deserves at least your respect man, 
  who cares about a marketable personality ?? 
  i just fucking ca n't understand why you gives give any credit to this kind of assertion . 
  are we talking about freakin pop stars with `` marketable '' assets and fake drama queen abilities ? 
  or are we talking about starcraft players and we respect their skill ? 
  damn teeny fanboys, 
  he 's also an expert in profiling and personality analyzis . 
  this guy is skilled, 
  you do understand that vs drg stephano had actually the bo loss right and not drg ? 
  what 's the point in going fast gling/gling speed/banelings if you do n't get an early advantage against a first hatch player . 
  steph micro was just better than drg was . 
  vs hero he just outplayed him , but i do agree that hero sacrificed a few units in a total useless and noobish way . 
  vs mc well , all in failed , playing from behind , i have the feeling that a few more roaches and few less zerglings would have changed it completly , 
  what i wanted to point out is that going 2-2 is quite a descent position , but okay , i get it , you are just convinced that stephano is trash , he 's beating some koreans , he has an impressive ratio/run on the k ladder , did you even watch his stream ? 
  but i guess that nothing will convince you anyway unless he wins a gsl . 
  i am starting to think that there is another reason behind you 're attitude toward stephano racism or w/e . 
  do you think he will be allowed to play in his usual set up ? 
  meaning one screen with his game and another one with the mlg stream going on ? 
  well he beat him in bcup ^ ^, 
  just hallowed , same retard over and over again . 
  they should open a club , blasphemi + durdur1 + hallowed , the angry nerd team, 
  that 's even more a shame . 
  khaldor is ok . 
  maybe idra is learning to be humble and more respectful ? 
  hell about time, 
  what ? 
  7 probe a move rush without micro = / = 6 pool wich is a regular cheese . 
  what s your fucking point ? 
  and check superspindel account he just spam this everywhere . 
  can we actually ask to ban him ? 
  stephano is pretty well respected as well bro, 
  nobody gived a fuck about those games .
