  poland : 120 000, 
  navy :, 
  france : has an aircraft carrier , nuclear submarines , 10 destroyers , 11 frigates ... 
  poland : 5 non nuclear submarines , 2 frigates . . 
  air force, 
  as you said 216 to 112 aircrafts . 
  the rafale being one of the best aircrafts there is , beating grippen and typhonns in dog fighting etc. 
  i wo n't do a debate over this but trust me it 's a top of the art aircraft . 
  others, 
  we compared some numbers , ok . 
  but here are some more factors :, 
  \u2022 technology : france produces herself most of it 's gear , no need to rely on foreign technology and perfect grip over the industry + research and development capabilities . 
  \u2022 special forces : well . 
  france has more , and i trust better trained and better supported commandos/special forces, 
  \u2022 nukes : france developed it 's own nuclear power . 
  does poland has nukes ? 
  \u2022 worldwide presence : france has military bases over the world , presence in the pacific , in africa , in the indian ocean ... and can ( more or less ) deploy troops everywhere . 
  \u2022 experience : i am sorry to bring that up , but poland has no real experience in war with modern gear . 
  apart for it 's help in the war on terror in afghanistan and irak . 
  hey man , is it the specialized diverge ? 
  which model ? 
  are you happy with it ? 
  i am planning on buying one in march , i would really be gratefull if you could give me a small review and your thoughts about the model , 
  it absolutely helps  thanks a lot for your answer !, 
  i an buying mine next month !, 
  and i would like to add a small comparison between the f16 and the rafale :, 
  here are the ratings reported :, 
  eurofighter = 5.83, 
  f-16 block 60 = 5.80, 
  * moreover , the former red arrows team leader - peter collins -- stated last month that it should be done justice to this aircraft for the rafale would be according to him -- as he had just flown a standard f3 rafale -- a `` war-fighter par excellence '' . 
  he added that he deemed the rafale to be the best and most complete combat aircraft that he had ever flown . 
  he concluded in saying that if he had to go into combat , on any mission , against anyone , he would , without question , choose the rafale . 
  a un moment faut avoir un minimum d'empathie . 
  that 's hilarious , getting rekt like this and not fighting back, 
  maybe some lessons in waste management and general hygiene ? 
  that 's not even a little bit funny , like , it 's a really terrible joke . 
  yeah it gets old when it 's the same lame joke over and over again, 
  this is absolutly correct , source : i am an expat in zurich, 
  i m pretty sure that we can indeed give advice on this to the indians . 
  we do not have smelly dead bodies floating around in the seine river and i am pretty sure we have less diseases and better public education over hygiene , you ca n't really argue about this . 
  putting aside your lame ass stereotypes i also believe that we care as much as you do about hygiene . 
  i am pretty much sure that we care more than you do as a matter fact . 
  the source of this stereotype is :, 
  1 ) the fact that during renaissance people were not bathing as much as today and nobles were putting lots of perfumes to cover up . 
  2 ) after the liberation of france people did not have soap and general commodities which made it difficult to take care of themselves . 
  not really the same times you know . 
  the plague hit harder the most populated and urbanized nations , which were france and england at that times . 
  not much to say about being filthy or stinky , contagion is just easier in populated clusters . 
  and it was centuries ago . 
  ya know , when you 're country did n't even exist . 
  `` the black death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of central asia , where it then travelled along the silk road , reaching the crimea by 1343 . 
  [ 6 ] from there , it was most likely carried by oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships '', 
  `` the plague disease , caused by yersinia pestis , is enzootic ( commonly present ) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents , including marmots , in various areas including central asia , kurdistan , western asia , northern india and uganda . 
  [ 8 ] nestorian graves dating to 1338 -- 9 near lake issyk kul in kyrgizstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic , from which it could easily have spread to china and india . 
  [ 9 ] in october 2010 , medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in china '', 
  the third plague pandemic ( 1855 -- 1859 ) started in china in the middle of the 19th century , spreading to all inhabited continents and killing 10 million people in india alone, 
  if you want to argue chose something easier to defend that the theory that the plague hit europe and france because we were more filthy than other nations . 
  now please go back to dota in your basement . 
  please go troll somewhere else . 
  did you even go to india or europe ? 
  are we talking neanderthal ages or today ? 
  i simply said that nowadays india can take lessons on hygiene from the west . 
  i do n't see how this is debatable . 
  as soon as you lay one foot out of mumbai airport you can smell it , take a walk trough new dehli or any other city you will see what i mean . 
  `` it helps to keep the stereotype of european ignorance strong '' yeahm , thanks god not as strong as the one in north america huh . 
  i can agree on one thing with you tho , techies is shit . 
  le tabac brun !, 
  france is not short if you count the gendarmerie spendings which are also part of the military, 
  classique build de starcraft 1 , faire un barracks ou rax \u00e0 8 de pop . 
  to discover all aspects of french food you have to taste and discover meals for all around france . 
  french cuisine is extremly diverse and i am pretty sure that you have actually no idea about how deep it is . 
  but no problem man , you have all the time in the world to make up for it , 
  i like italian cuisine as well , for a quick meal i will chose italian . 
  but for a real heavy dinner , i will chose french every time . 
  he loves the coco tho, 
  it 's the video games man, 
  maybe in wales, 
  jealous polen who think she s relevant, 
  is it common to have nobody at 7am ? 
  all the pictures i see are always crowded with people , you did n't photoshoped the out of the picture huh ? 
  i usually just eat a single thing , like , if i m eating cereals i eat one bowl of cereals , if i eat bread , i eat bread . 
  those guys eat a feast in the morning !, 
  it 's part of france though, 
  do you have a problem with people being happy that their submarine did well ? 
  well you did not choose the worst place to stay :d i would say that you are in the perfect spot to enjoy paris as a tourist !, 
  i do n't get why people just ca n't say `` well played bro '' and just have a beer together , nah , you must feel bitter and just downgrade the victory of others , great sportsmanship . 
  well , i would love to have a documentary on those drills . 
  highly unlikely tho, 
  yes , but it is still part of the actual country , which can explain the relative wealth of this set of islands . 
  * respect the rules and laws, 
  * park well, 
  * buy special zurich trash bags for your trash, 
  * sort your trash, 
  * buy tickets when you take the train, 
  * do n't speak too loud and walk quietly in your apartment, 
  * do n't try to speak to strangers, 
  * prepare yourself to pay for absolutely everything, 
  * enjoy the beautiful nature and good money , 
  edit : this morning i got a parking ticket from a private garage . 
  i parked on a parking spot there because there was plenty of free places at 8h13 , the ticket on my windshield is 8h15 .
