  bounty points to get decap items , artis , ml 's ... 
  very good memories from that time and i am looking for a similar server for a long time . 
  i play on live as well . 
  not as much as before but if i have a couple of hours to kill i log on . 
  this is absolutely hilarious :d, 
  as a judo fighter i love that move , using it every now and then during my grapp/bjj sparring sessions !, 
  who cares siemsu !, 
  i guess you can go to an irish pub ? 
  corcorans , hide outs , o'sullivan . . there are plenty in paris, 
  she picked her up when she was 14 and he was 25 . where are u getting your numbers boy, 
  i wonder how much tourism in india will suffer from all those rapes . 
  are people there concerned at all ? 
  is the government doing something to stop this madness ? 
  to a certain point i am wondering if there are as much rapes in western countries as in india right now , but do n't get mediatized as much, 
  thank you for the insight , 
  ps : iceland is a beautiful country , and their woman are pretty hot , 
  i kind of feel the same way , all those stories from mexico and now india are quite repulsive . 
  i would never , ever , bring my girl there . 
  i would not care traveling alone though , both this countries have marvelous things to offer, 
  this law seems to be retarded, 
  i prefer natural style , thank you though, 
  as a tourist i would feel less anxious for my girl in tokyo , in argentina or in poland than in india or mexico . 
  i doubt that every rape is reported to the police in india though :p, 
  i m picky about my partners :p, 
  i absolutely agree with your last paragraph . 
  what is shocking about this ( to my eyes ) is that usually in case of india rape stories it 's not just a single guy raping a woman but a bunch of men attacking a single lady . 
  not saying it 's `` ok '' to rape someone if you do this alone , but this group attacks make it actually worse and savage . 
  but yeah , the lack of supports from autorities is actually stunning, 
  and you 're a black belt , maybe they noticed, 
  you will find a lot near pigalle imo like uglychicano ( nice username ) said, 
  i train mma so i have a bunch of friends who like it the same way i do . 
  but usually it 's on air sunday night at 10h30 , on sunday nights i like to chill at home , trying to get over my hangover from saturday nights . 
  so i watch the ufc alone , in my couch , in shorts and tank top , while eating something . 
  i like it alot . 
  any good shop for nike air max models ? 
  i wonder what is it with getting mugged in paris . 
  i live here for 3 years , never had any troubles with that , i honestly do n't think that you have more chance to get mugged here than in any other big city as long as you do n't look like the average fat ass tourist wearing his nikkon on his neck and carrying his wallet in his oversized back pocket ( even this is called pickpocket not mugging ) . 
  is paris considered as a dangerous city abroad ? 
  lol ? 
  a doctors certificate is 23e , the price of a consultation ... 
  try the gym at paris dauphine university , it 's pretty good i heard . 
  you might even be able to squeeze in it without any controls . 
  nope the nike store and the citadium have a very limited offer in term of air max models . 
  i was looking for a shop specialized in that kind of sneakers . 
  mma is not legalized , you can train but you ca n't compete . 
  fights are usually under pancrase rules which are a little bit different from mma rules . 
  source : i train mma in france and all the mma fights of our fighters are done abroad , in germany or england for exemple . 
  do you actually watch any mma ? 
  most of the professional fighters are in their late 20 's or 30 's . 
  to my eyes mma is not about how many years your put into the sport but about intensity of your training and talent . 
  look how jon jones dramatically improved in a short amount of time . . 
  hell , if you have good physical condition , and a strong will to practice nothing ca n't stop you to be good at any age . 
  watched sometime ago a dude who reconverted from american football and is something like 51 and still kick ass . 
  when i look at this and see you ask if it 's too late at 22 i 'm stunned :p, 
  good luck dude !, 
  why would you breed 9 kids if you ca n't take care of them and make them live in a refugee camp to end up selling your daughter to pay for medical costs . 
  man i m glad i was born and raised in another culture . 
  this shit is scarry . 
  i 'm not a crossfitter but if a friend of mine would talk non stop about crossfit or do stuff like that :, 
  you wear reebok nano 's outside of the gym . 
  the posts on your facebook timeline look something like this : crossfit crossfit crossfit crossfit crossfit . 
  your internet browsing history looks something like this : crossfit crossfit crossfit crossfit crossfit . 
  crossfit does n't fit around your schedule ; your schedule fits around crossfit . 
  crossfit is your schedule . 
  i would find him boring or annoying . 
  being concerned about your wellbeing and fitness is one thing , live only for it and generally become a sport weirdo is another thing . 
  i train quite a lot ( around 8-10h per week ) but i understand that people around me do n't want to hear me speak/brag all the time about how awesome my sport is . 
  ( yes i know that the article is `` yes i am obsessed with crossfit '' , the thing is that i have the feeling that many crossfiters are a little bit like that ), 
  came here to say this . 
  for once you feel that the author knows what he 's speaking about . 
  skinheads are not into the hardcore scene . 
  all skinheads are not racists pieces of shit . 
  are n't you getting some kind of allowance in the states for your kids ? 
  scared , english is not my mother tongue forgive me, 
  on the other hand , the more you breed , the less you take care of them . 
  not sure if it makes sense . 
  i do n't know . 
  i guess that a football-fantasy fan will not turn everything in his life around football , he wo n't change his diet , he wo n't think about how much time he sleeps for recovery , fantasy football is a hobby , i have the feeling that crossfit to some point is a way of life . 
  yes indeed , but they came after the original skin heads who were listening to ska . 
  they kinda ruined the image of the skinhead sub culture . 
  yes , that 's what i wanted to say , some are , but not everyone , i would even say that the majority of skinheads are not racist . 
  that 's not true . 
  skinhead attitude , the original , was all about ska music and party . 
  not about violence . 
  i can only advise you to watch some documentaries about this subject on youtube . 
  a lot of them are very good and explain in great details the ideology and the origin of the skinhead sub culture . 
  ok you seem to have a personal problem with them . 
  i wo n't argue with you more it 's pointless , i respect your opinion no problem . 
  i m not a skinhead i do n't care about this enough to try to change your mind , 
  all 's good pal, 
  skinhead emerged around 1960 from the working class . 
  it was all about listening to early reggae , ska and soul music . 
  check out this :, 
  it is one of the most emblamatic songs about skinheads . 
  do you feel the rage , the violence and the racist stuff in it ? 
  i strongly advise you to go check out the wikipedia article and youtube documentaries . 
  yeah maybe now there is a lot of skins at some shows but it 's not `` representative '' of the hardcore scene . 
  wtf do you really think jj is a skinhead ?? 
  even harley flannagan , this cunt , is not a skinhead by any means . 
  you ca n't deny that the roots of the skinhead music is ska/soul/early reggae , not hardcore .
