  i mean , you look at results , stephano has more , you look at cash prize , stephano has more , you look at ladder on k , stephano dominated idra and even killed him with mass queens when they actually met . 
  so tell me , what are you arguments ? 
  i am not saying stephano is the best player , i m not even saying he is the best foreigner ( i think he is , him or naniwa though ) . 
  but i think he 's undoubtly better than idra , and by far . 
  he is cocky , not arrogant , i mean , maybe a little bit not really in bad way , he is not disrespectfull to his opponents . 
  he is very friendly with mana or bling who are nice guys , there is a reason . 
  he does not act like an asshole , he acts like a teenager immature guy , which he kinda is . 
  i mean when he do something it 's not to be bad or to be mean . 
  he does not insult his opponents , telling them to fuck off , he always gg , he does not criticize other players in interviews ... see who am i talking about ? 
  and when people say he is french , it is in a bad way . 
  which is dumb . 
  i am not trying to be the fanboy here , i just feel he is sometimes treated unfair . 
  i am just trying to include every fact slightly relevant in order to prove to you that you ca n't even compare the two of them . 
  idra qualifying for code s was a long time ago , was idra better than stephano during the beta ? 
  probably yes , is it relevant right now ? 
  not really . 
  jinro also qualified and got a good position in gsl , look at his results . 
  well you surely are trying to argue with me about who is the best , and given the fact that i am at work and very bored i am glad to do it :p even if it is quite a retarded discussion . 
  haha you got a point here , but , do n't you think that when you beat him you actually deserve a congratz ? 
  ^ ^ and he often adds a `` wp '' when he looses convincigly . 
  but yes sometimes he is a bit condescending , he 's really not a bad fellow though , i think that he had a pretty regular normal life , not being particulary popular before sc2 , his sudden fame might have triggered this cocky and condescending way of behaving . 
  you quote is perfect , that 's what ( s ) he said . 
  here you go : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pukd-84jr5m, 
  not sure about the quality of the casting though ,, 
  yeah i know , kas is really strong too , but he usually looses to stephano, 
  were you mad ? 
  haha that made me laugh ^ ^ `` sleepy frenchie and autistic swede '' this is so true . 
  men , nerchio is one of the most bm players in eu . 
  to be fair me too :p, 
  there s a band of black guys often singing on the 77th street stop on the 6 , they are pretty good i always give em a buck or so, 
  some of us look up to huk and idra , and are usually angry after the games , others are watching the kind of stephano , kas , mana , nerchio or dimaga and are usually never disapointed because even if they loose , they put a hell of a fight and make great games . 
  and idra top5 zerg in the world , for real ? 
  i rank dimaga/stephano/nerchio / sen above him , and i did n't even start to quote korean zergs . 
  cool man , hope it will cool off the hate . 
  nice apology, 
  haha < 3 always nice to hear from you pirkel, 
  the guy is good though . 
  if you play toss you should check him out, 
  7 pieces in a week ? 
  6 for weeklies , max 12 for dailys = 18 bags , so you looted 7 different pieces in 18 bags ? 
  hard to believe man, 
  i am a french american-football player and my team is going to a bar to watch it , if any of you are interested, 
  tumbasc did you really do xenophobic comments over french people ? 
  was it tumba who made xenophobic comments over fr people on the live stream ? 
  how often do you touch your croach while thinking of your sister ? 
  cs_234 starcraft 2 world judge . 
  if a player forfeits from a tournament he should be banned from all of them !, 
  do you advise that polt , tyler , idra should also be banned from the gsl ? 
  best foreign zerg ? 
  are you joking, 
  sen , stephano , dimaga , maybe nerchio . 
  at least . 
  wan na argue with me ? 
  lol he would rage so much more in tvp with ff + storms + collo raping his bio army . 
  in late game tvp is very difficult . 
  dimac sounds cool, 
  yeah maybe it 's to be more marketable, 
  so . . what ? 
  he called nestea terrible . 
  nestea won gsl . 
  fact . 
  what do you want more ? 
  winning a gsl after being called terrible is not relevant . 
  yeah me to , a double big mac , god i am hungry now t_t, 
  how can you call someone like nestea terrible , at this point the guy was maybe not at his top form and didn t reach his skill peak but he was , in no fucking way , terrible . 
  he had potential and was good . 
  it makes me think of the time where he said drg was also terrible , a year ago . 
  the solution is : stop being condescendant and start treating players with respect . 
  aou , that 's actually sad : / must have been a tough childhood , did u go to school at the same time or . . ? 
  hahaah, 
  how mod you are ? 
  protip : do n't play healer , go aoe dps, 
  you may find the gameplay a bit outdated . 
  i tried to bring a few friends with me but they just could n't bear the way of moving etc. 
  i played a lot of daoc when i was younger so i think i may be a little too kind toward the game . 
  i found a cool guild and i am enjoying my xp/stuffing phase at the mo :p, 
  wow . . just wow . . aren t u afraid something miht happens to you ? 
  does he realize that his life is a mess ? 
  yeah i will play cathal for a while with my chars  not so eager to go to nf right now :p, 
  25 $ that muji1 still wets his bed and is afraid of the dark . 
  i turned off the stream when they said that steph wasn t playing so i did n't had the chance to listen to this.i could n't believe that a `` pro '' caster would make such allegation though , well now my opinion on tumba is well set . 
  and i find his '' < 3 '' tweet to stephano 2 days later very amusing . 
  pretty long to xp in uthguard though :p no ? 
  while loosing ofc, 
  now it costs you 30 minutes of farming :p, 
  why are you always bringing up this match , it 's like `` idra won vs bomber at mlg so epic ! '', 
  it is one game guys . 
  chill . 
  nah he was already quite well known before in france/eu , he exploded since june last year though . 
  what makes him a very good player is that he understood how zerg has to be played , when you see him macro game you can feel the swarm ^ ^ he knows about timings , he never rages/complains , is quite mannered , good player overall . 
  woooosh * sound of the wind *, 
  acting like a douche and losing all his matches ? 
  blame the race , or look at other zergs who are not whining all the time and are actually winning . 
  qq more idra fanboy . 
  the question is , who would hire idra after ? 
  he should switch to age of empires no rush 20, 
  yeah , some team might pick him up , but with a much smaller salary though , not sure idra himself would accept it with his ego maniac attitude . 
  my guess would be that he would be finished if eg dropped him , and i think they should . 
  bad press is bad press . 
  yeah , i am not sure that he can changed it though , idra is idra , ca n't really imagine him being overall nice and fairplay .
