  with all respect to gay people , do whatever you want guys i don t care . 
  thank you for that , 
  what 's the problem of he does ? 
  thank you for that !, 
  will you complain in every thread about a stephano win ? 
  check his match history , he was in paris in a hotel the whole last week , and did n't practice , just played a few ladder games, 
  not doing the max roach build but relying on upgraded speed lings , infestors and a handfull of roaches . 
  switching to mutas . . 
  you know, 
  i never saw stephano using so few roaches in a tournament setting , i just tried to answer you in a friendly way , no need to be rude about it, 
  fuck you, 
  sad for tod but the split makes sense thus he did n't achieved much for a long time . 
  just a tourist asking for an advice . . no need to downvote the post . . well i m going to try my luck with / r/losangeles , thx anyway, 
  same here ^ ^ i jumped in the water 2 month ago haha, 
  congratulation you reached step 1 of your dog karma fest , next step post a photo when he is in good shape again and then a third one when he 's dead . 
  hello !, 
  thank you for your advice , sadly i look up this location on the map and it 's way to close to la , i m supposed to do la - sf in two days with only 1 night during the ride . 
  but ty !, 
  thx !, 
  in the end i think we will just ride and stop wherver we can in a campground or in a motel cause trhe great majority of camping along the road are first in first served without any kind of reservation ... 
  pretending to be swedish immunes you to pickpockets ? 
  thank you for the link bro !, 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  i was passionate about sc1 , bw , war2 and war3 and i love sc2 . 
  but i m not optimistic about the future . 
  blizzard job was `` we make games '' now it is `` we make money '' and people are realizing it, 
  gogo team france !, 
  riner and decosse for the win !, 
  yep , you are the `` uninvited guest '' here is the door , bye bye !, 
  no it does n't . 
  and i am not sure we have the same definition of `` socialist '', 
  this is just plain wrong . 
  he did improve a lot in the mill house, 
  still won all his showmatches, 
  when you ca n't throw your opponent the judges decide the outcome of the fight , if you do n't want them to decide train harder to be able to throw your ennemy, 
  beware of tcheum\u00e9o she s enraged, 
  i would have joined you for that but i m out of town for the week end , damn . 
  back on sundah night though . 
  but if you want to experiement a lazy late parisian style afternoon take a bottle of wine and sip it on the sides of the canal saint martin . 
  or take a nap at the buttes chaumont park . 
  i must recommand to take a brunch at the `` s\u00e9same '' ( canal st. martin also ) , great place . 
  for the night and partying i don t know if you are more club like people or whatever so it s dfficult to recommand anything specific , 
  yeah . 
  fuck you too redneck scum, 
  you didn t search a lot . 
  type fr london 2012 go on the official website and you have all the events live . 
  all judo is broadcasted `` les directs '', 
  this time i will book a ticket and go to the event  even if i am 26 and feel like a huge nerd for doing so, 
  i think you should spend more time studying history and less buddhism . 
  hope it will make him stay with mill , 
  jyp must have touched him hard in an intimate way . 
  the real question is : where did jyp touched naniwa to make him loose ? 
  machine likes to eat stuff and do eating contests ... who is lzgamer though ? 
  i do n't even understand how your friend can think that naniwa would win . 
  especially after the magnificent display of skill that he showed at last foreign events , going out 2-0 in the frist round everytime . 
  naniwa worst matchup is vz , he went to r8 gsl because he faced terrans and protoss . 
  stephano consistantly get in top8 in every tournament he enters . 
  he fucking raped hero/mc/alicia at nasl . 
  do you believe naniwa has a better vz that mc/hero/alicia ? 
  cause i do n't . 
  try it with mana or kas . . 
  ow ok , thank you very much for this . 
  i honestly did n't know much about him and frankly i was wondering why they keep him around . 
  do they still have hopes for him ? 
  why did they fire axslav and keep him ? 
  good job dude !, 
  now you will have to play dozens and dozens of games to improve your decision making / micro and cheese defence . 
  then you will be accepted in the master circle ... and your opinion will still be useless : o, 
  funny fight , 
  no we do n't , france is a 50m/50m place and we all live under the eiffel tower eating baguette and drinking wine . 
  also mc , drg , hearth . . 
  lol do you follow starcraft ? 
  i hope japan will send their flying robots to fight those fisherman boats, 
  nas - the message , the first song that made me interested in hip hop and actually respect this kind of music . 
  i love listening to it here and there . 
  not really a big impact , but you know , still something pretty important to my eyes, 
  good stuff , makes me wan na train outside the gym tonight . 
  starcraft probably , the chance someone is playing it among the 200 people in the room are tin . 
  the chance that one or two random dudes can beat me are even smaller , i am not that good but i am in master league which is not that bad . 
  i would steal some cloth to melt in and try to stay alive . 
  this guys are n't messin ' around you can get tortured to death or stabbed for nothin ' . 
  then i will try to enter the service of some wise inventor to try to do something with my life . 
  do you guys play on sunday ? 
  man , i would enjoy of you could show me around as well , i live in paris for 2 years now but didn t have the occasion to explore this side of the city . 
  motherfucker , i am at work, 
  did you pull up a reverse dexter and track him down in the forest to slice him open ? 
  what will you do in paris ? 
  i mean are you here for studies , work , w/e ? 
  my place is too small : c living in a 28m2 studio is hard dawg . 
  i wish i had something bigger to offer ( talking about my condo ofc . ), 
  and could actually invite people over . 
  you know , in case it 's a real fight or a mma fight . 
  you kinda want to be throwed if it involves you getting his back :p, 
  there is a reason why isn is never used in grappling/mma/w / e. 
  it 's a good throw in judo , it 's not a good throw in other fighting sports because you basically give your back to the opponent . 
  good throw or bad throw, 
  i do n't see the business school thing happening , maybe they would let their students trash their own local but there is no way a business shcool will let outside students in and trash their place :p, 
  if we were in province ( outside of paris ) i would recommend to rent `` salle des f\u00eates '' ( `` party rooms '' ) for one night which are just perfect for what you are aiming . 
  but we are in paris so it might be slightly more difficult . 
  google `` salle des f\u00eates paris '' maybe you will find something affordable .
