  man , i feel you , it 's driving me crazy . 
  i had to buy a new set every 2 or 3 month so i bought a headset with a removable cable . 
  now i only have to change the jack cable and not the whole headset , changed my life . 
  it 's just a regular headset , but the cable can be removed , you know the wire that goes from the headset to the mp3 player . 
  it costs around 7 or 8 euros for my bose headset . 
  telepathy , communicate without making any sound or any move , just by thinking, 
  wtf , people are people , it has nothing to do with `` cultural gap '' it 's just that he does n't know how to behave as a roomie, 
  monday crossfit, 
  tuesday mma, 
  wednesday judo then bjj, 
  thursday bjj, 
  friday judo, 
  saturday crossfit + sparring + wrestling or judo, 
  sunday crossfit, 
  + work on week days . 
  when i come home i am usually so tired that i only have the strength to crawl on my comp and lurk on reddit/fb and watch some shows/animes . 
  do n't have the energy to even play games . 
  there are no weight categories ? 
  ow ok sorry i didn t know that, 
  it sounds like pepitos . 
  here we go again . 
  e-v-e-r-y day, 
  right now , i am 26 and my parents seems to think i am too old to get presents on my birthday , i am very sad about it, 
  it 's pretty much a dream for me . 
  i am thinking about it often when i am bored in the subway or when i am trying to sleep at night . 
  i am re-living my life and thinking what would change . 
  right now i am an it engineer passionate about sports , in my life 2.0 i would do medecine and be a sports doctor . 
  dark age of camelot, 
  food for breakfast !, 
  8rax the great , conqueror of space , bane of midgard, 
  36ke is not a bad salary , it 's enough for someone living alone . 
  might be a little bit difficult if you have to support your wife as well though . 
  i live in paris intra muros and here are my fix costs for each month :, 
  760e ( 28m2 studio ), 
  110e ( transports ), 
  50e ( phone ), 
  30e ( internet + tv ), 
  50e ( electricity ), 
  = 1000e each month that go away . 
  living in paris is kind of expensive . 
  nah i live alone , i had roomies when i was a student in another city but i chose to live alone when instarted working . 
  i have one room + bathroom + little kitchen, 
  how in the fuck can you compare ttc to iam or wutang ? 
  just look up at the basics man ,, 
  l'\u00e9cole du micro d'argent from iam and supreme ntm are the 2 `` must listen to '' french hip hop albums . 
  everything else might be good but this are the basics . 
  can you explain a bit how did you start , did you have any previous knowledge about poker ? 
  how did you manage at the start some really bad luck calls , was n't it hard to play 4h/day average ? 
  did you have a side job ? 
  `` we faceroll everything '', 
  did you win last week ? 
  do you win in eu primetime ? 
  their alliance lasted 2 days and ended at the end of the week end . 
  it 's not even a competition ( at night ) now because they are tired of having to stay awake the whole night to fight the na zerg . 
  they did it on vizunah last week , and they won , but they wo n't do it every week . 
  if you play on eu prime time , saying it 's not even a competition is a plain and simple lie . 
  ow , ok then  have fun on a new server !, 
  what ? 
  run as fast as you can into a wall , should do the trick, 
  the shit tries to escape your rectum by pushing on the sides to make a hole . 
  nicolas cage because of this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp1-oquwol8, 
  fear, 
  good job , lots of mistakes but it was a pleasure to read  next time do the 11eme !, 
  and post it here , i would like to know what you think of my neighborhood, 
  for real, 
  same here guys , still searching for a key :(, 
  are you searching for a club for only one week ? 
  do you have your gi ? 
  same here man , i like the jacket, 
  looking for this as well, 
  i am french but was born in china and raised by a nanny who was speaking to me in chinese and my mother who spoke to me in polish . 
  so i picked up chinese and polish as my first language and could n't speak french . 
  when i was around 4 years old i came back to france . 
  my first memory is me in classroom feeling like an outcast not being able to communicate at all with anybody . 
  i also remember playing with my gi joes during breaks in the school yard . 
  respect for that sir . 
  and concerning the ` we do n't respect our soldiers ' it 's not true for everyone , i have a great respect for the military and especially for the fl . 
  props, 
  first time i heard about xlord was a couple of months ago when he claimed that he will get better than stephano in 3 month . 
  not the best way to start your career imo . 
  and now after seeing him at hc i ca n't understand who would cheer for him other than some germans who would cheer for their homeboy or his friends . 
  he 's not funny and appears to be a douche . 
  z : stephano, 
  t : flash, 
  lot of talking , lot of caring , being more demonstrative as a father ( my dad never hugged me or said that he loved me ) . 
  and a lot of sports with my child during week ends , ball tossing etc. 
  and i will go and catch on camera every competition my kid participates in . 
  so i can be proud of him . 
  something my parents never cared of even if i had descent sport results . 
  i was on a skateboard riding downhill , something got stuck into my wheel and i fell at full speed while arriving to a crossroad , i somehow managed to slow down eventually , but my skateboard continued and past under a car going at 50 mp/h 1 meter in front of me . 
  scared the shit out of me , never ride downhill on my skate again . 
  tldr ; i nearly got hit by a car while falling of my skateboard at a crossroad, 
  1 ) yes you will get thrown a lot , and it will be difficult to catch up . 
  but after a few month you will get better at defending the throws and you will start to enjoy it much more . 
  2 ) yes there is , you will train a lot on the ground as well . 
  a few tips :, 
  get your fingers strapped cause they will get burn and it s very annoying and it hurts !, 
  do n't try to be too physical/muscular in randori 's ( fights ) , you wo n't get better at judo by overwhelming your opponent by strenght and tossing him around . 
  it will help you in competition , but to learn go smooth, 
  wake up , lay in bed , and think about the fact that you do n't have to do anything today .
