  i wish we could summon him now tho, 
  approximately 2 croissants and 5 saucissons, 
  but if we had a 25 year old zidane , a 25 year old platini and a 25 year old papin who would win ? 
  not iceland 's , it 's a pretty common thing, 
  so are your eyes if you can not acknowledge that the swine pushed the ball away with his hand, 
  ladies and gentlemen , the salt champion of the thread, 
  calm down bro, 
  i do the sword glitch, 
  one bomb at a time, 
  but we are bombing them in syria and irak , i do n't get your point, 
  what the fuck are you talking about , if you think the us would back turkey in a war with france you are completly out of your mind . 
  the only reason people interact moderatly with turkey and let things slip is because of your strategical geographical position between europe and the middle east . 
  i am pretty sure all the west hates your government and where your country is going . 
  you would be obliterated in a day by nukes if you made an aggressive move towards france . 
  but as you have 0 deployment possibilities overseas anyway , it will never happen . 
  if you think countries in europe will let your jets fly over or let your marine sail to our south borders you are batshit crazy . 
  of course we have less capabilities than the us , we do not have the same size as countries nor the same budget nor the same world military domination objectives . 
  do we want to get involved in boot on the ground conflict in the middle of the middle east with multiple nations bombing everything around ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i thought afghanistan and irak teached us/you something , not to get dragged in an endless conflict far away from home in muslim countries . 
  support strikes to help out the locals get back the country is a descent solution for now . 
  at least we are doing something , lot of other western nations are n't doing shit . 
  dude , the terrorists killing people in our streets are also french citizens , idiots that get brainwashed by daesh and/or payed for it . 
  it 's difficult to fight this kind of enemy . 
  it 's not like an army of bearded jihadist has landed on our beaches and it 's a regular war . 
  we can see the consequences of the full scale war led by the us in irak . 
  this has greatly contributed in disturbing the middle east and has in fact led to the creation of the is . . 
  it 's easy as a armchair general to give advices and pointing out the lack of `` honor '' lol . 
  anyway , who knows , maybe we may get involved on the ground there at some point , it will give blood and an enemy to the people mourning their relatives dead and appease the anger of the people , but would it lead to a real solution to the middle east problem ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we need to let the people there fight for their home countries and assist as we can , but certainly not get involved as you did in irak . 
  as i live in switzerland , there are rather low chances i get killed , but thanks , 
  yea, 
  can we have a few more mysterious sentences with dots at the end ? 
  same for me ... 
  interesting, 
  from what i heard this bikes are pretty widely used over there and every one knows how to `` fix '' them on the go , but i was looking to build some knowledge on my side as well before going . 
  at some point you just got to dive into the unknown , 
  thanks a lot , i will seek advices from there as well !, 
  i will definitely bring just a few tools to try to fix minor things . . 
  thanks will do !, 
  my bike is very common in mongolia , everybody ride them cause they are cheap , can ride offroad and have big tank, 
  what you describe is exactly the way things are in mongolia if i trust the testiomonies of other people who did the exact same trip i will make . 
  they wo n't fix your bike as well as a repair shop but they will make it `` work '', 
  it 's pretty much all the time the same story . 
  in a nutshell :, 
  workers got lot of stuff ( holidays , working hours etc. 
  etc. ), 
  during the years were france was booming economically ( the 30 glorieuses ) or via laws passed mostly by the left , especially in the companies with a strong union movement like the sncf for instance . 
  now companies/the government / . . want to go back on some of those points and of course the workers do n't want to lose their social advantages . 
  so they strike . 
  it 's the same story with the railroad company sncf . 
  thinks he 's smart , does n't even read about quantum physics . 
  le sigh, 
  he was implying it got stolen by people from the suburbs . 
  do n't pay attention . 
  marathon swimming is a rough sport , people punch or slap each other very often in the water , willingly or not . 
  i am not saying that this was not done on purpose , just trying to put things in perspective . 
  but as it is a french swimmer the daily mail could not miss this opportunity right ? 
  this , my friend , is a great answer . 
  thank you very much i was not aware it existed on ipad !, 
  nobody is giving shit to the americans . 
  and to be fair , vietnam was not a us colony . 
  our involvment in algeria was because we had a lot of french people living there and a lot of assets there as well . 
  they have access to the same schools and education that natives . 
  they have the same chances to do something with their lifes and move to better neighboorhoods . 
  i blame their parents for failing to integrate them and not giving them the will to succeed at school . 
  instead of that those kids grow with role models among rappers and sportmans . 
  i have a few french citizens with african roots working with me and they are doing just fine . 
  ( i am working in consulting for private banks ) . 
  i am pretty sure that the immigration population in france is not the same as in the uk and germany . 
  while in france it is mostly arabs and blacks , in germany it 's the turks and the balkanis which tend to blend easier into the population and are more secular/progressive . 
  in the uk it 's the indians and pakistanis and the poles i guess ? 
  i do n't really know how they behave so i wo n't give you any opinion on pakistanis . 
  for the poles i think it does n't need any explanation . 
  do you know that we had huge waves of italian/polish/portuguese immigration in france too ? 
  they all integrated very well , even if they also started on low paying jobs ( in the mines for the poles , construction work for the italians and portuguese ) . 
   what the fuck is wrong to have an successfull sportsman as a role model ? 
  how many people succeed at earning a living in sport ? 
  those kids do n't study and do n't consider school as important because they want to earn money while playing soccer or in hip hop , fast money and enough to buy expensive cars and golden jewels like they see all the time on tv . 
  when they fail at those careers , and most of them do , they do n't have any backup plan and end up on the streets selling drugs or some shit while being angry at france for not giving them the same chances as other people and blaming their own failure on the system/racism/colonialism . 
  it 's fucking disgusting . 
  they just can not face the fact that their behaviour is the root of their own failure . 
  and that is the job of the parents , to make them understand that if they want a normal life and a future , they should go to school . 
  school is fucking free , university is fucking free , they can have free money from the state to study , they can do it . 
  with 150 000 chf a year you will living very well in zurich , plenty enough to have a nice place to live and lots of social events in the evening , do n't worry . 
  to put things in perspective , in my case , with 120k it 's quite easy to put on the side a few k/month . . 
  thank you geopolitical expert ress10 . 
  you must know things people do n't !, 
  and as he said , if the said goods cost more to produce because of the higher import price , their selling price will also have to be adjusted . 
  very happy you enjoyed your time there  next time visit the province !, 
  thank you !, 
  cool, 
  natural born fighters , i have trained with them 2 years , laid back , hard work , nice people , 
  can you please explain how it is doubling our single target dmg for destru and demo ? 
  i think you answered your own question dude , 
  when you play destru or demonology and see your spec getting butchered i guess people can get pissed seeing people coming and saying that the changes are nice . 
  it you would have formulated `` on the other hand the changes to affliction are quite nice , so there 's that '' i guess you would not have been downvoted at all . 
  and the soccer scandals . 
  in b4 scandal at the zoo where animals were also raped by politicians .
