  anyway , you seem to be pretty pissed off . 
  at least , we europeans , do n't make the same `` surrender monkey pussy '' jokes about you over and over again . 
  we love canadians and especially les qu\u00e9becois , we were mostly making fun of the belgians but now not so much anymore, 
  ever been to paris ? 
  thumbs up man, 
  push ups wont make you lose fat man , i mean they will but it 's not effective . 
  if you want to lose fat there are no secrets :, 
  stop eating candies and sugar, 
  start eating vegetables and meat, 
  exercize youre ass off, 
  so ... what about white people ? 
  was he a pirate ? 
  yeah well , i guess you re better without her anyway , be brave man, 
  still domestic violence though, 
  ok man , it 's your job to kiss her . 
  do n't wait and go for it at the end of a date pretty soon otherwise she might start to think that you are a pussy or gay ( no offense ) . 
  do n't wonder or think just go for it . 
  i ca n't believe how you can go on 5 dates with a girl and do n't try to kiss her , but i live in europe , things might be different, 
  this . 
  i love listening to this one before hitting the gym , always gets me in a combative mood . 
  first you should think what you want to do , creating video games is not a 1 person job , you have to decide if you want to code , design , make scenarios or whatever . 
  there is not a single `` do video game '' job . 
  i do n't know , usually if i want to make things right i just invite the girl on a date outside first to get to know each other a bit , then to my place and * fireworks *, 
  when a girl accepts to come to your place to drink after a date you can assume that she is very interested and that she should n't resist you if you try to kiss her at the good timing . 
  meaning do n't try to do it randomly while serving a drink or watching tv , but rather after a long eye contact or something like that . 
  the easy way is to do it when you say bye because it does n't make the girl pressured , she knows that she leaves after that and that she will have the time to think about it without having to get further ahead the same night, 
  ps : i mentioned that i m from europe because i dated a few american girls and things were slightly different, 
  i agree 100 % with you on that matter , and i still ca n't decide if it makes me an asshole or not frankly, 
  you turn into a phenix , rise into the sky with fireworks all over the place then you explode and turn into a gigantic birthday cake and burn out because nobody is there to blow the candles . 
  not sure if i m an ass or not :p but i m pretty sure i would n't date a girl i do n't find attractive and healthy , if she 's dumb or boring i would n't date her for a long time though . 
  physical attraction is my first criteria to get involved with a girl , but to make it last we need to get along well . 
  does it bother you ? 
  i live in france and i play in an american football team in paris . 
  we were out for drinks with the whole team in our clubhouse bar downtown . 
  we were pretty baked and fooling around in the street . 
  one of our smaller mates grabs gently the ass of a girl , problem is that she was with a group of 5 or 6 thugs from the suburbs who immediatly started to beat the shit out of our friend , when it started one of our dlines jumps out from the bar , screams `` game timmmmme '' and we all burst out of the bar to get in the brawl . 
  then the anti criminality police came and i started to run cause i did n't want to finish in a cell for the night , ended up waking up near the river with bruises and no idea how i get there, 
  well , one of you will have to move imo , if nobody will kick them out you will have to find another place to live because i do n't see them changing and suddenly becoming nice neighboors . 
  i do n't remember exactly how much did get in the fight but around 10 i guess , big dudes and smaller ones like myself ( i m a corner , 6ft 176 lbs ) . 
  the other guys got smashed hard , and one of my friend got into court because of this . . 
  i lost all my stuff ( phone , cash , keys ) that night cause i give it all away to a stranger before jumping in and did n't have the time to get it back when the police came in , still a good memory though :p, 
  yeah frankly you ca n't do much more about it . 
  and do n't get into troubles with meth heads if you leave soon anyway , safety first especially given the fact that you live with your sister, 
  oh ok , thank you for answering , 
  yes a lot of foreign people come to paris expecting parisians to be rude and cold , but it 's not that bad actually . 
  i mean you wo n't get kind words from the bored subway ticket seller eventually but people are usually nice . 
  however i think that the fact that bar tenders or restaurant waitresses do n't get tips may make them a little bit less friendly that in the states though . 
  ps : first rule in tourism : never get between a japanese and a monument , for your own safety, 
  b\u00e9h pourquoi t ` as effac\u00e9 t ` as belle traduction !, 
  you swallow saliva wich absorbs some calories . 
  why do you get shift faced every night ? 
  just to drop a line :, 
  i had a gf who was normal at the time we were together , then i left to another city and maybe a week after i left she started to puke everything she was eating . 
  she was getting out of uni then she was buying a shit lot of cakes or w/e and was eating it all up and then puking it . 
  she started to loose a lot of weight . 
  we were n't together anymore but i tried to help how i could , made her write up in a notebook what she was eating everyday , tried to be as supportive as i could . 
  then she found a new bf , started to party all the time and slowly it faded away , now she is still quite obsessed by her weight but is not `` binge eating '' and puking after it . 
  but still , it lasted for a good year, 
  my point is that she started it because of the lack of attention she was getting and to fill a gap , maybe something similar is happening to you ? 
  pm if you need to, 
  kabanos rules man . 
  i remember getting up at night and sneaking a few kabanos from the kitchen mouhaha, 
  when i feel a bit lost i go running , clears my head . 
  maybe you should get into fights ? 
  getting your ass kicked might calm down you dillusions of grandeur , you will still hate people though : /, 
  on a serious note , if you hate everyone not a surprize they do n't like neither , 
  what tears ? 
  do you see anyone crying around here ? 
  what in the hell this matter has in common with the french colonial empire ? 
  if you start to poop on people no wonders that they back off lady !, 
  you do realize that the building of a colonial empire during the last few centuries and the migration of arabic/other migrants seeking fot a better life into france have nothing in common right ? 
  it 's not a backslash or a vengeance by any means just a sociologic reality which happens in a lot of countires , germany with turkish people , england with indians/pakis ... 
  you are weird, 
  so you are in a city you do n't know and instead of going out and looking around you want to see a movie which will make you cry/sad . 
  are you an emo ? 
   has nothing to do with the fact that the british and the french  invaded and pilfered their natural resources and land, 
  well i will take the exemple of the arabic people coming from the maghreb :, 
  there have always been exchanges/trades/connections between france and the arabic countries of the south of the med sea . 
  those people often speak a descent french and have relatives in france . 
  it makes france a good destination to seek a better life . 
  they are not moving to seek vengeance or to destroy french culture , or to invade and pilfer france natural ressources , they do n't give a shit about colonialism they just want to make cash and live here . 
  i do n't get why are you so bitter about this matter , the immigration is a growing issue in nearly all the western european countries , did switzerland had a colonial empire ? 
  did austria ? 
  or germany ? 
  please stop generalizing `` the french are complaining '' `` what outrages them '' , all french are not voting for this bitch , all french are not annoyed by muslims , and most of us are quite comprehensive and kind . 
  i did n't hear a single coworker/friend complaining about the muslims destroying our culture , so stop with your bullshit , are you french by any means ? 
  do you have any insight on what we are thinking and how things are percieved here ? 
  the french went to algeria , and destroyed `` culture '' ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about , there were a war , bad things happened , torture among other thing , now algeria is a free country , end of story . 
  do you really think we are worried to be invaded by the algerians ? 
  nobody cries for our `` delusions '' , jesus , take a pill and calm the fuck down . 
  what is with all this hate toward our `` imperialistic colonialistic '' past ? 
  did you , personnaly , experienced our colonization or somethin ? 
  was only asking because you seem so bothered by this matter and so implicated distilling your bullshit . 
  ok then farewell fellow agressive idiot !, 
  they do actually come into the cage and try to bite you usually , be sure to have a friend you do n't like too much with you to throw him out of the cage in case of extreme danger, 
  i will make this quick , getting fit and lose fat is 50 % food 50 % exercize . 
  food :, 
  eat vegetables , meat , fish , eggs ( without the yellow inside if you can ) , oatmeal ,0 % fat yoghurt and carbohydrates ( pasta/rice ) for lunch . 
  same without the carbs for dinner .
