  quite cheap for renting standards . 
  when we got the bikes , they were already in a shitty state , the speed display was not working , my back brake was not working and the shift was very hard . 
  you could feel that they have been repaired so many times before . . 
  the chain on one of our bikes broke the first day , a wheel broke a few days later ( not the tire , the wheel !, 
  ) , and we had to reajust and tighten up another wheel at the end of the trip . 
  when we give back the bikes the dude simply washed them with a hose and was going to rent them to other people the very next day  i had a piece of wood stuck in the engine he did n't even see it, 
  now you understand why i was surprised we actually managed to bring them back to the shop haha, 
  ramadan ouif complot, 
  grueziiiii, 
  thanks . 
  selfie stick videos is used to film yourself in movement . 
  otherwise kind of hard without a professional cameraman following you around . 
  hey , not at all , basically i :, 
  * picked the destination, 
  * picked the motorcycle rental, 
  * planned my own route on the map just to have a general idea where i was heading, 
  * bought some stuff for camping, 
  * picked up the bike in ulanbataar and drove away , 
  hey , i rented the bikes with `` cheke tours '' , my trip was end of august and begining of sepember so you should expect the same weather than i had , 
  what would you like to know ? 
  shoot any questions you may have, 
  hahahaha, 
  did you ? 
  because france is in a better state now that it was 5 years ago . 
  do you think this is the regular way to go up and that all the sherpas will agree to do this kind of stuff ? 
  non ca sera david guetta . 
  you are welcome paris !, 
  thank you for your input armchair general . 
  triple coup de force, 
  listen pal , i do n't need those `` fancy '' hq 's and whatnot , i want a honest manual job and my special spot at the pub to drink my pint at the end of the day . 
  bring back manufacturing and out with the bullshit, 
  i am highjacking this thread to ask for advice , i came back after 6 month of break , i left before nighthold was released and i am wondering what is the best way to gear ? 
  i managed to get to 896 ilvl and so far nighthold normal was a good way to get some upgrades . 
  should i try mythic nightmare or heroic nighthold to go further ? 
  what is the entry cap for normal tomb of sargeras ? 
  useful for the warlock challenge !, 
  bravo !, 
  yes, 
  let 's see if it works out, 
  same here , it is basically : carry me plz !, 
  only noob allowed is me !, 
  la situation de l'infirmerie non plus . 
  played my warlock demonology before 7.2.5 but switched to affliction as i was really getting bored and annoyed by the rotation . 
  i feel affliction is more versatile . 
  movement does n't give me as much trouble as in demo , sow the seeds destroy mm + , and no more clunky rotation where i feel i am some sort of invoking turret . 
  i will definitely have a look at that when i get back home . 
  but i had problems having elvui installed with tidy plates and it seemed a bit buggy . 
  hope kui is more stable . 
  i will try kui nameplates as rastawayne suggested , the customization of the nameplates on elvui is a bit painful and not very intuitive . 
  i indeed play with dbm , can you customize where this text appears ? 
  is it a guaranteed drop ? 
  this is very helpful , thank you very much . 
  hello . 
  i switched to affli from demo when i came back for 7.2.5 and i am struggling to improve my dps and my rotations . 
  i am now switching to the top talent choices for every boss , try to gear as well as possible , maximize the uptime of my dots ... 
  here are my logs : https://www.warcraftlogs.com/character/eu/chogall/aryyl, 
  i would really appreciate if someone could give me a few advices on how to improve myself . 
  especially on fights like host where i am pretty sure that i do something wrong . . 
  hey , this is a very valid point . 
  i will try to see if i have something else . 
  sadly i did not get any arcano : c, 
  i watched some videos on host , and some people tend to switch realms every time adds pop to apply dots on them , is that the `` best practice '' way to do this fight ? 
  i will try what you say anyway as i do n't see any drawbacks to at least start the fight in the other realm and quickly switch . 
  as for reap souls , well , i try to activate it whenever i am at 4 stacks minimum , but i have a hard time to notice when the buff is not active , even if i have a pretty complete weak auras :d guess i will need to pay more attention to it , 
  and you are right , i simed troday and crit is now my top stat so i will try to put some crit in there !, 
   other than that , just make sure you 're using soul harvest effectively , it 's worth it to apply agony to a ton of adds to get the extended buff duration . 
  what do you mean ? 
  alright duely noted . 
  as for the draining a single ua , sometime i am in the situation where i have 2 shards , all the dots active and i simply does not have anything else to do than applying one ua and draining , 
  yea kj is not my best fight , i will defintely try to drain and apply agony during intermission . 
  thanks for the advices !, 
  any sources on internet to see how to deal with the fights in the most efficient way ? 
  i was simming 85-90 on most fights in nightmare with demo , pretty depressing to be in the 50-75 bracket now , 
  nevermind i am stupid , i read reap souls instead of soul harvest . 
  too much soul stuff for locks , 
  i do better on a few boss with it . 
  but i really tried it only yesterday for the first time so it might be a little bit too early to tell , 
  saving this for later, 
  i was thinking about the expendables when they were going out of the wall . 
  this band of bros , all different with various background, 
  baseball : 1 an, 
  hahaha the edge is strong in that one, 
  you filthy casual, 
  hello , 4/9 affliction warlock here . 
  would any kind warlock colleague be willing to have a look at my logs : ( https://www.warcraftlogs.com/character/eu/chogall/aryyl ) and give me some advice to improve my dps on the mythic fights ? 
  i think i have the desolate and harjatan fights quite well rounded up , for goroth i am not really sure what to improve to be honest as the fight is quite straight forward , but for sisters and for host i feel i could do much better . 
  any feedback is appreciated and any advice would be very helpful to further improve my warlock gameplay . 
  got any recent examples ? 
  why so ? 
  i do n't know , was there a trial for the colonization of america by the spanish ? 
  or english ? 
  or the 100 year war between france and england ? 
  or the annexation ok all the satellite states of russia ? 
  so nobody should say a thing ? 
  is this your solution ? 
  boxer is playing so well in this competition . 
  i 'm so happy to see the emperor in such a shape ^ ^, 
  all hail to the emperor, 
  i m like shaking irl right now . 
  i overslept this morning and mlssed the games : / , is there a nice redditor to tell me what happened ?
