  i plan to play sword/shield + greatsword because of the mobility it gives you and descent dps . 
  well i an not seeking for a pure dps build but rather for an `` off tank '' or dps-support kind of char , therefore i play with a shield . 
  playing purely dps might not be the best goal for a guardian . 
  sword grapple can save also your mates by grappling their ennemies on you . 
  but i might give the hammer a shot i guess . 
  if i play solo and dps oriented i will plya ofc sword/torch , 
  area effect skills , skills which are not single target, 
  i am not sure if i prefer a mob that teleports on me build walls all around and set me on fire . 
  well i do n't know , i played the beta and found the colors a bit to bright and not a lot of `` gore '' going on . 
  i decided to get a look at some diablo1 videos and then replay a bit of d2 to refresh my memories and man . . 
  in d1 and d2 the music are disturbing , and weird , the colors are dark , the stones are dark grey , corpses are impaled in the butcher room of d1 and torture is pretty common in the catacombs where andariel is creeping around . 
  i find this new op not as scary as his older brothers , that 's my main dissapointment about the game . 
  but i will still buy it and play the shit out of it, 
  ow , thank you for the correction , i m face palming right now thinking of all the times i wrote ` descent ', 
  are you serious ? 
  don t you want to be terrifically disturbed ? 
  :p i know i want, 
  i am 25 , am i not allowed to be a pro gamer anymore to your eyes ? 
  he checks gaz timings and chrono on forge/gateways by poking a bit and moving his ovies . 
  props to ophidian , the guy kicks ass , i still have a signed vinyl from him at home that he gave me on a show , 
  starcraft 2 , lol , then diablo 3 then gw2 , basically the only games that will remain on my comp the whole year . 
  gate at 8 supply ? 
  it 's the famous `` no economy single zealot rush '' ? 
  i think diablo might be addictive for the first few days/weeks , but once you finished the normal / hell mode , you can play the game way more casually then a mmorpg , which is refreshing and kind of nice when you are no more a hardcore gamer . 
  single player for sure in normal , then maybe a mix of multi with friends and single and then grp play in inferno . 
  lol is a nice game , if you mute everyone, 
  feat was playing ? 
  wtf , how can they schedule a maintenance on a sunday afternoon ?? 
  no fucking respect to the customers, 
  yeah i feel you , i thought the same thing even though i really like act 4, 
  if i was korean and wealthy i would be telling everyone i m a starcraft pro gamer . 
  and when dared to play a game i would say that i promised my manager i wo n't play with strangers to keep my secrets, 
  please fix this pvp issue , i do n't want to spend half my game time locked in, 
  nice build !, 
  what would you recommand for end of nightmare/solo hell ? 
  i m 48 at the moment and running with :, 
  gargantua ( enrage on boss ), 
  poison darts ( * 3 ), 
  dire bats, 
  soul harvest ( life ), 
  fetish army ( aoe at spawn ), 
  and the passives for mana ( you pay with life , you gain more mana , you make more damage but use more mana ), 
  ty for your reply !, 
  so . . you do n't have any low mana cost dps skill right ? 
  which difficulty ? 
  ow cool , i will try this tonight , 
  hope it is bs , i was already annoyed by thorzain leaving mouz , i do n't want another good player leaving for eg . 
  yeah i kind of figured out how does it work , thank you though :p, 
  i will test it , but not getting a low cost dps spell is kinda disturbing . 
  even with the improved mana regen you ca n't spam ad vite eternam bats . 
  hit ron paul , facebook up , lawyer off , delete jerk . 
  yeah people are nerfing an op glitch that allowed the wizard to finish everything first and then you qq that `` wizards are now unplayable on inferno '' like a little b **** ( no offense ), 
  now you got oneshot like everybody else that 's all :p sorc was n't supposed to be the best tank around to my eyes, 
  the wd pets get one/2 shot in inferno . 
  and he has the same , maybe even better , dps than the wiz or the dh . 
  the force armor has been patched, 
  well stephano is staying there for the us lans that he will attend , what makes you think he is considering joining eg ? 
  msi like in ... msi pro cup ? 
  cause he is a kid and behaves like one , not being serious , talking a bit trash , getting drunk before tournaments , you know . . , 
  edit : i m not saying he is bad , he is actually very good and i m a big fan of his game style , but he 's tricky to `` control '' out of the game and can be very very annoying concerning administration or work ethics i think . 
  watchout while you watchout dawg , you never know, 
  ah ok , seems legit . 
  according to `` the sun '' rhianna died of scorbut while she was shopping in a amish wall mart , crazy day, 
  wizard , you got my point , do n't need to play the smartass . 
  thank you i know how the skill worked , coupling it with a low vita and high regen item build ( or a regen mantra monk ) you resplenish your whole life ultra fast , which makes you tanky as hell . 
  of course you will die in certain situation , but much less often than another char . 
  yeah the gargantuan is usefull in hell , dunno about inferno though . 
  the dogs are complete trash, 
  ( for real ), 
  pm sent, 
  so you are actually asking strangers to power level your alt for nothing ? 
  not really , ty though, 
  edit : asking if someone would be interested in something , answering no , downvote !, 
  flawless, 
  i m ok with that if it keeps people from hunting down tigers , i love tigers too much, 
  same for me when i hear `` metagame shift '', 
  did you watch hajime no ippo ? 
  you definitly should, 
  hit ron paul , delete lawyer , vote on facebook , jerk the gym, 
  pfff why did n't they implement this at the release . 
  i left rift cause it was only griding ranks in battle grounds and chaining dungeons/raids , i enjoyed the game a lot though and i would have sticked to it longer if there was this sort of features, 
  check her out the next time you see her , like , stare for a bit , and if she looks at you in the eyes , keep staring for a 1 or 2 seconds , if the look continues , if she blushes , or if she smiles you might have a thing going on . 
  you ca n't be sure unless you try talking to her anyway, 
  nothing special , it will hurt a bit but it 's bearable . 
  be sure to clean it well afterwards . 
  do n't be bothered by your dad or anyone , it 's your body , your choices . 
  i ve done mine a few years ago and i do n't regret it . 
  be sure about the design though, 
  build a new fake account for him by taking his pictures and stuff and doing the exact same account , add all his friends and post some bullshit . 
  date with a chick at my place , did n't have time to eat , got drunk really fast , started puking everywhere , got locked outside my own home while ` breathing some fresh air ' while she was inside . 
  since then my first rule for a good date : keep in control of your alcohol, 
  the goal is not to get wasted but to get her a bit drunk ^ ^, 
  i wo n't say a 100 % success rate , but descent , at least i am always in control and i am sure i wo n't do anything stupid, 
  super hot tight ? 
  it 's blocked at work , anyone could tell me where it is ? 
  get the free mobile app , i installed it yesterday to be safe, 
  ow ok then , i ve got my goblin anyway, 
  i played the shit out of d2 lod and therefor i bought d3 . 
  i doubt that i will play that game for a few months , but i already played around 35h since saturday so , to my eyes , the game already paid for itself . 
  i wo n't consider a game i spent more than 30h on ` bad ' .
