  this game is indeed awesome !, 
  lvl 38 and hoping i m not too close to the end . . 
  still a shit lot of quest to do, 
  rofl this happens to me everytime , fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  what was the run ? 
  i think i might come , 
  just my 2 cent :, 
  i found the baldu ` rs gate personal thief guild/mage tower/warrior castle managing more fun than here . 
  it 's a shame they didn t change the dialogues or even permit you to feel the power you have when you are being promoted to arch mage etc. . 
  also in echo draconis you could upgrade your guards , make them go collect ressources for your crafting etc. . 
  it was really nice , i would love to have guards that i can upgrade , take with me on my journey , patrol the roads with them assign them specific tasks . . 
  yeah but in master league a lot of zergs are going roaches when they see mech and pressure me while on 2 base , and nothing can stop them from taking then a third while pressuring me with a dozen roaches . 
  and i have the feeling that going only thors to counter roaches is really risky until hitting this critical thor number where they just demolish any pack of roaches . 
  but at this point of the game z is allready on t3 and broolords comes out usually . 
  i wanted to add some maraudeurs to counter the roaches in middle game and win at this point . 
  the goal here is to win at 9mins if the z has been greedy on 2 base ( implies active anti scouting and hiding your hellions/maraudeurs ), 
  or to win at the 15 min push with a few thors , maraudeurs/hellions and some air if needed , medivac or vikings, 
  then late game is pretty classic, 
  how can a zerg react to this kind of play ? 
  mutas won t be too effective , glings will get roasted , mass roaches are kinda ok . . 
  no problem , i am ok to discuss it with anyone : o, 
  well the point is to play mech here , and in tvz mech is played with thors/shit lot of hellions and a few tanks . 
  so no marines , extra mins are fueling the hellions production you have to keep mapcontrol , have a descent meatshield and kill all zerglings as fast as possible so thors/tank don t `` loose '' shots on useless zerglings , you can t target fire roaches with all your troops . 
  or at least i ca n't . 
  the usual zerg will respond by getting roaches , sometimes mutas . 
  it 's difficult to counter roaches with thors/hellion in middle game . 
  30 roaches target firing your thors will demolish them in oneshot and hellions are pretty useless vs roaches . 
  so i was thinking about using the fact that u open double barracks tech lab for the 9 min early agression to pump up some maraudeurs to take care of roaches , 8 or 10 stimmed maraudeurs demolish pretty fast roaches . 
  then , if you scout glings/banelings/mutas obvisoulsy do n't go heavy maraudeurs but get some vikings instead to help out the thors and prevent magic boxing . 
  maybe throw down a few marines as well . 
  need to find a descent zerg practice partener to try that ^ ^, 
  then it will be thor / vikings i guess :d need to see if it is anygood vs mass mutas . 
  i think it should be quite descent, 
  well yes , counting on the vikings to make it less effective.if a zerg see a flower of vikings over thors i doubt he will even try to magic box unless he has like 30 mutas , if it happens you basically screwed up ur game anyway as t or it is ultra late game and 10\u00a03/3 thors will demolish that in a splash before magic boxing . 
  i m just freaking sick of playing marine/tank where i m stressed the whole game and must be constantly aware of a baneling threat on my marine ball . 
  spreading like crazy etc. . . 
  yeah i do agree on more thors then tanks , basically to avoid being oblitared by mutas i guess . 
  i need to see those games by mvp though . 
  attention everyone hatjerz states for hate jews , he is nazi, 
  attention everyone hatjerz states for hate jews , he is nazi, 
  thanks for the link man , 
  i love to pick up micro my thors with medivacs : o i like playing with one starport . 
  yeah thors do amazing dps and tank really well , unless you have like 4 of them and the z has 30 roaches , where your thor melt in 4 volleys of the roaches :d i need to practice the macro on this kind of play . 
  haha true that , but i didn t see a baneling all in since a while : o next time i get one it will surprise me for sure !, 
  keeping z at his base with hellions ^ ^ and if i scout roaches bunkers with marauders : o but ur right it s kinda though, 
  i hate going banshee , so i have to rely on hellions to keep z at base and i i scout roaches , well , freestyle time, 
  yeah i don t plan to upgrade maraudeurs i take them only for the bonus damage on roaches which is in itself a big boost in dps . 
  but i tried it today and was kind of dubitative about maraudeurs , i think i will go classic mech , maraudeurs don t seem to be so much effective against mass roach anyway . 
  as a master terran i find it very amusing to have no terrans in my top 10 division and only 2 in the top 25 , also i m very rareky playing tvt right now , which is cool with me . 
  but i feel that t is a bit underpowered right now . 
  terrans are not winning tournaments anymore , there is a reason for that i believe . 
  sounds like fear and loothing is las vegas, 
  starcraft , i hope i will endup being a ghost , travel the world and get the fuck out of koprulu sector . 
  smile awkwardly wishing it ends fast, 
  do you feel blessed o lucky because of that ? 
  why the hell did your dad bring you to the room ? 
  what s the point ? 
  anyway i m sorry for this , i do n't know if it 's a good thing or not for you that she disapeared , she seemed to be kind of a bad person . 
  my dad travelled a lot when he was younger , through cambodia thailand vietnam and stuff . 
  he was a buddhist and very interested into the tibet problems . 
  so he decided to go there and wrote a book about it then he visited the dalai lama in daram sala in india and became friend with him . 
  now they know each other and communicate from time to time . 
  he never bragged about it and is quite humble but my mum told me about it . 
  try having the friends or your sister fancy you when your are 25 and they are 16 , this is awkward . 
  oww which one was the more attractive ? 
  would it have been different if the sister was 18 + ? 
  so true haha, 
  i disagree , it 's a way to open a conversation with someone you do n't know . 
  if you see a girl in a pub or a bar or w/e and you just ask her politely if you can offer her a coffee or a drink it 's perfectly ok . 
  nah i kinda don t like , i prefer to chase and hunt and have the feeling i conquered the woman . 
  gggggggggggggg, 
  and i you prefer american football my team is playing on sunday , 
  this is bullshit . 
  it 's not about giving a gift in exchange of my company , it 's just a regular way of abording a girl in a pub/bar . 
  not saying it 's necessary but if you are enough good looking and looking interesting it works well . 
  nice games ty for sharing it on your stream catz, 
  i hope you will get better and get a big win cause you seem to be a fairly nice guy, 
  how mod you are , bro ? 
  edit : lol it 's the same hallowed as on tl who 's favorite hobbie is to shit on stephano in every single post and being a racist dumbass . 
  you are so obviously a retard it hurts, 
  bang, 
  u stands for you , 're stands for are , what 's your problem ? 
  because `` u '' is faster and i was at work man, 
  yeah , famous in a deezer/combatex way so i do n't know if you should be proud of it . 
  i wish adolf hitler was a no name scrub instead of a famous mass murderer . 
  ho and france not being a race does n't make your comments like `` fuck france '' less retarded , talk about intelligence when you will actually get a brain, 
  lol i do n't even understand why are you talking about stephano , huk got destroyed x-0 every time they met . 
  oh god this tournament will be so awesome ... 
  this is so freakin annoying : o, 
  i would go for sure , 
  it 's like zerglings , but slower, 
  who would come to an mlg there ? 
  keysha is not italian , i call bullshit !, 
  wow sorry to hear that bro . 
  hope the bitch got punished one way or another, 
  2012 , the arrival of flash jaedong and bisu to sc2 , every other player withdraw from competition and the tournaments are played on dices to decide who walks back home with the prize money , esports explodes . 
  nah ^ ^ i like flash thought and bisu when he plays corsairs/dt vs zerg, 
  sick !, 
  5th best ratio in gm, 
  nobody gives a shit about what you think hater .
