  i think that was true 6-7 months ago , but the numbers have changed now . 
  he doesnt bomb you to the stone age when you try to remove kebab from the premises . 
  the key is this  the amending of eu treaties to state explicitly that references to the requirement to seek ever-closer union `` do not apply to the united kingdom '' this is fucking huge . 
  what i loved about italy , and especially rome , is that it combines old and new like no other place . 
  our ancient ruins are either far from the cities , or on top of a hill . 
  in italy you go shopping and find stuff 2000 year old in your path , and some of them are still used . 
  [ that cretan orthodox priest urban warfare expert was hardcore . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/nfy4ifetmve?t=1629 ), 
  [ text ] ( url ), 
  for young people its the same as in most european countries . 
  you go out at friday/saturday and get piss drunk with your friends until its 4am . 
  if you throw up its a social faux pas . 
  most drink beer and spirits , women prefer wine more . 
  there is also a new trend where you order honeyed wine/raki . 
  also we dont use the rounds system ( i learned about that in britain ) , or buy girls drinks like the yanks . 
  old people go out everynow and then and drink hard liquor with meze , which is like the spanish tapas . 
  they drink slowly starting from the evening until 11pm at most , but acting drunk is also a social faux pas . 
  i dont think we can default on the debt . 
  we can print drachmas and devaluate them to pay the debt but that 's it . 
  his army jacket indicates that he served as special forces in his conscription time . 
  you 're misinformed on the matter , armed patrols never stoped refugees , or smugglers . 
  this is just a pretense to send warships to the route russia is taking for resupplying their forces in syria . 
  nobody is stoping refugees least of all nato . 
  it will not deter human trafficking at all , this is just a pretense to send ships on the route russia is using to resupply their forces in syria . 
  shit 's getting real . 
  made linguini with oil , garlic and chopped scallion , 10/10 italians make miracles . 
  too bad i did n't have any parmesan , i just added some greek yellow cheese . 
  we want them in , also bulgaria and cyprus . 
  we get more tourism , trade and we get to cut back on the millitary spendings , bulgaria for the same reasons more or less , and cyprus because they get the whole island back again or else they veto . 
  lusting grandeur does not mean you 're insane mate . 
  it means you 're a cunt . 
  megalomaniac does not mean crazy . 
  use your dictionary . 
  that was pretty hostile , especially in the end , and erdogan sounded like an even bigger megalomaniac than he is . 
  seems a bit fishy , i 'm not convinced until i see further proof . 
  you studied greek and thought english has a more difficult orthography ? 
  cough * s.i. 
  cough *, 
  i think spain tried to remove the y years back . 
  i could be wrong . 
  on a side note the greek language has 5 letters and diphthongs that make the sound e. ( \u0399 , \u03a5 , \u0397 , \u0395\u0399 , \u039f\u0399 ), 
  well they do that too , you know how those people are , happy even if they starve . 
  pretty much this . 
  the thing is they get something ruled out in their favor every time , so why stop ? 
  that gives a city-state vibe from the old times . 
  because it backfired on them . 
  also navies cant tow boats back in turkey , they australlians tow them to international waters . 
  where refugees cross there are none , there is only greek and turkish waters . 
  when migrants see the coast guard they pop their boats and they are obliged to help them under maritime law . 
  navies are useless what we need it to stop the smugglers and only turkey can do that . 
   they have no right demanding my country takes part in that suicide . 
  i agree with you . 
   does that mean that germany should shoulder the estimated 50 billion euro burden did n't merkel welcome the refugees , and explicitly said all of them are welcome ? 
  did n't the german people vote for her ? 
  they are trying to build their lives from scratch , i would go the best country also . 
  are you seriously comparing the syrian people , running away from violent religious groups armed to the teeth violating human rights for their enjoyment , rebel groups wanting power , slavery , biochemical attacks , bombings from 4 + different countries , starvation , lack of electricity , lack of jobs , lack of judicial system and police , healthcare , education , to a man going to the police because someone threatened to kill him ? 
  that 's a false analogy arguement . 
  the crusader countries used to rule them also , the byzantine empire too . 
  that assigning blame and pointing fingers is not gon na solve anything . 
  that 's on us because we cant prove they came from safe countries as an economic migrant . 
  we should develop a mechanism that find out who people are , so we dont fuck over the people who are running for their lives . 
  lets not get ahead of ourselves , there is a significant percentage of people coming to greece who legitimately are fleeing from war . 
  i see no such thing . 
  that 's what we are pushing for a european relocation program . 
  it 's not a solution to the problem though , just a way to mitigate the symptoms . 
   second balkan war basically `` its just a prank bro calm down '' . 
  this is false . 
  our minister of immigration said just 2 weeks ago , we asked for 1800 guards from frontex and we were sent 700 . 
  i can link you the interview but its in greek . 
  did they speak italian also , or they only used the greek language . 
  sorry it was a typo . 
  correcting it now . 
  there are some villages in southern italy that speak some kind of greek dialect even now . 
  i was dumbfounded when i found out . 
  the bants are pretty good today . 
  why would we even agree to a foreign navy guarding our territory . 
  no country would say yes to that , we are not controlled by the eu , we have our own goverment and laws . 
  although the distance from turkey to lesbos island is ~ 10km the distance from lesbos to mainland greece is 100 + . 
  all immigrants get processed , but people are complaining on how well we process them . 
  they need id to get on the ferry . 
  threatening to sanction turkey which hosts 2 million refugees and is vital to stoping them from entering europe , are you out of your mind ? 
  i 'd rather reach an agreement with a diplomatic way , than try to bully them . 
  those 300 million were for identification costs , and people who wanted to stay in greece , and we 're taking flak from left and right all this time because we are not doing a good enough job . 
  go watch the davos interview , the danish prime minister said that we need to get rid of schengen although nobody wants to and alter the dublin treaty , sch\u00e4uble said invenst in infastructure in said countries and tsipras basically said , take them away from us , develop a relocation mechanism guys . 
  immgigrants pop their boats when they see a navy ship approaching , so they would be obliged to help them . 
  sea patroling is pointless . 
  well there is an argument to be made here . 
  if word spreads out that immigrants cant leave greece , they wont bother coming in the first place . 
  of course they will try another route , so that solves nothing . 
  the main thing to be aware of is europe becoming a fortress , that 's how bad things start . 
  i agree with sch\u00e4uble , the only viable solution is investing money to make those countries better . 
  i 've been trying to explain this to / r/europe for over a month now , i have countless posts on this matter , yet there is a misinformed person blaming greece in every thread . 
  some called me a defeatist when i explained the situation to them , and they had no rebuttals . 
  cocaine habits are expensive but it 's not the 70 's anymore . 
  most people buy 2-3 grams and use it over the weekend . 
   also , why is london suddenly the place where cocaine is used the most ? 
  young brits consume drugs and alcohol like there is no tomorrow , i 've experienced this first hand at malia . 
  the same goes for france , britain , germany etc, 
  it made sense in my head when i wrote it . 
  fuck the moon its a barren rock , martian european federation is way cooler .
