  it even has mines in some spots where tanks can cross it . 
  the amount of immigrants passing through the land border is like 2 thousand a year , as opposed to 4 thousand arriving in lesbos each day . 
   how would the police & people react in your country in a situation like nye in k\u00f6ln ? 
  expect violence , lots and lots of violence . 
  i cant even try to describe the mess a story like this would cause . 
  at least you have some relatively new stories , my dad used to read me aesop when i was a kid . 
  that 's how extreme right parties rise in popularity , golden dawn would have a feast if this happened in greece . 
  people keep downvoting me and i dont know why . 
  did i offend the americans , or the leftist europeans ? 
  noone is justifying rape , i 'm just saying 1920 's society was not that far from todays syrian society . 
  you 'd be surprised how backwards society was in the 20 's compared to today . 
  immigration in the states during the 20 's and 30 's was heavily male too , did they have this problem there also ? 
  here in greece all rifled guns are banned , meaning you can only own semi auto bore barreled shotguns for hunting purposes , which makes it extremely difficult to hunt big game like wild boars . 
  but then again we do n't have a problem with deer population like other nations in central europe do , deer is actually a protected species here , and you cant hunt it at all . 
  why is it broken ? 
  and here i am , sad because its 12 degrees outside and i wont see snow for another year . 
  i what does an island of the ionian sea has to do with all this ? 
  also why do you consider my reaction to your post about american films to a european subreddit irrational . 
  it was civil and somewhat polite . 
   greeks are very hurt over corfu and the like what ? 
  why are you being a drama queen and taking things so personally ? 
  saying we should probably talk about europe in / r/europe sounds illogical to you ? 
  also if you changed your flair your post would still be inapropriate for this sub , we are not being elitists here . 
  this article is spot on . 
  i should start going to the guardian more often . 
  `` a touch of spice '' its about a man teaching his grandson the flavors and dishes greeks were cooking in instabul , and mentoring him in his life . 
  its a really emotional and bittersweet film . 
  i 'm sorry but 90 % of reddit is american , there are so many subreddits i cant browse and you can . 
  this subreddit is about the discussion of the european continent , we dont mind americans posting here but the reason i subscribed to / r/europe is because i want to learn europe 's news and related stories . 
  also if i go over to / r/xbox and start discussing about mario kart people are gon na ask me what i 'm doing . 
  why is this article written this way , i was barely able to understand it . 
  no , but claiming that is is just a random turn of events , and not a byproduct of failed invasions and mass political destibilization is just ignorant . 
  the saudis ill give you though , they actually have an agenta . 
   putin does n't name names here , but the implication is clear throughout : world order endeavors to incriminate american foreign policy and place the blame for the current chaos in the middle east on the united states . 
  how is that wrong , half of the fighters in syria are iraqi , and who knows how many weapons come from what americans left behind . 
  i always thought this vaxxers or whatever movement was an american thing . 
  first time i heard about it was in the front page of reddit , here in greece noone believes that shit . 
   50 years of constant clashes over 4 miles of water there are like 6000 islands in the aegean sea , imagine how many square miles we would gain . 
  also the aegean is , since the ancient times , an important trading route , we are not fighting over breadcrumbs here . 
  they sold us some s300 like 10 years ago . 
  would you look up ? 
  they do n't look too excited for their presents . 
  i dont know why are people downvoting you , syriza tried to blackmail our european partners , and now they think little of us . 
  doesnt matter why , or what led to this what matters is that our reputation was damaged and thats sad . 
  7 % is fucking huge , golden dawn is 6 % and they have made a mess since they got into parliament . 
  why did you make me read all of that text for this little passage ? 
   thousands of czechs took part in a demonstration against zeman , protesting his pro-russian stance and vulgar language edit : also this does not answer my question . 
  so is the stuff about him being bought by putin lies , i read the comment by / u/dracom514 and its conflicting with yours . 
  `` it 's fine , we 're just friends having fun , we 're not dogfighting . '', 
  there . 
  we never had a brawl the last 20 years , crazy shit happened like the one time an mp stole the voting box , but nobody ever beat someone up in greece . 
  same old shit here in greece . 
  also we expect those reparations , dont think we have forgotten about them / s. 
  we do , they will stop all these provocations so we can cut back on our military spendings , agree on national borders in the aegean which is rich in oil , plus have some trade agreements and tourism . 
  its not happening sadly . 
  everyone had those in ww1 and ww2 . 
  posting it on twitter from an embassy account on the other hand . 
   we are not bullies i swear you guys its the russians fault . 
  i 'm sorry but nobody is supporting pkk . 
  / r/europe and reddit in general are pro peshmerga an organisation that hates pkk . 
   unclear they are perfectly clear if you follow the regulations the whole world uses . 
  they are only unclear because turkey wants the aegean sea for herself . 
  [ here is a turkish coast guard ship trying to capsize a refugee boat , in lesbos . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn-4dpywihw ) why are you accusing us when you do the same ? 
  cyprus will veto it 100 % certain . 
  why are they booing though , minute of silence is pretty easy to understand . 
  they actually would be , `` allahu akbar '' means `` the god is greater '' . 
  or are you implying they would leave islam if isis attacked . 
  there was always hate between the greeks and the turks in football matches , 1453 flags and some opened heads , but i always found it somewhat normal when you look at history , and the kind of people the ultras are in both our countries . 
  this is another matter completely , from a country i considered similar to mine in many ways . 
  i 'm greatly saddened and disappointed . 
  that leaves america out , if he invoked the nato article the us would have a legitimate reason to get involved in the syria war . 
  is n't this the same organization the usa was supplying at the start of the war , but later stopped because they joined isis ? 
  yeah that makes sense , although i consider a referendum , the ultimate form of democracy , totally direct power to the dimos ( people in greek ), 
  voting in elections is not mandatory either . 
  the way i see it if you dont care enough to care , then others shall decide your fate . 
  the problem is those rules stay for the next president too , so if the next guy is a psychopath you got a situation like the last king of scotland movie , which is based on real events if i may add . 
  cocaine . 
   pineapple pizza is good i thought it was a criminal offense in italy to admit that . 
  just buy an anti-dog spray and you 're all set . 
  bulgaria has its fair share of muslim population that have been there for centuries and they cause no trouble now . 
  too bad they are getting punished too . 
  noone should relly on tourism to earn his bread , and i say this as a greek with 30 % of my country 's gdp coming from tourism . 
  its a shit bussiness . 
  [ woah . 
  yes , after 1000 years of existing . 
  thats the top score . 
  leopards have turn signals nowadays . 
  send money for the gas we 're not exactly rich . 
  half of the danish goals from 9 or more meters . 
  if every person you know thinks you are a cunt , then maybe they are not all of them wrong . 
  dont get me wrong turkey is the worst neighbor to have , but them joining the eu is a step to the right direction . 
  they may become more civilized and i wont get scared about going back to the fucking army as a conscript everytime i hear there is a coup in turkey . 
  yes greece has 2.6 % of its gdp go to defwnse spending due tue vietnam . 
  we will reduce our defense spending which is really high , boost tourism because there will be no visa requirements , and have some extra trade deals . 
  greece wont , but cyprus will . 
  we actually benefit from turks joining the eu . 
  completely disagree , and not just because i 'm greek myself . 
  greece has n't been that relevant in european affairs since ww2 . 
  another proud descendant of aleksandrofski the great .
