  a goverment can do many things simultaneously you know . 
  do they have any leverage against turkey , or this is just an empty threat just for show . 
  we have no problem with them including macedonia in their name , they are part of the region after all . 
  what we want is a distinction , something to show that they are not the only macedonia out there , and they have no rights to the rest of the region , hence slavic macedonia and north macedonia were proposed by the greek side . 
  they were declined by fyrom . 
  fyrom occupies a small percentage of phillips kingdom , which they claim to be descendants of , the bulk of it is in greece including his grave , plus the people living there are slavic and emigrated 1000 years after his death . 
  how is that not stealing history , thats like african americans claiming they are apache indians because they live close to where the tribe lived years ago . 
  no it is not . 
  the fact that we have to ask another country to back off with thei history stealing is pretty infuriating on the other hand . 
  and not just us they tried this with bulgaria and albania . 
  they even started claiming mother theresa was ` macedonian ' a few years back . 
  anyways we are being civil about this , excersising our rights , its not like we are going to war . 
  there is little dispute about alexander being greek though . 
  also the us was not colonised only by the english . 
  greece proposed the name northern macedonia but fyrom refused . 
  who 's unreasonable now ? 
  its not like we did not throw them a bone its that they are considering themselves the only macedonia there is , all others are fake . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  i agree with you , but that doesnt mean we will stand for it, 
  its actually not . 
  not the whole country at least . 
  the south part of fyrom was inside phillips kingdom , the northern not . 
  the whole country was inside thema makedonias which was an administrative subdivision for byzantine garrisons but that was way later . 
  i cringed . 
  im not pining this on merkel 100 % but you have to agree she stirred the pot . 
  we were getting 20-30k mainly kurdish and pakistani immigrants before 2013 , and now 800k . 
  greece always had a problem with illegal immigration , but comparing our past 20k a year tops to last years 800k is absurd . 
  a host has to invite a guest , we did no such thing , unlike germany . 
  also again the root cause is a practically open invitation from merkel that is not taken back even today . 
  why should we pay ? 
  what are you talking about , they are being relocated by the greek police force there . 
  and no there are no proper buildings in other camps , they are all pretty much the same . 
  please do some research before posting , this is just plain ignorance . 
  to be honest the idomeni camp is absolutely disgusting . 
  it looks like a trench from wwi . 
  there was a miningitis case reported today . 
  of your problems . 
  remember you 're in a union . 
  europe 's borders . 
  closing borders in europe is like treating the symptoms , not the root cause . 
  nobody said you couldnt , if the country they came from agrees to take them back . 
  again with the insults and ad hominems . 
  how old ae you man ? 
  there are no friends in geopolitics . 
  you are very naive , and you dont know how the world works . 
  i will veto them in the european parliament and nato council which i have the right to . 
  they on the other hand have no right to veto shit , because they are not members . 
  is an actual false analogy . 
  you are comparing countries to people . 
  also i neven said i had authority to determine another country 's name , but i do have the right to veto them until they change it . 
  google false analogy argument . 
  what are you implying right now ? 
   literal name calling good job there mate , you sure showed me . 
  this . 
  they can choose whatever they like but , dont expect good diplomatic relations after . 
  we are being civil about it , excersising our veto right , we are not going to war . 
  they want to differentiate themselves from bulgarians man . 
  everyone and their mother knows that the fyrom-bulgarian borders are not to divide ethnicities , but administrations . 
  they falsify history to create a national identity , and have a reason to exist as a different country . 
  and we have the right to veto them , because we dont like their nationalistic history butchering . 
  whats the problem ? 
  there were quite a few running 4-5 years ago disguised as turism agencies but they faded out . 
  the biggest one was in albania , people got their bank accounts emptied , and there were riots in the streets . 
  aparently albanians demanded compensation from the goverment . 
  greece also . 
  yeah man , i will never undersrand this . 
  is this brainwashing through school ? 
  i didnt claim chechnya is independent , but they are part of russia , and russia borders eu countries . 
  as far as state of war goes , why are you moving the goalposts ? 
  how about the chechens . 
  there is a number of chechens that joined isis in the past years . 
  you are speculating wildly , thats what you 're doing . 
  if this and if that . 
  europe borders a lot of countries that had wars or civil wars in the past decades and we are fine, 
  this is too stereotypical to be true . 
  he even got muh heritage in there . 
  no it wont , quit with your fearmongering . 
  you 're an idiot if you believe you invaded and/or are occupying the half of the island for this reason . 
  speaking as a greek i dont . 
  as long as the cyprus situation gets sorted and the recent human rights violations get dealt with , im up for it . 
  it will even be better for us , since we will be able to cut back on our millitary spendings . 
  time for people in / r/europe to start blaming italy for the refugee situation . 
  cant wait to be honest , im just sick explaining to all those retards the only way to stop the influx is a agreement with the turks . 
  dude i love snow too , but visiting a ski resort is not the same as living in scandinavia . 
  its cold windy , and there may be a week without a hint of sun . 
  you 're right . 
  we put ourselves in that situation . 
  greece currently has 25 % unemployment rate , 48 % among young people . 
  you think its time for some more ? 
  whatever , i dont give a fuck . 
  going on a tantrum about the political choices of our parents has nothing to do with the current refugee crisis . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  you 're an idiot , the land border between greece and turkeys is guarded by greek police army and frontex with thermal cameras 24/7 and its also a natural obstacle ( biggest river in the balkans with anti-tank mines in parts of it ) less than 100 people get undetected every year . 
  source : i live there . 
  why do you comment ? 
  you obviously dont know the first thing about the refugee crisis . 
  well they cant do that anymore , if this deal is achieved , thats what i 'm trying to say . 
  if they travel to lesbos they get processed and deportation , if they try the land route , the same , as its easier to guard . 
  up until now there was nowhere to deport them so they wandered off . 
  cyprus will veto any attempt of turkey trying to join the eu , and thats completely understandable considering turkey is occupying 40 % of the island .
