  just face it already , there is nothing wrong with being balkan . 
  ( jk its a hellhole ), 
  whats wrong with snails ? 
  i have never met a man who tried them and diddnt like them . 
  why are you comparing apples with oranges now ? 
  if the whole italy was inside the balkan peninsula then italy would be balkan . 
  but slovenia is inside the balkan peninsula . 
   no winter tires are mandatory more like critical thinking is not mandatory . 
  i once saw a guy with an automatic 50cc scooter leaving a ski resort with his snowboard strapped in his back . 
  christianity never spread like a wildfire in greece , proto-christians were ridiculled and mocked by philosophers and politicians . 
  the verb hellenize already exists , when it refers to antiquity it means turning someone from a hut-dwelling barbarian , to a civilized member of society . 
  when it refers to modern times it means acquiring immense ammounts of crippling debt . 
  i thought the slavs were nomadic tribes , that migrated to those lands . 
  at least thats what happened in the balkans . 
  this fearmongering with the potential grexit is worse than our nai/oxi referendum in the summer . 
  she is a un women goodwill ambassador , and a philanthrope , not to mention prominent actor . 
  this sub is not just for politics . 
   reimburse and relocate the citizens who do n't want to stay there . 
  wow are you serious right now ? 
  spoils of war are not in the same category as stealing the marbles man . 
  there are tons of stuff in rome from the sacking of constantinople during the fourth crusade but noone petitions to get them back . 
  the city of athens was never an empire though , at best it had serious influence in other city states, 
  a fighter plane or a small secluded chapel in some random mountain . 
  probably because everyone waves a flag at national holidays , and on national holidays the air force makes low passes where i live to celebrate . 
  pretty militaristic i know . 
  you expect me to bite ? 
  it 's clear pope francis does all this for the media 's attention , i dont know if he is trying to reinvent the catholic 's church image or he just enjoys it yet though . 
  yeah man , especially since turkey has a political crisis ( their prime minister resigned ) . 
  erdogan might want the media 's attention to turn elsewhere , while he is covering the shit inside his party . 
   which would block turkish movement through the aegean so what , our warships cant enter the dardanelles straits . 
   number of illegal immigrants entering ** hungary **  hungary defending europe once again hungary is defending hungary as we all should , except its more difficult for some of us to defend our own borders . 
  i can hardly keep up with antigone in ancient greek , and i studied half the play in highschool . 
  did you understand anything ? 
  the bombs that fell in dresden were more kilotons than nagasaki and hiroshima , making it the biggest bombing in history . 
  not in european continent . 
  if you include mortars and old cannons probably the most bombarded/besieged city in europe is constantinople . 
  fun fact , belgrade was captured by a squad of stranded ss troops using a ruse by a captain . 
  when the mayor of belgrade who signed the surrender found out , he shot himself in the head . 
  you can also be european without being in europe , look at cyprus . 
  most of the times the company pays as they lose more money with the ship staying idle . 
   greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee  drinking coffee oh it is n't ? 
  good to know mate . 
  people continue to behave civilized and demonstrate peacefully even after all this austerity and taxes . 
  turkey on the other hand had a coup while having an ok economy . 
  no it doesnt give germany monopoly , make better tanks if you want contracts . 
  unless you want your country 's military having sub par expensive tanks . 
  i 'm happy with greece buying leopards , because they are cheap and have next to no maintenance . 
  well if the germans make the best and cheapest tanks of them all ( which they do ironically ) , i cant see how this is unfair . 
  yes . 
  so the people voting for him are not to blame at all , just the man they vote for . 
   erdogan is the problem with turkey , not the majority of turks . 
  i hate when people say this kind of stuff . 
  erdogan was elected by the turks to lead their country , what you 're suggesting is a coup , or a political assassination is the only way to solve the erdogan problem , which is not fine at all . 
  abrams tanks use the 120mm german panzerkanone from rheinmetal that leopards a6 's use, 
   1952 olympus made in china if you ask me . 
  so i 'm not wrong . 
  first of all mongolia is in central asia , secondly the turkish people came from the altay mountainrange , where modern kazhakstan mongolia and russia are . 
  there are in mongolia , where the turks emmigrated from . 
  i expect a billion air violations per day starting tomorrow , and some spicy comments from erdogan about the greek islands . 
   so are you trying to argue that people in greece who fought and died are n't considered heroes by greeks ? 
  yes . 
  at least where i 'm from when people talk for relatives fighting the axis , they do it with a weird pride and at the same time melancholy . 
  some people are considered heroes for doing something extraordinary , but not all of the soldiers were considered heroes , even the ones from my father 's village who fought in africa . 
   `` hero '' does n't mean being leonidas or horatio nelson thats what i disagree about , in my opinion heroes are people who did that little extra and more , not people who are fighting cancer , or firefighters doing their job . 
   many people co-operated with the nazis not the majority though , being a collaborator wasnt for sure the normal thing to do . 
  most people in greece resisted actively or passively . 
   risking his life to save europe from nazi pricks ? 
  lots of people did that , not by choice , but because it was the normal thing to do . 
  hell we even got attacked so is it heroic to resist the foreign forces coming to conquer , or just an obligation ? 
  i agree with the turkish poster to be honest , hero is a big word , maybe he was , maybe he wasnt but that does not mean because he participated in d-day he was one . 
  really shameful . 
  `` cheese eaters '' frogland btfo . 
  we also call france gallia , and england anglia . 
  the greek name is ancyra which is funny because ancyra means anchor , and ankara does not have sea access . 
  we still call the city constantinople in greece . 
  also instabul means `` to the city '' in greek so its the same thing . 
  \u0399nstabul 's in europe though . 
  yes ans we have a problem with them calling themselves macedonian . 
  its not like we went to war we are being civillised and excerciced our right to veto because we think this history mongering is a threat to our national security . 
  also its not utterly ludicrous to say they are not distinct nations , you 're just making stuff up , there is a percentage amongst them that think they are the same as bulgarians . 
   nationalist everyone in greece opposes this , not just the far right . 
  also the macedonian language is just a bulgarian dialect . 
   it 's irrelevant when their national identity developed . 
  the only reason they developed a national identity was to differentiate themselves from bulgaria , although everyone knows the fyrom-bulgarian borders are administrative and not ethnic ones . 
  3 % so hardly . 
  i have a chinese phone so thats propably true . 
  you could hide from the panel in the 1984 universe , but it was strictly forbidden with like 5 years jail . 
  also there are secure programs for android nowadays , i recommend signal . 
  leopards are exactly what you describe though , they only need diesel and some oil to run . 
  minimal maintenance , although they propably captured minimal ammunition . 
  i served on them , they are really good tanks maintenance wise especially when compared to the abrams . 
  how the fuck were they able to take on leo 2a4s , they are one of the best tanks in the world . 
  what kind of armament do they have ? 
  i dont see anything on the site you linked about captured tanks . 
   in moments of surprise or relief i 'm asking about political statements , not going to disneyland . 
  for example in the earlier turkish coup , there was no official plead to allah by either side during the fighting . 
  i heard takbir , allahu akbar , and the finger pointing up the sky . 
  we have no way of knowing for sure , but if you ask me the clues point there , and i would not be surprised if he was a jihadist . 
  so muslims are incapable of making political statements without including religion , thats what you 're saying ? 
  he also shouted allahu akbar of you listen carefully .
