everyone knows investing in eastern poland is a sure profit these days . 
  [ ukraine shows greece the way ] ( https://i.imgur.com/c4jt321.png ), 
  what ? 
   why is cyprus split in two . 
  top bants . 
  i 'm so angry right now , but it could be the wine . 
  consider this . 
  the san bernadino shooter used two .223 ar-15 which you can find in america with less than 700 $ each . 
  for me to get the same gun i have to go to bulgaria or albania , and pay 25.000 euros . 
  i also need to have a guy in border control to smuggle it through in the country , and some connection to a mafia boss , or arms dealer . 
  in america all you need is your id and credit card . 
  most expats are far right wingers its not just the turkish ones . 
  why should i , because they are my neighbors ? 
  so if they werent there would be no problem ? 
  then stop pulling this bullshit and elect someone better . 
  i have no pity for you people , you and only you got yourselves in that situation . 
   as for what you can do , you can stop behaving like little children , and accept that not everyone agrees with you how about you stop electing those nationalistic idiots and accept your real roots . 
  we are just exercising our right to veto , which is perfectly legal and in my opinion justified . 
  are you threatening greece to either accept or war now ? 
  so , what you 're talling me is that there is no way , via diplomatic ways to ensure you guys stop to teach false history , and to an extend have a casus belli on us . 
  no way for you guys to understand that what you 're doing is wrong so war is the only option here . 
  what i would like is having neighbours with no made up reasons to invade my country , or hate my people . 
  thats a bit too much in the balkans though . 
  i dont know when was acceptable foreign policy to usurp other people 's hostorical figures and teach your children they have stolen lands from you , like you guys do in your schools . 
  just because you guys have no national identity and want to differentiate yourselves from bulgaria does not mean we will let you do whatever you want . 
   there 's no way for greece to enforce that sort of thing in macedonia how do you know that ? 
  again you 're speculating wildly . 
   do you think macedonia would be stupid enough to attempt to conquer a landmass twice its size yes and it has happened before . 
  hell our own independence is a story like that . 
   do you think that changing our name will really somehow stop nationalism yes i do . 
  of course today 's idiots will not stop being idiots , but in the future the kids will not learn in official state schools that their ancestors were ancient macedonians , and therefore stop resenting the greeks what you 're saying right now is stop wanting to change our names and let us be nationalistic , because although we know we are in the wrong there will not be any change . 
  i will not put up with it . 
  how do you know what can happen 100 years in the future ? 
  you re just speculating wildly to excuse fyrom 's nationalistic whims . 
   fyrom is going to invade greece anytime soon we have fought a war with bulgaria not even 100 years ago because a dog crossed the border . 
  this is the balkan peninsula we 're talking about . 
  nationalism is pure hate and retardation . 
  i think you meant patriotism . 
  [ that reminds me of this . 
  get with the times man , vertical stripes are so 18th century . 
  there was a lot of discourse in greece a few years back about where satire ends and personal attack begins . 
  i agree with having some limits but this is not one of those cases . 
  what 's an orthodox european ? 
  do you mean christian orthodox european ? 
   as / u/poutchika just pm ` ed me about potential misconception . 
  putin is actually not on the list . 
  just the goduncle of his daughter !, 
  / u/chilliphilli this was posted 20 minutes ago in the livethread . 
  its really good , but i dont like the snoo on the top left . 
  is there anything this man can not do ? 
   a european people , with a single language and identity over my dead body maybe . 
  he was in a coma probably in a persistent vegetative state . 
  stop making everything about gun laws , this man was stabbed to death and this happens everywhere . 
  the point of this piece is that noone helped him . 
  like any of the other politicians answer directly . 
  not all of it but at least some would be nice . 
  its straight up bullying . 
   few months few days ago you mean mate , i was sick of all those people shouting guard your borders greece you lazy fucks . 
  wikipedia says otherwise after a quick search . 
  maybe it did not start as such , but it was adopted by islamist organisations , like the arab islamic republic or the american nation of islam . 
  it represents the flag of turkey/ottoman empire , which predates those organisations , but some people associate the crescent and star with islam these days . 
   prostitution in france is legal , but if you get caught you are fined 4.000 euros . 
  i 'm sorry but this is idiotic , i know you have to protect the prostitute but it doesnt make sense to me . 
  this feels out of place to honest . 
  its gon na be horrible with the 4 more yet to come . 
  why ? 
  it was taken really well by the public so far . 
  europe is pretty easy to define , and has been for lots of years . 
  you are confusing the eu and the continent of europe . 
  zorba lived 170 years ago , i thought you were talking about more recent stuff . 
   however , those proposals have since been watered down , lowering expectation on greater financial help and talks on eu membership and linking visa-free travel to 72 conditions to which turkey must agree . 
  can someone link me these conditions ? 
  also what happens with the 40 thousand refugees stuck in limbo in greece ? 
  im talking about russia , and eastern europe in general . 
  the bloodiest vendetta in crete ended in 1985 . 
  it started in 1941 between the pentari and the sartzeti family , and over 120 men were killed . 
  she would be sent to a monastery not killed . 
  i assume you speak of cretan and peloponnese vendettas where no women were killed , only men . 
  ours were like italian vendettas though . 
  squating is like a national sport over there . 
  yeah thats a dick move , editing without stating it, 
  nobody in / r/europe understands that the bulgarian-fyrom borders are there to separate administrations not etchinicities . 
  more like a random kid changed his last name to yours and now claims you are not your fathers son and also claim you have no rights to the inheritance . 
  [ explain this then . 
  ] ( http://history-of-macedonia.com/2011/12/14/irredentist-map-united-macedonia-primary-school-fyrom/ ), 
  tribes as i stated above . 
  humans were trappers/hunters/gatherers not so long ago , and evolution takes a lot longer than that . 
  anyways there is no evidence homosexualiyu evolved as a labour division trait after a quick search . 
  fell free to link me if you find a study though , im interested in the matter . 
  you cant seriously believe we evolved this way that fast . 
  people were tribal creatures only 2000 years ago . 
  i dont know , and i dont have to know . 
  i like mouzalas very much , and i think he is the best minister in our current goverment . 
  he was also in doctors without borders , the man is a philanthropist . 
  i dont want him to get fired , he made a mistake and apologised for it . 
  you should also understand that our foreign policy is not something to be taken lightly , of course there is gon na be a debate about this . 
  no they do not . 
  you are right fyrom doesnt pose a threat now , but what about in 100-200 years . 
  who 's to say they dont go north korea style and invade , or make a strong alliance with other people . 
  its just better for greeks if they dont have a right to call that land theirs .
