  france is pretty mixed , but they are not in the least racist . 
  london too . 
  it 's a taboo to talk about race in the us , but that doesnt mean certain people are discriminated . 
  athens is a shithole because its full of ugly 1950 's blocks of buildings , its not more or less dangerous than other european capitals . 
  i expect this year a even greater increase , due to russia practically banning tourism in turkey , but still its bad pr . 
  there are already people coming to / r/greece and asking us if its safe to visit . 
  also the increase last year was because the euro fell considerably . 
  so they were given a job , not benefits . 
  but turkey cant prevent them from entering their waters , they just buy a shitty boat and take off from a random beach . 
  because crossing to europe from land is much harder . 
  we cant patrol our islands adequately but the border with turkey is watched 24/7 by the greek army , police and frontex . 
  the river evros which separates greece and turkey is full of watch towers , and in some places where tanks can cross full of old mines , and constant aerial patrols with thermal scope equipped helicopters . 
  also turkey has the same shit on the other side , and they watch their roads and railways . 
  your comment makes no sense man . 
   looking for an excuse they would n't be looking long enough if they wanted to find one , they would just have to look on the morning paper . 
  but i agree with you , its pretty worrisome , and it reminds me of our own golden dawn guys . 
  different times back then , nobody gave free money to immigrants . 
   the greeks do n't want to that 's false , our immigration minister stated only a week ago that greece asked for 1800 frontex guards , and only 700 arrived . 
  i can link you the interview but its in greek . 
  the thing is it would make little difference if we have more people watching , because refugees pop their boats when they see a coastguard vessel , and we are obliged to rescue them , because of the geneva convention . 
  what we need is transit camps , preferably in turkey . 
  i 'm not the same guy , but what you 're saying makes no sense whatsoever . 
  so because poor countries export raw resources we shouldnt ? 
  also gold cant be refined , not at these quantities . 
  no , you 're just an idiot . 
  what we need is transition camps in turkey , and the turkish government to stop enabling the human traffickers to do whatever they like like today . 
  also a 2000 % increase in frontex budget and staff , we dont need `` linguistics experts '' or all that bullshit . 
  you know there are arriving 4k people each day to lesbos , and you suggest `` linguistics experts '' to deal with them . 
  where mars ? 
  if we dont know where they 're from what the fuck do we do with them ? 
  what about no mate , what about we let them through to come to you . 
  they dont want to stay either so why would we give a fuck . 
   middle east the explosion was literally inside the european continent . 
  just saw it on the news over here , they say one police officer is believed to be dead , but its still unconfirmed . 
  getting a bit nervous over here , that 's only 3 hours away by car . 
  the difficult things is that sometimes countries dont accept those `` identified '' refugees , [ like pakistan some weeks ago . 
  ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/203987/article/ekathimerini/news/pakistan-refusing-to-let-30-migrants-deported-from-eu-off-plane ) why should greece build the camps and get stuck with them , when we took no part in causing this crisis , unlike some other european nations . 
  what if they say they are syrian but dont have id papers with them . 
  in italy people are claiming to be syrian although they are clearly sub-saharan . 
  also why would turkey agree to take refugees back from us , its not their problem . 
  i cant even access the whole article , can you post it on the comment section ? 
  why is he a clown , i really like his political views and he 's is way better than slimy meimarakis . 
  plus his bio is impressive . 
   his thatcher-wananbe bitch of a sister . 
  his sister diddnt support him what are you talking about ? 
  i agree . 
  she should at least be charged with kidnapping charges . 
  also what kind of fuckwit would take her back , i would have divorced her right on the spot . 
  did you even read the text mate , it literally says greeks raped and killed peaceful turks . 
  how about we let them through to come to your countries , because noone wants to stay here , what then huh . 
  there is two sides to every story here , and greece did nothing to cause this crisis unlike other european nations , and you cunts blame us for all those refugees arriving every week . 
  just because we are trying to be 100 % right with the law does not mean we will stand all those insults by all you idiots . 
  frontex is a service comprised of police officers from all europe that ** volunteer ** to join . 
  they get more money , and other benefits sure , but whats the point in doing that , going to a foreign country to guard the border . 
  now let me tell you a secret , you just said that frontex only has 344 employees and its january 8 . 
  on august check how many employees frontex has , and you will find the number tenfold , because everyone volunteers to come vacationing with a fat salary in greece and italy . 
   let me explain this to you man , first of all we have a vast sea border , where the refugees can enter from 100 different places . 
  everyone is obligated by the geneva convention to aid a vessel in distress . 
  refugees when seeing a greek coast guard vessel aproaching pop their boats , so it makes absolutely zero difference if the migrants wash up on your shores or if you rescue them at sea yourself . 
  i have posted this as a reply to your post already please read it and stop asking the same questions . 
  / r/morbidreality material to be honest . 
  what happens to them now , will they be sent back , or tried for rape charges, 
   returning them to their port of origin . 
  ( in this case turkey ) you simply can not do that , unless you have an agreement with turkey . 
  it 's basically an act of war . 
  what i thought you meant was returning them to syria whick is a violation of the geneva convention . 
   no contracting state shall expel or return ( `` refouler '' ) a refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion ` . 
  the principle of non-refoulement is enshrined in eu law in article 78 ( 1 ) tfeu and article 18 and 19 of the eu 's charter of fundamental rights . 
  i 'm copy pasting my reply to other dude . 
  ok man let me explain . 
  the syrian refugees carry with them a syrian passport . 
  the economic migrants either buy a forged syrian passport , something you can find very easily or dont carry nothing with them , but claim to be syrian . 
  police officers and frontex guards then interview them to try and locate their place of origin . 
  in italy people claim to be syrian although they are clearly sub-saharan for example . 
  some of them are deported but still [ their country is not obliged to take them . 
  ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/europe-migrants-greece-pakistan-idinl3n13s2wt20151203 ) now you 're asking me why we dont only accept females and kids , well , men are fleeing from war too , it would be just unfair to deny them . 
  ok man let me explain . 
  the syrian refugees carry with them a syrian passport . 
  the economic migrants either buy a forged syrian passport , [ something you can find very easily ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/17/how-easy-is-it-to-buy-fake-syrian-passport ) or dont carry nothing with them , but claim to be syrian . 
  police officers and frontex guards then interview them to try and locate their place of origin . 
  in italy people claim to be syrian although they are clearly sub-saharan for example . 
  some of them are deported but still [ their country is not obliged ] ( http://in.reuters.com/article/europe-migrants-greece-pakistan-idinl3n13s2wt20151203 ) to take them . 
  what if the cops find you with no passport or id , and dump you to germany without giving a fuck who you are , or where you came from . 
  that 's a violation of human rights . 
  also turkey does n't want them , and is not obliged to take them because they are not citizens of turkey . 
  and why would they , they are not their problem anymore , nor are they in this european `` union '' . 
  let me explain this to you man , first of all we have a vast sea border , where the refugees can enter from 100 different places . 
  everyone is obligated by the geneva convention to aid a vessel in distress . 
  refugees when seeing a greek coast guard vessel aproaching pop their boats , so it makes absolutely zero difference if the migrants wash up on your shores or if you rescue them at sea yourself . 
  the only way to secure our border is by letting them drown . 
  [ so this distance ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qgaqpu8.jpg ) is the [ same as this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vsjvjkn.jpg ) . 
  do you know how many islands there are in the aegean , or how long our border with turkey is ? 
  our minister of immigration policy gave an interview yesterday stating that greece asked for 1800 frontex guards , and only 700 arrived . 
  the main thing is that recently there was a movement that tried to change the charter of frontex and give powers to guards to act wherever they wanted , and as they wanted . 
  that 's not wanted by many countries , including greece , and to be honest i dont see how it would help frontex do its job better . 
  i could link the interview but its in greek . 
  so he basically said : fuck greece they 're on their own just because they have a coastline . 
  well fuck you too buddy . 
  what do you mean , kick greece italy and spain out of the eu and build walls like trump wants to ? 
  what the fuck is even orban talking about , the northern borders of greece and turkey is [ the river evros ] ( https://imgur.com/o4emjg7 ) which is watched 24/7 by frontex , greek police , and greek army .
