  orban has invested pollitically in the refugee situation . 
  france i dont have a clue . 
  but it will . 
  its just a way of saying : if you want to go to germany , you should follow the legal proceedures and request asylum in turkey and then wait to be tranfered . 
  noone is that stupid , to try to enter turkey , then go to the aegean coast in anatolia with no papers , and then risk your life in a shitty rubber boat , only to get nothing in return . 
  also the cost is 1k euros per person to traffickers , and there is no other way to go to mainland greece from lesbos , other than the ferry , which is watched heavily . 
  its pretty clever in my opinion . 
  what kind of nonsense is this ? 
  why are you speculating so wildly ? 
  i really doubt anyone would take all those chances of dying in the aegean , to be deported back to turkey . 
  fuck me , they 'll get stuck in greece now . 
  thanks hungary . 
  although lesbos and kos are like 2 kms from the coast of turkey , they are pretty far from the mainland . 
  only way you can go to athens is by ferry , which is watched heavily . 
  that reminds me of `` the man in the high castle `` and `` red dawn '' . 
  its just a way to say : if you want to go to germany , you should follow the legal proceedures and request asylum in turkey and then wait to be tranfered . 
  noone is that selfless , to try to enter turkey , then go to the aegean coast in anatolia with no papers , and then risk your life in a shitty rubber boat , only to get nothing in return . 
  also the cost is 1k euros per person to traffickers . 
  its pretty clever in my opinion . 
  did you even read anything before commenting ? 
  dont get me started on superleague greece man . 
  its fucking disgusting , hooligans , bribes , owners using the fanbase as a political capital , team debt . 
  literally everyone wants a reform , but no minister had the balls to get them in line . 
  also 70 % of the goals come from fauls or corners , its not a great spectacle . 
  the greek cup was cancelled a few days ago because [ paok fans entered the tarmac ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2dzyn1dp1m ) after losing 1-2 to olympiakos , so maybe syriza will do something about the problem , although i dont have much hope . 
  bonus after pic showing the destruction . 
  what was the reason behind this ? 
  im sure people would defend the land they wete born at better than foreigners . 
  what do you mean by `` by foreign lands '' . 
  to foreign lands or from foreign lands . 
  calling fyrom as macedonia . 
  the greek state does not recognise the name macedonia , and in all state documents is refered as \u03a0\u0393\u0394\u039c , and we stick a sticker on the plates of cars who want to enter the country , but its not illegal to name them as such . 
  some people even demonstrate for this reason , although they are a minority . 
  freedom of speech , is a serious business here . 
  i did not know that , its pretty fascinating . 
  are you a troll , or a crazy anticki ? 
  nation and country are two completely different things . 
  also are you seriously inplying that if you get conquered you instantly lose all rights to your ancestors history ? 
  i completely disagree with you , just because fyrom goverments want to create a national identity , to differentiate themselves from bulgaria , does not mean we will stand for this history butchering . 
  and its not just us , tjey have tried the same with albania and bulgaria also . 
  some years back they started claiming mother theresa was not albanian . 
  because they are slavic , and their ancestors emigrated to those lands centuries after alexander died . 
  greece actually proposed to fyrom to adopt the name north macedonia but they declined . 
  yeah , kasidiaris is a grade a cunt , but still remember greece is unified behind not letting fyrom adopting macedonia as an official name . 
  its not illegal yes , but it disrespects greeks considering the bbc were visitors in greece . 
  golden dawn mps are a bunch of uneducated nationalistic fanatics , but i kinda agree with them on this matter . 
  its like intervieweing david cameron and stating mid interview that the falklands belong to argentina . 
  its a faux pas . 
  noone , but you 'll be in the fate as north korea , as far as diplomacy goes . 
  no , its because you cant seize refugee boats because they sink themselves when they see the coastguard aproaching . 
  a boat seized in greek territorial waters by the greek coast guard has nothing to do with greece having secure borders ? 
  we can not secure our borders against refugees but we can secure them against other sea vessels , dont equate the two , they are completely different things . 
  i know i have . 
  i wonder if someone should make a thread for all those dense people in / r/europe explaining the situation . 
  you cant send asylum seekers back , they are seeking asylum . 
  you can send back economic.migrants from safe countries if you can identify them . 
  but those guys carry fake syrian passports which look 100 % legitimate , or dont carry passports at all claiming they got destryed in bombings . 
  you can not border sea borders from immigrants , that is a fact these days . 
  are you actually saying that ` turkish cyprus ' a ` country ' recognised by no other real country except , than turkey , ahould join the eu ? 
  everyone would veto this , it just gives turkey voting rights by proxy in the eu and none of the downsides . 
  also arts . 
  the renaisance is considered to be ignited by fleeing greeks from ere . 
  why are you so salty though ? 
  unripe olive oil is the best one though . 
  a ton of middle aged turks got a mustache though . 
  are turks considered macho ? 
  first time i ' hearing this . 
  its still insane . 
  if you are about to get deported after you have rebuild your life in a new place because of something petty like a speeding ticket , you may as well kill the policeman writing it . 
  especially if they will execute you home , as / u/23powerz bellow said . 
  i laughed to be honest . 
  i dont have a clue . 
  kolokithokeftedes and fried mussel is just pure summer, 
  great idea , ruin the only industry still going strong . 
  i cant wait for all the `` pay denbts '' . 
  thats a port . 
  what a disgusting thread , i never expected this from austrian posters . 
  yeah with 5k a day coming in the winter and 10 k in the summer . 
  we are trying not to become a huge refugee camp you know . 
  also today refugees climbed the fences and started walking to the border , what are we going to do , shoot them ? 
  concerning australia , its a whole different situation , in greece we neither have the infastructure to house 500.000 refugees nor we can do whatever we want because of the outcry from the people . 
  there are already protests here . 
  how ? 
  you 're just ignorant man , get a hold of yourself and stop posting . 
  to be honest finding them is pretty easy its not like the passages are miles and miles long . 
  the problem is you cant make them turn backbecause they are either in turkish waters and you cant interfere , or sinking in greek waters and you are obliged to rescue them . 
  we have a word here for this . 
  filotimo . 
  she was 14 give her a break . 
  what surprises me is her parents . 
  they contacted swedish authorities after she had arrived in mosul . 
  if my little sister went missing for more than 12 hours my mom would have interpol looking for her , and ronaldo asking people on tv to contact the police if they have seen her, 
  you are ignorant on the matter and i dont have the time to educate you . 
  is there a competition for `` the most retarded comment in a subreddit '' i 'm not aware of ? 
  did the greek prime minister welcome all refugees ? 
  did greek weapon manufacturers sell weapons and armament to goverments that are now in conflict in the middle east ? 
  greece did nothing to cause this crisis unlike other european nations , and yet bears the full force . 
  explain . 
  and greece will throw a couple million undocumented refugees to a badly secured land border . 
  dont take our kindness for granted .
