  this was the first time i was in the comment section and was shocked in reddit europe , i expected islamophobia and fear mongering , maybe some british bashing over brexit . 
  but i never thought i would see downvotes against self determination and the right to not be in a government that you dont see as your own . 
  i thought europe was about freedom , guess i was wrong, 
  strange that there are so many down votes against our comments yet no counters, 
  ireland for the longest time was annexed by a neighbouring superpower that even after irish independance had plans to invade . 
  not exacley a secure position . 
  also i think your opinion would be different if you were in a different cultural group then the rest of your country , like catalonia in spain, 
  i admit its quite the escelation but i think its still a good analogy, 
  while that is true , and gives the law legitimacy i still think that a country should be willing to give automony to its territorys, 
  your reasoning is that a retarded law said it was bad . 
  in germany it was fine to treat jews like inhuman monsters and there was a law for it , dose that make it right ? 
  sean and john would not have existed if you had not been there , british replaced our awesome brehon law with shit common law , and also added fuedalisim . 
  you needed to take our food ? 
  im not sure if your trolling right now but people were literally bones being forced to work 12 hours a day or more on famine roads which lead to literally nowhere , only built so the british felt like we earned the food that we could not even eat maize, 
  you have no idea what actually happened during the famine . 
  first off england destroyed our forests and made us workers on our land . 
  but thats not the worst of it , there was plenty of food . 
  infact ireland was exporting a huge ammount of food . 
  but the potato was a cash crop , so when it failed they could not buy food and were not able to pay there british landlords who took there land . 
  then you show up and say that half the population of ireland gone is good , which was an event we still have not recovered from . 
  no sorry ireland never gave up its independence in relation to borders . 
  and if the eu tries to force this i dont know if ireland can remain apart of it . 
  but it wont come to that , germany keeps this no special deal policy because its failing on every level and is weak . 
  i think that just like apple and ireland not giving a fuck about the eu , the same will happen with ireland not giving a fuck about eu borders, 
  not sure about your first point . 
  they considered themselves british as far as i remember . 
  and they were booed by everyone after the fighting until the executions . 
  not sure about your second point according to the irish history book they did but it could be biased and/or wrong . 
  and for your third point . 
  alright but that was a guess on my part, 
  yeah :d, 
  just because a system works out they way dose not make it right . 
  if you ask me scotland and northern ireland should try to be independent . 
  even so northern ireland is different than any of the other examples you mentioned , because they have a dead with ireland that prevented bloodshed and also had very clear border laws that must be respected . 
  also all northern irish citizens are automatically irish citizens and therefore are in the eus free movement zone, 
  i want an united ireland but it wont work out because ireland cant support it and because roughly 50 % want to stay, 
  i agree with both your points but i would like to point out the fact that in 1916 no one wanted an independent ireland , even in ireland they just wanted home rule like the northern ireland today . 
  the only people who wanted a free ireland was a extremist group that believed in blood sacrifice , as in they wanted to die to become martyrs . 
  after the british executed the 30 or so leaders there was massive uproar and a desire to become free and sinn fein won by i think 90 % by saying they would make ireland free . 
  so because the uk fucked up people who did not vote vote for it have to have mass killings in there countries . 
  also northern ireland voted against it so that makes even less sense . 
  if you think ireland will accept this you are wrong we would sooner leave the eu then let a border go up between northern ireland and the republic.and just so you know ireland is not the uks pawn and we also will not be bullied by germany trying to look strong cuz they want to feel better . 
  okay boys , your right . 
  lets scrap the good friday agreement for the eu and start the killings all over again . 
  ireland is a special case and needs to have the agreement intact or there might be an new conflict . 
  okay so the people who lost there lifes ment less ? 
  thats a preety horrible thing to say . 
  it had a huge inpact on ireland and thats where i am so mayby im biased but i wouldent go to a victims family from the balkand war and say . 
  it was not even close to this other war in terms of damage or casualties . 
  also why did you even bring up the balkand war ? 
  your making a lot of assumptions about him when he very well could have been in that situation . 
  although i can understand if you are not familiar with irish history https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles . 
  but at the same time i believe that wars are pointless and that you should only fight when you are attacked or when your allies are . 
  also i have never been in a war zone , the most i have been to that is when i was beside a pipe bomb that was defused before it exploded . 
  if your talking about the troubles , both sides admit that they messed up https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_ ( 1972 ) and look we have another one too !, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_sunday_ ( 1920 ) none of it was justified and both sides were at fault for failing to get ireland free with diplomacy . 
  but it would be ignorant to say that `` did britain kill your intelligence also ? 
  '' . all in all username checks out, 
  never actually seen that one . 
  the collection of ridiculous irish safety ads is almost complete https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-fc40_wwsa the 80s and this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jatmf3b9xvg, 
  welcome to irish saftey ads https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguk1bqpani https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmg-en1iiby https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtjqw--dgl8, 
  i do try to spell stuff correctly i check with google a lot , but im really bat at spelling . 
  im good at reading and speaking though, 
  ireland is against what israil has done to palastine . 
  you could make the arguement that it was a defensive war ( which it was ) but taking territory was not on . 
  the un told israil it was an unlawful annexation but they did it anyways , and continued to annex more territory when they were attacked . 
  if israil would to back to the defined borders of the treaty ireland would again support israil . 
  on a final note i have heard some claims that ireland is against israil because of israils religion , this is not true and i think it is an attempt to make ireland look like an aggressor in politics, 
  the majority of people in ireland are not very religious . 
  they have a belief in god but do n't go to church and are usually very liberal ... 
  i think your mostly right . 
  media is always trying to be edgy like when they called adolf hitler a drug addict or when they go like `` this terrorist had an iq of 75 '' . 
  its stupid click bait , however i do n't think its an agenda by the media . 
  it 's just something they do, 
  discover check . 
  and incidentally , mate . 
  thanks for the regular edits , you will be remebered in reddit history as the man with over 40 edits, 
  i assume he is secretly a world conquering genius edit im changing his stats i meant the government as a whole before , this is cameron 4 3 3, 
  there ruler is a 2 0 5 and they have no diplo advisors . 
  they do n't have the birds to culture convert, 
  go back to the tau , heritic, 
  i didnt stop immediately after he used it , that was just for emphasis . 
  my problem is that after making such a broad statement he didnt back it up with any examples of why he thought that . 
  however i did stop after a minute when he did not give an explanation . 
  i stopped watching after he said he was like an evolutionary biologist and the leave were creationist . 
  im a aethist that believes in natural selection and im pro eu but i think its stupid to make such a shit analogy with no evidence or reasoning behind it, 
  as an irish person , i need to say i do n't hate england nearly as much as everyone in this sub suddenly does . 
  and that 's shocking . 
  well written comment , straight to the bit that matters . 
  im not sure either, 
  but didnt america invade iceland during ww2 seems kinda funny how they let it slide, 
  what i do is put a drop of fairy on a dish then wash it or scrub it if its very dirty then leave it on the counter . 
  then i put them all in the dishwasher and put it on a hot cycle . 
  how is it disgusting , this makes no sense to me . 
  but i am irish . 
  i wo n't be offended you can tell me some horrible truth i never knew about, 
  truth is im not cynical at all i just try to be , like i can say to myself its not real but i will still believe everyone is telling the truth xd, 
  it could be any of things we mentioned , at the day of day we wo n't know . 
  i still think that its better safe than sorry when it comes to controversial subjects . 
  but i could easily see you being right , in fact i hope your right .
