true unlike the irish who had a clear enemy and a clear group to support there isint really anything like that in syria im not familare enough with the political situation in syria to see a right group for there country, 
  did you just call us southern ireland ? 
  are you trying to start a flame war . 
  also in the future refer to us as ireland or the republic of ireland but not south ireland, 
  irish is the most useful language . 
  its almost dead and only spoken on half of a small island but its nice if i was good at any language i would learn it . 
  i cant even write in my native language english, 
  my ancestors survived 800 years of british rule and we earned everything we got our freedom our money our ideals we made this our home we lost stuff along the way our religion our language but were still trying to get what we lost . 
  my family were all country side connacht and munster farmers that had to survive a famine . 
  the migrants should fight to get what they want go back to there country and earn there home, 
  i unlike everyone else here agree with you somewhat the situation as you said is different from canada and europe we have economic migrants you have war torn migrants but you cant really compare them, 
  i agree the best system is the one the irish goverment uses socialist ideas with capitalist economics, 
  your right but you missed something . 
  the fact is that capitalism is a bad system and so is communism know one has yet to invent a good system that makes sense or works for the whole world, 
  it wont, 
  well the vatican is a separate state but they would like you said have strong influence, 
  for the romans gay sex wasent even controversial they didnt even debate it it was just done until christanity came along also if you look at nature gay sex is done in over 8000 separate species https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexuality_in_ancient_rome, 
  as usual everyone is protesting water charges and a lamb was mentally scarred on the late late show ( including the audience ), 
  i believe that the next move poland should make is `` the surf belongs on the turf '' policy hopefully poland continues to make needed reforms i also know your jokeing, 
  naive = ( of a person or action ) showing a lack of experience , wisdom , or judgement i think its interesting that reddit was banned by russia , does reddit have porn or racial extrimism ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/comments/3grpdf/ twitter was then blocked twice by russia both in 2014 you dont see ireland censoring people all the time, 
  so naive, 
  let me guess your from cork and think its the `` cultural captial of ireland '' xd but in reality anything is better then dublin, 
  all of america is actually the same size of europe its just that maps make it look bigger also thats only when we include the mediterranean sea, 
  in ireland everyone crosses the streets in town on a red light and we walk through traffic i only learned recentley that this is very bad in america xd, 
  i never thought of that but its very true our culture is very contagious, 
  okay i admit proabley none i would have to start my own organisation because none are good, 
  fight for whatever side held my values and that of the irish ireland has seen its share of civil war its called northren ireland, 
  thank you for telling me this i never did like the media now its confirmed also ur story is humanising the crisis for me and i forgot how bad culture shock can get they went from desert to snow, 
  i would join the new ira if ireland was attacked we have been doing it for 800 years my ancestors fought for ireland i shall never leave or abandon my people no matter what happens well the ira has only existed in 1920-22 roughley at least the cool ira, 
  i used to think i was a slight liberal but this is just bullshit the irish fought for our independance for 800 years and then fought a devastating civil war that was literally 50/50 treaty non treaty and now i have to give it all up to people who dont want to fight to protect there country how about i say hell no and fix ur own problem and dont just put them on us and start crying that europe is to cold or that its so bad being u, 
  the swiss had enough power for the nazis to not invade them thats saying something also ireland is very strong we build ur country and basically infused u with our culture now thats power !, 
  in my opinion the eu wasent ready and cant really ever be ready the thing that makes the eu so strong is differences but it is also our greatest weakness we have so many different thoughts that we shatter when pushed, 
  i have a question i read something about migrants hating finland is this true or is it the media trying to be pircks, 
  your a figment of europes imagination nothing more, 
  why dosent northren ireland play hide and seek ? 
  because nobody wants to find it, 
  i care about portugal you guys have interesting politics happening, 
  but what if they think that no one in there right mind would go to ireland so they all come here : 0, 
  interesting i never looked at it like that . 
  ireland has roughly the same problem we only have two cultures irish and english . 
  however in recent years ireland has taken on lots of new cultures and im pleased to see how accepting and diverse ireland has become . 
  and ireland as a whole has become more because of it . 
  unlike the uk we integrated immigrants causing our culture to become stronger, 
  well im no expert on polish politics by any stretch of the imagination but isint refusing refugees harsh and anti eu and shangen-area ( also i know its off topic but i havent heard anyone from polands opinion on this subject ), 
  isint your government destroying your constitution currently ; ), 
  you could say that about anything also the eg im giving isint actually related to the crisis and isint a metaphor eg ( why wont you eat dog food ? 
  because its dog food !, 
  but its better than dog food and cat food isint it ? 
  true but just because its better than something dosent change the fact that its still dog food ) the end and its not a metaphor for the crisis just in case ppl think im a racist, 
  true even though english is my native language ive never been good at writing, 
  the fetus will become a human and you cant kill someone because they are stupid or because they havent matured yet, 
  wow i agree with allmost everything you 've said im an aethist and i think abortion should only be performed if the mother and father agree and if the mothers in medical danger also i would have also said keep the no posters up just because its not your opinion dosent mean you can destroy there posters i would have voted yes if i was old enough, 
  well i think abortion should only be preformed when the mother is at risk with consent from the father and mother . 
  why the father ? 
  its just as much the fathers child as the mothers child they share 50 % of the genetic code . 
  also a mother cant just say i dont want a child there fore i can kill it because i own it and i can kill a sentient being . 
  how dose she own it its not a part of her body its only living inside her body and i shall be down voted because i believe its unfair to kill a sentient being and because i think dad is as important as mom also sorry for rant, 
  will relevant ireland send our amazing army in ? 
  i dont think so but we will proabley support france up to a certain point that being invasion, 
  yea i was considering wolfe tone tone as hes the father of irish nationilisim and he spent a lot of time talking to the french but i settled for michale mainly because hes more recent and i find his death sad and ironic `` an anti treaty irish guy killed him in his own county cork '' but an arguement could be made for ether one : ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_collins_ ( irish_leader ) michael collins is basically every irish nationilists hero . 
  he was involved in 1916 rising and was a leader in 1921 war of independance he was the minister of finance in name however that was just a cover he actually was the military leader and had a `` squad '' a group of assasins who killed british agents . 
  he was unfortunatley killed in the irish civil war in cork where he was born, 
  cant believe ireland is 5 im so proud we may have terrible leaders but we have common sense : ), 
  were pro european but giving up independance is something i feel ireland would never do, 
  i have to agree with you on that one . 
  russia has also invited the eu to brics i think russia ment it as a joke but it is a option for us . 
  if somehow we didnt like the usa anymore very unlikley but could happen, 
  i think he means is that in europe we have defined ourselfes not by what we look like but where we come from . 
  just because i look english dosent mean i would ever identify as one . 
  also as he stated religion playes a part in this as it did in irish national idenity, 
  i agree i think that both britain and ireland would never join a eu state . 
  ireland and britian are both fiercely independant, 
  so what you just said is that you cant make a counter-argument so your going to tell him to leave you alone but in a very annoying way . 
  regardless of the argument ( which im neutral on ) you cant go around slagging and berating people just because you disagree with them . 
  at the start you insulted him by saying `` let me guess you come from / r/the _ donald '' then you said '' im sorry man if your speaking the truth '' . 
  what dose that even mean ? 
  you come off as a bigot . 
  maybe you should treat others with a shred of respect and maybe just maybe not go around demeaning people . 
  thats my point . 
  it is not right for either russia or ukraine to not give those areas autonomy or an new government all togther . 
  but the point still stands that like it or not there are people there with a different culture . 
  so you can do what russia did and deny others freedom , or you can give them representation . 
  its like northern ireland . 
  the north was once where all the strongest irish clans were located , however the english won the war and they left for france and did not return . 
  so there are now english and irish people in the north and they have to get along . 
  and the english used gerrymandering to keep power , which was wrong on so many levels . 
  so the irish started a terror campaign that was just as bad , if not worse . 
  and everyone killed each other untill the good friday agreement which basically gave everyone there rights , both irish and english . 
  yes it was irish land that was taken by imperialism , but that 's the past and eventually you have to look past it . 
  no , the people in charge are the government . 
  in an ideal world you would be correct . 
  governments attack and take over other governments . 
  and the people who were in the latter are now in someone elses government , a government which may treat them well or like dirt , either way they dont decide, 
  found the traitor, 
  true , but it was not easy getting there . 
  how can you defend a government forced on people that dont feel apart of it . 
  its against everything europe america and the un believe in . 
  its apart of the un charter .
