  its a nice thought to think the media are not complete liars . 
  a rule of thumb is to say `` the media always lie '' . 
  this was very helpful to me when the media said muslims raped 40 women in germany or something like that , and i said that it was made up to myself turns out it was made up . 
  shock, 
  they can only veto so many times , right guys . 
  right ? 
  i got one yesterday , any idea why its so hot in ireland all of a sudden , in comparison to previous summers, 
  have you noticed how hot it is resently in ireland , i hade to buy a fan . 
  i miss freezing temperatures . 
  also i feel like i have no say in european law , they passed multiple controversial laws that i was not able to vote on, 
  your both wrong , europe dosent have a moral obligation . 
  but that does n't mean you dont help people in need . 
  you do n't have to owe someone a debt to be willing to help them . 
  i just wish europe was more stable so it could help , rather than fall apart over one issue . 
  well this is shit . 
  all we wanted to do was be competitive but were not influential enough to bribe europe unlike the uk . 
  but there is room . 
  all they want is a mutually acceptable trade deal . 
  which is why i said it might be completly wrong . 
  out of the eu dose not mean out of europe . 
  and im preety sure a trade deal and sharing of scientific missions cant hurt ? 
  wtf !? ... 
  as long as nato exists and also nukes we dont need to worry about invasions . 
  now rebels not at all being backed by russia might be a problem, 
  i hope so . 
  but from what i 've see brussles seems to hate change , in any form . 
  also the eu border police needs an immediate fix or brexit will be the least of our concerns . 
  countrys like greece have been stuck with huge numbers of refugees and that needs to be resolved, 
  true but at least i have a good grasp on what the irish government is doin and i can vote for whoever i feel like on election day . 
  but when it comes to the eu its all mysterious . 
  mayby thats just me tho, 
  i agree that the eu wont reform which is why i think we need to leave . 
  why do you want germany and france telling you what to do ? 
  because if were honest the eu is setup so the highest population gets to call the shots, 
  before i say anythin be aware this might be complete horse shit but ... i though there was another eu councle type thing that you need to be elected on by a member of another commitie that elects itself . 
  as i said may be nonsense . 
  also the eu is so stupidly complex on purpose i think , its designed to make people ignorent . 
  but i will say this the eu has become something thats unrecogniseable from what it meant to be . 
  im still in favour of a trade league with europe and a shared currency , but the eu army and the attempts to intergrate europe is like giving up democracy . 
  im no expert but i cant vote for anyone in brussels as far as im aware so i feel powerless to do anything . 
  so im hopeing ireland leaves even though our econemy will tank . 
  either we should leave or the eu reforms back to the way it was, 
  the re part was a joke . 
  but the rest was true also you got ta admit this subreddit was out for blood , as evidenced by you calling me a `` mental midget '', 
  hes not wrong about the stability part and the eu part . 
  besides that though he thinks too highly of britians influence on the world, 
  yeah britians alone ... i think your actually triggering me . 
  for one brixit means out of the eu not out of europe that was a key point in theresa mays speech , also britian has ireland and the usa as allies . 
  not to mention something called the commonwealth . 
  which coveres half the world roughly . 
  hope you guys realise its the eu trying to stall here . 
  they refuse to let britian have a fair deal , its very petty . 
  this was this sub before brexit `` let them vote we will respect there decision '' and heres after `` reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee btfo your nation will be destroyed '', 
  irish people arent exactly sentimental about british occupation . 
  but i get what ur saying . 
  i dont get why spain wont hold a referendum the issue tho . 
  true its a bit shallow . 
  but thats the believe of the irish people right or wrong . 
  and i support any independence movement because i believe a government is by the people not people for a government . 
  if someone wants independence they should have it regardless of why who or where . 
  yeah . 
  its in some ways shallow , but thats the believe of the irish people right or wrong, 
  im preety sure the majority of ireland supports catalonian independance simply because of our past history with britian, 
  so from what i can gather and bear in mind im good at computers but i have no knowledge of hacking . 
  also see what i did there ? 
  bear in mind !, 
  anyways , it seems that russia is spying on america , no shock there , however there is ofc a possibility that russia changed the election results . 
  but i still dont see evidence of that . 
  now dont get me wrong , they have a motive and a means . 
  but we cant be sure until we have conclusive evidence . 
  okay , please show me the proof that is so obvious . 
  srsly i have never seen any evidence of russian involvement . 
  instead of name calling why dont you actually make a counter argument with citations . 
  so far i have literally seen only claims and statements that the fbi and cia have proof but just wont show it . 
  i may be misinformed but i have not seen anything that proves russian involvement . 
  the only `` proof '' i have seen is `` its good for russia tho '' . 
  i guess i simply dont want any more borders in ireland . 
  it feels wrong . 
  im fine with the north being in the uk but i dont want there to be a physical border there . 
  its true that ireland currently relies heavily on the eu . 
  but i think thats a bad thing . 
  ireland should try to be more self sufficient, 
  i didnt say ireland would , just that it should . 
  if you want to see more comics of this type check out / r/polandball, 
  yep . 
  even though ireland dosent want it it will be forced on us . 
  i think its bull, 
  unfortunately ireland wont be able to live with brexit . 
  the ni border is going to be a huge point of contention for ireland and britian . 
  if they put up a border i think ireland should leave the eu . 
  but not shielded from comments about its shield . 
  no thanks , although i may take you up on that offer eventually . 
  my interests change from time to time so i may want to know more about ottoman history in the future . 
  and as for your first point . 
  you may very well be right as i have not read the opinions of medieval europe on byzantium . 
  you could be wrong , but because you seem to have done your homework so im more inclined to believe you , untill i do my own research that is . 
  true but it was the symbolic center ( or at least they said that after it feel to the ottomans ) of europe . 
  i also agree with you about not knowing enough about ottoman history , but i think i know a bit , or i would like to think i do, 
  while i agree greece was the capital of culture in the world its glory days are long gone , its now just a third rate country in the fringe of europe . 
  the moment constantinople was lost to the ottomans was the day the balkans were no longer the center of europe and that was in 1453 . this guy is clearly a greek who is trying to feel good about his countries sorry state by living in the past , at the same time ottomans never really did anything of worth .
