  focus on the real problem here , women oppression being allowed and with it the real problem of integration , radical islam . 
   the single biggest contributory factors to radical jihadism are western attacks on vulnerable muslim civilian populations , and backlash against muslim populations within the west . 
  oh it 's the west fault now ? 
  lol who builds the islamic schools and radical mosques all around the world with oil money ? 
  who takes those kids out of school in those countries and only teach them the coran ? 
  was saudi arabia attacked by the west ? 
  are there other religious followers blowing themselves ? 
  or only the islamic radicals ? 
   with your nazi comparisons and your `` protecting brown women against brown men '' you are promoting both anti-muslim bigotry and jihadist backlash . 
  i 'm promoting a more equal society , not a society where women are covered up . 
  if i need to be afraid of jihadist backlash then i 'm doing the right thing . 
  ah ok , it 's just `` a few hundred women '' being oppressed and brainwash there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  i have no problem with any religion , i think they are all stupid but if anyone wants to believe in them fine by me , but this is not religion , this is something that affects the core of a persons rights , in this case women , and simply ca n't be accepted . 
   this is not a threat to western civilization . 
  yeah , nazism was n't a threat either , it was just some funny guys with crazy ideas in 1920 , 20 years later you know what happened . 
   but it is n't `` a threat to muslim women and our values '' . 
  how it is not a threat to them and our values if this is a growing problem , where were this in western countries 30 years ago ? 
  first it 's one friend , then another , when all their friends cover themselves these girls will almost fill obliged to do the same and they will start defending it as it was the best thing in the world . 
  it 's call religious brainwash . 
   wahabism is not synonymous with radical islam it is , radical islam is a direct cause of wahhabism schools built all around the world with the consequences we are now seeing . 
  and you are defending it , when some women in those countries are fighting it and dying because of it . 
  those ideas are not acceptable and have no place in our society . 
   burka and niqabs have nothing to do with actual jihadist violence in the west they are born from the same source : radical islam . 
  and we are embracing it when we should say `` no , it is n't right '' . 
   if you want muslim integration , which is largely achieved in places like canada , you do n't achieve it with the rhetoric of a hidden but growing menace . 
  that rhetoric only breeds violence and radicalizarion on `` both sides '' . 
  this is a growing menace to muslim women and our values of gender equality . 
  this was n't even a question years ago , but it 's growing now . 
  where will we be in 30 years from now ? 
  will we reach a point where all muslim women feel that it 's their duty to cover themselves ? 
  where muslim men think it 's acceptable to order their women to cover their face ? 
  what kind of society will that be ? 
   the clash of civilizations narrative is the problem , and everything that contributes to it from `` either side '' is just not ok so there is a clash of civilizations in western countries ? 
  how is that even acceptable ? 
  30 years ago this was n't a problem , there would be emigration from these countries but people would integrate , you would n't see burqas and niqabs in europe . 
  but now radical islam is growing , europe has been closing their eyes and saying everything is acceptable under the mask of religion . 
  now you have women in western countries covering themselves up from head to toe . 
  how are they suppose to integrate better now ? 
  this is the opposite of integration , it 's segregation . 
   by promoting restrictions , all you are doing is driving wahabi families either into sequestration or out of the west . 
  should we allow all other things like fmg ? 
  are n't we driving these women away because we do n't support their traditions ? 
  should we allow women to be sell to marriage ? 
  i 'm sure a lot think it 's totally fine . 
  this matters are very important and every western country should send a strong message . 
  like with racial segregation a few decades ago this must be fought , without fear . 
  you are not accepting them you are accepting her oppression . 
  in those countries there are women who fight this shit and get killed , but in the western civilization there are people who think this is totally fine . 
  unbelievable . 
   the question here so whether -- to the point of undue hardship -- women should be allowed to wear traditional religious headgear in public . 
  yeah , continue to enforce the oppression of women and the role some crazy retarded guys want them to have . 
  that 's the right thing to do . 
   gender-segregated washrooms , change rooms these are use in moments of privacy when in public and each gender have one , it has nothing to do with the roles in society of men and women . 
  if one had to pee in the street and other in a bathroom that would be more similar situation to this . 
   educational institutions who said that should be allowed too ? 
   also note that in north america , women after puberty are expected to wear a second piece of swimwear not required iof men . 
  women have boobs , maybe ... 
  but everyone has a face . 
  you still did n't answer , if this was a racial separation should it be accepted ? 
  this is a sexual segregation , it 's also wrong and should be fought . 
  you ca n't allow everything just because someone says it 's religion . 
  in some countries where women wear burqas women should stay home and ca n't go to school , should we tolerate that too ? 
  i bet that there are a lot of women that are taught that way and think it 's right and makes them happy . 
  this is a men vs women separation , if it were a race separation , like white men do n't need to cover but black men have to , would it be any different ? 
  would you accept it ? 
  the principles behind it are against western civilization , period . 
  this should n't be even view as a religious thing but a extremist retarded tradition . 
  even worse . 
   they are a way of extending gender-segregated private spaces into public . 
  and that 's good ? 
  that 's what society should protect ? 
  lol, 
  some girls get their period at the age of 12 . 
  that 's a young girl . 
  once they reach puberty they should wear , are you aware of that ? 
   why do male sikhs wear turban but not female ? 
  good question . 
  why ? 
  i 'm sure there was some black people who thought that the law that separated them from white people were right , but that does n't make it right . 
  they willingly can be sex slaves or mutilate themselves , it does n't make it right . 
  accepting this is accepting a society where it 's ok women to feel that they are not equal to men . 
  everything done to fight this is good . 
   walking around naked is not at all equivalent to wearing a burqa/niqab both in symbolism and in the degree to which it is a social taboo . 
  not until some religion says otherwise ... then you just have to respect that ... lol, 
  why do they feel the need to wear burqas and niqabs ? 
  answer this . 
  is that the society you want ? 
  where women feel like they are n't the same as men ? 
  that they are just property of a men or waiting to be ? 
  where they are just a blanket and ca n't even speak with men ? 
  what have skirts got to do with that ? 
  so it 's ok to have a religion/culture that forces you to wear something because you as a woman are viewed as property , but a law that tries to build a more equal society is bad ... 
  if some religion stated that a girl should be naked all the time should they be allowed to walk naked ? 
  what self-determination has a young girl when her family imposes that she covers herself up ? 
  catholic men do n't expect or force catholic women to wear habits . 
  a nun can take her habit and nobody is going to judge or try to hurt her . 
  muslim women are forced to cover . 
  that 's the difference . 
  it is when it collides with fundamental principles of western civilization . 
  religion is n't and ca n't be a free pass for everything .
