if it were not for jihadism , nobody would be discussing banning the burka in europe in 2015 . 
  wrong . 
  this has been a long discussion in england , france , belgium , etc. 
  have you read the title of the thread you 're in ? 
  have you read any of what i 've said ? 
  is jihadism the subject here ? 
  or radical islam oppressing women and a european country were women civil rights are respected banning those instruments of oppression ? 
  lol, 
  wahhabism is one of the most orthodox and radical views of islam . 
  it was born in saudi arabia and it 's now spread across the world . 
  their views are not compatible with the model of western societies . 
  and not just about covering women . 
  lololol what does that even have to do with civil rights of women like we were talking now ? 
  i think you 're a little bit confused ... 
  and you are talking about jihadism because ... ? 
  26 november 2015 , you realize that united states are allies with countries with radical islam . 
  good job . 
  ah , they did n't tell you ? 
  that 's radical islam , the same ideology that says women should cover themselves . 
  what ? 
  why would you want to do that ? 
  it 's their faith . 
  that moment where saudi arabia is your role model on women civil rights . 
  sweet . 
   and there is n't , as i have set out at great length . 
  lol thankfully people are starting to see there is and laws are changing . 
   the wahabis who wear niqab or burka in the west are simply not terrorists , and no amount of your pointing out their common roots will make it so we agree . 
  not terrorists , just women brainwashed . 
   contrary to what you have suggested , there is no strongly held social norm against face covering any more than there is a fundamental freedom to wear what you want . 
   your argument appears to be that it causes undue hardship to the women themselves , which only makes sense on the assumption that they are somehow forced to do so rather than hat burka or niqab represent their sincerely held beliefs . 
   in this matter we seem to be at a standstill . 
  exactly . 
   i have also pointed out that the consequence of burka bans appears to be further marginalization and stigmatization , to which your response appears to be that this does n't matter if the ban is justified . 
  i am arguing that it is not justified , and that in addition it has these destructive consequences both for the women directly concerned and for all muslim women in the west . 
  actually what i said is that instead of that idea that they will be marginalize they will be more integrated . 
  and in 20 years time this would be a non topic , with women grateful that someone fought for their civil rights against a retarded tradition . 
  swiss in on the right way and i hope every european country does the same . 
  who you are may affect how far will your opinion go , since some people have access to media and stuff but it 's the reason behind your arguments that make the case in any discussion . 
  if some people only give credit to those of the same race , religion , gender , etc , they simply do n't want to discuss things . 
   and you do n't see that `` radical muslims are feared ... burkas and niqabs are the result of radical islam '' is an indirect way of equating burkas and niqabs with the feared other ? 
  you ca n't change the facts just so people wo n't be racist . 
  niqabs and burqas are a result of radical islam . 
  now we can talk about it our just put our heads in the sand . 
   but on the whole it is not muslim women but those who are bigoted against muslims who call for such bans here who cares if it 's a or b ? 
  the only thing that matters is if there is reason and a rational argument behind the ban , not who asks for it . 
  first of all , if two fundamental rights collide there is always one more important that wins . 
  this happens is various situations . 
  here we have the right to wear a piece of clothing against gender equality , it could be racial equality but it 's gender , it 's of the same importance . 
  second , it 's not merely a piece of clothing like nuns or orthodox jews , it 's something that covers a persons face . 
  i 've stated before the reasons why this is bad , i do n't need to repeat . 
  citizens are citizens , we are all equal , and if you see a difference the prejudice is in your head . 
   if they truly believe the wahabi interpretation of islam , they would refuse to enter mix-gendered spaces themselves . 
  why do you refuse to believe that this would be their sincere belief ? 
  i would n't doubt that there are many women that think that it 's the right thing but that does n't make it acceptable in our civilization , like many other things that they could argue based on faith . 
  here man are all equal and women are equal to men , and that is something that no religion can change . 
   without benefiting them in any way yeah , i think that 's the point right here . 
  you think that a ban would marginalize muslim women when they would be like any other women in western countries . 
  or would the husbands stop them from leaving the house ? 
  so why ca n't i have my opinion , like many muslim women have , that the burqa and niqab should be banned ? 
  should i be quiet and keep it to myself out of fear people would get racist ? 
  like i said that 's not the discussion here but you keep bringing it back instead of the real problem that is being discussed in this thread . 
   tl ; dr it does ( and there is n't ) . 
  so we ca n't discuss anything related to islam because it will lead to racism and xenophobia ? 
  lol is this still a democratic civilization or we ca n't discuss anything out of fear ? 
  jesus ... and there is ... 
   what exactly is the `` problem '' solved by a burka or niqab ban ? 
  muslim women do n't be force to wear a blanket , to be able to express themselves , to smile to other people . 
  i do n't even know if there is any psychologic study about this , but surely women that live their lives like that will start to develop some sort of fear from people . 
  even in terms of health , i can argue that everyone needs sunlight . 
  to be equal to muslim mens . 
  accepting the burka and the niqab is a oppression that some radical cult enforces on the women that make part of it . 
  and like many other religious cults they are brainwash . 
  like in the fgm , there are a lot of muslim women from african countries that defend this shit , until you ban the practice people do n't understand that it 's a bad thing . 
   not measures reinforcing the ridiculous idea that covered women = danger . 
  since my first comment was i talking about danger or the oppression of muslim women ? 
  once again , you are changing the subject , instead of discussing the burqa and the niqab you are discussing if that discussion can lead to racism and xenophobia . 
  lol, 
   and i trust you know that it is non-muslim men who have been empowered to attack hijab-wearing women on the street , especially since the paris attacks . 
  yes ? 
  that is totally irrelevant in this question , that 's another problem , this one was a problem long before paris attacks . 
  stop mixing things . 
  muslim women are n't the enemy here , they are the victims . 
   an eight year old girl who puts on a headscarf so not to look western is no threat to anybody the issue is not the headscarf , it 's covering the face . 
   if we in the west stop attacking those people , and stop bombing those muslim populations , then real integration can happen . 
  what integration did the 9/11 suiciders need more ? 
  they were engineers and students in the usa . 
  stop blaming others for the actions of psychopaths . 
   banning burka and niqab does nothing to benefit hanbali and wahabi muslim women , while sending a message to all muslims that they are feared and unwanted in the west , a message da'esh can use all to effectively in pursuit of its own goals . 
  muslims are not unwanted or feared , radical muslims are . 
  burkas and niqabs are the result of radical islam , there is n't even any reference in the coran that women should cover themselves . 
  it 's merely a retarded tradition that as no place in the western civilization and it should be banned . 
  wow , i 'm defending attacking muslims and bombing populations ? 
  you are really going around in your head and turning the conversation . 
  and that speech of it 's the west fault is so ridiculous and dangerous , it 's like saying women get rape because the way they dress . 
  unbelievable . 
  the fault of people getting kill it 's on the psychopaths that do it , noone else !, 
  you should be more worried about the brainwash muslim women are suffering !, 
  watch this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwrgkdzginy look at the girl on the 4:30 mark . 
  she wears a scarf because she was taught that since young age , to not look so westernize !, 
  and it 's just a scarf , can you imagine what the girls who wear burqas and niqabs are told ?
