  no thanks, 
  you have many coulds in there but you forget practically, 
  who the fuck are they supported to join though . 
  the fsa is a joke and the west is not supporting it . 
  they do n't have an option to fight that is not practically throwing you life away , even if they did want to fight, 
  if the eu does not want to take the burden turkey will send them on boats . 
  yall are fucking yourselves here and it 's going to happen either way, 
  however my city is like 5 % refugee . 
  we have one of the strongest economies in the states, 
  ok . now how about the non jihadis who might be killed for not being extreme enough ? 
  it has a lot more to do with reunification laws though . 
  i 'm sure there will be a gender imbalance , but not a very big one, 
  i mean the fsa is a joke , and that is the only thing close to a decent option . 
  the rest are well , frankly giant fucking pricks, 
  except the area was long majority albanian . 
  that 's not the case here , and even so the sex imbalance , even assuming that most wo n't be reunited ( which they will ) is not going to be that much, 
  they do have wives and girlfriends . 
  they are just back in refugee camps in turkey . 
  except syria is not cohesive as a country . 
  fuck you expect the christians or alawites to fight for the a sunni controlled syria ? 
  yep , syria has no cohesion as a state . 
  even with rebel victory it 's entirely possible for a situation similar to libya, 
  no it 's because the usa financed the rebuilding . 
  plus they were cohesive states unlike syria . 
  it certainly helped and contributed that people stayed but it is only part of the story, 
  yall are going to need a shit ton of it though . 
  and even then accepting some of the refugees will still be cheaper . 
  human rights watch ok ? 
  yall should have seen this coming though . 
  i have written letters to my reps , and donated 800 usd . 
  i 'm a fucking college student , that 's two months income . 
  so do n't you dare accuse me of not being involved, 
  well the eu did not do shit about it forever and now they are complaining that they have to take the burden like they should have done to begin with ? 
  color be shocked and completely unsympathetic . 
  yall already missed the chance because the damage has been done . 
  yeah but child soldiers are not fucking ok , especially when they are gaining ground, 
  the usa is not a failure of integration though . 
  of course there are fuck ups but the somali community is doing rather well . 
  you just have to take the right approach, 
  they are being funded , but not well , they are giving a poultry sum and the locals have to take car of far more . 
  and either way , traitors or not , it 's really not that hard to understand their mentality . 
  it 's easy to say they are terrible from an armchair , but you fucking fight mate, 
  and often they are forced to ... for every woman and young child who volunteers another is pressed into service, 
  because who the fuck wants to go to war ? 
  the risk of dying is massive , especially without western arms , and then what happens to your family ? 
  so let them become a lost generation in refugee camps the eu is doing jack shit to help and that are bursting at the seams ? 
  because it 's likely not going to happen ? 
  the somali refugees are a well integrated community in my city in the usa, 
  plus bulgaria and greece have a long history of hating muslims . 
  one or the biggest post german ww2 ethnic cleansing campaigns took place in bulgaria in the 1990s towards their turkish muslim populations, 
  and at least they speak the same language and have experience dealing with refugees . 
  turkey fucking hates arabs , no matter how culturally compatible they may seem . 
  there is a reason the turkish phrase for it sounds like greek to me references arabic . 
  sure they are closer , but once you leave the home culture it 's like 80 steps to turkey , so what is an extra 10 steps when christian germany is able to provide them a future ? 
  so youre fine with being forced into a life of sex slavery quite possibly in a country that is bursting at the seams with an unfamiliar people to them ( arabs ) ? 
  its not black and white , and they cant survive in turkey without again taking on risks . 
  im not saying all flee to germany but if you are going to hold that opinion actually give aid to turkey . 
  secure does not mean stable though . 
  you might not want to be forced into a beggar gang in turkey because they cant handle any more refugees . 
  eh that makes sense because we have the second largest jewish population outside israel . 
  gypsies were hard to hide as well ... 
  while i think there is an importance to call citizens ottomans because it was multi ethnic and linguistic , calling it turkey in specific contexts is totally fine . 
  no more than it is russia 's fault . 
  it was unintentional causation, 
  2 battleships could not have decisively changed the tides of war ( ok 4 if you count it going over to the other side ) , refunding them would have been another option too , something that would have made sense imo , especially in comparison to having the ottomans join . 
  if the ottomans cant buy weaponry who cares if they have cash right ? 
  besides , even if war was inevitable it likely would have delayed it a few months at a minimum which would have been huge for the british as they probably could have gotten at least some supplies to russia . 
  of course its not hard to see how they thought it was a good decision but * they still fucked up * . 
  that is what it comes down to . 
  yes , and the two previous massacres were done by the sultanate forces one in a counter coup against the cup . 
  the cup attitude towards armenians , while not great by any means , really changed in comparison to the sultanate attitude , and they allowed for a great deal more of freedom of movement as well as slow liberalization . 
  had any one of the following four events not happened , the libyan war , the balkan wars , subsequent coup of the three pashas , and the seizure of the battle ships the three pashas could not have been able to do what they did , or remain internally divided , or change cup armenian policy , or seize power at all . 
  the kurdish bands were directed by the monarchist governments and the cup did present a real opportunity for change that was only `` corrupted '' after getting its ass kicked in a couple of wars . 
  the persecutions started before 1915 but the corruption of the cup is important to why the armenian genocide happened , and various policies did actually change towards armenians post revolution , and that could have continued if history had not happened how it did . 
  no guarantees obviously but it was looking up for armenians for a while edit : it should also be noted how dependent the ottomans were on armenian laborers . 
  ottoman policies were all about attempting to find a balance between using the minority and suppressing them . 
  thus the exceptional circumstances of the first world war allowed for the total attempted destruction of the community rather than just massacres of them, 
  actually they denied it was genocide until literally this year for political reasons ( reparations mainly ) much like why the turkish stance was created . 
  its just the turkish stance and culture has had time to solidify around denial why german did not . 
  except this is what you needed to get ottoman public support on the three pasha 's side . 
  they were not super popular and even then they were internally divided . 
  since this were literally paid for by the people ( rather than the government through taxes ) , it can be easily argued that this is what they needed to solidify their position and go to war . 
  without it , the war easily could have gone differently . 
  that was a result of the genocide that essentially could have easily not happened without the seizure of this ship . 
  im serious here , the 1913 cup coup leaders were not super widely supported and even then they were internally divided . 
  if things had gone down differently and these ships not been seized the three pashas would not have had the control necessary to start the war and then pull off the genocide . 
  because the alliance was not ratified by all three of the three pashas . 
  plus you needed public support for the war , something that did not exist until they seized the ships as they were paid for by the people , not the government . 
  not really . 
  there was still a lot of infighting within the ottoman government . 
  it easily could have gone towards neutrality or even a pro-entente slant with the right guarantees . 
  the legitimacy of the treaty was in question and also you still have to get the public behind you . 
  this caused the public to get behind the government . 
  at a minimum not seizing it would have delayed ottoman entrance into the war for a while . 
  what exactly are these reasons for resentment ? 
  no , but ethnically cleansing is definitely not ok , and guess what happened ? 
  and i will admit that i screwed up on the numbers , but it was by 600k . 
  i 'm using highest estimates for all of them . 
  800k for all of armenia and the nkr , if we are also to go by your 500k number for armenians which is also higher end . 
  i edited it to 500k though , just so you can not complain .
