   also , my world view ? 
  no one told me to think the way i do , hearing stories from friends and family that live in both israel and europe is enough for me . 
  my parents barely even talk about this shit . 
  i 'm also clearly speaking generally , not all muslims hate jews , but not all europeans hate jews either , but more than enough do to make it a problem for us today and in the past and the way things look , the future as well . 
  again , not speaking today ...  lastly , i hate to pull this card because i never do despite the fact that i 've had this discussion with non-jews before , but unless you 're a jew you can not tell me who was anti-semitic and who was n't or who was worse . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think i 'm more qualified in talking about who hates us . 
  more qualified than peer reviewed journals and papers written by academics ? 
   you 're the one that 's probably got his information from biased textbooks and media outlets and for you to act like i 'm the one reading too many jewish textbooks is bs and a cop-out of an argument . 
  right , because stuff written by jewish ( cohen , mark r ) or otherwise non muslim academics on the subject tend to just be self hating . 
   i 'd never tell a black person that i know who likes them and who does n't better than they do . 
  i never argued that . 
  but if they said that white people have always had the same understanding of race that they do now , i would call bullshit . 
   t i 'm a jew that knows many jews and has family from around the world . 
  it helps much more when you hear individual stories , not just from the present but also long in the past . 
  how about i have experienced many cases of offhanded anti-semitism from arabs and non-arabs and in most cases , it has nothing to do with israel and is actually more relatable to the `` old school '' anti-semitism . 
  most of these cases , people do n't think i 'm jewish so they dive right into it and expect me to `` concur '' . 
  it uses old school antisemetic language , that was in part imported but definitely is tied to the creation of israel . 
  you can hate mexicans for taking your job but still use the language of `` lazy wetbacks '' also , you can hear plenty of stories , but you really have to go and prove something against the academic consensus here . 
  im not saying anti semitism was created due to israel , but european antisemitism and its imagery was imported due to the creation of israel in large part . 
  when did jews revolt in medieval europe that caused the extra tax . 
  because you did not address my point . 
  despite lacking doctrine taxes were still imposed for no reason . 
  yes , during the colonization of israel the muslims cooperated with jews . 
  it was not the declaration of the state of israel that caused anti semitism . 
  it was also the colonization . 
  israel did not appear out of nowhere 3 . 
  tell aviv was never arab but it was founded on what they consider palestinian land . 
  also the hate against jews was exported to the migrants . 
  how the fuck do you explain the fact that jews were not touched during the armenian genocide if it was not a later importation ? 
  the jewish hate is mostly due to the creation of israel . 
  period . 
  also way to claim that palestinians had no identity before israel . 
  they had one , sure it did n't take on the same totally nationalist sentiment until later but it existed . 
  and again , you are attempting to use examples after the creation of israel to say muslims always hated jews . 
  that does not even make any sense . 
  i 'm not saying muslims are right to hate jews , but it is caused by fucking israel . 
  calling us ... ohh it all makes sense now . 
  you 're a jew . 
  mate i 'm fucking dating one , it 's not like i 'm an anti semite . 
  man , you need to stop reading jewish biased textbooks . 
  the vast majority of anti jewish sentiment was created due to israel . 
  period . 
  the vast majority of muslim jewish hate comes from the creation of israel . 
  israel is a state now , i 'm not trying to undermine legitimacy , but it is due to that . 
  i 'm not talking about settlement policy and all that other shit . 
  but with the way jews were treated in the muslim world , aka relatively well , and the fact the policy changed over time , it shows that the hate was not always there . 
  look man , i know your world view is built around the fact muslims have always hated you , but that is simply not true . 
  i have studied turkey ? 
  also yeah , i did identity but that 's because i 'm shit with we pronouns . 
  it 's a personal thing, 
  whatever you say to keep your world view intact i guess, 
  is bavaria seen as the germany of germany ( ie all of the stereotypes about germany the outside world holds are also stereotypes the germans hold towards bavaria ) ? 
  if the damn pope was not a thing we would . 
  but because catholics exist we are fucked . 
  here is a by country map http://www.ushmm.org/lcmedia/map/lc/image/eur77040.gif, 
  to be fair , the dude was insanely racist even for his times . 
  not to say we should remove him , but he was definitely out there for racism . 
  you would be able to pick out a moroccan , especially an uneducated one in a heartbeat . 
  the difference is profound . 
   sorry , that 's not good enough -- if there 's something in that shia article about the quran not being the final revelation , then point it out . 
  i guess i could also just offer a link to the online quran and say `` see ? 
  told ya !, 
  '' , and that would be equally valid , but that kind of rhetorical flim-flamming does n't get us anywhere . 
  wait , so literally saying what i said and proving it right is flaming ? 
  the point is that islamic doctrine is quite flexible in practice . 
   til that armenians only had problems with ottoman rule after those nasty christians decided to kick the ottomans out of the countries they had previously invaded and subjected to dhimmi status and the so-called blood tax , etc. 
  man , the gall of some of these christians !, 
  it 's an outrage !, 
  uhhh , no , im not justifying it , but that is how it went down . 
  it was of course a slow escalation with ethnic cleansing on both sides , and obviously the armenian genocide is an absolute tragedy , but the refugees were the main drivers behind the armenian genocide . 
   before that , i guess it was peaches and cream for everyone all through the ottoman realm . 
  never said that , but the reason the armenians were genocided was heavily tied with what was happening with the ottomans abroad . 
   again , with the references to some paper without anything in the way of specifics . 
  enough , i say . 
  i 'll leave it to others to see who 's throwing up vague assertions of `` it 's in there somewhere , i assure you '' in the vain effort to get something that will stick . 
  i already said , they peaked during the early ottoman empire because of their trade ties , but then declined to irrelevance because the greeks and armenians replaced them as they maintained ties to the west but the jews did not . 
  also the lack of protection based on the capitulation while christians got them was another element , and that was an outside , not internal choice . 
   see my earlier posting regarding the differences between bible and quran and the differences regarding development as to why that 's another lame comparison see , i dont like it therefor its wrong !, 
   til there are parts of the quran do shia regard as superseded . 
  or else , maybe some blowhard on reddit is spouting about things he evidently knows little about . 
  hmmm ... which is more likely ? 
  you were saying ? 
   muslims regard the quran as the final revelation , not to be superseded , and not to be developed https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imamah_ ( shia_doctrine )  first , fix the typo ( jews were not influential , you say ? 
  -- as in were dhimmi ? ), 
  fair enough  next , note that i myself noted in my first post that in court circles where islam was relatively lax , dhimi status was likewise elevated . 
  if you want , toss in your point , which supports mine , how in the case of the ottomans , it was also the armenians uppitiness that outraged the faithful . 
  actually that has far more to do with the ethnic cleansing of 2.5 million or so muslims from the balkans and countless more massacred so they turned to the assyrians , armenians , and greeks for reverence to prevent that from happening again . 
  but you are right , you clearly know more than ottoman historians , how could i ever doubt you . 
   next , note that i myself noted in my first post that in court circles where islam was relatively lax , dhimi status was likewise elevated . 
  except it had nothing do to with that , see the academic paper : the rise , decline and attempted regeneration of the jews of the ottoman empire by gubbay , lucien . 
  it had everything do with european trading policies and connections to europe . 
   i do n't see a huge push to scrap the constitution in favor of sharia among american muslims . 
  and yet , the number of muslims world-wide who say all governments in countries where muslims predominate should be run according to the quran is significant . 
  ok ... and 25 % of american protestants believe in rule based on the bible  actually , for reasons i mentioned , it does not . 
  at least , not to the same extent . 
  christians believe development of doctrine is possible , more so than muslims do . 
  to wit , parts of the bible ( e.g. 
  book of acts in the new testament ) deal explicitly with overruling other parts , in matters of dietary restrictions . 
  a significant number of orthodox muslims regard the quran as the final revelation , not to be superseded , and not to be developed . 
  if you want to argue with them as to why other more flexible types are just as orthodox , go ahead .
