  i will admit to screwing up , i wrote it quickly and was working from memory azerbaijan may not currently be ready , but give it a few more years and bad oil prices and it likely will be . 
  living without electricity wo n't matter much if you have many arms . 
  i do n't think a conquest would be good but some bullet flying may get them out of settler colonialism . 
  either way refugees have a right to return . 
  unless you think northern cyprus should get all territory it got also ? 
  seriously the fact that you are justifying ethnic cleansing is disgusting, 
  there is diplomatic pressure though . 
  yeah i 'm just clarifying . 
  twas just guessing, 
  copy paste , yep, 
  same with turkey , serbia , and a few others . 
  mention anything about the country and it devolves into certain subjects eventually, 
  yeah . 
  i think the un peacekeeping is the most likely to cause a solution . 
  but again i realize it 's a pipe dream, 
  well , to be fair , the armenians have steadfast refused any sort of un mission buffer zone , since they want a status for land solution . 
  i think that is fucked up , but i 'm a bit of a moralist . 
  i also realize it 's unrealistic , but i hold the same position in cyprus too . 
  all the empty territory should be handed over right away no questions asked, 
  it 's not a member of the un for a reason . 
  also spain irrelevant i guess , and russia, 
  and so will the settler colonialism not go away in the nkr without change . 
  it 's not an easy solution , but both sides are fucked up . 
  it 's just inane to sta there is no solution, 
  no , because i am correct on this , and correct on that . 
  the nkr claims and brings in settlers on the territory . 
  they may be willing to give it up but settler colonialism is banned . 
  ethnic cleansing is also banned . 
  but fuck azeri civilians right ? 
  given the history of this dude , not really, 
  this is not a proxy war , this is azerbaijan 's dictator 's play at keeping his head with the fall of oil prices . 
  ok , but that does not change the fact you are wrong . 
  na , the vikings all live in the hagia sophia writing graffiti everywhere, 
  also , the azeris of iran are well integrated , and would look at you like a nut if you suggested that . 
  iran is built on civic , not ethnic nationalism . 
  to be fair , the surrounding regions had like 2-3x the population of the nkr and were azeri majority . 
  the nagorno karabkah republic was always armenian majority , the area surrounding it with 2-3x the population and part of the nagorno-karabakh region was always azeri majority . 
  that seriously underestimates the population of the surrounding regions based on the census iirc . 
  it was more like 400k, 
   nk was always armenian , promised to armenia , but of course mr.lenin decided again soviet people know no borders ... nagorno-karabakh republic was always armenian , the area surrounding it is part of the nk region , and was majority azeri , and had like 2-3x the population . 
  terms are important here . 
   which as i 've said makes the whole argument nonsensical . 
  the nkr does n't claim the territories its occupied , they 're a temporary measure until a formal peace can be reached . 
  the nkr position is somewhat vague . 
  it claims them , but is willing to give it up for peace . 
  he might be speaking of the areas surrounding the nkr , which are considered part of the karabakh region . 
  it had 2-3x the population size . 
  seriously this is literal armenian propaganda . 
  regardless of your view , this is ethnic , not religious . 
  it should also be noted that the surrounding regions were heavily azeri and was like 2-3 time the size of the nkr proper, 
  yep , nobody is willing to admit both sides do wrong : for those unaware , here is a decent summary : im going to give background to what is currently going on , which is an azeri offensive into armenian controlled azeri territory along a ceasefire line . 
  azerbaijan alleges armenia started it and launched an offensive to counter it which is starting to turn into a reconquest campaign , armenia claims azerbaijan started it . 
  history , the region , known as nagorno karabakh was part of azerbaijan . 
  basically , post ww1 , in an attempt to bring turkey closer to the ussr azerbaijan was awarded the karabakh region . 
  since both countries are turkic , the ussr thought it would work , it did not . 
  the region was mostly azeri , but with a large pocket of armenians in the middle . 
  [ see this map ] ( http://adst.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/nagorno-karabakh_occupation_map.jpg ) . 
  the entire region was about 175k armenians , 500k azeris by the fall of the ussr . 
  the pocket was clearly armenian majority and where the vast amount of those 175k lived , and could have easily been annexed to armenia , but it was not . 
  instead it became an autonomous republic within azerbaijan , within the ussr . 
  the azeri authorities were not great to the armenians , mistreated them in many ways , and attempted to demographically shift the area by bringing in azeris . 
  this goes on until the fall of the ussr . 
  now , breakup of the soviet union . 
  despite various conciliation attempts , they all fail . 
  the armenian majority republican votes for independence , the 25 % or so azeri minority boycott . 
  azeri government refuses , and revokes autonomy for the republic . 
  this starts a nasty war , pogroms on both sides , massacres , the whole 9 yards eventually , the now independent armenian republic joins in as well , how early is up for debate . 
  they kick azerbaijans ass , take the autonomous republic and the area surrounding it . 
  through a combination of ethnic cleansing and the azeri population fleeing in fear of persecution , the vast majority of the azeri population leaves . 
  the region is depopulated , except for the 175k armenians living in the area . 
  a fair amount of the armenian refugees from the rest of azerbaijan who fled settle there as well , but overall the homes are mostly ghost towns still . 
  as a result of the war loss , the current azeri dictator rises to power . 
  a ceasefire line was created and any attempts to solve the issue have failed , despite two decades of negotiation . 
  nowadays , azeris want the nagorno karabakh republic ( nkr ) to be an autonomous republic within azerbaijan , . armenians want a free republic connected to armenia via corridor ( likely a quick annexation as well . 
  same with the nkr , but they claim the entire occupied area , while armenia just wants the republic proper . 
  now that is not to say they wont give up land to settle , but they treat it administratively all the same and settlers are going out into the depopulated regions . 
  to what extent and is this central government backed is up for debate . 
  turkey is blockading armenia over this issue ( not the armenian genocide , as is popular though ) . 
  azeri refugees mainly want to go home , and azerbaijan wants them to , especially given that azerbaijan has the highest population of internally placed refugees in the world from the war . 
  now , there have been ceasefire breaches in the past , but it looks like this is more serious . 
  it could end up in an all out offensive by azerbaijan to take back the regions . 
  this could be bad because well war is bad , but it could result in ethnic cleansing or genocide by the azeri troops . 
  it could also finally force a deal though , for the optimists out there . 
  azerbaijan has not previously tried to launch an offensive because of russian protection , but with sanctions , and syria , azerbaijan may think russia is overstretched . 
  plus azerbaijan is oil rich and finally has a rebuilt army , plus there could be turkish backing with the recent turkey russia split . 
  this offensive also might help secure the position of the azeri dictator given growing discontent, 
  says the nationalist serb with a canadian flair . . ? 
  most modern conflict is more due to this than the armenian genocide thing though . 
  the borders were open until the war . 
  with erodgan anything is possible, 
  its also a lot more desperate now , the azeri government is much more willing to go all in . 
  the nagorno-karabakh republic was majority armenian . 
  the regions surrounding the republic , which are in the nk region were majority azeri , and in total it was mostly azeri . 
  however there was still two fairly distinct populations . 
  equal , not even close ... 
  the internally displaced refugees was about 400k in armenia , many of which were from the nkr , so more like 200k-300k . 
  something like 600k + for azeris . 
  its double at least, 
  two wrongs dont make a right ... 
  sorry , im american and trying to make it clear im not an ethnic turk , but also trying to not sound like a douchy american saying `` im irish . '',
