  there were 800k according to the source we agree on . 
  then how can there be more macedonians than 300k ? 
  it 's literally unsourced though . 
  and according to your idea , no it is not because then how could there be 500k muslims in greece ? 
  that source is uncited and likely based off of the ottoman numbers which we both know are incorrect, 
  which is an equivalent , although not literal translation that is often used in some colloquial dialects of spanish ... 
  i mean i did not add accents because no spanish keyboard is lazy but other than the tense of llenado , what the fuck is wrong . 
  or fuck how do you say it correctly ffs, 
  i already did , you chose to ignore it, 
  except muslim pomaks existed everywhere . 
  what can explain them not existing in the are ? 
  so basically damned spainairds and their castellano, 
  according to to you they never existed . 
  pointing you serious flaw with that, 
  i had to look up hovercraft but the rest so i admit that could be wrong , but the rest is correct ? 
  from the muslim minority wiki page : according to the greek government , turkish speakers form approximately 50 % of the minority , pomaks 35 % and muslim roma 15 % so therefor my earlier claims make sense, 
  which does not include the outlying isles . 
  but i excluded bulgaria and macedonia , which means the rest must be in greece . 
  also great patronization . 
  btw , nobody has written it like moslem for approximately 100 years . 
  i just dont think you are going to get people to care is the point . 
  people are going to keep saying the british isles for a long time, 
  i agree , but they attempted to go a little bit too hard on some words is the point . 
  i did you just ignored the evidence . 
  maybe combine rri n\u00eb pritje with that ? 
  i dont know but the anglo word is lame !, 
  and using regression and looking at the damned map you can tell most were in greek macedonia . 
  and thats ignoring the various historical accounts . 
  if you want to be wrong , thats fine , but if you ever argue otherwise ill continue to call you out on that . 
  i dont think anybody else would care except portugal . 
  which is the entire point . 
  what the fuck else do we call them . 
  the non water areas off of europe ? 
  looked it up via google translate ( the perfect translation software ) and it said automjet, 
  i dont even think official turkish dictionaries use that . 
  oh language reform , how you produce hilarious results . 
  edit : also this got pulled up by google translate : karada ve havada gidebilen ta\u015f\u0131t, 
  and again if you read the map , not a ton . 
  and they follow the rhodope i looked at the numbers for macedonia , and the number was 40k modern . 
  which again , which is why i cancelled it out , as maybe the only thing you got is an extra 20k , so 1/10th . 
  explain the rest, 
  pulled from the wiki : [ pomaks ] mainly inhabit the rhodope mountains . 
  those are typically consdered the bounds of the macedonia region . 
   as for the population exchange between greece and turkey , it did happen according to religion but evidently it was n't the only factor seeing as the moslem albanians were not exchanged . 
  yes , the population along the albanian border was not kicked out as they were easily distinguishable . 
  however , anything within the province of macedonia under greek control were not deported . 
  not that this all matters , because the vast majority were in macedonia proper . 
  the modern bulgaria part of macedonian region had a small muslim population . 
  so again , where is the missing 200k ? 
  ah see i fucked up on something ... but you did the same . 
  the population exchange was based on religion , so according to your own source , 800k were muslims and treated as such . 
  excluding the albanian population to 680k , because they would have continued the growth rate , taking the 1948 census numbers , which are very generous we get around 600k . 
  but since the bulgarian part of the macedonia region had such a small muslim population that i am going to take it out , we can call it even . 
  again , even if we go by your 200k number , it is still 500k in turkey . 
  so again , where are the extra ? 
  and as you said the vast majority were in the other villayet, 
  the whole three of them ... and as you said the masatir villayet included the albanians, 
  then respond to my other post . 
  you gave the 500k , where did the 140k people go then ? 
  you are not including two of the vilayets fought over . 
  the adrianople and the manastir villayet . 
  you are not wrong on the macedonia numbers but that is patently . 
  false that it was the only region affected ... also on top of that a lot of thrace because the bulgarians occupied it . 
  and what is defined as western thrace is different here . 
  also what the fuck do you mean unfortunately ? 
  jesus dude, 
  what sources are you reading ? 
  greek nationalist ones . 
  there were as you said yourself 1.2 million greeks after the greek genocide . 
  therefor according to your logic there was no greek genocide, 
  i never said genocide , i said ethnic cleansing and massacres . 
  although considering bosnia i 'm sure a few would qualify under a non politicized lens . 
  and as i said , carnegie report on the balkan wars . 
  they are a primary document and i do n't know if you can find them online considering they are a century old but they talk about a whole list of massacres by both sides, 
  trust me , i have tried . 
  this dude got some serious doublethink going on in the name of greek nationalism . 
  that is why i said it , because he will disregard anything you say because of your nationality, 
  the carnegie reports straighg up say hundred of thousands were killed . 
  hell the turks striaght up have a term for it . 
  he changed his views because he found out he gets down voted . 
  he used to straight up justify them while saying that any turkish massacres during those wars were unacceptable ( not talking about the greek genocide ) . 
  seriously this is him arguing well . 
  also , i am wholly against the massacres the early americans committed . 
  actually no . 
  only a minority remained , most were forced out , and many were killed . 
  only the leftovers were exchanged so to speak . 
  you need to read some non greek nationalist history . 
  hundreds of thousands of muslims were murdered in cold blood in the balkans . 
  the balkan wars ? 
  they qualify as aggressive expansion . 
  whether the territories they took wanted to be part of greece or not is another matter . 
  but at a minimum they committed ethnic cleansing against a massive minority . 
  although i 'm going to be honest i do n't even know why i write this out considering you are just going to say the greeks army was justified in that somehow . 
  i do n't think the balkan wars count as the greek war for independence ... edit ; but you do n't support the turkish one, 
  god , can somebody invent a goodwin 's law for turkey ? 
  you would think an armenian would be against independently operating kurdish militias with a disregard for the value of civilian lives ... 
  we even got everybody 's favorite greek neofascist here as well . 
  it 's an anti turk party !, 
  just for the unaware this guy is a neofascist greek nationalist who justifies ethnic cleansing against turks . 
  and like usual he will try to justify it in the response,
