  the whole island via the coup ? 
  yeah ... because diplomacy with a junta works real well . 
  the u.k. should have just asked for the falklands back ... 
  it literally did have a say in the islands affairs due to the treaty ... 
  still though , historical fears do play a role, 
  mutlu is happy . 
  mutsuz is unhappy . 
  mut is one of the few words that you can not use by itself , although in a sense it means happiness . 
  so with happiness but it can not be used by itself , although with most words you can remove the li or siz construction and find a root that works by itself, 
   it was added under the same method ? 
  what are you talking about ... just because they added it along side the original sanctions list , does n't skip the fact that they continue to add terrorist groups to their sanction list . 
  they know about the pkk , it 's been around since the 50 's . 
  so either way , the pkk are not on the list are they ? 
  so yeah . 
  simple question : are they considered terrorists by the u.n. 
  yes or no ? 
  no but since they do not consider non islamic terror groups that are associated with al-qaeda to be added to the list , it is an entirely unfair question . 
   do you have any evidence of this ? 
  no you do n't , you 're just making it up without any fucking clue . 
  you simply do not know jackshit about the pkk , the internal politics or history . 
  it 's just your utter bias and random guesses to say shit like this . 
  i know you 're a turk because of this kind of bias . 
   yeah , not sucking off the dick of the pkk makes me a turk . 
  ok , whatever you say . 
  whatever lets you fall asleep at night . 
  is not like i give exactly zero fucks if you guys become independent or not as long as it is not done by terrorism . 
   where does it say they were targeting the passing vehicle and it was n't an accident ? 
  again , 30 + year war and this is the best you can do to describe them as terrorists . 
  the verb `` to attack '' also , i have to use these sources because you refuse to recognize turkish sites as legitimate sources . 
  frankly nobody gives a shit about the pkk outside of turkey and people such as me who are educated on the topic . 
  so nobody is going to post it on non turkish sites . 
  its not a conspiracy . 
   shows your hypocrisy and double standards . 
  ever been to kurdish areas occupied by turkey ? 
  there are military checkpoints in every town , large village , roads , etc. . 
  if you drive through them you will receive the same kind of treatment , but ahh that 's not defined as terrorism to you , you have different definitions for states . 
  they can fuck you in your ass and it 's not rape , it 's human rights violation !, 
  because they 're state actors remember !, 
  hummmm seams like double-standards and bias too me , but mostly excusing . 
  nations around the world ca n't even agree to the definition . . `` seems like terrorism to me ... '' the irony . . 
  i never said that it was ok , but again , states have a legitimate monopoly over violence in the area they control by definition which is what makes terrorism incompatible . 
   they did not kill him , they were n't looking to terrorize him , get your facts straight . 
  your moral compass seems to only work when you find it in your narrative . 
  turkey on the other hand kidnaps kurds on the streets , tortures them and threatens them . 
  hummm , seems like terrorism to me ... oh and i did not leave out the `` full story '' , we 're talking in the context of what the pkk did , his viewpoints on the whole situation is not the point here . 
  also many countries also sought independence through the barrel of their guns , there was no choice . 
  the previous bits were his viewpoint as well ... violence is never legitimate against civilians . 
  period . 
   so are you suggesting the kurds have not used or try to use that channel ? 
  they do n't look to do it in none-violent ways ? 
  shows your utter ignorance and to be honest disrespectful and complete lack of knowledge of the subject . . 
  if you think there was a way the kurds would not have achieved it by now ? 
  through `` democratic autonomy but not done with the barrel of a gun . '', 
  another give away turk bias . 
   they are currently using it just fine . 
  if the hdp is banned then come and talk to me . 
  except with a situation like kurdistan , autonomy makes far more sense as 30 % of kurdistan is turkish speaking . 
   `` islamic state '' is on the list . 
  so how are they and others in association of taliban and al-queda ? 
  do i have to read out every group/organisation on that list and ask you now too ? 
  or are you going to tell me al-queda and isil are the same thing ... 
  anyway dude , it 's pretty clear . 
  the u.n. do not list the pkk as terrorists . 
  do they ? 
  that is the question and the answer . 
  that 's all there it is to it . 
  i 've had enough . 
  it was originally designated under the al-queda resolution in 2004 . 
  so yeah , even if they are considered separate it was added under the same method . 
   no they did not fucking do it . 
  it 's a different organisation with different choice of methods . 
  methods that they were not allowed to do within the pkk so they split off possibly , for example . . how the fuck can you then blame the pkk as if they are a country and can regulate these things . . because they use these groups do further their goals while appearing legitimate ? 
  its not really hard to see when half of the time ( granted some are independent ) they are associated with the pkk and are rarely expelled . 
  its using a different label for a different product . 
   can you point me to where it states such a thing ... first link concerned at the growing and dangerous links between terrorist groups and drug traffickers and their paramilitary gangs , which have resorted to all types of violence , ** thus endangering the constitutional order of states ** and violating basic human rights while the un has no official definition of terrorism , nobody at the un includes states in it . 
  kofi annan put it as `` it is time to set aside the debate on so-called state terrorism . 
  the use of force by states is already thoroughly regulated under international law ''  but if you 're still not going to accept that , then i am going to leave you with this - which says that most states do not accept terrorism , and the most commonly accepted definition is non state actors . 
   go read that list again , not one single civilian targeted attack is blamed on the pkk . 
  this is not evidence , this is accusations . 
  http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,l-4125159,00.html http://www.brandeis.edu/crown/publications/meb/meb6.pdf those are all specific instances . 
  again , lack of precision statement does not mean that the pkk was not responsible . 
  the pkk was responsible for some including the resort bombings in july 2005 but they were not explicit for writing style . 
   so do it !, 
  find me links on what the turks do , ah but yet again you found two things on the pkk . . 
  the first one a bullshit link that does n't tell the full story . . 
  the pkk said it was an accident and they saw he was driving fast towards the pkk checkpoint , they fired warning shots and then they killed him thinking he was military or police ... later a lot of kurds were angry at the pkk for this , so do n't act like accidents do not happen , they did n't purposely target a civilian . 
  why should i find links if we both already agree it has happened ? 
  that seems super redundant does it not ? 
  also , blocking down a road for a shakedown ... hummm , seems like terrorism to me ...  ayg\u00fcn was freed unharmed on 14 august 2012 . 
  [ 3 ] in his first statements , he said he was in good health and that he had been treated with respect . 
  `` the young fellows who undertook this [ kidnapping ] are children of this country too , and they said they wanted to send a message of peace and a call for a cease-fire with this action . 
  '' [ 4 ] ayg\u00fcn 's statements caused controversy within his chp party . 
  while hardliner metin feyzio\u011flu criticized him for `` approaching a terror organization with sympathy , '' the party 's spokesperson haluk ko\u00e7 stressed that ayg\u00fcn had made a call for peace . 
  they still kidnapped somebody , which is terrorism . 
  i am not denying that it was a largely positive , but it was still terrorism . 
  also , wait to leave out the full story yourself `` i told them no decision can be made on this matter at the barrel of a gun '' and `` democratic autonomy were a democratic request that did not require using arms and was practiced in many european countries ''  thanks for desperately trying to paint the pkk in a bad light . 
  i am 100 % sure you are a turkish shill pretending to be american . 
  you can say that all you want , but it is not true . 
  i support democratic autonomy but not done with the barrel of a gun . 
   `` islamic state '' is on the list .
