  eh , i would give you somewhere around a supermajority but not nearly all . 
  and even so it is conditional unification , not unification at all costs that they want, 
  nobody is saying that , but turks really do want to end it, 
  to clarify it further , the annan plan was basically seen as a formality by the eu , and nobody outside of cyprus itself expected it to be rejected . 
  they were rather shocked when it was rejected, 
  actually , he is the president , and again , he is not saying that the same law will be imposed . 
  it could be as simple as tax incentives , this is done to an extent with colleges and whatnot to retain citizens in the usa, 
  i 'm saying currently is that on their list of demands , i realized the annan plan did that originally but they want something based on the annan plan , not a copy of it necessarily, 
  the current leadership in northern cyprus is almost too willing to compromise compared to the old positions , it will be heavily dependent on the south here . 
  it would have to wait until the next round of parliamentary elections though , to stabilize that mess, 
  it 's not like the current leadership in northern cyprus is in favor of unilaterally kicking out settlers or anything ... 
  then the north will stay independent . 
  it 's like israel palestine , regardless of the origin of the conflict it is going to have to start with israel making concessions , otherwise the palestinians wo n't even negotiate, 
  citation please ? 
  the turkish army is erdogan 's bitch nowadays . 
  it 's not the independent political power it used to be . 
  the problem comes from differing expectations between north and south over what the new state will look like, 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure turkey is secular and plans to kick them out as soon as the war is over and lebanon at a minimum will never offer them citizenship due to the whole confessionalist system . 
  moving onto europe is so they never have to go back to syria , nothing to with religion, 
  to really have a good coup chance you would at least need 20 % believers , and another 20 % indifferent . 
  anything else is just not going to last, 
  i dont have exact numbers unfortunately , but nowadays are visa grant rate is about 89 % for mexico , when at the last data point for the rate over overstay was 1996 at 20 % , when the non visa refusal rate was about 30 % . 
  so while i dont have any solid numbers for today , no real research , the data makes it hard to say that it has likely not increased , we just dont know by how much, 
  eh , that 's not the issue at all . 
  most illegal immigrant to the usa simply overstay visas, 
  1-2 % of the population in total or 1-2 % of the population at its height ? 
  so basically is the rate constant or going downwards, 
  yes , there is , the fucking gender inequality index clearly shows this, 
  well considering the gender inequality index is sour 68 , so somewhere in the middle 1/3 of countries ? 
  not great but looking at the fact that it is still better than most of the arab world once the data is included and well , it makes sense to me . 
  thats because half of the world is not fucking indexed . 
  its an incomplete data set that does not have half of the arab world in it . 
  i 'm not saying that turkey is very good with gender equality , it is not , but that ignores the fact that mountains of data from the poorer countries are missing . 
  [ i mean just look at the map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/2013_gender_gap_index_world_map%2c_gender_inequality_distribution.svg ), 
  yeah while i think that it is definitely a genocide , the international association of genocide scholars is biased as hell . 
  i remember them being part of the group claiming that 750k assyrians died during the genocide . 
  look , a lot of people died , but to get that high of an amount the turks would have had to revive assyrians they killed and kill them again because there was literally not that many assyrians, 
  worse than some parts of the arab world ? 
  yeah i could see that : worse than the arab world overall ? 
  you got to be fucking kidding me , one of the first counties to grant woman the vote . 
  you are a troll , high as fuck , a nazi , or some combination of . 
  technically ? 
  yes . 
  really ? 
  no , there is a prestige attached, 
  yeah but it is strongly correlated , and in your case the correlation holds true, 
  ok , nobody is a fascist here . 
  go away greek nationalist . 
   war crimes happened on all sides , yes . 
  but only one side survived in significant numbers on the territory of the turkish republic post-war . 
  the turks remained , the armenians and greeks were gone . 
  ok , but that does not mean genocide . 
  turks existed in great numbers in greece until the population exchange , but that does not mean it was genocide . 
   intent and outcome is important here . 
  we know about armenian and greek massacres but what we do not know is whether they were part of an overall policy . 
  the armenians and greeks committed massacres but it was ultimately they themselves who where wholly cleansed from the area and the turks who were left in their cleansed nation-state . 
  you have yet to prove that it was an overall policy on the turkish side . 
  reports of systematic massacres and the mass burning of villages with resulted in 100,000 s of turkish civilian deaths by western sources . 
  there is literally as much evidence for the turkish side as there is the greek and armenian side . 
  yet one is considered a genocide but the other is not ? 
  double standard based on fitting your narrow view ? 
   have any ` overzealous subcommanders ' caused the wholesale extinction of certain ethnic groups in large areas of afghanistan ? 
  no but it happened in the philippines , no genocide there though ...  outcome matters . 
  it literally does not . 
  no like it literally does not , you are wrong , period . 
  here is a definition , with the word intent being the key here any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
   the turks worked towards a specific agenda that resulted in an almost purely sunni turkey cleansed of all its minorities bar the kurds . 
  well , one , no , muslim turkey , alevis were counted as part of this group , and well , two , no the jews . 
  the jews were considered turkish . 
  your fire of izmir which you claim was intentional did not target the jewish quarter . 
  so according to your own god damned evidence that is incorrect . 
  they did not want armenians or greeks but that was because both countries had tried to use them an an excuse to annex majority muslim areas ( for example , trabzon to armenia , trabzon had maybe a handful of armenians before the war , quite literally ) . 
  yes it was ethnic cleansing , but it was not genocide . 
   we do n't know what a defeat of the turkish nationalists would 've looked like or whether the greeks and armenians would commit genocide on them in turn and that is n't the point nor has it ever been . 
  except we do know what happened before for a damned long while they were fucking winning . 
  and they were committing atrocities all over western anatolia against muslims , to the score of 100s of thousands of muslims killed . 
  i mean did hitler not commit genocide because he lost the war ? 
  the fuck dude . 
   the greeks and armenians committing massacres ( which you might extrapolate to a policy of ethnic cleansing ) does n't mean that the turks are n't guilty of genocide , period . 
  i never said that the ottoman empire ( and by extension the turks ) did not commit genocide , but my argument is that the republican turkish government did not continue this policy of genocide although it did continue the policy of heavy discrimination and expulsion towards specific christian minorities . 
   i do n't see the regimes as a continuity , it 's just the persecution of armenians that is continuous and deliberate . 
  besides , it does n't matter what i think . 
  atat\u00fcrk was selling the image of a new turkey regardless of what i might think of ottoman-republican continuity . 
  i 'm not fucking arguing that there was not a continued persecution of bloody armenians , my argument is that the policy differed from the ottoman stance in that it was not an intent to commit genocide although it was an intent to expel these groups . 
  also , ataturk may have been selling a new god damned image but he was still selling a turkish centered one . 
  he at no point said `` hey i want all the armenians to come back '' because that is what every nations state did at the time , expel minorities . 
  but he did not try to kill them , only expel them . 
  did he committ ethnic cleansing ? 
  yes , was it genocide ? 
  was ethnic cleansing unusual in this period ? 
  no , it was actually considered the humanitarian thing to do ( shockingly )  yes it was ethnic cleansing , as part of a genocide . 
  1915-23 was a near-continuous period of persecution of armenians that resulted in their extinction on the vast majority of the land they 'd inhabited previously . 
  the republican regime being mildly less murderous does n't change the fact that armenians were still being murdered , persecuted , raped , robbed etc. 
  for the simple reason of their being armenians . 
  the holocaust was from 1941-1945 . 
  any scholar will tell you that . 
  they will not say that it started in 1938 with kristallnacht however . 
  the buildup ( or in this case cooldown ) is important to understanding what happened but they are not the same thing . 
  period . 
  i am not arguing that they were not being persecuted , that is not my argument at all , but it literally does not fit the qualification of genocide as there was no intent to kill from the evidence .
