  it is outdoors . 
  turkish police can usually stop the attack from inside a building , but they cant stop an attack outside of a building nearly as easily . 
  well , its more like some kurdish groups will attempt to impose that on others . 
  the zaza are a prominent example of this , they view themselves as a separate identity , however saying the word zaza to some kurds will piss them off as they claim that the zaza are kurds , and oppose any sort of cultural autonomy for them unless it is under the flag of kurdish cultural autonomy . 
  kurds are not nearly as united as they might seem , the only reason it seems so it due to the 10 % threshold for voting . 
  there is some evidence is does happen , but it is extremely rare compared to iraq, 
  likely islamic because this appears to be a suicide bombing . 
  that is not a traditional method of the grey wolves , and it would be a first for them to do that . 
  occam 's razor, 
  not likely , grey wolves have never suicide bombed in the past . 
  this would be a first . 
  they dont suicide bomb , this was apparently a suicide bombing . 
  islamists most likely , then theoretically kurds since they have done it in the past but islamist kurds at that . 
  its not anti nationalist sure , but the fact is that the party was built on a tacit coalition between kurds and islamists to dominate the political scene ( the kurds have since withdrawn ) . 
  the fact is that its islamist first , then maybe a late nationalist like 5th . 
  [ bullshit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_turkey%e2%80%93pkk_conflict ), 
  there is a difference between justifying genoccide and self defense though, 
  i 've heard that the us is not nearly as bad but it still blows , and specially the turks will get liberalized for the us and canada if europe does it . 
  could be wrong though, 
  basically our setup encourages radicalism rather than moderation . 
  as my as we like to claim that `` university will expose you to new ideas and people '' its extremely common for self segregation at us universities . 
  the setup and incentives ( such as student groups and frats ) encroach self segregation , which is why you get islamic radicals and sjws next to each other . 
  i mean it 's not atypical , honestly . 
  its what happens with tourist based countries . 
  italy , greece and spain can afford to me more restrictive because the eu , but turkey cant . 
  certainly the greek-armenian-assyrian genocides were a whole other level , but yeah , a big chunk of why the genocides did happen , with a long history of tit for tat between the two nations and smaller but escalating ethnic cleansing campaigns on both sides ( committed against the turks , crete and the balkan wars , harmanli massacre , commited by the turks stuff during the greek war for independence , hamidian massacres , batak , ect you get the point ) , and how the almost but not quite genocide ( and even that is up for debate imo ) experience of the balkan wars caused the turkish government to think well fuck it lets escalate it slightly more and that being the one everybody remembers is an important element . 
  the christian ethnic minority anatolian genocides were certainly the worst of the bunch , but certainly not beyond the pale in terms of the slow increase upwards of hostilities , and it sucks because it makes it seem like it was a random genocide without what happened , which it definitely was not , although all of them are unjustified . 
  [ what ... ? 
  i 'm talking about greek massacres committed by greek forces against turks during their invasion of turkey , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_\\ ( 1919 % e2 % 80 % 9322 \\ ) #greek _ massacres_of_turks ) which turkey also committed in equal proportions against during that time period . 
  thats my objection , you either have to add on the greeks as a committer of genocide or neither . 
  i 'm not questioning that , but regardless of the conditions now its never going to happen . 
  turkey has too big of a population , thus it would be too influential in the eu . 
  even if turkey got all its shit together tomorrow , it would take probably 3 decades just to get germany and france to budge . 
  yeah pretending there is not a decent amount of racism mixed in there is kind of silly . 
  ha , you lucky lucky bastard . 
  if you are from a `` third world '' country visas suck donkey dick . 
  remember that at least in the us half of the illegal immigrants overstayed their visa , they did not hop the border . 
  seriously , `` oh fuck we were repressing and literally slaughtering turks , but fuck them for getting help '' i mean what the turkish side did is undoubtedly wrong , but i cant help and shake my head at the same time . 
  no , very realistic actually , remember , turkey does not give a fuck, 
  no , but their actions are unintentionally setting the groundwork for it, 
  yeah that 's why this shit happens though, 
  google search massacres during the turkish war for independence, 
  it 's called deportation my friend . 
  some will remain but it 's really easy to pick out a non native turkish speaker . 
  there is too many consonants that they lack . 
  they ca n't get rid of them all but they can get rid of most of them . 
  germany could have gotten rid of the turks damn easy if they did not give a fuck , but they did . 
  because the only way to get them to do shit is to blackmail them . 
  they have been begging for years , and they have collectively said `` eh '' so turkey said `` fuck it , have fun with the consequences '', 
  exactly , it does not matter who is responsible or not . 
  turkey is know for not giving a fuck sometimes , and they would totally say `` fuck it we aint doing shit '' without concessions . 
  what the fuck are you on about . 
  rojava is kurdish territory , they are not going to let 2 million arabs immigrate and allow themselves to become a minority in their own territory . 
  are you high ? 
  the rojava will kick them the fuck out/not let them in . 
  as much as the tolerant attitude they love to portay , only kurds get that shit . 
  they wont give the same to arabs . 
  because they feel and are often treated as part of the west , but they get none of that shit when it comes to visas, 
  hahhhahahahahahah you assume that turkey gives a fuck . 
  they will kick them the fuck out , period . 
  the akp cant afford to lose any more nationalist votes for a potential long term gain , and the other parties are all opposed . 
  yeah , but then its like saying half the shit in greece is of roman origin during the roman era . 
  the owner of the land matters more than the culture that created it . 
  because that is a sentiment many turks share . 
  i have a fair amount of turkish friends , and it is a pain in the ass times like hitler to get a visa into the eu or us . 
  it has to do with university structures and a relative shit ton of race , class , and sex tensions boiling over through that structure that encourages radicalism . 
  it originated in the united states , and spread from there . 
  it has to do with unique university structures encouraging the racial tensions and economic inequality that are so prevalent in america to radicalize and express themselves in extreme forms . 
  it happens elsewhere sure but america is particularly conducive to it and with the conservative government in the uk trying to out america america in some ways plus the shared cultural background , it spread over there . 
  it is a unique phenomena to america and is spreading via the anglosphere . 
  our university culture , which is a lot of kids first real taste at independence allows for radicalization , plus of how the university is set up with the vast majority of people living on campus ( and there being a great deal of snobbery and lack of fucks given about off campus people , from personal experience ) . 
  plus the economic inequality and racial shitstorms are a big part , and the prevalence of student groups as well ( for example my schools has like 5 different hispanic or spainish related student associations , half of which are crazy radical tumblr types ) . 
  but yeah , from there , the influence we have over the anglo sphere and the relative similarity of university structure allowed it to spread . 
  turkish people run a special category for white people , especially in tumblr . 
  when it comes to the genocide ( s ) and the ottoman empire , they are white people , otherwise , they are brown people . 
  iirc that was a almost definitely a troll blog . 
  even turkish histories wont do anything like that . 
  the issue is that the candidates are almost always crazy even if you vote . 
  not to say that 's not related but you almost have to run to even change things, 
  to be fair the principalities had [ a very interesting relation with chattel slavery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_romania ) independent of the ottoman empire but that does not change what happened with the ottomans overall, 
  no still more , although the flat pit denial is rare they tend to downplay numbers and say they rebelled ( which is somewhat true . 
  but it does not justify genocide ) . 
  the turkish view is definitely generally 90 % wrong , but it does not help that specially the greeks and assyrians claim the equivalent of israel says 20 million jews died during the holocaust , and the pushes to include the republican era definitely add some misinformation into the official narrative , even if the overall story is there, 
  yeah turkey is never going to admit to the genocide , especially when the armenian and greek states will often hint at reparations as a possibility . 
  it wo n't happen until both renounce all claims on such things but it 's to these countries advantages to well not explicitly rule these things out . 
  now that is not to say turkey would recognize it tomorrow , that would need time and the armenians and greeks would have to stop pushing to include the republican era as part of the genocide as well ( which i totally have to agree with them on that unless you also consider greek and armenian lead massacres during the war of independence to be genocide ) which is also stupid , but no progress can be made until those details change, 
  sunni with a touch of alevi , think what calvinism ( alevi ) to protestants ( shia ) vs the catholics ( sunni ), 
  but the madid government is certainly going to try and play dumb, 
  thats the point though , it can be immoral . 
  if spain were to block independence forever just because it could , that could potentially be immoral 2 . 
  ok , but times change . 
  and again , if the rest of spain refuses to allow it to be changed , what then ? 
  you have yet to give me an answer on this 3 . 
  it was not recognized anywhere , but the principle is still there ... 4 . 
  from that same resolution : all peoples have the right to self-determination ; by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic , social and cultural development ... 
  so they still are able to do so 5 . 
  they have the right to . 
  now , if they will have to deal with the consequences of independence , but they have a right to . 
  unless the area is actively colonized then they have a right to independence if they were to so wish . 
  now if they wish to remain part of the us as a separate state they have to work through the system .
