  ignore this dude . 
  he justifies ethnic cleansing as long as it is against turks . 
  neofascist greek nationalist, 
  would the style be necessary there for it to make sense ? 
  it 's one of those things that makes sense in english but that might have been part of the issue, 
  i was trying to say he is trying to change turkey into an arab style dictatorship , how would i say that ? 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i wrote it myself :(, 
  you 'll flem all over them ? 
  i was just messing with you , i know you actually speak french . 
  you just get clogged noses a lot and get a lot of flem in your mouth , that 's where the name comes from, 
  says the guy who speaks flemish :p, 
  not just in the southern states . 
  i live in one of the whitest areas in the usa ( minnesota ) and we all got english signs . 
  the only place that lacks them is the rural north . 
  shut your damned arab mouth thanksgiving dinner !, 
  shut up you ( please select from the following for most insulting name ) dutchman/frenchy/german . 
  different context . 
  germany existed as a concept much earlier . 
  belgium , being the made up country it is , is a new concept of a country, 
  it 's a joke . 
  to be fair , clearly not intended to be anything else, 
  i think you misunderstand , look at the guy above me 's second comment . 
  also that 's all it takes to get you angry ? 
  i thought i would at least have to mention something about romania , 
  well it 's official . 
  hungary considers turkey part of europe, 
  tolken was not just a linguist , he was a linguist , who happened to write books that could use the languages he created . 
  needs to be er\u00fc to match perfect vowel harmony , make the i into an \u0131 , and i could believe it, 
   as far as medieval europe is concerned , i guess they were taxed just like the ottomans did and prior caliphs so your point here is flawed as both did the same thing . 
  that was literally my entire point , the jews were not uniquely shit on . 
  your claim was that they were never allowed to rise above their station and that why they were taxed . 
  that is patently false as you said yourself . 
   umm , what ? 
  when israel declared sovereignty the surrounding arab nations along with the palestinians declared war on israel . 
  arab nations also instructed the palestinians to leave their homes because they believed they were going to defeat the israelis , but they lost just like they did the next three wars ( suez , 6 day war , yom kippur war ) . 
  if by colonization you mean taking control of west bank and gaza , the jews gained control of the wb after the 6 days war when the arabs started another losing battle . 
  jordan controlled the wb , but lost control because well , they started a war and lost . 
  when you lose wars you start , you face the consequences , ask germany circa wwi/ii . 
  israel did n't even want to control gaza , but one of the conditions to peace with egypt was the egypt did n't want gaza and israel had to control it instead , actually . 
  a smart move on egypt 's part . 
  the fact that israel exists bothers arab leaders and many of their own people since they are brainwashed . 
  israel is a scapegoat tool for them to distract the shitty treatment of the people by the leaders . 
  i disagree with you on this one . 
  your original claim attempted to use stuff during the post balfour declaration period , when antisemitism started to grow due to it basically being a colonization project , as evidence the muslims were always anti semitic . 
  however , the project of israel , which includes the initial colonization period , was what caused the antisemitism to grow so rapidly . 
   jews were legally purchasing land from arabs in the region long before the creation of israel . 
  so much so to the point where selling jews land if you 're palestinian is illegal and a punishable offence . 
  they consider all of israel palestinian land my friend , it does n't end with the settlements . 
  the gaza settlements were completely dismantled and green houses were left for them to develop . 
  what did they ( gazans ) do ? 
  they elected a terror organization that led to a civil war and destroyed the greenhouses . 
  what makes you think if the israelis withdrew from the wb the same thing would n't happen ? 
  at this point , it would be more insane to think it would work out fine rather than creating a gaza 2.0 , which is the more likely scenario . 
  also , when did i use example of the modern era to prove that they always hated us ? 
  youre bringing in completely irrelevant information to the point i am making . 
  you are trying to inject the modern situation to a historical pre israeli project argument . 
  you are either confused and missing my point or purposefully adding in bullshit . 
  if you are unclear , i am purely talking about the rise of antisemitism and how it relates to the creation of israel . 
  the really modern stuff is not relevant , at least post 1950s  i simply told you to talk to arabic jews and how they and their families were treated over hundreds of years ( before israel ) . 
  my point is that it 's always been bad for jews in arab countries prior to israel , that 's it . 
  im not arguing that it was all sunshine and lollipops but it is a fucking fact that in the muslim world the jews were treated much better than in the christian world , and this open hostility , namely pogroms and the like has everything to do with israel . 
  im not saying israel should not exist , just that it relates to israel . 
   palestinian nationalism back then before israel was n't different from other arab nations . 
  they were seen by others and even themselves as being arabs from different places ( egypt , syria and jordan ) mainly . 
  the majority of jordanians are palestinian for example . 
  arafat is egyptian and there are many palestinian surnames that are indigenous to egypt . 
  i never deny that they lived there , but to act like their culture has a long and rich history as palestinians is false . 
  yes and no . 
  if we are going to get really technical they saw themselves as ottomans . 
  but while they saw themselves as arabs , there was still a sense of regional identity . 
  not drawn on the same likes today but a levantine arab did see themselves as somewhat distinct from an egyptian arab . 
   to address your point , the jews were n't at war with the ottomans , christian europe was and just because they slaughtered armenians and greeks does n't mean it was good for the jews of that time . 
  perhaps the small tax paying jewish population was n't as big of a problem for the ottomans opposed to the larger christian population that the ottomans were trying to conquer ? 
  or the fact that they were a trusted minority of the ottoman empire that mostly saw themselves as ottomans first jews second , and one of the few minorities to embrace ottomanism ? 
  historically the jews in the ottoman empire often saw themselves as ottomans . 
  now , they did see the need for reform to make it less islamic exclusively , but they saw themselves as ottomans none the less . 
  also , there was no differentiation in taxation post 1860s , so for nearly a half century before the christian genocides . 
  the difference is the christians did not embrace ottomanism , the jews did , which shows a level of integration and acceptance . 
   of course i 'm a jew , why the hell else would i be this invested in this conflict . 
  i 'm certainly not one of those non-jew or non-arab kids that act like they have stake in either side nt , this thing actually has somewhat of an effect on family and friends so i understand it at more of a micro level . 
  do you have family who lives in israel ? 
  also , this literally does not effect you because i am speaking on the historiography of antisemitism in the muslim world . 
  this is completely irrelevant . 
   never said or implied that you are an anti-semite , i have friends that think like you and they are still my friends . 
  you have friends who disagree with you on the historiography of antisemitism in the muslim world ? 
  i believe israel has a right to exist , and has a right to defend itself to a certain extent , but you are again , arguing with a strawman . 
   i 'm canadian and i 'm completely not religious , i 'm ethnically jewish so high holidays and wine are fair game . 
  that being said , there are no jewish textbooks that tell us how to think . 
  that was poorly phrased , i will admit that , but you appear to be essentially arguing a pro jewish position within academia . 
  antisemitism in the muslim world is strongly linked with israel . 
  period . 
  you are arguing a very revisionist history of the area . 
   hat being said , there are no jewish textbooks that tell us how to think . 
  i can think for myself and unlike most people that like to talk about this conflict like know-it-alls , i 've actually read the history on it extensively from both sides . 
  i also took many university courses on the middle eastern conflicts . 
  believe me , i 've read up on this shit enough times from literature conceived by non-jews , especially arabs so do n't assume what you do n't know . 
  same here , but how does the modern conflict relate to the historiography argument again ? 
   again , i disagree with your sentiment that israel 's creation led to the induction of anti-semitism amongst arabs , but you 're entitled to your own opinion . 
  i never said it lead to the introduction , just that it amped it up significantly from a relatively peaceful level to the whole jew stabbing thing going on in europe .
