  ill explain : black people in the early us , specifically slaves , counted as 3/5 of a person for the purposes of assigning seats to our lower house . 
  that is absolutely wrong and immoral . 
  but its still technically in our constitution , just `` crossed out '' so to speak . 
  so immoral things can still be in a constitution . 
  likewise , the south of the united states at one point tried to declare independence over slavery ( and before from southerner comes in and bitches me out , it was not directly caused by slavery , but nearly all of the causes of the civil war were rooted in slavery in one way or another ) . 
  i am glad we managed to suppress the people trying to declare independence , because it was a war over the right to own people , but we did violate their right to self determination . 
  gladly there was no un charter around back then , but the point is that just because something is in a constitution does not make it right or moral . 
  i do think that if a state now wanted to vote for independence , feel free . 
  they may be stupid for doing so ( like catalonia , in a lot of ways ) but it is their right . 
  i mean black people were 3/5s a person were they not ? 
  now , i 'm not saying that the south should have gotten independence , but they certainly had a right to it which was violated ( but in their case thank god there was no un charter ) . 
  the thing is the people can not just rule by majority and be complete shit to a minority and expect to get away with it . 
  i 'm not saying spain is doing that , but catalonia has a right to independence if it is wishes, 
  ok , does not mean shit though . 
  the constitution can still be wrong , even if l think the civil war was just, 
  no see the west always knows best , which is why they spent four decades supporting islamists in turkey, 
  iirc the breakdown is very much by gender though . 
  12 % of men and 50 % of women are in this category . 
  there 's some things that are likely , and others that are not . 
  this is on the extreme , extremely unlikely end 2 . 
  a population exchange will never happens in the modern world and even if it did the kurds would be the ones being exchanged from igdir , not the turks, 
  i said second comment in the thread . 
  also amazing how you find a sarcastic comment unacceptable but you bringing up the genocide whenever , irrelevant or not totally ok, 
  second , and it was making fun of the it 's hot in turkey post, 
  it was specifically with an / s for a reason . 
  it was making fun of concern trolls, 
  you know what 's sarcasm is ? 
  you 're tired of greeks that do n't vote golden dawn you mean . 
  aka the non crazy ones, 
  lol ok dude : or maybe you 're just crazy, 
  lol youre so stupid even greek nationalists think you are nuts . 
  til learned arabs = the entire middle eastern population and that greeks were middle easterners all along !, 
  the area of igdir is a mix of azeri sunnis and turkish sunnis , so they are not going to separate . 
  the area of hatay got less than 2 % for the hdp in the last election . 
  so in order not to be landlocked , they are going to have to forcefully occupy somebody who will not want them . 
  right , but they are not going to suddenly genocide , the kurds have too much western support for that . 
   genocide is normal in that part of the world . 
  genocide is normal period unfortunately , or need us remind you of a people called the native americans . 
  well i cant find a map that properly represents the mixed areas , but igdir and kars have plurality hdp votes but not majority hdp votes . 
  that is a good metric to go off of since you would need majority for independence . 
  that 's a garbage map though literally drawn by a kurd . 
  i 'll see if i can find one that is more accurate, 
  you need to stop reading fantasy novels and playing eu4 , they are not going to just genocide kurds . 
  it has no sea access , so it wont quite work out like that . 
  they would have to annex some non kurdish territories for the path to happen though , is my point . 
  at that point why not just annex hatay and use that as a seaport ? 
  any kurdistan wo n't extend that far north . 
  those are circlejerk maps, 
  shit let 's start posting canada and america shit in europe !, 
  you ca n't seriously say to the same degree . 
  and half of the georgia is not european folks are sarcastic turks, 
  so you are telling me that at a minimum there is no organic links between the pkk and pyd ? 
  dude how gullible are you ? 
  i would use the kck but nobody knows who the fuck they are : the iraqi group and the syrian group are both linked through the pkk and worship the founder of the pkk . 
  the sdf is just a brand name for the same ideology, 
  and assad plans on being in charge of the whole country united . 
  either the pkk or assad are going to go . 
  i know , thats the joke :p, 
  i thought armenia wasnt in europe ? 
  imma just going to say it before anybody asks . 
  it is called a hindi in turkey , which in india is called the peruvian chicken , which is its origin . 
   but rojava ( syrian kurdistan ) it imports a fair amount of its consumer supplies from iraqi kurdistan who they charge monopoly prices for the privilege . 
  it is supplied through a combination of us air drops , southern kurdish monopoly and smuggling from other areas of turkey and syria . 
  without any one of those rojava would collapse . 
  which if the war in syria were to end today , that would be a problem since that meant no more us supplies . 
   krg ( iraqi kurdistan ) the krg is a pseudo vassal state of turkey and has positive relations with them . 
  that is how it is able to survive , through being an ally of turkey . 
   how do iranians see kurds ? 
  i was under the impression that iranians liked kurds owing to cultural , ethnic , and linguistic similarities - not enough to allow the iranian part of kurdistan to secede , but enough that they would tolerate an independent kurdistan elsewhere . 
  that is the whole issue however . 
  the only ones that could gain independence either hurt their vassal state purfusely ( iraq ) or would be kck aligned and thus would have organic links with the separatists in iran . 
  its like saying america would be fine with an islamic state elsewhere , yes in theory you are right , but isis is still going to bomb america . 
  it doesnt have to you are right . 
  but you have to remember two things . 
  a syrian kurdistan is not viable on its own . 
  its two or three pockets that will either be dependent on us military drops ( which wont last forever ) , syria , or turkey . 
  so that can not be independent by itself . 
  the iranian pocket mainly borders iraq so assuming that iran doesnt agree to its independence ( which it wont ) it will be dependent on iraq ... which is a de facto iranian puppet state . 
  since syria , iran , and iraq are all closely linked , you have to think of them as de facto the same block and you can not gain independence in one without pissing off all three . 
  turkey you could in theory gain independence by itself but with [ sevres syndrome ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a8vres_syndrome ) it is unlikely to go that way . 
  since landlocked countries are dependent on bordering countries with access to the sea , kurdistan is in a bind . 
  you need either the support of the iranian block or the turkish block for independence otherwise any independence is hopeless . 
  so if turkey is willing to permit iraqi kurdish independence it might survive but it is unlikely to happen without that . 
  so youre saying israel has no right to exist because it was legitimized by a un vote then ?? 
  us interests have never been spreading democracy as of late . 
  it also makes more sense for them to stay part of most states outside of maybe iraq if they can get a good deal with turkey cuz oil . 
  you dont want to be dealing with two different blocks with no sea access that have you by the balls . 
  thats like saying lithuania hates russians . 
  for sure , but that is why erdogan is leaning hard on bazani , he is turning him into a corrupt autocrat that will just rig elections . 
  if he can do the same and just rig the elections of future kurdish elections , problem solved . 
  i am not saying it is particularly likely , it is not , but it is the most likely of route if an independent kurdistan is to exist . 
  it would likely involve a treaty saying that turkey can intervene and it will be a pseudo puppet state like n cyprus . 
   iran has no quarrel with the kurds and an independent kurdistan well one , iranian kurdistan if a thing . 
  so no , even just based off of that it wont happen . 
  but that is on top of the fact that iraq is a pseudo puppet state of iran , and iraq losing kurdistan is a huge blow for that puppet state because it has access to oil . 
  so there is definitely a problem . 
   it has n't been easy for israel to remain independent , but this shows that it is possible israel has sea access and therefor can trade with non arab states . 
   [ it ] could be supplied through the air by the us and nato . 
  you can not run a nation off of air drops . 
  you just cant .
