  dude , as i said fuck them , but they are not celebrating them , because they have to fucking acknowledged something to celebrate it . 
  it does not work by any definition . 
  is not acknowledging your birthday and telling people to fuck off when they congratulate you celebration ? 
  because that is essentially what they are calling you . 
  they are massive pricks , but they are not celebrating it . 
  they are acting like assholes and protesting for denial of a historically agreed upon event . 
   i know who you were referring to as nationalistic pricks , and i 'm saying you ca n't call them that if you are one yourself . 
  how the fuck is saying that a word is literally inappropriate for the situation make me a nationalist prick ? 
  apparently wanting a word to make fucking sense makes me a nationalist now ? 
  how the fuck can you call me a nationalist prick when i think what they are doing is just as awful if not more so , but dont think that a word should be used wrong ? 
  seriously dude , im pro everything , yet apparently im a nationalist for literally saying that a word you used is wrong ? 
  fuck according to your logic armenians celebrate the genocide as well . 
  yeah , dude , they wanted a society that avoided rights to everybody ... 
  based off of the nutty deniers website :  - today , 150 dancers performed a `` performance of peace '' in front of the lincoln memorial in washington , d.c. , in commemoration to the next 100 years of turkey-armenia relations . 
  sponsored by the turkic platform , the purpose of this large demonstration was to raise awareness and foster greater cooperation between turkey and armenia . 
   if you go to a genocide memorial with a dance troupe waving flags of the country that committed the genocide then that is celebrating . 
  or protesting ? 
  if you go to a israeli holocaust remembrance and wave around palestinian flags and say `` stop the israeli holocaust ! '', 
  is that holocaust denial or effective protest . 
  now obviously holocaust denial is rampant among arabs , but being a nationalist prick does not mean you are celebrating what happened . 
  celebrating what happened is `` im glad approximately 1.2 + / -0.6 million armenians died during the genocide , fuck them . '', 
  celebrating would be `` turkey and azerbaijan should team up to finish armenia off ''  do n't accuse other people of being nationalist pricks if you yourself are one . 
  dude , work on reading comprehension . 
  lets parse my sentence shall we  they is in the third person , therefor it is not referring to you , so you are excluded from the first part . 
   are counter protesting the genocide as it is in the third person plural , the only group it could be referring to is the protesters . 
   and acting like nationalist pricks , given the lack of the you in that sentence , the lack of a comma until he end , and the use of the plural in nationalist pricks , i could only be referring to the previous group . 
  therefor it can only be concluded that you had a serious brain fart there , which granted , it happens to all of us , no problem if so , or you are willfully misinterpreting my sentence . 
   do n't accuse other people of being nationalist pricks if you yourself are one . 
  ah yes , i am such a turkish nationalist ... oh wait im pro christian genocide recognition , pro kurdish autonomy and a vote for independence if they want that as well , generally against the turkish policy in syria , think the current leader is a nut , think the mhp and chp are problematic , and a whole list of other shit . 
  i wont lie about defending turkey , because i used to live over there and i think that a lot of the problems often listed on this sub ( other than the previous ones ) are exaggerated . 
  however , i am far from a turkish nationalist , given my 100 % northern european heritage , catholic upbringing , and american citizenship . 
  my issue is that you should not mince words . 
  if somebody says `` the kemalists were not participated in the christian genocides '' i will be the first to say `` but they definitely did participate in ethnic cleansing against those groups . '', 
  i dont like incorrect statements , and i was correcting one there . 
  they are counter protesting the genocide and acting like nationalist pricks , but again , i dont see any evidence of celebration of civilian deaths ... ? 
  however , turks also live in their lands . 
  by your logic all indo europeans should go over to ukraine ... look , if kurds want independence that is fine , just as long as it is done through a democratic vote with no cohesion . 
  again , as i said , counter recognition rallies , but i dont see any celebration there ? 
  why would turks give up theirs ? 
  and the greeks of cyprus could do the same to the north . . ? 
  does not mean they should ... 
  they 're might be denial protests but i will need a source on that, 
  american : yeah , the american army committed terrorist attacks and were a terrorist organization . 
  not disagreeing , but the mhp nowadays are quite different from the mhp of decades past and have definitely moderated . 
  do n't know how this has affected the views of migrant turks though, 
  they were defending kurds against turkish aggression , by throwing rocks at them ? 
  oh yeah btw this dude is massive pro kurd to the point of nuttiness . 
  not to say i am not innocent of bias , i may be a bit too forgiving of turks at times . 
  however this dude is like a whole different level, 
  arewethebaddies ? . mov, 
  does not make it right, 
  to be fair , approximately 50 % are per greek estimates and they 're have been complaints of deflating the number of turks from the community . 
  it is likely 66 % or more, 
  all glad you and serbia agree on something, 
  look at it this way : at least you guys could afford a domestic film industry, 
  who cares ? 
  i mean cyprus ? 
  what kind of a made up name is that . 
  there is a big difference between leftist political group , and a terrorist national group that happens to be leftist, 
  they view the turkish people in general , and even then they view it as westernized with erdogan, 
  there are a lot of pkk nuts in the thread it seems like, 
  5 bucks says banging a kurdish pkk supporter or a kurd, 
  dude i get that you have problems with turkey , and i agree with you on a lot of them , but this person is a fucking terrorist . 
  so either say the sentence was unjust or lock them up in a belgian jail, 
  however either way israel does not have a right to all of palestine , thus saying israel is a vague way of saying not palestine. ,, 
  cool dude , so they disagree with the ruling . 
  but she was already sentenced . 
  it was past tense if true, 
  there is also the issue the person was already convicted . 
  put them in jail for 4 ,, 
  i 'm referring to the territories though . 
  it 's important to distinguish now that they nation are somewhat established, 
  she was already sentenced ... 
  if they feel like they will not get a fair trial in turkey , request evidence and hold the trial in belgium, 
  no , the nation of israel is israel 's homeland . 
  they have no right to palestine just like the other way around . 
  it 's important to distinguish that, 
  true but it 's also a bit of a lose lose . 
  starving them out forces it to end quickly while the rebels may just use supplies to hoard and use civies as human shields, 
  actually no , there were like 3 different ethnicity who went through there before the arabs ... 
  they are not ... not nuking them daily =\\ = support, 
  no israel is israels homeland , palestine is palestine . 
  i 'm just bringing up the more exceptional things for the euros . 
  it 's a bit click baity in that sense but eh . 
  i 'm simplifying for the other euros , although to be fair they did add some words as secondary that were not there before . 
  the big thing was standardization though, 
  speaking in broad strokes , yes , but even then there is a lot of nuance and context . 
  for example istiklal harbi , harb is definitely the fancier version of savas , but bagimsizlik ilan is generally preferred over istiklal outside of very specific contexts . 
  they are used interchangably as well generally , and generally dont add any extra strength . 
  while in english the french word are generally stronger when another alternative exists , ie mansion vs house . 
  its a lot like english roots , but its not quite as clear cut as it is in english , but i would definitely say in a preponderance of cases you are right . 
  it does not matter . 
  i 'm just trying to throw anything that sticks at him because he is denying the greek army committed pogroms, 
  i 'm exaggerating of course . 
  but turkish definitely sacked a lot of the arabic and would have sacked more if they could find roots, 
  same in turkish . 
  they sacked all the arabic . 
  i 'm assuming hungarian sacked german ? 
  of which only 100k were remaining by settlement because the rest was forced out earlier . 
  well , you previously stated there were 500k muslims kicked out of greece .
