  person or people . 
  thats where it states such a thing . 
  under international law state actors are a separate entity thus when actions are directed by them its not people . 
   internationally accepted ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  did you even read it properly ? 
  the second link with the list of attacks mixes many kind of attacks , the first one is by al qaeda network , how is that related to the pkk ?????? 
  definitely , definitely !!!, 
  several ones after that list pkk attacks though . 
  its a general list , with pkk on it . 
   how ironic . 
  the best you could do , i asked . . 
  this is what you fucking had . 
  this conflict has been going on for 30 + years and you used wikipedia !, 
  again , you are ignoring the reuters , and wont let me use turkish sources ...  ok !, 
  so lets see you find 3 cases of where the turks have attacked civilians , there 's plenty , but i 'd like to see your `` zero turkish '' neutrality here . 
  lets see you find that `` crimes against humanity '' . 
  lets see how unbiased you are . 
  because `` pkk supporters [ 2 ] '' are not true kurds anymore , by that logic , they should be killed or now you suggest arrested . 
  ok , i can find both , i do not support turkish actions i just understand international law . 
  also if they fund attacks against civilians , yes they should absolutely be arrested . 
  also http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/doctor-killed-in-pkk-shooting-in-southeast-turkey------.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=87818 the h\u00fcseyin ayg\u00fcn kidnapping, 
  did you even read your own link ? 
  read the top ... also , i never said revolutions are automatically terrorism . 
  it 's just if they use violence against civilian targets , which the usa did , that it becomes terrorism . 
  that is how he defined it then again , i source times where the pkk did attack and you ignore it . 
  also i said negative three % , as a joke . 
  i am zero percent turkish . 
  and again , that definition does not include state actors . 
  the link i sent had a list , the first one is internationally accepted , and i am pointing that thy definitely use terrorism . 
  as i said , i do not deny that the turkish state has done fucked up shit morally equivalent of terrorism but it is a crime against humanity due to the legitimately monopoly of force . 
  also i do n't have scraps , again you can pretend it is not , but they have targeted civilians pkk supporters in the sense that they are directly helping . 
  if they are not active in say a battlefield arrest them . 
   first of all how many times do i need to say this ??? 
  you do n't know jack shit about the u.n. so just stop embarrassing yourself . 
  it 's not about whether a decision has not been made . 
  russia and china do not consider the pkk terrorists - the u.n. do n't consider the pkk terrorists , enough said , if they did they would be on the list by now , so stop your uneducated guesses and assumptions . 
  unscr 1267 means that basically only the taliban are and al-qaeda are on the list . 
  otherwise no terrorist organization is on a un list . 
  some of the countries do not list them sure , but a lot of the time they have not specifically ruled one way or the other . 
   so thus my response to him was completely justified . 
  his argument was that the pkk are terrorists due to claiming their actions such as `` attack\u0131ng pol\u0131cemen , soldiers , teachers , buildings , hospitals etc. 
  to realize an independent communist kurdish state . '', 
  is terrorism . 
  do you have any clue about revolutions ? 
  what about american history ? 
  but now it 's all good as long as the state does it , right ? 
  is that what you 're going to argue ? 
  pathetic really , it just goes to show your biased and double-standards . 
  the american revolution was terrorism as well . 
  the state does not do it because that is crimes against humanity . 
  morally that may be similar but not by definition . 
  states have a legitimate monopoly on force by the definition of a state , so therefor they can not use stuff illegitimatly ultimately the issue with the pkk is that they attack civilian targets , which if america , or whoever the fuck does it is not ok .  he never said whether he supports what the turkish state did ? 
  i am lost now . 
  are you referring to him to not considering turkey terrorists ? 
  that was the point of my post ... 
  he does not consider them terrorists because by definition they are not . 
  that does not mean he supports the death of kurdish civilians for simply being kurdish like you claim . 
  he supports the death of pkk , which are not all kurds . 
   so show me , where or when pkk attacks civilians purposely . 
  do you want the short or the long list ? 
  here is just a few [ one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_istanbul_bombings ) , [ two ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-turkey-attacks-timeline-iduktre79i3vn20111019 ) [ three ] ( http://www.trtworld.com/turkey/pkk-terror-attacks-damage-seven-schools-in-turkeys-east-8724 )  gain , so where did you get that i tried to justify killing civilians ? 
  where are you getting that attacking civilians is ok ? 
  your ignorance whenever they brought up and whataboutism is a strong sign that you think it is justified , same with a demand for evidence from international sources that you will likely claim is fake . 
   again `` with the only true kurds '' , what does that even mean ? 
  so you 're pretty sure `` pkk supporters '' are valid targets you will likely claim these people are not pkk that attacked civilians , and if you dont like the pkk you are clearly just a turkish plant or something . 
  i know i 'm just bringing up my general thoughts on the subject, 
  no no no . 
  you work join us :p, 
  mass murder because you are crazy is not terrorism . 
  states are generally not included in terrorism , they fall under human rights violations , even if morally it can be the same thing , as a state is an entity that has the legitimate monopoly of force over an are . 
   is this how you think the u.n. 
  works ? ... 
  so by your logic that an organisation has not been `` voted '' in the un makes them possible terrorists until otherwise ??? 
  where did you get they `` said nothing '' . . you have no clue how it works , nor do you even seem to know what the u.n. is . . 
  seriously why are you pretending to talk about things you do not even understand ? 
  your obvious bias is just continually seeping through big time . 
  also i thought you 'd provide me with the evidenced backed case you argued . 
  no , one can make independent conclusions until then , but one can not use it for evidence either way that it is or is not terrorism . 
   so where did you get that i tried to justify killing civilians ? 
  where are you getting that attacking civilians is ok ? 
  so let me ask you think , is the pkk attacks against civilans justified , yes or no ? 
   he did voice an opinion on the subject . . 
  seriously stop posting shit without having a clue . . 
  he never said he supports what the turkish state did . 
  period . 
  stop . 
   uhh yes that was his argument . . are you serious ? 
  this is his original post  attack\u0131ng pol\u0131cemen , soldiers , teachers , buildings , hospitals etc. 
  to realize an independent communist kurdish state . 
  various governments and organizations have accepted the pkk as a terrorist group . 
  do n't know where you wan na lead this to ? 
  bet you would n't feel safe with these people in your neighborhood : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxqmyri8ugk[1] uhhhh , what ? 
  where did you get that from . 
   first of all , the eu is a member of the un , not the other way around . 
  do n't simplify it , describing it as `` silence '' . . 
  i was not the one who first decided to say `` various governments and organizations have accepted the pkk as a terrorist group . '', 
  as a justification of convincing my argument with just that . . 
  he was , so now i 've mentioned other `` variance governments and organisations '' who do n't , so why are you deciding my argument is not good enough , but his was ? 
  way to show your bias .
