  wait you guyz are not russians !?!, 
  yeah trust me . 
  i work with an exchange problem who sends people to turkey ( in ` murica ) and you would be shocked at the amount of people who think turkey = afghanistan, 
  it also affected european civilians ? 
  there are 100 reasons . 
  erdogan did not kill it , he suppressed it.give it a decade and it will come back out, 
  because it literally took place in europe ? 
  then you missed a lot . 
  western vs eastern turkey are quite different . 
  it 's a generalization but it 's a general true one . 
  rural , especially eastern turks do n't internet , or at least do n't get their news from the internet, 
  by accident . 
  this means it is not likely their mode of operations as it was not directly targeted towards civilians, 
  claim a splinter group , but still have the effect . 
  i would put my money on tak though . 
  this guy is a pkk supporter and i believe a kurd . 
  take what he says with the whole contents of the salt shaker, 
  that has been going on for years . 
  the akp controls the rural papers and the rurals do n't internet edit : talking in turkey generally, 
  security is already super strict in turkey . 
  ca n't improve it much, 
  proving this right yet again https://i.imgur.com/sw7xclr.jpg, 
  he never said that . 
  but there is more than one kurdish terrorist group . 
  kurdish hezbolla , tak , pkk , ect, 
  way to prove this right asshole https://i.imgur.com/sw7xclr.jpg, 
  but thats the point , even if they dont choose the ideology , it does influence them and make a huge impact . 
  its complicated as fuck , but the main thing you have to know , is despite often appearing quite liberal with the parties they vote for , they are in fact much more like the `` quran toeing '' stereotype . 
  it has to do with kurdish centric parties , and how leftists refuse to vote right but not the other way around . 
   `` there 's no russians in our hotel !, 
  ! 11 ive heard of `` no russian '' hotels in thailand , fuck , it might even boost tourism in the long run . 
  im referring to how the `` same '' people ( germans ) who had been united previously , when divided ( east vs west germany ) will develop different political ideologies . 
  im sure you have seen the political divide maps , but its more a comparison with the closest equivalent . 
  the political divide between east and west was the reference, 
  different situation . 
  hundred years across a border and it can have a significant effect on the ideology of the population . 
  look at germany . 
  kurds in turkey are super conservative . 
  not to say that it 's impossible but most likely scenario, 
  because the turkish state tolerates the illegals currently and could end tolerance ? 
  it 's rhetorical anyway, 
  it 's currently leaning pretty heavily towards autonomy in turkey , but yeah , definitely, 
  the grey wolves are tied to the mhp , the short bus of political parties in turkey currently, 
  it 's got the potential . 
  remember sochi , which is in the same areaish is tropical in weather, 
  you should probably edit your original post to say russia instead of they, 
  probably one of the best historic examples . 
  another relevant one to this thread is ataturk, 
  i know a thai girl , and it was hilarious/sad when i asked her about the time one of their boy bands dressed up as hitler and she was just like `` yeah so '', 
  watch him be an american swede . . 
  look up hitler thailand, 
  and here comes the racism, 
  and i will upvote you out of spite . 
  wait what ? 
  now time to get out your santa shit a week after everybody else, 
  fir areas , demilitarized zones, 
  actually yes , the motive changed . 
  at first turkey thought that it could only get people to back it on the initial invasion , but when they realized nobody gave a fuck , well fuck it . 
  plus it was forced to in part due to democratization pressures . 
  same reasons as you listed above for istanbul, 
  exactly , the initial invasion was justified , it was everything else including the second phase that was problematic, 
  which makes sense , from a realpolitik perspective . 
  they do n't want a greek lake . 
  turkey should have let the plane just bomb istanbul . 
  do n't risk it bro !, 
  it 's just a prank, 
  uhh , he has gotten less that 50 % in all of the parliamentary elections . 
  the presidential election had a low turnout out of protest, 
  with a lot of them , no but there 's a few, 
  entirely possible depending if they did not currently culturally translate it because in turkish foreign language is foreigner language, 
  my understanding is that is what a lot of names used to be , but the every day word would change while the name would not . 
  place names and proper nouns are much more `` sticky '' therefor germany and whatnot often do have names with such a meaning , it 's just not as obvious as turkish because turkification was much more recent, 
  my sis is a minnesotan living in finland . 
  she will often send me pictures and guess which one is finland and which is minnesota . 
  i 'm about 50-50, 
  my guess is honestly they did not count the kurds at all because the number there is in estimation with the number of english speakers in turkey period, 
  is it counted though ? 
  this 's the question here, 
  are you being oppressed ? 
  look , even actual armenians would think you are nuts mate, 
  which i understand . 
  but these are first languages with turkish being a second language from different language families . 
  some of these are chinese to what norwegian is . 
  not danish to what norwegian is . 
  it 's also full fluency . 
  not partial fluency, 
  this is sourced to sputnik news . 
  garbage source . 
   that sucks , but are n't both republicans and democrats in us ultra secular as well , despite most politicians being religious ? 
  i find this weird that secularism works only in us where the majority of voters are religious . 
  that is weird ehhh , republicans are pretty religious and especially nowadays like to infuse the religion and politics . 
  that historically was not the case because the religious were part of the democratic voter base , but since the use of the southern strategy republicans have become religious . 
  notice the word perception . 
  im not saying i agree , im just saying that is what the data says . 
   so islam is the problem here , even though moderate muslims are mostly peaceful , they are oblivious about the real harms of a religious society , and the people exploiting religious people to gain political power . 
  no , it becomes an issue of the chp and the like doing shit like banning headscarves . 
  they may not like the akp , but when the choice is shit without banning deeply held religious beliefs and shit with banning deeply held religious beliefs ( all from their perception ) there you go . 
  if the mhp were not such a mess this would not be the issue . 
  it still feels underestimated , but due to the turkish state, 
  not really , the vast majority also know turkish .
