  i never said i was better and what does that even mean ? 
  i 'm not the one defining terrorism based on my bias . 
  i never came in here responding to an article that is about ` erdo\u011fan vows kurdish rebels ` will be buried in trenches they have dug ' , only to respond with whataboutisim by talking about pkk activisms in the past , but then blamed with whataboutism when i responded to that person who was being hypocritical . 
  you tried to silence my views and completely downplay everything i said . 
  except he never said that , he said terrorist ? 
  just because you never said `` i hate everything abut turks '' does not mean that you dont hate them . 
  read between the lines, 
  lets see , you dont consider turks to be able to be cypriots ...  [ these things are cypriot , that is , greek.hellenize yourself and you 'll become cypriot.if you want to retain your muslim faith and turkish language , you 're obviously a turkish nationalist so there 's nothing cypriot about you other than the fact that you live in cyprus which of course means nothing since you do n't share a cultural continuity with the other cypriots who do . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3x7ica/un_chief_says_agreement_to_reunify_cyprus_is/cy79igd )  [ europe should do a crusade to conquer the muslims and bring them closer to peace , stability and jesus.in time the natives will thank us . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3mszg0/putin_do_you_realize_what_you_have_done_putin/cvi8tbo )  [ \\ [ turkey is a \\ ] typical muslim nation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3r3htw/turkish_election_result_discussion_thread/cwkqjcc ), 
  probably , yeah . 
  i really dont think he wanted to annex the entire island . 
  well yes and no , the reason enosis was a problem is because they felt that greek culture should be the hegemonic culture on cyprus , rather than it being multicultural . 
  while enosis is dead , the greek culture is hegemonic sentiment is not . 
  non native speaker , but can understand it quite well . 
  well , a native speaker at least , he was pretty bad . 
  some common mistakes like not clear annunciation of the \u00fc / \u00f6 sounds , does not enunciate clearly , you need to be extremely clear with stuff in turkish , and overall it looks like he was taught to speak it but does not know it without help, 
  well , i 'm exaggerating for effect , but i 'm speaking in the more `` it wo n't happen if '' terms, 
   does n't , because ethnic tensions are not always lethal and can come in a variety of forms . 
  there will be ethnic tension and definitely anti-turkish sentiment , the latter definitely for a very long time , but it is n't a big deal . 
  but if it returns at a significant risk ( as opposed to it being a 1/1000 ,000,0 chance ) turks wont be willing to take the chance . 
  it depends on the force ( kill you vs slight stomach ace ) and the chance . 
  if stuff is on the lower end , rather than the higher end then turks will take the risk . 
  i dont live on the island so i cant speak to the exact percentage , but they dont want a return to status quo anti bellum . 
   there is no such sentiment . 
  cyprus is cyprus , greece is greece . 
  there is the idea of ethnic homogeneity , but not an idea of enosis . 
  which is entirely why enosis was unpalatable in the first place . 
  ethnic homogeneity is the entire reason enosis was problematic for turks . 
   there are more greek cypriots than turkish cypriots this wo n't change . 
  they will always be a minority , even if they are sizeable , no one can change this . 
  you missed the point of the second part . 
  it is not that they are part of the island and as much a cypriot as a greek , but more that they are simply tolerated rather than accepted, 
  i think they are just edited versions post peer review , does not matter . 
  and i have to run but send me a message later today because im on my phone for a bit and otherwise i will forget, 
  and i thought my turkish accent was bad ... 
  well yeah , the big migration happened in 63 but it was still a slow building of ethnic tensions and small scale migration . 
  i mean look at the difference between 46 and 60 . 
  and there was still small scale migration post 63 , although granted , the vast majority was then . 
  then 74 . 
  pm only and ill have to strip personal information . 
  its a pretty basic college level paper , its just analyzing why putins pull a ukraine so to speak . 
  basically all you really need to understand it is find a copy of `` democratization and the danger of war '' by edward d. mansfield and jack snyder online , they are fairly easy to find a non paywall because it is such a famous paper . 
  then you can sum up why turkey invaded in the fact that it still saw cyprus as part of anatolia , and the most important reason , it was only 6 months back into democracy . 
  i know , im not disagreeing , i 'm just giving more context to the fact that it was not like it was super ethnically diverse until the turks invaded , it was a gradual process that culminated with the invasion . 
  because you have said various times in the past that you hate turks ? 
  no , they invaded for get a reasonable settlement . 
  they dont care about annexation , they care about a strong settlement in their favor . 
  because then an agreement would have had to have been worked out , and turkey would have faced serious pressure to make it reasonable . 
  rather than history where neither side faced serious pressure to work it out or make reasonable demands . 
  to be fair to your to be fair , that was already happening before , the inter ethnic violence caused the communities to segregate . 
  i mean look at [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/cyprus-distribution-1891-1931.jpg ) and this , you know , fairly peaceful under the early part of british rule to [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/cyprus-distribution-1946-1973.jpg ), 
  well if we can do it to spite romania , then lets do a revote :p, 
  a probably is not exactly a ringing endorsement . 
  i hate to use the bowl of m&m analogy here because it is often used to support bigotry , but i think it does apply rather well . 
  the analogy goes like this for those not in the loop : imagine a bowl of m&m s. 10 % of them are poisoned . 
  go ahead , eat a handful of them . 
  after all , they are not all poisonous !, 
  as long as there is a significant sentiment of a pro-enosis strain which includes no need for enosis , but rather a sentiment that it is a greek island first , with a turkish minority present , there will be issues . 
  it is going to take some strong guarantees that history will not repeat itself to get turks to agree . 
  here is a behind the scenes , looks like he is trying but is struggling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9nxq20l9to, 
  but but muh vowel harmony ... 
  so you do support ethnic cleansing ... ? 
  yes or no . 
   it 's ironic you speak of unfairness when you refuse to label terrorism acts as terrorism , but try to label it as `` war crimes '' or `` crimes against humanity '' or whatever bullshit you 're willing to spin it as , i literally said it is easy to fucking argue that it is a moral equivalent aka they are the same morally , but legally different  oh but what 's unfair to you is that the pkk have not been labelled terrorists collectively by the united nations . 
  im not saying its unfair , im saying they cant be due to how the un works . 
   t 's like basically one day arguing that states ca n't ethnically cleanse , because technically they have a `` monopoly '' . 
  that is what you consider unfair . 
  nope , not at all , because ethnically cleansing does include the state in its definition . 
   `` what is clear and what we can all agree on is any deliberate attack on innocent civilians , regardless of one 's cause , is unacceptable and fits into the definition of terrorism . 
  but he excludes states still . 
   to sum it up , turkey are not fighting the pkk guerrillas here in these towns and cities in kurdish areas , but ydg-h militia , a youth wing close to pkk . 
  so the same organization , but you are going to draw a distinction for some reason ? 
  sounds familiar . 
  ydg-h are not out there killing civilians , if that was the case or they were not wanted , the civilians would be making a lot of noise and the turkish media would be all over it like flies . 
  they are , but you refuse to recognize turkish media reports . 
  i can cite various turkish media reports of the pkk attacking civilians ...  when actually the ydg-h targets tsk with light weapons while tsk targeting neighborhoods indiscriminately , causing civilian deaths . 
  if i can acknowledged that nowadays the pkk focuses less attacks on civilians , you should be able to acknowledge that the turkish government has pulled back on stuff too . 
  but im sure the village guard is legitimately a part of the turkish government but not any splinter groups of the pkk , even if the pkk itself has attacked civilians . 
   what is unfair is when you link an article of the pkk killing a civilian at a checkpoint due to the civilian speeding into the checkpoint , but do n't give a shit about civilians being indiscriminately killed daily with these curfews and oppression . . 
  i do care , but it is not daily , it is more monthly , and not indiscriminately . 
  they are often killed for similar reasons the speeding dude is killed . 
  i support democratic initiatives for independence , but the pkk is a shit organizaiton for its attacks against civilians . 
   the thing is , i can tell you 're a turk from the obvious completely biased one sided arguments and logic you use . 
  because i totally hate the kurds with all the fibers of my being , thats why i want to genocide them ... oh wait i want them to have a democratic vote for independence or autonomy ...  . 
  no neutral person or `` educated on the topic '' would or has ever come with the things you 've said , the only people ever to do are turks . 
  if by neutral person you mean people who just read pkk propaganda pieces by uneducated westerners who dont understand the history behind them then yes . 
   so unless you 've been brainwashed by one who 's fed you this crap , or you 're just a typical turk who has this genius idea that pretending to be american is somehow easier to convince other readers into following your narrative . . whatever you are and buying into the turkish discourse you are not neutral . 
  period . 
  lets just assume i am for a moment ? 
  play a theoretical that i have an overwhelmingly strong turkish bias , when at best i have a slight one . 
  what makes you any better then ? 
  well , it was more a rhetorical the junta controlled the island and the junta was controlled by greece . 
  no , you have mentioned other times , such as your support for the ethnic cleansing of muslims thracians . 
  im not arguing that they did not have larger goals , i wrote a fucking paper on the fact that they used the war due to the democratizing regime in turkey at the time . 
  but that goal may have been a rework in the constitutional order , rather than just imperialism . 
  but with turkish backing , as clearly the greeks would attempt to reduce turkish influence , rather than guarantee it , if left to their own devices . 
  oh no ; this dude is not just anti turkish . 
  this dude pretty much supports ethnic cleansing as long as it is against turks . 
  he is racist beyond belief , a parody of a greek nationalist,
