  is it particularly likely though ? 
  no , thy constantly bitch about the economic isolation, 
  they are not just kurds . 
  that 's like saying democrats = americans . 
  it 's not all americans, 
  except that is not why it is in nato . 
  the dardanelles is the reason, 
  that 's a lot more assumptions than the first though, 
  can the same be said with the inverse ? 
  obviously not quite as common due to smaller population , but is it common ? 
  well , i tend to like the northern cyprus census , because why would they lie about population . 
  voting lists and other ways of checking have been done before and they dont make up more than 50 % , so a max like 150k, 
  [ well , that was not always the case , to be fair ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jjtqdxl.jpg ), 
  well , i 'm sure there are some eteocypriot decadents in there as well , to be fair . 
  [ it follows the borders more or less completely . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/cyprus_districts_named.png ) [ here are some older ones though ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jjtqdxl.jpg ), 
  i mean lets just trust the cypriot census , they think they are an independent country so why would they lie about their numbers ? 
  about half sounds right , if that . 
  to be fair , those were a very small minority of muslims vs christians , something like 2-5 %, 
  yep , this is even not natural , this is how they segregated over time http://i.imgur.com/jjtqdxl.jpg, 
  about half live abroad actually according to the north 's government . 
  so , about 250k, 
  no , because they pushed for settlement in the north specifically . 
  you know what i give up, 
  it 's colonization . 
  you gave it the negative connotation , i emphasized it was not that negative, 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  and it was a mixed area , you can still for example colonize jerusalem while there is still jews there previously . 
  look , i 'm not saying greece is hitler , but like everything people make mistakes, 
  ok , but it probably increase the emigration rate , simply to colonize . 
  well we will have to agree to disagree i guess . 
  probably spread out the refugees more so that they would face less economic hardship causing less to go onto america ? 
  it was taking advantage of a specific situation though to try and use it to colonize . 
  again , its not like `` omg literally hitler '' but they did do some stuff with a specific intention here . 
  sure , but it was not just fill in the extra homes and spread them out evenly , it was basically put them all in a specific area . 
  ie colonization . 
  the sugun policy was all around through , it aimed to make sure that nobody had a strong majority in any area . 
  why not both ? 
  also you realized they killed disabled people right ? 
  and communists ? 
  is communism now a racial thing ? 
  opel for germany , and fucking everything for france . 
  seriously , ibm for a specific example, 
  depends on the context . 
  mexicans probably care the least . 
  colombians and argentinians have a real stick up their ass about it, 
  yeah but you guys do n't have a stick up your ass about it, 
  i 'm simplifying for an international audience , turkish politics is complicated, 
  who said i do n't have a problem with christian dickbags, 
  yeah , i know , but the party it leftist with kurdish support despite the composure being more conservative , same with the chp . 
  basically unlike europe , they see america as one continent ( as opposed to : the americas ) . 
  thus the united staters are stealing their name ( never mind that we got first dibs ) when we are all americans , and when you refer to a united stater as just an american that does not make sense . 
  or something they just have an inferiority complex about it imo, 
  well the greeks did aim to displace the jewish majority and did things like encourage refugees from turkey to settle in west thrace and thessaloniki in order to greekify the population ( although in part that was due to empty homes due to displacement of turks , granted ) . 
  the jews also faced some reprisals post balkan wars , as they were seen as allies of the ottomans , although that attitude quickly changed . 
  the greeks were not anti semites or anything like that , but compared to the ottoman empire they were less tolerant , granted not by much . 
  it 's a weird situation , i do n't want to make it sound like the greeks were terrible , they were honestly exceptional for their treatment of jews for the time , but compared to the ottomans they were less tolerant . 
  obviously when you get to the metaxas regime that is a different story though . 
  no , its my way of poking back at them because mexico 's official name is the united mexican states , and since they call us united staters . 
  i would call it more of a directed settlement , but yeah you are right, 
  its a kurdish nationalist left wing party that has some kurdish conservative support . 
  the chp is a turkish nationalist left wing party that has some turkish conservative support . 
  of course they are not the same thing but if you cant see the parallels well , i mean come on . 
  eh , my way of making fun of them is i make a habit of calling mexicans united staters as well because they are not the only united states , it works so much better . 
  plus its hilarious, 
  no , you idiot , they are asking for an alternative meal on pork days , or no pork if that can not be the case . 
  they dont care if people get pork , but they dont want their only option to be pork , and are against a rule that bans people from not serving pork . 
  who is the 5 year guy , ca n't tell what the flag is . 
  seriously , it was essentially the pre israel israel , at least during the ottoman era , the jewish influence was definitely supplanted by greek but it was not erased until the holocaust, 
  i would i not recommend saying that america refers to the usa though , the southies will probably try to bite your head off . 
  i 've been called a united staters by so many united mexican staters it 's not even funny, 
  most of the non finnic minorities are increasing in their republics but specifically for the finnic languages they are getting hit hard . 
  the same way that the expulsions in the sudetenland was overlooked when the czechs joined the eu . 
  armenia is not in and wo n't join anything soon because they are a vassal of russia , so if it is being used to block it is purely a cover story . 
  people do n't care enough , sorry, 
  no , because this is clearly targeted . 
  discrimination requires intent . 
  this is a law requiring them to on occasion to serve pork ( read : they could before but we 're not required ) . 
  since the cost difference is not significant for having another option for a meal it 's clearly intent to discriminate . 
  in your case they are not trying to discriminate against . 
  and row not like you can only eat pork, 
  i work in an industrial kick ten : bullocks , maybe 30 euro extra with a decent sized kitchen , which may sound like a lot but if you are serving say 2500 euro worth of food , it 's not a lot . 
  honestly i would just avoid using analogies on reddit . 
  this site is based around nitpicking , and idiots will try to use that to ignore the intent of the analogy . 
  it 's like ... jk but seriously though, 
  nobody here is asking for halal meat , seriously ; just pork free, 
  oh my god they are not fucking asking for that . 
  they are not asking for halal meat , it 's called moderate muslims . 
  did you stone any gay people today ? 
  of course , i know that there could be a leadership spill , just like how the kurds could go more conservative looking at their voter base , but for the moment it makes sense to say social democrats . 
  but yeah the party would fracture so fast with a lower threshold, 
  high volume . 
  plus it 's a lot more in liras , like 50-100, 
  they wo n't have a choice in turkeys case sadly , they will kick them the fuck out in a heartbeat . 
  or at a minimum no citizenship, 
  no , halal meat is imposed by sharia law . 
  they are not following sharia law by eating non halal meat . 
  turkey is weird , the government controls the sermons given out at mosques . 
  it is secular , but it has a strong hand in the religion , so it is more church subordinated to state . 
  but when the state becomes controlled by islamist dickbags , problems come,
