  so basically just a yabanci with an interest in the country . 
  although to be fair , there is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polonezk%c3%b6y ), 
  i think youre missing my point . 
  understanding the culture and understanding the language often do hand and hand , and understanding where the culture is in the world results from that . 
  i know greece and turkey are similar because i am antiquated with turkish culture , and realize its not some alien thing . 
  i dont mean it in the sense that culture and language are inseparable . 
  i think we agree , just are mincing words . 
  i know , but culture and language are linked in many ways :p i would hope somebody who speaks the language would at least be vaguely familiar with the countries that speak it . 
  dude , i speak turkish ( northern european ancestors though ) i know pretty well :p, 
  fair enough , although i think most people realize that there is a bit of turkey in europe , its just `` non european '' for some reason . 
  thats why i said what i said . 
  fair enough . . ? 
  it may not have been clear but i was talking regime, 
  well how the fuck did you get `` give it back to azerbaijan '' from my original comment then . 
  its literally just about how the leader of azerbaijan would like it for stability , nothing about if it is right or not . 
  ok , but dont say that there is no solution , there are many ways this can change . 
  neither side liked the status quo and were fighting each other in cyprus ... 
  so yeah , something had to change . 
  literally most overplayed comment herec, 
  an overthrow of the azeri dictator ? 
  throughout the various post war negotiations , that has been their position . 
  no corridor , but essentially huge levels of autonomy . 
  of course the difficulty is if that is a fib , if the nkr would accept that even if true , and can it be maintained . 
  now , obviously during the war they revoke autonomy , but other than a brief territory swap discussion , this has been the position of the azerbaijani government in the post war era . 
  regardless of what you said otherwise , that was one of the plans , a corridor for a corridor talked about a little bit after the war . 
  too bad it fell through, 
   i mentioned nagorno-karabakh , not all allegedly occupied regions . 
  if you want to get into details of which ethnicities lived where then much of azerbaijan was also armenian given the fact that the area in dispute is also the surrounding occupied regions , it is important to note . 
  a lie by omission is still a lie . 
   why are you complaining about ethnic cleansings and ` massacres ' when it was a two-way street , and when azerbaijan was doing this first ? 
  it 's a war which azeris started , they ca n't complain about azeris expelled when they themselves expelled armenians from their homes even before the nk independence war started . 
  yes , because the azeris are the fucking borg , there is no such thing as individualism is azeri culture . 
  also , it was a slow escalation . 
  its not like the nkr exists , then massacres , it was a slow escalation . 
  and kosovo violated international law according to a lot of people . 
  because massacres have a strategic value in war ... 
  not really , the referendum did not involve the azeri population , and international law is pretty clear on the subject . 
  im pro independence , but dude , you really seem misinformed on the issue . 
   it 's not completely accurate to describe nagorno-karabakh as ` armenian occupied azerbaijan ' . 
  its also not accurate to describe the occupied regions as majority armenian , when they were majority azeri . 
  the nagorno-karabakh republic was majority armenian , but the surrounding regions had like 3-4 times the population of the republic and were overwhelming azeri . 
  your statement also avoids that in their struggle for independence , they massacres and ethnically cleansed a shit ton of azeris . 
  also , it was because of mistreatment they decided to separate , the massacres did not start until the independence war . 
  this war is complicated as shit , and a lot of people are misinformed , so you need to really be careful how you phrase things . 
  as the famous quote goes : this is bullshit - you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion, 
  its complicated , best compared to the cyprus issue . 
  basically , post ww1 , in an attempt to bribe turkey , azerbaijan was awarded the karabakh region , which was mostly azeri , but with a large pocket of armenians in the middle . 
  it easily could have become part of armenia , through a corridor , but it was not . 
  armenians were pissed , but they were given an autonomous republic within azerbaijan , so it went on during the ussr . 
  azeri authorities are not great though , they mistreat the minority , and bring in azeri settlers to try and shift demographics now , breakup of the soviet union . 
  the armenian majority votes for independence . 
  azeri government says hell no , revokes autonomy , war starts . 
  nasty war , pogroms on both sides , massacres , the whole 9 yards . 
  obviously , the armenian community at least deserves autonomy . 
  eventually , the armenian republic joins in as well , how early is up for debate . 
  they kick azerbaijans ass , take the autonomous republic , and through a combination of ethnic cleansing and the azeri population fleeing in persecution , some 800k azeris leave the region and armenia proper . 
  the region is depopulated , except for the 150k armenians living in the area . 
  a fair amount of the armenian refugees from the rest of azerbaijan also flee to the area , known as nagorno-karabakh . 
  they settle down there . 
  as a result of the war loss , the current azeri dictator rises to power . 
  nowadays , azeris are pressing for an autonomous republic within azerbaijan , armenians want a free republic connected to armenia via corridor , and the nkr wants to just annex the whole region . 
  the nkr they are fine with giving up land to settle , although they are the least uncomfortable with the current situation . 
  turkey is blockading armenia over this issue ( not the armenian genocide , as is popular though ) . 
  azerbaijan is getting ` dat oil money , so they are rearming . 
  azeri refugees want to go home , obviously . 
  looks like they may be finally launching a reconquest attack , likely to secure the azeri dictator 's power , as unrest is starting to grow in azerbaijan . 
  the thing is it would be a huge boost for stability to get the region back for the current dictatorship . 
  its the reason it rose to power in the first place , and getting the region back would help suppress growing dissent . 
  dude , you have to be kidding me . 
  this is a conflict where both ides are not saints , but they tried to strip autonomy , they settled people in order to shift demographics and so on . 
  not accurate . 
  part of the occupied area was ethnically armenian , [ but the occupied region surrounding it was ethnically azerbaijani ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/nkr_locator.png ) . 
  and its not like it was small pocket either , the surrounding regions had like 3-4 times the population of the armenian region . 
  its why azerbaijan has the highest number of internally displaced refugees in the world . 
  the war is complicated as shit , and your simplifications are pretty much what you get after a decades long disinformation campaign on the subject . 
  by both sides i might add , but the armenians trounced the azeris at the propaganda campaign . 
  fuck just look back at the original campaign , it was portrayed as christian vs muslim , when the azeris are irreligious as shit . 
  the azerbaijanis are not great , but its a lot like what went on in cyprus . 
  yes , the greeks were mistreating the turks , and something had to change . 
  but that does not excuse ethnic cleansing of a mostly azeri area with armenian pockets . 
  did they complain about the idea of patriotism or something ? 
  disregarding all that other bs , how is the russian plane related exactly ? 
  it has changed , but it is a lot slower to regress and at least will hopefully take less time to go back to the status quo ante vellum, 
  so where the fuck am i wrong ? 
  this sounds like na oh shit i do n't have an argument moment to me, 
   why are you quoting this ? 
  do you believe this was a sincere way to reach out to armenian people , or was it an act of provocation to spread hate ? 
  you know the answer . 
  its to spread denial . 
  again , important distinction , while they are acting like pricks , i dont deny that , they were not celebrating the genocide , they were protesting for genocide denial . 
   do you even know what you 're writing ? 
  a more comparable scenario is if germany denied the holocaust , and germans went to every annual holocaust memorial day to dance while waving german flags and shouting abuse like `` jewish women love german men '' and `` stop jewish terrorism '' . 
  even that is a flawed comparison , its more of a rwanda comparison , or a bosnia comparison . 
  however the point remains , they are not celebrating the genocide , they are protesting for genocide denial . 
   every year turks go out on the streets to celebrate the armenian genocide on the same day armenians go out to mourn it . 
  i have provided photographic and video evidence which nobody would interpret as anything but a celebration . 
  you need to do something more useful with your time than everyday defending everything turks do , even against overwhelming evidence . 
  apparently every protest is a celebration now . 
  protesting against palestinian bombings ? 
  that means you celebrate israel .
