  til shia islam does not exist , and is unorthodox . 
   a significant number of orthodox muslims regard the quran as the final revelation , not to be superseded , and not to be developed . 
  if you want to argue with them as to why other more flexible types are just as orthodox , go ahead . 
  a significant amount , ok not all . 
  some believe in flexibility . 
   and yet , you 're willing to vouchsafe the orthodoxy of muslims like suleiman . 
  the fact that you 're not even muslim explains that , i guess , and explains much of your other lapses and false equivalences . 
  but useful idiots will be useful , i guess , regardless of the ideology . 
  thanks asshole . 
  also , you have yet to prove to refute the fact that jews were not influential in the ottoman empire . 
  if you go want to argue with ottoman history scholars , go on ahead . 
  but you just distracted from the original point and are name calling now that you did not refute the argument . 
  if you want i can start pulling up scholarly journals . 
   in which case you could well make a claim that massive bigotry is consistent with orthodox catholicism . 
  alas , allowing jews to rule over muslims will outrage a significant portion of the islamic faithful as being unorthodox and a clear violation of the quran , not to mention the hadith . 
  where are you seeing american muslims claim that bernie cant win again ? 
   having a jewish public official is anti-biblical . 
  not only are the two sets of texts different in that regard , the status of those texts within their respective religions is different as well ( i.e. 
  the quran , a much more explicit text regarding political order , is alleged to be the final revelation that is not subject to development . ), 
  again , where is the bernie hate among muslims ? 
  also , same applies for christians too you realize , yet here we are . 
   if your favorite flavor of islam has no problem with that , that 's sweet , but it 's not the landscape we live on today , and getting into a semantic issue of what real islam is gets us far beyond the discussion at hand . 
  im not a muslim . 
  uhhh ? 
  what ? 
  i find the pope to be orthodox and he is also a massive bigot , does not mean all catholics are . 
  the ottomans were not very orthodox ? 
  what are you on ? 
  just because they did not follow hanbali islam does not make them unislamic . 
  they were very orthodox , there are just different schools of islam just like there are sects of christianity . 
  i mean luther was a massive anti semite, 
  exactly , its like , there are plenty of actual examples of antisemitism , dont make shit up . 
  [ as opposed to making them pay taxes in the christian world ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taxation_of_the_jews ) pretty much all of the abrahamic countries with jews taxes them an extra amount . 
  granted it was maybe less consistent than the muslim poll tax but it happened almost like clockwork  was n't like jews and muslim arabs lived in a utopia then popped up israel to fuck it up for everyone . 
  i never said that . 
  you can claim i said that , but then you would be wrong . 
  i totally agree in both world they were shit , but the muslim world was more of a covered in shit while the christian world was forcibly submerged into a septic tank . 
   uite honestly , if the arabs ca n't accept israel that 's their problem because it 's not going anywhere and jews will not be allies with them if they ca n't recognize an entity that the majority of jews support . 
  ok , never said that either . 
  but the origin of antisemitism related to the settler colonial policy that lead to the creation of israel . 
  youre right , its here to stay , but to pretend it is not caused by israel is pretty false . 
   to the quran , jews started out as people held at high regard , but the jews did n't accept mohammed as a messiah for obvious reasons , so mohammed and therefore islam began hating them . 
  ignoring the variable policy across the muslim world towards jews , kay . 
   on the contrary , their ability to rise to rise to the rank of royal moneylenders ( and later , tax collectors , estate officials , and other positions of relative status ) , which was affirmed and reaffirmed in numerous clerical and other legal decrees , meant that their lot was typically considerably a better one than that of the peasants , which led to some of the worst pogroms ( and generalized anti-semitism ) . 
  and the same happened in the middle east , particularly the ottoman empire . 
   ut had these jews never been allowed to rise as they were ( i.e. 
  perpetually held down for all time as was explicitly mandated in the quran ) , not true , the jews were extremely influential during the early ottoman empire . 
  the reason the jews were not as influential as they were , in say germany or whatever during the late period is that the greeks and armenians were able to replace them as traders due to ties with the west . 
  however , that was not directed by the ottomans , that was socioeconomic . 
   egardless , the strategy of preventing pogroms by preventing jews from ever rising in the first place is a dubious one , as is the rhetorical trick of comparing anti-semitism in europe and the islamic world without pointing out what 's behind the differences . 
  except the jews filled a similar role up until the 18th century or so . 
  they were definitely subjects and relegated to a lower status , just like they were in the islamic world . 
  the difference is that they could be rich for a few centuries and avoid a pogrom while europeans tended to use them like their own little piggy bank to smash when they needed money . 
  jews faced the same treatment they just lacked the religious framework for not killing them all in the christian world . 
  im not disagreeing , but just because antisemitism is a thing does not mean the quotes are not out of context . 
  the balkan wars . 
  the 1900s one . 
  you are thinking of the yugoslav wars, 
  wait , you 're saying people lied for sensationalism !, 
  shocking, 
  because having a bunch of refugees pile up totally wo n't turn this countries into lebanons . 
  you need to provide economic development and opportunity for these people at home , refugee camps mean they will just leave . 
  we are not aussie . 
  you also have potential routes into through russia . 
  i 'm not talking migrants , i 'm taking terrorists . 
  closing the borders , taking decent amounts and making sure refugees are taken care of is what we need to do . 
  just closing down the border wo n't do much when the areas are a mess and in anarchy, 
  you would be kidding yourself if you think you can totally close down s border as big as europe 's . 
  look at america . 
  i 'm not saying that closing down the border is not part of the solution , but saying fuck you we got mine is also not the solution . 
  even so , culture will take a while to change . 
  which , as i said may end up biting you in the ass as a policy decision as you will get more isis bastards and radicalization, 
  yall even had some anti semitic attacks against them during the wars of liberation as a result . 
  which is true , but another problem is people need hope , need a future . 
  im not saying this in some fruity hippy manner , but people without it , like for example in the turkish camps , will relentlessly seek it . 
  shutting down the border wont do a ton , they will just end of joining isis at that point . 
  and before you say that well we dont want them if they are an isis risk , there is a small percentage of any society that will join radical groups . 
  these could be gangs , they could be isis , they could be stuff like black lives matter or la raza here in the united states . 
  but without hope , more people go towards radical things , which will push them towards militant islam . 
  if we shut the border down and provide no alternative narrative , for example a theoretical `` turkey will integrate you guys '' rather than just kicking them out as soon as the war is over , that will lead to a lot more radicalizing . 
  isis is supported in large part because it provides stability , shutting it down and providing no alternative is not a solution either . 
  now , the current situation is not great either , but equal and opposite will cause a shit ton of problems as well . 
  im not arguing that there is no discrimination in islam as an ethnic group , but when it came to the pogroms , they were not specifically targeted as an ethnic group . 
  which is less than general 22 % children on boats , 16 % women , and 40 % ish are military aged men ( some older ) . 
  the entire issue started because we half assed it . 
  we need to do something like set a quota of x percentage per month or something, 
  they actually do take large amounts , just as `` guest workers '', 
  i would argue a need for a future is pretty fundamental in humans . 
  that is what is making them leave turkey , they see no future . 
  particularly the 50 % or so of women , young children and the ilk, 
  the important word here though is discrimination as an ethnic group . 
  im not arguing it is not deeply shitty , but they are not discriminating against as an ethnic group . 
  three pig and or ape passage 5:60 - the pig and ape passage . 
  does not refer to the subset in the passage itself but at 5:59 with 5:60 and you get the context of transgressors were turned into apes and pigs . 
  sura 2:65 - refers to a specific subset of jews , those who transgress on the sabah . 
  not literal transformation per say , it is said by allah , be apes , but that could be metaphorical as well , most people tend to lead towards metaphor given the quran as a whole . 
  7:166 just a quick read two passages up 1 . subset . 
  i think this might be referring to christians and look , i know there is some fucked up things in the hadith , and there is a shit ton of stuff i personally disagree with , and there are frankly abhorrent practices . 
  but criticize that , not made up bullshit .
