  they dont hold an opinion . 
  i did not vote for local elections in america because i had work and school and you dont get time off in america . 
  that does not mean that i support or dont support the winner becuase i did not vote . 
  you are taking a lack of viocing an opinion as evidence that they are not a terrorist opinion when they have said nothing . 
  that does not prove they are not a terrorist . 
  also , you have provided no evidence as to why attacking civilians is not terrorism , please why is attacking civilians ok ? 
   secondly , i never said such a thing , do n't make up quotes like that and do n't dilute the points being made and then muddying the water . 
  there was no case or evidence used to classify them terrorists by eu for example . . 
  so please provide the evidences used by eu and then the us please seeing as how you know so much about an evidenced backed case . 
  you 're talking about legality now and then when you find that weakening you 're moving onto morality and acts that `` classify '' them as terrorists , so now how am i the hypocrite ? 
  my whole basis of argument has been labels are labels , actions are acts committed by the turks yet he does n't consider the turkish military as terrorists . 
  he never voiced an opinion on the subject , again , read the original post . 
  that does not mean he disagrees or agrees with you . 
   jeez , i 've already addressed this bs about `` whataboutism '' . 
  i ca n't be held responsible for your failures in reading and understanding the basics here . . 
  i 'm not making up `` strawman '' and seriously do n't attack my arguments with name calling , counter my arguments with facts or do n't respond . 
  and actually he does want to kill all kurds . . https://i.imgur.com/xcy9y40.png uhh , im pretty sure thats specifically pkk , and pkk supporters . 
  youre not one of those people who conflates the pkk with the only true kurds are you ? 
  im not saying thats great , by any means , but considering you took a screenshot and dont provide any original context ... well lets just say show me the money and give me a link . 
   ahh oh thank you sir , thank you , i shall keep quiet now . 
  so you are a turk wearing an american flair , who 's only reply here is because i picked up on his bullshit and addressed it . 
  for the fifth time lack of ... oh whatever , you just want an explicit statement . 
  i am a white american with exactly negative 3 % turkish ancestry . 
  i speak turkish , but also spanish , and arabic , and portuguese . 
  i dont give a fuck about kurdistan as long as whatever is done is democratic and not done via violence ( although the threat of violence in a refusal to grant a vote is fine ) . 
  stop with your conspiratard bullshit . 
   what ?!, 
  have you lost the plot or something ? 
  he is here stating they are terrorists for supposedly killing civilians and acts of terrorism hence why it 's justified to do this to civilians and to oppress kurdish areas now , but they are themselves not terrorists , he then denies the very same acts being committed now and in the past . . 
  so wait , i 'm the one doing a good job about whataboutism ? 
  consider them both as terrorists or do n't do either , if that 's their logic , so how is that even remotely whataboutism ? 
  uhhh , he literally never said that , like seriously , none of the comments here have said that , at all . 
   which was exactly my point . 
  stop using us/eu or nato classifications as terrorism to make it a fact they are terrorists . 
  i quite clearly explained why they are classified as terrorists by that military alliance - because of turkey . 
  sorry , should have been clearer with my point . 
  they meet the political grounds and such and such organizations have classed them as such is not the same `` no i 'm going to deny they attacked civilians and claim because one organization does not recognize them they are clearly not terrorists . '', 
  there is an evidence backed case , and then there is a lack of classification means that they are not . 
  silence does not mean they definitely do not see them as terrorists . 
   the eu/us does not attack or fight the pkk anywhere in iraq or syria , in fact they have provided air cover for them plenty of times so honestly who is using `` authority '' here ? 
  they have provided air support to kurdish factions but they have never supported the pkk on its own . 
  its like saying that there are fascists among the kurds so clearly america supports fascism . 
  yeah ... no  are you serious ??? 
  yes does all this make attacking civilians ok ? 
  is that what you are trying to turn this all around on ? 
  my counter argument was very obviously clear , do n't miss the point entirely and make this about me justifing the killing of civilians , i never once did . 
  and i do n't see you making comments about his complete hypocrisy and totally flawed moral compass that he 's pretending to have . . 
  yes , lets sum it up , 95 + mentions of turkish related matters in your posting history , they 're all never critical of turkey . . 
  i presume you are a turk wearing an american flair who is not here to look at this in a logical way , just pretend to criticize someone who 's standing up against this obvious oppression against kurds , using force and violence to put down their resistance . 
  you are literally making up strawman to argue that he clearly wants to kill all kurds , so your use of whataboutism to make it sound ok is really not that far out especially considering you refuse to condemn the attacks . 
   presume you are a turk wearing an american flair who is not here to look at this in a logical way , just pretend to criticize someone who 's standing up against this obvious oppression against kurds , using force and violence to put down their resistance . 
  again , stop with the conspiratard shit , i support a vote for kurdish independence , but this must be democratic and not until all the violence stops to prevent voter intimidation . 
  honestly the concept of a `` purely euro '' european union is kind of stupid imo . 
  if you have european values and are somewhat developed , why block them from joining on purely geographic grounds ? 
   you people kill civilians and leveled , burned , or forcibly evacuated more than 3,000 kurdish villages to prevent a kurdish state . . hypocrite . 
  does not that make you a hypocrite as well ? 
  also i dont see him trying to justify civilian deaths , you seem to be doing a good job with your whataboutism though . 
   the u.n. does not `` accept '' them as a terrorist `` group '' . 
  where should we lead this to ? 
  the un does not list al-shabaab as a terror group , does that mean they are not one ? 
  and while im not comparing the pkk to those guys , stop with your appeal to authority  he fact that you begged nato members to label them as terrorists and all you constantly do is go around posting in the hope that you convince your actions do not classify as terrorism , but you constantly act like the victims , pretend to have a moral compass by caring about `` teachers , buildings , hospitals etc '' , oh and lets not forget soldiers who are currently terrorising civilians , your `` traffic '' police who go around with rifles and weapons threatening and scaring kurds . 
  so that makes attacking civilians ok then ... ? 
   look at you trying to paint a false picture and play your silly narrative . . 
  if you had any education you would quite clearly see this is comparable to the revolutions that were occurring during the soviet occupation of poland , hungary , etc. 
  those videos show the same thing , people on the streets fighting and resisting . . those people are the people instead you make up lies and try to paint them as criminals - how do you even sleep at night ? 
  but we can share videos too : thats weird because most polls indicate the kurds in turkey only want autonomy not independence . 
  who is attempting to paint a false narrative now ? 
   i know you 're vote brigading and i 'm reporting you , but go ahead , use your accounts to downvote me like you 've done for the other posts , so they can all be on the radar . 
  so to sum up : logical fallacies , logical fallacies , fuck you , if you disagree with me you are a terrorist ? 
  yeah but i like single sentence phrases , and there is no god damned reason why you guys dropped that wonderful distinction . 
  azeri has it and its great . 
  yep . 
  although my shitty turkish never helps . 
  in the long term ? 
  yes . 
  but the first phase of the invasion , where they took over 3 % of the island , was absolutely justified , even if they clearly had intentions to expand occupation . 
  culture does include those however , at least in the english understanding of the word ( this is somewhat different to the turkish understanding of the word ) . 
  well , while i get what you are saying , it should be pretty clear what i am saying , basically , the two communities must tolerate each other 's differences , which in less words and approximate meaning , multiculturalism, 
  fuck ezan in the morning man , i want my damned sleep . 
  let me ask the more important question , how many people on the island , while not being necessarily pro enosis , think of cyprus as a greek island with a turkish minority rather than a multicultural island ? 
  because i think that is where the real issue will lie sure enosis may be dead , but the fear of an enosis like situation will still be there as long as that imagining of the island as primarily greek exists in large numbers . 
  well yes and no , enosis is dead in water , but the thing that make enosis unpalatable , basically basing cyprus around a greek identity rather than a multicultural one , is still very much alive to my understanding ( granted i dont live in cyprus but thats the feeling i get ) . 
  while the original political framework was garbage , the idea behind it , which is essentially , dont turn the turks of cyprus into muslim thracians is very important . 
  its not a thing ... politically , but culturally my understanding is that a fuck ton of people in cyprus think of as purely greek , or primarily greek , rather than being multicultural . 
  while i get the original setup for the island was unworkable in a lot of ways , the greeks and the turks of the island have not really embraced living together as neighbors . 
  my understanding is that the equivalent of the colloquialism `` it sounds like greek to me '' in mainland greece is either chinese or gibberish , but in cyprus it is `` it sounds like turkish '' , which does not bode well for the multicultural aspect , and with that the intervention makes sense , even if it likely was more due to democratization in turkey . 
  im not justifying what happened mind you , but cyprus really needs to figure out a workable social contract between the two before it is going to reunify to prevent bloodshed , and an understanding that they are to both tolerate each other and embrace the multiculturalism is important . 
  i would like some independence sources on this , if possible . 
  i 'm not saying your wrong , but cyprus flair and an impassioned topic makes me distrustful . 
  i dont think it was quite that conspiratorial . 
  international blockades , regardless of it was justified or not , is what impoverished cyprus . 
  you cant claim that turkey did it in purpose when well there was not exactly another choice . 
  but definitely turkey is happy with dependence . 
  sandvi\u00e7im edit : as i side note , i dislike how turkish does not do a/e/o / \u00f6 for to be and \u0131 / i / \u00fc / u for to possesion like azeri does . 
  i know there is the buffer vowel in one but not the other but i want to be able to say im a sandwich or my sandwich clearly damn it, 
  they wanted to give a fuck you after a turkish jet was shot down a few years ago 2 . 
  prevent a consensus between putin and the west on backing assad , which was happening to an extent . 
  they had warned various times and if they did the quick dart in and out turkish aircraft would be at risk for being shot down, 
  yeah , i realize , i did not know exactly how to phrase it to come across the way i wanted it to . 
  thats why i used excuse , not justification .
