  independent sources , such as your countrymen did not confirm that the warning was sent out sure , i guess it is physically possible for russia to have fucked up and for it to be an accident , but in that case they would have claimed it as such . 
  since they are covering up , the likely answer is pretty obvious, 
  wow you 're so cool justifying ethnic cleansing ... edit : also , you completely ignore the areas surrounding the nkr , which were azeri majority . 
  armenia did not occupy just the nkr, 
  it 's violates the border hundreds of times and the other jet acknowledged the turkish warning and moved south . 
  of course i could post video and you would say where is the proof but whatever, 
  inb4 somebody uses this map to circle jerk the nagorni-karabakh republic , that is after the ethnic cleansing of 500,000 azeris , and most of that land is empty and only nominally armenian , although the armenians are slowly starting to settle the area, 
  what ? 
  russia clearly did not do this by accident , also greece has not extended territorial waters which makes it different, 
  no they do n't recognize the claim because greece has not extended territorial water as well, 
  my phone autocorrected armenia to nato for some reason, 
  those original greek violations are sourced greek military which include claims that only the greeks recognize , like the airspace extension without sea extension thing, 
  i cant speak to the whole thing , but definitely there is a large amount of vioaltions . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-could-have-downed-114-planes-for-airspace-violations-army--.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=23963&amp;newscatid=338 but because greece has been pushing this a lot harder there has more english language sources ( and im honestly too damned lazy to go through the turkish web , even though i speak it ) , certainly though greece violates a lot more undisputed areas while turkey does a fair amount of `` well they dispute that area '' violations . 
  i cant speak to individual percentages and the like though, 
  turkish planes rarely violate armenia , it 's happened once or twice but not a real risk . 
  although it does make it even worse because greece violates undisputed areas far more, 
  they change it after they got shot down initially because it happened, 
  i know youre making a joke but its probably closer to shit-ler than ze hitler . 
  he forgot the \u015f , which is the sh, 
  they were not chanting allah akbar , they were chanting '' \u015fehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' = martyrs dont die , the homeland is undividable . 
  within the specific context of turkey that is a nationalistic phrase as martyr is not religious in context here , much like english there is not a differentiation between non religious and religious martyrs . 
  you 're right . 
  i should i totally just leave up factually incorrect information, 
  towards arabs in general , the arab minority is not cared about ( talking about native not syrians ) . 
  it 's more common among secularists less among akp types or kurds, 
  that will end well ... 
  no , they were mostly turks , but strong leftist sympathies and some voted for the hdp for sure, 
  poland hates gay marriage therefor sweden does guys !, 
  it 's in english . 
  correct use too . 
  yeah but it 's not an innocent women . 
  it would be like the us torturing al-quida members . 
  it 's wrong but not surprising ,, 
  half of the thread ? 
  yeah , i do n't think we disagree i 'm just dumbing stuff down for the r/europe audience, 
  yeah i 'm simplifying of course and i 'm speaking in more absolute terms but the rural peasants did not out breed the liberals, 
  you 're bringing in israel like its a valid comparison . 
  i do ask why cyprus is participating though, 
  most polls show that kurds in that area do not want independence even if you exclude all the turks , just autonomy . 
  and there are a shit ton of turks, 
  supporters of , not members of , and while hdp is nearly 100 % kurdish the hardcore commies of the turkish left vote for them, 
  ohh look , somebody else brining up the eu when turkey no longer gives a shit, 
  and bring one of the first countries to give women totally equal rights ? 
  ( not pseudo equal like in some western countries but pretty much totally equal ), 
  i mean a lot of turks nowadays are pretty neutral towards kurdistan . 
  they hate how shitty the area is but nationalism is a strip force, 
  actually turkey has always been conservative , and always voted like 30 % chp . 
  it 's just the old right fucked up , became a joke ( mhp ) and the akp took over the old right . 
  mate i have studied turkish politics , you have not, 
  biblical rule would also mean killing apostates, 
  something like 20 % of american protestants believe in biblical law, 
  cool , good thing i was not supporting what happened , i think its very gross . 
  but facts are facts , people here are claiming islam when it is nationalism . 
  who is better to speak on this topic , a person who is studying turkish politics or some random fool on the internet ? 
  i mean ffs i could write a paper about how facial hair is politicized in turkey , i hate to sound humblebraggy but i know the topic well . 
  related to the pkk getting alleged support from france actually, 
  footbal hooligans are like ultra mega shit in turkey , and thats compared to other countries . 
  turkey has issues but combined with the nationalism ( not islamism ) attitude when it comes to france 's ( alledged , but pretty likely ) support for pkk in the past , its not surprising . 
  they were booing for nationalist reasons here as they believe france has supported kurdish terrorism in turkey in the past . 
  its not islamic , its nationalistic . 
  its not religion in this case . 
  turks hate france , that is why they are booing , because they believe france has supported terrorism in turkey in the past , regardless of validity . 
  they were booing for national reasons , not islamic ones . 
  while the are assholes , they were chating `` sehitler \u00f6lmez , vatan b\u00f6l\u00fcnmez '' which is a nationalist chant , as turkish nationalists have a problem with france . 
  its complicated but related to the pkk and armenians . 
  no , most still do , or at least sympathies with like 40 % ( or was it 60 % ? 
  cant remember , but insanely high ) of hdp voters supporters favoring sharia law . 
   here you go dude . 
  10 kurds were sent to jail for financing the pkk . 
  tell your turkish nationalists . 
  [ it is far more historical than current , the french left has long had sympathy for the kurds ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20130111-kurdish-france-slain-pkk-female-turkey-sakine-cansiz-profile-legend )  congratz . 
  you killed a 59 yo woman . 
  a 29 yo woman and a 26 yo one . 
  headshots while i am not supporting the actions , osama was an old fart , does that mean he did not deserve to be killed . 
  she founded a terrorist organization that committed terrorist attacks against turkish civilians . 
  i sympathize with the kurds , but the pkk is and will not be ok . also she was tortured during a coup era , during a military dictatorship . 
  its not like the turks voted for that government . 
  they said something along the lines of `` this is what you get when you support terrorists '', 
  yeah , but europe sure as shit helped by offering visa liberalization and delaying that democracy report . 
  turkey has a lot of issues , but europe is not helping, 
  yeah , that was religion phobic though , islam vs nationalism . 
  i 'm surprised that these cats did not somehow migrate to turkey along with the people . 
  they are practically more turkish than kebab, 
  there are muslim gypsies , but it 's more a gypsy thing than a muslim thing if they were, 
  no , it has very little to do with what the west is today , the islamic golden age shows this . 
  the issue with islam is salafism , which is a relatively new movement , and still small, 
  plus tv imperialism is rather strong, 
  just a in some cases too . 
  depends on the letter that follows it , relates back to how al works in arabic, 
  never said eu , europe , as in the national governments . 
  they may not be able to stop him but they could significantly dampen him, 
  i would argue that they are working against their long term interests , but to be fair , that is quite common among democracies to only work short term, 
  i like this article manages to avoid blaming it on europe but makes clear its complicity in it all . 
  this is an internal identity crisis in turkey , but europe sure as shit is helping out the wrong side . 
  and fuck istanbul is like 60 % rural village immigrants at this point, 
  well the alevi part is not directly tied to coups like chaos in the kurdish areas and islamism is but yeah that 's pretty much the case, 
  well , like the united states , they have this idea of the founding father that may not match the reality . 
  people like him can be shaped to their own goals . 
  i do n't think many of them are like fuck ataturk , but they do n't care strongly for him .
