  this underestimates the kurdish speaking population significantly . 
  ill break it into several parts , in no particular order . 
  turkey has a 10 % threshold . 
  there are essentially 4 major parties , the akp , hdp , mhp , and chp . 
  the chp is the secularist westerners with a liberal economic policy , mhp is nationalist-secularist ( sort of ) with a conservative economic policy , the hdp for all intents and purposes is the party of the kurds , and the akp is everybody else . 
  even if you have problems with the akp , is you are a conservative turkish muslim , you really can only vote for the akp . 
  the chp is far , far far too secular , or at least perceived to be . 
  the mhp clings to secularism nowadays , and is the only party that could realistically integrate the non islamist turkish muslims , but their party leader is a fucking idiot and wreaking the party , and the hdp is a kurdish party , so they wont vote for them . 
  that essentially leaves the akp , which even if you dont like them , the other parties are worse . 
  and no alternative moderate akp lite cant be pushed because of the 10 % threshold keeping any new parties on the fringe . 
  he is perceived to have fixed the economy and presided over a time of great economic development in turkey now , the non akp supporters will tell you he just copied the old government 's economic policy , and that is partially right . 
  another part is electronics and the like got cheap . 
  but regardless , he just did not fuck up the economy in a way that is noticeable to the rural turk , which is his support base . 
  fears of coalition government . 
  historically , coalition governments are complete garbage in turkey , so a lot of turks are willing to give the reins over to somebody they dont like rather than have somebody they do like and somebody they dont share power . 
  this is a historic fear , further helped by the 10 % threshold . 
  erdogan controls the media , especially rural news sources , so nobody ever hears anything bad about them . 
  women disproportionately vote for him , particularly housewives , due to him handing out akp party positions to housewives , even if they are of little relevance like candy . 
  so housewives fucking love the akp for this , because he makes them feel valued . 
  this dude is tall as fuck and perceived to be handsome by a lot of these said housewives . 
  turkey feels isolated from europe , and feels like it is being treated like shit for no good reason ( and it is half right , but turkey also has serious issues that prevent it , so its somewhere in the middle ) . 
  erdogan now presents an alternative to european integration , and the rural turk laps that shit up . 
  allowing islam back into the public sphere . 
  historically secularism in turkey would make france blush , and the moderate muslims like the fact that he allowed islam into the public sphere , even if it is becoming increasingly islamicized . 
  has put up the perception of making turkey a regional power . 
  the effect of this is debatable , but he makes it seem like that to uneducated turks on the media 10 . 
  historically the political spectrum in turkey has leaded far to the secularist and left than its population really supported . 
  erdogan has managed to bring that back to the center , and further towards the conservative islamist side . 
  i really would like to see the methodology , because while it could be right , turkey seems to not include local languages , but it looks like ireland does with irish ? 
  there is likely a huge underestimation though because it does not include the various other languages of turkey , kurdish , zaza , arabic , laz , ect . 
  granted turkey 's fluency is terrible , but it does appear to be partly due to that , same with ireland with its irish i 'm guessing ? 
  or if it does include irish , well , the poll is flawed . 
  not surprising given the size of the population and the fact that it is one of the few countries that gets negative posts in r/europe, 
  geopolitics ? 
  why does germany and france push so hard against it but the dissenter uk push so hard for it ? 
  where do you want it hosted ? 
  the finn would know how coffee affects you :p, 
  your refusal to answer that question is a little bit telling ... 
  except for switzerland ... damned swiss . 
  im sure he would be disgusted at the thought of one of my turkish friends and a serbian dude are getting evlen ` ed . 
  seriously , once they immigrate they lose all sense of nuance and go full on hate or hitler did nothing wrong type nationalists . 
  the canadian serb flair should give it away . 
  the immigrants tend to hold extremely right wing views about their home country sometimes, 
   morally ?? 
  no , we 've been arguing by definitions they are the same . 
  which by definition they are committing terrorism [ 1 ] acts . 
  it 's you who is denying they are committing terrorist acts because of classification . 
  because im an ir major and a stickler for definitions ? 
  also notice the emphasis on non state actors in the link . . \\  no you said it 's unfair , and i know you meant because you argue that 's how the un works . . as above , that sums it up , classification makes it unfair , but not unfair when it comes to turkey , because `` legality '' prevents them from committing terrorism . 
  im saying its unfair to use it in an argument , but its not unfair legally . 
  again , the un does not classify ethnic separatist groups such as the pkk , eta , ira , ltte as terrorists . 
   remember what you highlighted earlier , what you did not include right after , highlighted in bold : `` the use of force by states is already thoroughly regulated under international law . 
  and the right to resist occupation must be understood in its true meaning . '', 
  and killing civilians is not in that right to resist . 
   so the right to `` resist occupation '' is something you 've completely skipped . 
  and here 's the part that distinguishes the pkk from a terrorist organization . 
  `` it can not include the right to deliberately kill or maim civilians . '', 
  - something i asked you to provide evidence of and you failed to do . 
  i did , you just chose to claim the sources are invalid , or incorrect , or a different group . 
  you can deny it all you want , but they fucking did it . 
   and my point was this blind following of classifications means you would n't mind when one day ethnic cleansing does not include states . 
  if the international community decides for them to be separate , so be it . 
  it wont change the moral meaning , but the legal meaning is not the important part . 
  as i have said 100 times ...  they are not reliable , they are pro-government or literally state sponsored . 
  all the ones that were reliable have been removed . 
  and i will gladly continue when there 's zero press freedoms there . 
  when international journalists are kicked and banned from going into kurdish areas . 
  threatened or imprisoned oh and even killed for going there or reporting on the turkish activity . 
  so do not hold this against me , but blame turkey . 
  see , you have me in a catch twenty two here by your restrictions ? 
  literally nobody gives a shit about the pkk outside of turkey , so nobody reports on it , and nobody cares , so we cant solve this . 
   turkish government has pulled back on stuff too , are you fucking naive or something ? 
  they currently have 10k + troops in kurdish areas trying to suppress anything kurds do , and bullshit biased people like you want to label everything as pkk as hard as possible and pretend like there 's no people there except pkk resisting . 
  i never said that there is nobody resisting , but the pkk are the main group deliberately attacking civilians ... also i literally said the turkish army has done some fucked up shit . 
  although how unusual is the troop deployment compared to other areas its the real question . 
  i have no doubt it is significantly higher , but i am seriously honestly curious what percentage . 
   no they are not often killed for similar reasons . 
  it 's a war zone there because of the turkish military enforcing turkish rule and occupation , they are the aggressors , it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's daily , you just do n't keep up . 
  it is indiscriminately , it 's , 100 % reckless for a military of nato level , which is what you 're trying to excuse with that talk . . you 're trying to say it 's ok , but not for the pkk in the past !, 
  that 's your logic now . 
  the pkk is not a shit organisation , it 's made some mistakes , but what 's important is it 's not set out to create harm , as you see they operate in kurdish areas , and the turkish public do n't even care there is a war zone in the kurdish areas for civilians . . how nice of them to keep the fight clean right , for a shit organisation ... or its a war zone because the kurds are resisting , the whole blame game makes no sense if we can not know the true democratic wishes of the kurdish people . 
  its not a question that may be answered , you can claim the vast majority of kurds want to leave turkey , but where is the evidence for that ? 
   where 's that democratic vote you 're talking about ? 
  when was that planned , we did not get the memo . . 
  please share this , until then i 'll assume this is empty words , naive thinking from someone who really thinks that in the middle east you can get your democracy through negotiations and peaceful means . . nice of you though . 
  also you should look at when the pkk was created , specifically after the dersim massacre . 
  in a war of 30 + years , propaganda plays a part and the pkk did not do a good job with making sure it represents itself properly . 
  it was a long time after the dersim massacre/genocide thing that the pkk were created 2 . 
  i am not arguing that back then the kurds may have wanted their own state , that is rather likely , but the real question is the modern day . 
   right , like you really do . . because if you did , you would n't have said half the shit you have said or assumed flimsy things . 
  what happened in the past with the pkk was they did not consider civilian casualties at all when they carrying out their operations or missions . . 
  this is what lead to civilian causalities on their side . 
  it is what gave fuel to the `` turkish media '' to go wild and use it against them . 
  it 's what gave ammunition to use that and get the pkk labelled in nato . 
  it also created some kurds to hate them and dislike them , further dividing the kurdish cause . 
  and that 's what you 've been using , reports based on turkish accounts who have/had an agenda . 
  as opposed to the turks disregarding civilian casualties ? 
  also , they pretty clearly did attack , im not arging that turkey is the morally right state here , just that the pkk is also morally black . 
   what makes me better ?
