  yeah , they are of course kurdish rights first , lefty ideology second , but they realize what a stupid idea the kurdish-islamist alliance was in retrospect, 
  not disagreeing , [ but turks have been doing rather well with the camps according to most people ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/16/magazine/how-to-build-a-perfect-refugee-camp.html ) , although education is in part why they are moving onto europe . 
  its just turkey lacks any real infrastructure for teaching arabic ( long `` discriminated '' against language , so to speak , has long focused on european languages ) , so it has to work with the refugees to get teachers from the population . 
  i cant cite a direct article but you can find a fair amount of passive citation of it around the web . 
  ie [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/europe-tightens-borders-and-fails-to-protect-people-a-989502-3.html ) or [ here ] ( http://www.jpost.com/middle-east/for-25-wannabe-isis-militants-cross-from-turkey-into-syria-392475 ) . 
  apparently bribes are about 15-30 usd, 
  people are just taking potshots at erdogan lately ( deservedly ) . 
  [ hdp is doing the same ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llr5p6513ms ), 
  that does not answer the question : for anybody curious a little over 25 % of the vote share . 
  if you combine with the hdp which is the kurdish version of this party that they vote to due to well , chp being kemalist , even if that is moderating , the social democrats get about 40 % of the vote . 
  ehhhhh , i think visa liberalization is still a very powerful tool . 
  i know its not as powerful as described , but you have to be kidding yourself if you say it wont have an impact . 
   these are almost entirely financed by international aid , turkey is literally doing as little as possible to contribute to this . 
  turkey is pouring ton of resources into the camps , youre wrong on everything but education really, 
  no , i 'm saying 80 people who are not faking to `` prove a point '' are more important than 1 person who is clearly faking it . 
  but yes , while i dont distinguish that much between religions , human sacrifice religions bad mkay ? 
  except youre wrong because even if that was the case , they are only demanding pork free , not sharia . 
  yes but they de facto treat them as refugees like any other, 
  well you guys are spooky mooslems ( so scary ! ), 
  so it is to be expected , sadly . 
  but yeah , it the equal and opposite circle jerk i see so common . 
  i mean fuck bigots who hate gay people but calling for their execution is a bit extreme do n't you think ? 
  ok , not disagreeing but people who are hard core veggis at that age : there is little you can do to force them to eat meat, 
  seriously , i dont get it . 
  i largely agree with the greek view of the conflict ( sorry kardesim ) , but what is with the need to downright lie when the facts are relatively supportive of your side ? 
  because there is no vegetarian option and the meat is the only option . 
  the meat may be 70 % of the meal , and it is essentially a requirement to serve pork on occasion ( granted but not to eat it ) when it used to be a choice . 
  so its clearly a move against muslims . 
  just make a veg option as well , and there is no issue , but this is a stupid move . 
  did you read the article ? 
  no it is not , but they are drafting a bill to make one available . 
  so currently it is just that one option , period , not the one meat option . 
  my philosphy is more of a make realistic exceptions . 
  if 30 of 100 really really hate the taste of chinese food you dont go , if one does out of that group and everybody really wants chinese food , you go . 
  there is a difference between one person being the exception , and a large group of people being the exception , plus how expensive the exception is , besides the clearly disingenuous factor . 
  here it is cheap and a decent sized group . 
  you would be expensive and small . 
  because it is literally in the article ? 
  because this is not a demand for halal meat ? 
   where 's the cow-free option for hindus ? 
  the pork ? 
  pretty sure you dont need meat every day to survive . 
  the difference is requirement . 
  they are requiring pork be served every so often , just dont require shit and serve it on occasion . 
  this is clearly targeted . 
  the whole armenian blockade relates to the armenian ethnic cleansing of the regions surrounding the nkr by armenia ( the nkr itself is a different matter , but it is crazy similar to cyprus ) so that is unlikely to be lifted . 
  i agree , but the difference is that they are requiring pork to be served . 
  i 'm not saying a pork and non pork everyday , just that they are requiring pork . 
  the fuck, 
  depends on the school , and if it is full subsidy or partial . 
  thats a different issue . 
  for example in my case i 'm doing stuff to prepare for it and preparing well , its not just second college for me . 
  well , i 'm not disagreeing , but this is a non muslim frenchman started fight , with the muslim community going : da fuck , it was fine like it was . 
  yeah , in this case it is not going to do that much , the muslim greeks face a fair amount of isolation . 
  if they did it together with good teachers , great idea , but right now it wont help much . 
  look at it from this perspective though : for some of those kids , that may be their own meal of the day . 
  people are poor man , it sucks but that is how it is , and we should plan for it if possible . 
  since the meat is often the centerpiece of the meal , it becomes a big deal . 
  honestly they should have multiple options to begin with . 
  i work in an industrial kitchen , not that hard . 
  because they are imposing this , rather than it being the choice of the school ? 
  not me . 
  granted i have not been upvoting you either because phone , but that is another matter . 
  to give a summary if you are too lazy to look into , for family matters sharia law applies . 
  they can also go through civil court but sometimes laws get weird and things get ruled wierd ways . 
  they are somewhat protective of it even if they do not live by it because they are afraid of getting further rights stripped , since they are certainly not in a good situation within greece . 
  for example the greek minority university quota actually under represents them by about half , when usually you see an affirmative action or equal to population policy , not evaluting if that should be the case , just pointing out it is unusual . 
  plus while they are taught in turkish or bulgarian , its basically just a translated version of the greek lesson , and they also dont provide good teachers for teaching greek so they end up isolated from society . 
  they are so worried about losing even more rights that they sort of defend it even if they dont believe in it . 
  greek courts also have no idea what the fuck they are doing with it , so rulings are all over the place . 
  probably merkels request . 
  same reason this took place in istanbul . 
  she does not want to be seen as supporting erodgan, 
  merkels request . 
  she does not want i make it seem like germany is supporting erodgan, 
  they are pretty secular , thats the problem . 
  they still technically live under sharia law , and courts in greece tend to interpret shit loosely down there . 
  nowhere in the treaty does it say anything about muftis and shit , and they tend to not follow the actuality of sharia law , but if somebody wants money from a death or the greek courts decide to be assholes , guess what happens ? 
  its fucking weird , look into it . 
  sorry , should clarify my point , liberal arts requirements at american universities do not do enough to help prevent radicalization or otherwise le stem !!!! 1111 !, 
  i 'm an a liberal arts major and we have a great education system for that , its just the supplemental stuff does not do enough . 
  i dont get the point you are making ? 
  yes , settler colonialism and whatnot , but different from ukraine , and turkey with the kurds, 
  i think we have seen at least similar things before . 
  i 'm all for increasing stem , but god damn is our liberal education system really shitty . 
  which is why i am saying that we simply dont know , and providing alternate explanations that could just as easily explain it too to point out that it is not provable . 
  good thing nobody is demanding halal here . 
  i work in an industrial kitchen . 
  it should honestly not be that hard to get a second option going, 
  why remove choice ? 
  at least get rid of this law that enforces it . 
  again , evidence . 
  this could easily be wishful thinking on your end . 
  not saying it is , but it is not that out there to say it could be either . 
  except that this is a ban on not serving pork not a ban on halal meat ? 
  most muslims ignore that part and just dont eat pork . 
  plus this is literally a ban on not serving pork , insanity . 
  this is being disingenuous , they banned them from not serving pork . 
  france subsidizes the food cost , so there is no cost similar alternative . 
  also , its literally saying `` we are not going to allow this to be pork free '' note : not halal , just pork free .
