  and that 's why he is being disregarded, 
  well , even turkey is an exception there as those videos tend to talk about ataturk every five minutes :p but yeah you are right, 
  because the leftists only represent like 30 % of the country , some right wing kurds defected back from the hdp after seeing that the akp lost , and the only real right wing party , the mhp , is a fucking joke and could not put up a campaign for the life of it . 
  yeah , but the czechs and the slovaks speak a different language . 
  other than maybe montenegro ( which is a whole complicated story , and there are allegations that the whole referendum was bs anyway ) , i cant think of an example of a country united by nationalism ever splitting up really . 
  self rule in the colonies maybe , but thats a bit different here . 
  i mean obviously it 's hard to say but look at germany , with the east west split , or the polish german border split . 
  nationalism is what it is, 
  its not super clearly outlined , but here are the proposals , they may be done in tandem or bit by bit . 
  i tries to put them in rough order of importance to the akp , but two and three are close together . 
  * presidential system from parliamentary , often described among turkish leftists ( and with good reason ) as an `` elected sultan '' and the first president with such a power would be erdogan . 
  * `` narrow districts '' , basically instead of having proportional representation based on districts with a number of seats based on population ( some are bigger than others ) , he wants to change it to be a lot like the british system with a first past the post single mp districts . 
  obviously the intent here is to gerrymander the shit out of the country . 
  * reducing how secular the constitutions is , probably nothing like islam best religion ever , but definitely allowing islam to be more influential in the political sphere i 'm obviously not polish , so i cant speak to how close they are to the pis in poland because i dont really know much about them , but from the wiki page they appear somewhat similar . 
  the difference is that they dont have the same nationalist element ( their uniting thing is more sunni islam ) , and they appear to be a lot more extreme than the pis , also they are kind of douchebags . 
  turkish politics is really hard to compare to basically any other country though because the main issues are more secularism , nationalism , and islam , rather than the typical economy and social safety net . 
  they are part of the same european parliamentary association , the alliance of european conservatives and reformists if that means anything . 
  but the erdogan wants to be sultan thing is another element , he does not respect democracy , i 'm sure yours at least somewhat does . 
  lets play spot the turkey wont get into the eu comment . 
  look , there it is !, 
  now , lets look for nato . . oh look at the parent comment !, 
  now all we need is an armenian genocide , the kurds are the second coming of jesus , and turkey is not in europe for a bingo !, 
  nope , us wont let it happen . 
  nato is designed to fight russia , and being able to shut down the straits in the case of a war is super super important to nato strategy . 
  thats the whole reason the us was sucking off erdogan for a while and still kind of is . 
  hey , we have some places to ski . 
  like that 5 foot tall hill over by steve 's house . 
  basically . 
  i 'm sure if you had the same sort of divide in your country the same thing would exist, 
  well , nationalism for one . 
  there does tend to be a feeling among turks that they would be fine with decentralization though, 
  but remember , cyprus is totally in europe guyz, 
  no , buts it 's a super important regional player . 
  any analogy is imperfect but russia is the closest, 
  or maybe because he is , to be fair . 
  erodgan is not winning because he is loved , he is winning because the other parties blow . 
  where 's your spirit of adventure ? 
  getting stabbed is great for a man 's personal development . 
  besides : remove anadolustanbul remove anadolustanbul you are worst turk . 
  you are the blind idiot you are the fish smell . 
  return to ankaar . 
  to our ankara cousins you may come our side . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , konya we will never forgeve you . 
  gezi rascal fuck but fuck asshole fish stink konya allah allah . . ankara capital worst day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead fish . . ahahahahahkonya we will get you !!, 
  do not forget erdogan . ankara you kill the culture , kurd return to your precious k\u00f6y ... . hahahahaha idiot anadolustanbul and konya smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove anadolustanbul from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  avrupastanbul + izmir + edirne + eskisehir = kill konya ... you will ragret erdogan / kayahan alive in avrupastanbul , kayahan making album of avrupastanbul . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of kayahan ... you are ppoor stink anadolustanbul ... you live in ruhsuz apartman hahahaha , you live in a yurt kayahan alive numbr one # 1 in avrupastanbul ... . fuck the ankarali , . . fuckk ashol anadolu no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur feribot and kadikoy . 
  kayahan aliv and real strong wizard kill all the ankara and anadolustanbul with folk magic now we the turkiye rule . ape of the zoo presidant erdogan fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and konya wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our istanbul we will crush u lik a skull of lamb . 
  honestly , going to disagree with it . 
  thats how you get an iran . 
  what they should have done is let the most incompetent islamists rule the country for a few years , let turks realize `` fuck these idiots '' and then let the people kick them the fuck out . 
  however , natural selection took place among islamist parties until we got the akp and the boost from the pre planned economic policy /, 
  lanet olsun :p what do you have other than soul-less apartment blocks and kadikoy ? 
  i mean you guys are the city of the blind :p, 
  it is how electoral districts work , semi local but not totally was the plan . 
  that failed . 
  chp mhp uniting is more likely , but even that is a fat chance , it would be better that they remain separate but by the looks of what bahceli has done it is going to happen either way . 
  post june the chp were probably against it , now they are probably pro again . 
  the chp is kept together with spit and scotch tape , one must remember . 
  more or less . 
  he already wipes his ass with the constitutional restrictions on him / . 
  i could see either or , or a combination imo . 
  wake up sheeple, 
  more or less the same . 
  actually apparently we are both wrong , similar vote counts on both . 
  the anadolu agency did not list votes until counted which is what confused me, 
  i know that is the case , but the only way to beat the islamic kurdish alliance is to get the kurds to side with the non islamists . 
  the akp was allowed to run this country so long because of the kurds . 
  based on the last election , maybe one or two seats for the akp . 
  they basically redistribute the votes across all of turkey which is why they dont have a huge impact . 
  burn down your ted and make a giant turkish middle finger/nah out of its ashes and you will be allowed into our new glorious ~ ~ byzantium ~ ~ super byzantium . 
  fine , we will leave anatolian istanbul out , there are barely any istanbulites left there anyway , just immigrants . 
  woot woot . 
  we should burn ted down on the way out and make a giant turkish middle finger/nah out of the ashes i am assuming ? 
  correct ? 
  hahahahaha , erdogan is not going to pull out . 
  remember neo ottoman 2.0 mate ? 
  if anything its a negative becuase they might de-democratize northern cyprus, 
  istanbul has looooong been taken over by anatolian immigrants . 
  there is a bit of a saying that there are no istanbulites left in istanbul among turkish leftists . 
  46 to 42 mps though , these maps can be misleading as they only show the biggest party by votes when often many areas have a equal number of mps and or an equal or greater number of votes when you count mhp plus hdp plus chp, 
  they may get a few more votes when the abroad count comes in , probably something around 320 . 
  still ten short , they might be able to bribe a few to get the 330 , but its unlikely . 
  please just stop . 
  the mhp used to be a lot more extreme but they are nowhere close to neo nazis . 
  and either way , neo nazis as a label makes no sense , neo fascists maybe , but you kind of got to be , christianlike for neo nazi to work . 
  no , but a few individual mps might defect . 
  but it looks like a gap of 20 so it looks like we are safe . 
  sorry , to clarify , it was not enough to prevent turkey and lebanon from shouldering most of the burden, 
  because the akp was a moderate right leaning party when it was first elected . 
  even now many want an akp lite but since the 2002 killed off so many of the old parties , and devlet bah\u00e7eli is just being himself and wont expand his party to appear to a wider voting base , and for your average conservative turk , the chp is too liberal and being ataturks old party there is a history that prevents expansion . 
  basically there are no alternatives and the 10 % threshold keeps them heemed in because they refuse to vote for the chp due to history . 
  the chp really does not want to expand its voter base too much anyway as it is an uneasy coalition between the oldschool chp wing and the now dominant democratic left wing . 
  mhp seems hopeless , and the hdp is way too far left , so the akp is around . 
  the fact that there was a 10 % change in votes in 5 months shows this . 
  are the ankarites allowed refugee status ?
