  unless you also consider the systematic massacres by greeks and armenians to also be evidence of intent to kill , which i disagree with but i understand as a viewpoint . 
  i do not understand this double standard . 
   there is a continuity of persecution that saw armenians disenfranchised , murdered , deported , raped , robbed etc. 
  all throughout the period . 
  some briefly returning matters little if the end result is still as catastrophic as it is and the turkish republic did absolutely nothing to allow these people back into their homes . 
  yes , they ethnically cleansed , but it is not the fucking same thing as genocide . 
  language matters here . 
   oh please . 
  you can believe whatever you want but i know what i want . 
  i 'm american and really white , no turkish blood in me, 
  holy shit you literally posted a serious version of my sarcastic post . 
   did they result in the permanent disappearance of those groups from the regions they formerly inhabited or is there any sign that that was the ultimate goal ? 
  well besides the fact that the first part is completely irrelevant , otherwise the holocaust would not be a genocide because there are still jews in germany , yes there is plenty of evidence . 
  british commission on the war said it happened on both sides . 
  besides , how the fuck could a systematic massacre not do exactly that ? 
  like seriously , give me a scenario where the systematic massacre of a specific population not be intended to shift demographics ? 
    the turks lit the fire in smyrna and engaged in an orgy of violence , rape and robbery in an effort to scare those pesky gavur into leaving . 
  well besides the fact that the origin of the fire is still highly disputed , a war crime is not genocide , especially when not directed . 
  did we try to commit genocide in afghanistan because of some overzealous subcommanders ? 
  i am not denying the fact that it is a war crime , and ethnic cleansing , but it is not genocide . 
  besides , the greeks literally did the same shit , so did they commit genocide ? 
   the turks forcibly evicted the armenians from the former kars oblast . 
  that is ethnic cleansing and i do not deny that , but it is not genocide . 
  was the population exchange also genocide ? 
  is the nagorno-karabakh war and expulsion of armenians and azerbaijis on both sides genocide ? 
  i 'm not saying that ataturk was the second coming of jesus , but that is not genocide . 
  part of the loss of armenians from turkey , yes , but not genocide . 
   they tried to stop exactly none of it . 
  evidence ? 
  i 'm not saying they did a great job the fact is that there is no evidence that it came from the top , and circumstantial evidence that it was not the case . 
   years after the fact in an effort to make his own regime look good in comparison . 
  yeah , dont buy that . 
  it is circumstantial evidence on my part granted , but there is no evidence of systematic killing . 
  considering you see the regimes as a continuity anyway , why would he not try to cover it up ? 
  the genocide denial only kicked in as a state policy as a result of soviet attempts to annex turkish territory on the basis that they used to be inhabited by armenians  and then willfully burned gavur \u0130zmir to the ground because those pesky gavur refused to leave their native city on their own accord and then lit a fi sat by and watched as his troops raped , looted and murdered . 
  which is why he sent a telegram ahead of time warning people that it might happen as was helpless to stop it ? 
  you cant control a subcommander , you really cant . 
  you think this is a modern military with a command structure , but he cant do much if his commander will ignore him . 
   the armenians of smyrna and kars are gone . 
  they were there before those supremely tolerant republican turks got to them and after deliberate , targeted persecution they were gone . 
  i 'm not saying its not ethnic cleansing , it definitely was , but thats not the same as genocide . 
  if you equivalence the two , well then again , armenia has like 5 genocides under its belt , greece like 20 , turkey like 30 . 
  i 'm not saying that they were tolerant , i 'm saying its not genocide , it is ethnic cleansing . 
   every single territory they took apart from istanbul ( and later alexandretta , although plenty of armenians were evicted from there as well ) was virtually cleansed of every armenian they could find . 
  how is that not genocide ? 
  because it is ethnic cleansing ? 
  again , if you are to make this argument then the armenians genocided the azerbaijanis , and the greeks genocided turks , serbs , and bulgarians . 
  now , is it a massive tragedy that is in no way justified ? 
  yes , should it be taught ? 
  yes , as long as you make it clear that it was not a genocide but still emphasize the human tragedy and the fact that it was a crime against humanity, 
  spain spanish remains standard though , and is the prestige dialect . 
  not the case for portuguese though, 
  oh cmon spook mooslems ? 
  really ? 
  ok , are you willing to then qualify the massacres committed by greeks and armenians of turkish and kurdish civilians as genocide ? 
  honest question . 
  if you think one is and not the other , you 're insanely intellectually dishonest . 
  but there was no systematic massacre of civilians , were there massacres ? 
  yes , but there is little evidence that it was directed and plenty of evidence that there were attempts to stop it from happening . 
  i mean for fuck sakes you really think that a guy who admitted to the genocide to an american newspaper , sent warnings to evacuate izmir , and thought about offering van to armenians ( ataturk ) committed a systematic genocide against them . 
  that not normal behavior for a orchestrator of genocide . 
  now was he perfect or nice to armenians ? 
  fuck no , the opposite really . 
  but unless you also include the greek committing genocide as well ( which the international commission did state that there was evidence for on both sides ) , you are incredibly intellectually dishonest, 
  well it 's because they are spooky mooslems . 
  cyprus is like 70 % european because they are greeks , with that minority that should be all sent back to asia in the north . 
  turkey is like 99 % muslim , and it matches up perfectly with the percentage in their county in europe . 
  it 's so obvious , i ca n't believe you do n't see it / s, 
  uhh , i do n't think that 's what he said at all . 
  the armenian government does not want to discuss the subject , and on certain topics , even if i disagree with turkey overall , i have of agree with them on . 
  like the claim that the armenian genocide lasted until 1923 , into the republican period . 
  no , no it did not , besides the fact that it 's not even possible for that continuity because well , armistice and the movement of armenians back into the empire , but then you would have to consider greek actions towards turks during that invasion to be genocide as well . 
  i think both are utterly stupid , crimes against humanity yea , but once the republican government took over genocide stopped ( although persecutions continued ) . 
  fuck lets just call massacres by armenians of azerbaijans genocide too while we are at it . 
  utterly insane . 
  the armenian story is 90 % right compared to the 10 % right of the turkish story , but armenians need to push shit like the genocide was committed by republicans is insanity . 
  to be fair , words do change . 
  i 'm not saying that it is not genocide , i consider it to be , but political and social classes were taken out by the ussr , so the framework may have changed . 
  plus then it gets into a grey area of if you can convict turkey for anything as it is post facto and the nazis were done in for crimes against humanity , not genocide . 
  but when you look at it from a cultural mix , it is probably somewhere in the middle , definitely no more than 60 % asian , and imo more european than asian . 
  already in another comment . 
  there is definitely a distinct irony to it , but at least most turks actually dont think they are the same thing . 
  kurds legitimately believe that the zaza are just a turkish conspiracy . 
  im not even kidding . 
  if it was pkk it was some sort of weird ultra extreme offshoot that sees any negotiation other than through arms with the turkish government ( as being elected makes the hdp ) as illegitimate . 
  well , arab socialism is more of a socialism lite , so its not like it is the only option , but the baathist movement is often the only hardcore secularists in the region . 
  a lot of it has to do with how the other parties are not necessarily anti secular but with a confessionalist character , aka one party is the shia party , another is the sunni party . 
  this has its root in the intentional division of the middle eastern states to be multi ethnic on purpose . 
  the kurdish struggle for independence took on the characteristics of a national liberation movement , and those during that era tended to be quite communistic . 
  they were nationalists first , but definitely spoke the language of communism . 
  see vietnam , or africa for more examples . 
  perfect response . 
  seriously the `` zaza are just kurds '' follows the exact same logic . 
  alevis really only exist in turkey , they are concentrated in the zaza group ( which are considered to be kurds by kurds but they often consider themselves separate ) , but also exist among vanilla kurds and among turks . 
  yazidis are a subgroup that exists in iraq , that mostly identify as kurds . 
  then there are christians , zoroastrians and yarsanism , but those are less politically significant at the moment . 
  the kurds of syria and of iraq are relatively similar , but a big divide is between `` north '' ( aka turkish ) kurdistan and `` south '' kurdistan ( the rest ) . 
  there are a lot of different customs and traditions . 
  it is possible to unite them , but its like austria and germany in a lot of ways . 
  it was apparently a suicide bombing , which if it is a nationalist group , then it is islamist first , nationalist second .
