  the city is shit anyway but the people are alright . 
  money was sent , but it was not enough to prevent turkey and lebanon from shouldering most of the burden . 
  depending on how close it is , i would not be surprised if some serious bribing of the religious hdp politicians in return for further kurdish autonomy took place . 
  about 5 % down . 
  edit : actually apparently equal, 
  not the founder of the party actually , the chairman . 
  alparslan t\u00fcrke\u015f is the founder . 
  what he did is he refused to form a coalition last cycle so he pissed everybody off in his party and they all went over to the akp ,, 
  which is shit , but stuff could still workout , although my hopes are not high . 
  if the chp and mhp can unite into one block without becoming completely anti kurd , at least to the point the hdp will support a minority government , erdogan dies , or the akp manage to talk the economy ( all possibilities ) , then the akp could be out . 
  the akp , assuming they dont take control of the electoral system can still be defeated , but somebody has to find a way to unite the nationalists with the kurds . 
  that is no small task , but if the chp and mhp can unite together somehow , without too much wasted votes taking place in the case of a mass defection , but ideally an electoral coalition , and this new party can still work together with the hdp , then erodgan will be out . 
  that might take a few election cycles though , and if there are enough votes wasted , well , fuck , they can change the constitution and then it wont matter . 
  honestly it would not surprise me if that was the case in the kurdish areas , but it would not surprise me if they did not either . 
  they only needed the tiniest increase in vote share to get a mp in most of the kurdish areas, 
  the voters forgot , and that is all the matters . 
  where the leader was born , basically mhpxakp . 
  because they wont vote for non islamic parties because they have a history of doing shit like banning the headscarf . 
  seriously , this is part of the reason women disproportionately vote for the akp despite being sexist as fuck . 
  fuck , this is so depressing , but i laughed . 
  the akp has a lot of support among women ( disproportionately , i know they are sexist but there is a lot behind it , just trust me ) , the old , and the religious . 
  i would say on a scale of totally to fine , it would be pretty well fucked . 
  the thing turkey needs right now is somebody who can unite the kurds with the secularists and nationalists . 
  this is a huge fucking order , but if that can be done , there is hope for the future . 
  the only way i see this happening is if the chp can successfully absorb / electoral alliance the mhp considering how much they got hit this election , and manage to not lose too many over to the akp while moderating their new members and making sure there is no internal coup and then form a coalition with the hdp next election . 
  but that might very well take another 2 cycles to happen even if it can happen and if the mhp rebel and waste a lot of votes , then erdogan may be able to referendum and shut down this shit permanently . 
  330 for a referendum , 366 for a non referendum change . 
  well technically 3/5s 2/3s , and since the seats are not filled by somebody else if a member dies in parliament , it does not have to be the exact numbers . 
  also , pretty much everybody in turkey thinks its high but the akp and the chp ( which make up more than 50 % of the electorate ) are held together with scotch tape , glue , and that threshold so it is unlikely to change . 
  i would say that yes , most of the kurds in turkey are conservative , heck i would probably say the same for iraq too , just a different kind , syria i dont know enough about to speak of it . 
  the reason you see the hdp , pkk and whatnot parties being leftist is because a conservative kurd will support a liberation movement that is leftist but a liberal kurd will not do the opposite . 
  they are still fairly united ( more or less ) , but there is a big split over religion , something that the akp is using to drive a massive wedge inbetween the voters , as shown in the elections . 
  the thing that causes the split is that if the pkk or whatever are fighting secularists or some liberal force , the con kurds support it , but fighting a con force the con kurds are more split . 
  that is why the pkk ceasefire ending fucked shit up , because the con kurds see the akp as a islamic leaning government . 
  basically all the muslim first kurd second voters went over to the akp this election , or at least the vast majority of them . 
  i lived in the chp part of ankara so i cant really speak about general attitudes of the kurds , heck most of the posters here are probably the same . 
  here is my semi educated opinion though : turkey is not going to invade rojava , they want to keep the kurds contained . 
  and the conservative kurds , seeing them fighting islamists they are fine with that . 
  they would not be in favor of an invasion of the kurdish areas , but keeping them balanced , so to speak , is fine by them, 
  400 , c'mon dude , 4000 mps , got to pay that corruption money somehow, 
  i 'm looking at it at it looks to be like a good 10 % of the vote across the kurdish region ( obviously the total is not in officially ) , which is all they needed really to get an mp or two in most of the provinces, 
  actually looks like voter turnout is down like 5 % . 
  osmaniye fell to the akp , well , its official , the mhp are probably dead next election , hopefully they will all role into the chp or form an electoral coalition next time around , and they can be moderated to the point where a chp-hdp coalition is possible . 
  if you read / r/europe or / r/syriancivilwar you would think that kurds are some of the most western , progressive people in the middle east . 
  when in reality , there is a fuck ton of conservatives . 
  the hdp voters last election had a higher percentage of being against the secular state than the akp , [ from this souce ] ( http://i1.wp.com/www.taraf.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/2-2.jpg ) ( evet pro hay\u0131r anti ) , and that is saying something . 
  a ton of the seats the akp gained are from the kurdish areas . 
  think about it this way . 
  the akp are religion first nationality second . 
  that is why the kurdish-islamist alliance exists , which propelled the akp post first election . 
  the akp were willing to give some rights to the kurds in return for support . 
  now the religious kurds maybe thought that there would be a coalition gov or something like that , so they voted for the hdp first time around . 
  the religious kurds mainly give a fuck about religious rights , they dont care for the kurds in syria though , so while they are not anti , they are far more pro dismantling the secular state , so they switched their votes over to the akp again . 
  rojava is not nearly as supported among the religious kurds as you would think it would be . 
  looks like a lot of the religious kurds switched away from the pro gay people hdp kurdish minority party and the mhp ( secular nationalists ) just got destroyed , that is where the majority got it from . 
  ~ ~ the voter turnout is not too different but a few more akp voters came out too . ~ ~ edit : looks like voter turnout is down by about 5 % ish more or less . 
  at this point i 'm cheering for the hdp , hoping to dear god they get the 10 % this country needs , otherwise a akp supermajority is probably going to happen . 
  clarifying for anybody else . 
  of course the akp are so close to constitutional referendum majority i 'm scared shitless . 
  please dont dip below threshold mhp or hdp . 
  please dear god . 
  the issue is the akp are against it , the chp are against it , and they have a majority . 
  they are both held together with glue and scotch tape at this point , especially the chp , so they wont change it . 
  i would wait , i would not be suprised by a majority at this point but city votes take longer to count , half are counted right now . 
  edit : fuck , nevermind . 
  akp majority , looks like it wont secure enough for a referendum though . 
  but if like 3 mps `` defect '' ( see : bribed as fuck ) , a few of them just happen to die unexpectedly and they may be close enough to a referendum being called . 
  yeah , except the party leader is absolutely against that . 
  ca n't do much in that case, 
  well , yeah , simplifying and whatnot, 
  well , i 'm left handed , so fuck you i got mine :p but seriously , thats surprising , and really interesting . 
  they might start to drop the pro kurdish stuff over time though , not like fuck all the kurds execute them level , but given how they lost the southeast it might begin to shift . 
  i fucking hate the god damned mhp , like seriously , i fucking hate them , but allowing islamist fucktards to run the country permanently vs allowing secularist nationalist fucktard to run the country for a few years before getting booted is much better . 
  i love the chp and hdp ( although worried about how it will work in reality because of how many of the hdp voters support sharia law ) . 
  erdogan is a bloodthirsty idiot , and the mhp are bloodthirsty idiots , and honestly if you gave me a choice between akp full majority and mhp full majority i might pick akp . 
  but thats a strong theoretical , i fucking hate both . 
  youre the one claiming neo nazi parties ~ ~ while going around claiming yuropean kutlrue for cyprus ~ ~ edit : sorry different person and ignoring the whole wilder is from your country thing . 
  mhp is shit , pure and utter shit , but the akp has no reason to support minority rights now and likely plans for some punishment if they ever regain majority . 
  they are both fucking aweful , but i know more about the politics than you mate . 
  youre rather uneducated at what is going on , eh yabanc\u0131 , as youre comment on how they literally chose to not vote for anybody in that election ( see : not vote for the akp ) . 
  like seriously , did you even read the article ? 
  the mhp used to be a lot more fucked up than they are now . 
  its not similar to what it used to be . 
  i dont like the mhp but the more votes the mhp can pry away from the akp better , because hopefully that will get them scared enough to form a grand coalition with the chp . 
  the grey wolves has been subjugated by the current party head of the mhp , they are no longer the force they used to be . 
  much like how the akp removed the teeth from the turkish military . 
  they are fucked up , but despite my personal opinion that the mhp are nutty , they are not what they used to be . 
  they are much more of a center secular party nowadays, 
  at this point i 'm just hoping that the gulen raid manages to knock off a few percentages and force a coalition government . 
  but who the fuck knows at this point , the government is a god damned mess . 
  one vote , but the german minority is in all senses not worth anything significant politically . 
  the current pkk rebellion started in 1984 , it was meant to keep minorities out , but it is not a direct logic from the current conflict . 
  as opposed to what it used to be , its fucking lightyears . 
  and anyway , yall have wilders do you not ? 
  pretty god damned similar voting percentages if you ask me . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  yeah . 
  turkey has been in turkey since 1920z suruc bombing, 
  article six clarifies that article five can be invoked in this case, 
  he 's wrong , article six clarifies how anything above the tropic of cancer ( plus french algeria ) is considered de jure european territory for the purposes of the treaty .
