well potential blocking of the eu , but yeah i agree with you . 
  it 's geopoliticized, 
  yeah , they do n't want unilateral , but they might be in favor of holding another referendum . 
  but what if everybody was pro independence in catalonia but the rest of spain straight up refused to change the law to allow for it , what then ? 
  do the people of spain get to do what they want or catalonia ? 
  of course i totally agree , but i 'm not one of those people, 
  seriously one case : end of the world !, 
  kurds are not treated nicely but it 's not literally hitler either, 
  yep and a big part of why recognition is taking forever is that a lot of armenians ca n't talk to turks without attacking them or visa versa ( although to a lesser extent ) . 
  it 's not going to happen until you can get on speaking terms and neither party wants to, 
  no , but a state absolutely ca n't to whatever it wants to a minority because it is a majority . 
  i 'm the type who tends to be in favor of independence only in cases of a supermajority , but for fuck sakes , spain is acting like a prick towards the local government, 
  except the voting record of tea partiers prove it, 
  the un charter does not say that . 
  that was an attempted change, 
  so if the belgians say : we want to oppress the german minority and strip away all their rights , is that ok ? 
  ok , and what 's your opinion of say a demoncratic majority in say , belgium that just bans the german speaking areas . 
  is that ok ? 
  and an american of all people, 
  except they are far more than just balanced budget . 
  they tend to be crazy anti abortion , anti black people , ect . 
  one party said if it got majority of the seats it would declare unilaterally ( likely knowing the cup would legitimize it anyway with the extra votes ) and the cup is saying only at 55 % , so when taken together it makes more sense, 
  the only reason it is fair for them to declare unilaterally is if spain refuses to let them do it democratically ... 
  which they are, 
  no , some parties did not take a position , and that does not mean that some are voting for anti independence pasties because they do n't agree with their other politics . 
  that can only be truly proven by a binding referendum, 
  that 's just dickish , are you willing to do the same with catalonian stuff ? 
  i mean im not saying its good , i 'm just saying english is fucking strange and irregular as fuck . 
  probably something to do with us never being able to remember other country 's names , russia , 
  to be fair , its pretty common to do in english if shitty . 
  we usually drop hyphenated words in such situations . 
  the most interesting thought experiment i have ever heard of is to argue hitler to be like an alexander or a gengis khan . 
  i mean fuck with gengis he did a lot more horrible shit but a lot of historians love to suck him off anyway . 
  its just a matter of distance , i 'm sure in 300 years you will have way more israelis saying the holocaust was `` worth it '' for getting their own state rather than now , for example . 
  to be fair , in our case the head of state ( obama ) actually has political power , unlike in parliamentary systems . 
  the native americans ? 
  the spaniard treatment towards muslims ? 
  i dont think its positive , but the ottomans did not have nearly the impact you make it sound like it did . 
  the reason the balkans were so poor is because you guys purged your cities of the muslims post liberation ( not making a value statement on that mind you ) , and they controlled a fair amount of the wealth which they took with them . 
  same reason why turkey was so poor post armenia and greek purge . 
  there were likely some , there were conversions all over the balkans . 
  but they were by far the minority , the places that did convert ( albania , and bosnia ) were places without a strong established church organization and were in religious chaos . 
  while hungary was chaotic when it came to he reformation , the churches had political power and were well established , even if they were fighting each other . 
  the converted areas were fighting each other and without power . 
  fair enough , but to be fair that 's more of a technicality . 
  to put that in perspective , even excluding the genocides it has some of the highest death rates in ww1 , beaten only by serbia but only barely , and for obvious reasons being occupied and the country the war was started over and piled on . 
  especially when you factor in anatolian casualties rather than the rest of the levant which had substantially less, 
  look at the bright side , if you had not had lost that vienna would never had been sieged and when where would we be without croissants ? 
  good you have a stick up your ass about this . 
  turkey is not a good party in this but neither is greece . 
  you ca n't claim turkey is violating international law ( when it is strongly pushing the envelope ) when turkey is indisputably the victim of greece breaking international law . 
  turkey is pretty shitty about this stuff but greece is no saint either . 
  look up hellenoturkism . 
  it was a minority idea as i said , but it was a thing, 
  ok , your point is ? 
  the fact is they dispute the territory and consider it unjust . 
  they do n't believe it 's greek territory . 
  intent matters here , which is why the greeks knowingly entering turkish territory that they do not dispute is quite different, 
  yeah except its disputed territory . 
  and the worse part is turkey violated disputed territory , the greeks violate turkish airspace that they do n't even dispute when they do shit . 
  turkey may be an asshole , but greece is acting like just as big of not a worse asshole, 
  there definitely is . 
  i mean ffs there was a movement within greece for a while to reunify with the ottoman empire as long as they were treated as equals . 
  a minority opinion but the balkans are a mess and it can seem like the only way to really construct a narrative is to simply to all hell, 
  also he is in the middle of a fall from power . 
  it 's just he was entrenched so it will take a bit, 
  but but culturally comparable with the syrians / s, 
  doctrines restrict faith , however christianity and islam have a roughly equivalent moral flexibility . 
  that does not explain difference, 
  i think the guy you were responding to was the cost to turkey , which is pissing the turks off since they are mostly on their own . 
  i would not say upper middle , more middle class . 
  even so , there are missing education opportunities for the children . 
  that is the big issue and something that the eu needs to provide first and foremost . 
  it might happen if you do n't actually fucking support turkey . 
  this is what caused the problem in the first place . 
  underfunded shit show camps, 
  that 's a good 2 % or so of their budget , not to mention indirect costs for which there are many . 
  while i largely agree with you i hate the super secular kurds meme . 
  they have one of the highest rates of fgm in the middle east , and for the most part the secular forces are only supported because they are pro independence . 
  it 's less about ideology and more about looking good to the west . 
  why do illegal immigrants get into the united states , do n't they have an army to stop them at the border or something ? 
  except you need time for that . 
  this is happening now not eight months down the line, 
  plus they are often told outright lies by the smugglers about sweden and such . 
  and they probably do n't have a smartphone or the language ability to verify outrageous claims of a land of milk and honey, 
  except there is not a ton germany can do to make them take refugees, 
  as is to be a expected with a labor immigrant community, 
  yeah but kurdistan has never been considered part of europe , armenia has sometimes even if it is geographically not, 
  not going to happen . 
  eu does not allow non european countries . 
  take over istanbul then get back to us, 
  yes , the majority are still concentrated in a few cities in the usa though . 
  they are absolutely not that spread out . 
  i mean 5 % of minneapolis students speak somali at home . 
  the somali are concentrated in one or two cities in the u.s.a though, 
  does not make it right, 
  i 'm all for the usa contributing more, 
  ha , that 's not the only cause . 
  syria has always had shaky foundations , it 's not going to be that easy to put it together again, 
  you mean predatory imf loans ?
