  so its imposed discrimination because they banned non pork free options . 
  they are not demanding halal meat , they are demanding pork free ... big difference . 
  the demand is not for a halal lunch , it is for a pork free lunch . 
  big difference there . 
  this is not a demand for halal meals , this is a one for a non pork option . 
  most muslims in france just dont eat pork , they dont demand halal, 
  however , the thing is with school lunch is that you want to feed the poorest students because they are the least likely to be able to afford food for themselves independently . 
  guess which group correlates with poverty in france ? 
  you want students to do well and they wont if they dont eat , so it becomes a question of what is best . 
  the blockade on armenia wont end until armenia stops pulling a cyprus on azerbaijan . 
  the other ones i 'm all for fixing though . 
  are you referring to the muslim population of western thrace that consists of pomaks and turks ? 
  it is still a bad situation and they do have some legitimate gripes with the state of things , but yes things are starting to change . 
  there is a whole mess with sharia law being mandatory enforced even when muslims don want it up there and just complicatated up there , but there have been beatings of the muslim population within the last few decades, 
  there is actually an interesting theory on that : le stem . 
  ok , but seriously , almost all of the highly educated terrorists get non lib arts majors ( of course there are exceptions ) . 
  so it is theorized that thinking the world could be reduced down to numbers and it being black and white might make people ( relatively , compared to lib arts ) with non lib arts majors still vulnerable to radicalization . 
  that is just one theory however, 
  well the annan plan was after a massive influx of turks from the mainland , so if all the kurds of iraq and syria go into turkey , fuck it why not . 
  until then , not really comparable . 
  uhh , komotini events happened in 1990 ... turks were not doing shit actively then . 
  also , i 'm focusing on one side because the person already stated the other side . 
  there is no need to repeat information , because i never denied it . 
  most analyst say that it looks liberal . 
  erdogan was a fluke of the kurdish islamists alliance that has since fallen apart . 
  it is not going to be as liberal as it was as its max for a bit , but it will still be fairly liberal . 
  actually , they are roughly equivalent , if the kurdish population is not lower . 
  you could take nationalist estimates by kurds , but realistically something like 13-18 % is a good guess . 
  ehhhh , given the current policy of continuing to deny ethnic identity , and this sort of shit happening in the [ 1990s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1990_komotini_events ) , plus the living memory among turks of what happened in bulgaria to their minority , they are clearly going to want some serious guarantees , and a right to intervention by turkey if they are under danger ( now preventing turkey from abusing that is another matter ) . 
  youre right , greek-turkish antagonism is not unassailable , and from a greek perspective they might be fine with just giving them guarantees , but you have to look at it from a turkish perspective , as this would require a bilateral agreement . 
  hindsight may be 20-20 , but sevres syndrome is a strong force in turks to this day and explains their outlook on everything from cyprus to the kurds . 
  i 'm not going to read the entire thing , but i did a quick keyword search for stuff like `` today '' and `` currently '' and i cant find any evidence or even a claim of systematic government sanctioned and lead destruction of cypriot archaeological or otherwise heritage artifacts in northern cyprus currently . 
  could i see the government potentially turning a blind eye to it ? 
  yeah , although i would like a citation of them turning a systematic blind eye to destruction rather than just current systematic willful negligence . 
  do i know that the turkish army ( and potentially turkish cypriots and settlers ) have in the past engaged in acts of systematic vandalism of cypriot churches and the like in the north ? 
  yes , that happened , in the past tense . 
  but here is your claim  continues destroying cultural heritage in the north in isis-like fashion your claim is basically , broken down , that the trnc 1 . 
  systematically destroys artifacts in the north 2 . 
  does so actively and currently i 'm not saying that the trnc is some angelic entity being oppressed by the evil greeks in the south , far from it , but from my knoweldge this is much more comparable to the turkish mainland policy on armenian , greek , and assyrian artifacts outside of tourist areas , especially in the east . 
  you have provided no evidence that it is anything close to isis . 
  again , if your argument is good , why lie ? 
  i never denied that the greeks were not scared shitless either , in fact they had reason to be even more so . 
  however , that does not justify ethnic cleansing and or genocide , period . 
  if it does , then the entire greek genocide was justified because the turks were scared that anatolia was going to end up like the balkans , colonized by foreign powers . 
  and i think we both know that the greek genocide is in no way justified , so that is the problem with the logic . 
  so no , they are not acting like isis ... ? 
  look , your case is strong enough , there is no need to lie to get the point across . 
  you just look like an idiot by lying like this because you have no evidence this is a trnc sanctioned policy, 
  however part of that fear is routed in reality , the greeks are absolute shit to the turks of western thrace and at the time they were still actively stripping passports ( read : subtle ethnic cleansing policy ) . 
  not saying that turks did not do that shit as well , but given stuff like bloody christmas , it is entirely reasonable for turks to demand some safeguards in place . 
  the whole independent cyprus thing was stupid but calling it ultra nationalism ignores the fact that the greek government had a thing for removing kebab and the turks of the island were understandably scared, 
  on point three can you provide evidence that this destruction is ongoing rather than something that has happened in the past ? 
  yeah ... 
  given the history , while its still kind of bs , it 's not that surprising the turks are reluctant, 
  real politik mate , that was the agreement for self rule . 
  was it fair ? 
  no , but when the greeks then specially try to break the system without trying it that is another issue, 
  electro n is a hyper greek nationalist , ignore him , the belgian situation is close enough , does ignore turkish immigration to the island but at the same time you also have to factor in that the old pre invasion government pre coup was trying to sabotage things so that they could get union with greece, 
  saudi does have a fair amount of syrian `` guest workers , '' not sure about where else though, 
  because i 'm anti ethnic cleansing regardless of who does it . 
  yes that includes turkey, 
  no , you simply do n't care . 
  like how you have previously tried to justify kicking out turks from greece in response to turks being shit towards greeks post lausanne, 
  ok , but you are a crazy nationalist , not a regular one, 
  do you have any evidence of this though . 
  you are making a big claim , to back that up you need strong evidence . 
  gut feeling does not count for shit , gut feeling is what made the eu think the annan vote would work and look at how that went . 
  big symbolism there , because she would basically have to go to the ak saray ( presidential palace ) , which about 60 % of turks ( the non akp voters ) , see as a massive waste of money . 
  like a massive , massive waste of money , the guy even had the gall to name it after his own party . 
  so merkel is trying to hedge her bets if she cant get erdogan to win the next elections with visa restriction lifting because she needs turkey , not erdogan necessarily . 
  so a thing so she is not seen as in league with erdogan ( not to say that worked given the picture ), 
  eh , interesting topic for me , language nerd ( although not a linguist , so this is a layman answer ) , plus a history nerd , specifically for the middle east/steppes , so i got to know this stuff . 
  although honestly i 'm sure you can find half this stuff on wikipedia . 
  my comparison was not the best looking back on that though , try to hard to use analogies sometimes , so i would ignore that part . 
  well , central asia is a sprachbund of massive proportions so it is really hard to tell what languages come from different proto languages and what are related , so it will likely always remain a mystery . 
  tribal confederations are always hard to figure out because `` civilized '' sources tend to classify all of them as barbarians , and give us little info to work with . 
  for example with the european huns , for the three words we do know could come from hunnic they are probably indo european , but it could be from steppe gothic rather than common tongue , or it is just a weird situation were there are actually not from hunnic . 
  overall though , the feeling seems to be an altaic language if the proto language existed , or its theorized members if not . 
  because the altaic theory is still widely accepted in turkey , if in a somewhat reduced form , this matters little for the turks , but even so the scholarly consensus tends to lean turkic between the two , although most just say `` altaic '' ( without believing in it being true necessarily ) to be safe . 
  there is still a lot of competition though , with indo european and a language isolate being strong contenders , but there is no certainty there either . 
  its the most likely , but barely . 
  what we do know though is that it is probably not related to hungarian , sorry guys . 
  now , if the european huns and the `` eastern '' xiongnu huns are related is another question , same deal with them too . 
  but it is not unreasonable to make the assumption basically . 
  ~ ~ its more akin to the fight over charlemagne , there are good reasons to call him french , but lets be honest , more than likely it is best to classify him as german ( which would be the turks in this case ) . ~ ~ bad analogy , cant think of another one though, 
  again , i 'm not ignoring that , but it still had an impact . 
  i mean to be fair , if you consider huns to be turks , its not that far off , but it is literally a retrospective justification though . 
  folk history , like russia 's first ruler being a viking in scandinavia, 
  nope , this is all new and from ankara , and ankara was a backwater until it became the capital really . 
  the bastard even named the palace after his own party ak sarayi ( white palace , but ak is a rarely used form of white , his party is the ak parti ), 
  i mean i dont think anybody is ignoring that , but the fact of the matter is there is an embargo, 
  he is a crazy greek nationalist , the greek version of dracaras, 
  yeah , but you cant say oh , its just the settlers that dont want to reunify , i suspect the settler support is higher for independence , but at the same time , some turks just want to get into the eu so a conditional settler amnesty policy might be more supported by settlers than non settlers . 
  it is just hard to say really . 
  realistically in a short timeframe , nope, 
  realistically though the only people who care that much about unification though are greeks which makes it rather unlikely to change, 
  we do n't know the political breakdown of settler vs non though, 
  not disagreeing , but one most understand the difference between rhetoric and actually thinking so . 
  start with high demands and negotiate down . 
  on my phone at the moment but look at spot election speech of the northern cyprus president,
