estonia really tried to help greek goverment also by giving money to different monetary packages . 
  how dare we now have our own opinion about these things ... 
  yeah , because every other place in europe is far-right free !, 
  kosovo is kosovo for reason you know but do not want to accept - what serbians did with albanians in the area was unacceptable . 
  sorry lithuania , but finland is ours . 
  * loads buckshots *, 
  oh i did not see that downvote coming, 
  anime ? 
  did you mean enema ? 
  nice try , putin . 
  ah , yes . 
  the estonian summer festival not held in estonia . 
  so the bombing happened because of no reason at all ? 
  wan na bet on that ? 
  btw , i can agree with everything you said in the case of russia , but at the same time , estonia , finland etc. 
  were already moving strongly towards modern age on their own . 
  finland managed to keep its track , estonia again got a strong hit from the academics , ( political ) elite who escaped or got killed during the beginning years of the occupation . 
  elaborate , please . 
  what do you mean ? 
  its a quote from his most recent direct line . 
  then again , the quote ends with some old fashioned us bashing so . . 
  yeah , `` error '' is probably the most we get from him . 
  `` the president called the soviet union an error interference in the internal affairs of countries in eastern europe '' and that the union itself was responsible for eastern-europeans often puting equation mark between nazism and stalinism . 
  the problem is , during jeltsin era , a lot of russian authors were exposing stuff that was done during soviet union both in the `` republics '' and satellite states . 
  beginning of putin-era , most of it was already closed again , like nothing had happened and soviet union was all flowers and butterflies . 
  whatever i think of putin , i think it is something a lot of eastern-europeans have liked to hear . 
  i care : ' (, 
  points 2 and 4 are truly my personal , subjective experiences when visiting belgrade during a debating simulation , so on a larger scale they are anecdotal . 
  at the same time , every serbian i meet is in a way a diplomat and a representative of this country ( horror of every small nation ) , and stong portraial of pro-putinism in your country presented in media does not make me thing about serbia as `` heh , why not '' . 
  ah ... neighbourly love ( jealoussy ) . 
  :d ( oh shit what have i done ), 
  i tend to follow a similair logic to this guy : http://www.voanews.com/content/wesley-clark-kosovo-ukraine/1936649.html, 
  im sure you hate them a bit inside - how many times have they been the asshats who have stopped you from getting a shiny golden medal in basketball at the olympics ... grrrr . 
  * you must feel so progressive with your non-white friends . 
  * with everything else you said i can kind of get your view but was this necessary ? 
  and no , you do not need to hate russia . 
  just having pro-putin protests in general is fucked up . 
  when we re-gained our independence , we were pure cowboy capitalism that in time has more and more moved towards ideas that are in finland . 
  so at the moment i feel we are a mix of cowboy mentality with public healtcare and some other public social benefits . 
  1 ) myth of friendly russia ( you havent shared border with them and you dont want to share border with them in the future ) . 
  2 ) `` liberal '' serbians , who i have met , still concider the killings of albanians `` controversial '' - ethnic cleansing isnt controversial , its just a war crime . 
  3 ) shit happening in ukraine is not comparable to the creation of kosovo . 
  4 ) blatant racism i encoutered with my non-white friends in belgrade . 
  estonia is developed developing country . 
  that says everything . 
  things are pretty ok but saying its the best is just blatant lie . 
  taking serbia into eu is a really-really bad idea . 
  putin probably does not eat babies for breakfast . 
  * national liberation movement ( nod in russian ) * ohh ... 
  i hope they are not building any obelisks of light next to our border . 
  i kinda like all the amerykans , who i have met in estonia . 
  we ` d have to import some ( baltic ) germans back . 
  thats why they are planning on building that tunnel between us ... 
  id form the finno-ugrian kingdom , declare war on sweden and latvia , take their wives and throphies and go to sauna . 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  i watched all the other videos also . 
  it must have been a suprise for a person who ended up on video 11 which starts with hello evrribadi , i\u00c4m de developerr of mai summmmerkar . 
  thanks a lot . 
  the portrayal of russia in estonian school books is usually even pretty positive from the time period 1800 until ~ 1880 when the russification wave came over ( during national awakening , they tried opening schools with estonian language as the main language , usually it was german , but they ended up being turned into russian schools ) . 
  the time period after russification is again seen pretty good . 
  also , there are examples of how estonians and baltic russians joined forces to tackle the baltic-german political elite in the cities . 
  after ww ii , every paragraph is basically just depressive . 
  thanks for the info . 
  could you please give me the names of the history books so i could check them out ? 
  well . . estonia got its religion , most parts of its culture and its understanding of city politics from baltic germans so . . from that side quite a lot really ? 
  mida helveti , it is laik visiting superalko on te viikend . 
  last legal president ? 
  really ? 
  what makes poroshenko less legal ? 
  is romania , now after all these years , being governed by illegal politicians , because nicolae ceau\u0219escu was taken down ? 
  really ? 
  ussr took on normandy ? 
  ussr took on pacific theater ? 
  africa ? 
  ussr had its own strong agenda which was to end up making a deal with western powers - alright , i will draw the border from the middle of germany on which everything else onwards is ours ( while not giving a single fuck about poles , estonians , lithuanians , slovakians , checzh , romanians etc ) . 
  and no - killing its own educated officers before ww ii by nkvd isnt a smart choice - you end up being led by incompeted idiots who get a lot of young russian men killed under stalingrad and other places . 
  russian defence ministry tends to purely rewrite things that have happened . 
  not really the case of nato , which of course has its own worldview . 
  i am purely talking about factual content - rdm bends or creates new `` facts '' for their cause , nato uses actual facts for its own ends . 
  wait . 
  we were just talking about stalin and now you bring in the imperial japan ( which has very little to do with the japan we are talking about nowadays ) . 
  and how did the us suddenly come in ? 
  the allies wasnt just ussr - there were more countries , including uk , australia , us , canada , polish and french resistance etc. 
  why do you comment when you do not even care to look up facts from wiki ? 
  why are you whining if you are not even going to bring out any clear points about this video on what was factually wrong etc ? 
  please fill the info they left out, 
  wait , so we did not have baltic germans and estonians here before who had already made an infrastructure on par with rest of europe in the beginning of 20th century ? 
  oh . . russians educating us again . 
  positively . 
  liking eu and seeing us as a partner are not mutually exclusive . 
  thats interesting . 
  in estonia , the view is very different , especially amongst my age group ( 25 ) . 
  us is seen as a friend that has helped us build up a lot of things while russia is the angry bear who fucked everything up during the occupation . 
  you could have also just said that only russians understand what happens in russia . 
  only russians know what is right and only russian media is correct . 
  in essence - everything is good that comes from east !, 
  i think you have a spot on conclusion of the whole absurdity of the situation . 
  have an upvote . 
  i experienced it first hand when my finnish buddy bought tons of karhu beer from tallinn to take home . 
  `` buh ... but . . what about saku ? '',
