  i 'm very liberal green/leftist up to the moment when it comes to islam . 
  european multiculturalism is awesome idea for me so is the european union . 
  islam for me have no place in civilized societies . 
  but i do agree , everything went way too far and it 's too late at least for the western europe . 
  at this point i am willing to sacrifice my ideologies and push my country and hopefully europe to the right/conservative side and at least try to save what remains . 
  a person who wrote it needs a reality check . 
  just like almost everything else about situation in poland landing on this sub . 
  that 's the point . 
  even center is being called fascists these days . 
  it 's almost like everythingnotme = fascism . 
  whoaa chill out man . 
  you call it propaganda while giving the guardian as a source ... 
  great read , something sane about situation in poland at last . 
  still few days left folks !, 
  it 's not really confirmed yet . 
  bild despite being an `` entertainment '' media outlet is pretty accurate with their `` leaks '' . 
  no official statement yet though . 
  that is still quite a huge support . 
  how are other parties in poland doing ? 
  my wife is polish , and this is exactly what she said . 
  she went quite `` vocal '' against pis though . 
  could the first comment there be pretty much spot on ? 
  yes we do , but in my age some of the things just fly out of your head . 
  i asked about deeper meaning behind naming those ships after norse gods , probably phrased it wrong though . 
  anything special hidden behind those nicknames ? 
  there are still few days left folks !, 
  think about it everytime you try to compare poland or hungary to putin 's russia . 
  they would have to fine ard and zdf every evening . 
  you would be suprised how multicultural warsaw is . 
  oh ok . by your way of thinking every country in europe is racist and backward . 
  or is it somehow only one group of people you are pointing your fingers at . 
  are you trying to prove that generalizations are wrong by generalizing a whole country ? 
  i know right , europe would be soooo much better without those cultureless , historyless uneducated filthy rednecks from poland . 
  we could just partition their lands once again , they are noone anyway . 
  so you could say that this is a nice sign of european unity . 
  i do n't think he ever had a history book in his hands . 
  pretty bold statement coming from the most racist and xenophobic person on this sub . 
  `` there is a reason why italy , which has been shaped by dozens of different cultures from the nordic ones to the mena ones , is so full of history while `` monocultural '' societies like poland are basically a meme born in eu4 . 
  you know why no one gives a fuck about polish history except poland posters on r/europe ? 
  i 'll tell you : because deep inside people still think poles are nothing but the redneck slavs of europe . '', 
  just listen to yourself . 
  oh god the view !, 
  poland never change please , we would n't be europe without you . 
  same goes for our southern bros , and even british . 
  german sharing his viewpoint reporting in . 
  we are a very populous country , few people on r/europe does not define us . 
  done , thanks . 
  best one so far, 
  is that a death star ... 
  looks good for me :d, 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://listenonrepeat.com/watch/?v=5ynz3scbe50#adriano_celentano_azzuro ), 
  ] ( http://listenonrepeat.com/watch/?v=5ynz3scbe50#adriano_celentano_azzuro ), 
  look at the u/trigger888 here in this sub ... spending his days posting anti-eastern european shit posts , strategically voting to promote only his views / r/europe has become a place where he find like-minded posters and they can get away with racist , populist crap, 
  wool and fur that 's it . 
  that was really low . 
  stop embarassing yourself . 
  you act like you have some kind of moral highground here while placing every eastern european under the same line . 
  at what point this way of thinking becomes fine in someone head is what baffles me the most . 
  `` class '' is a noun that can be both singular and plural . 
  plural is what he actually meant if you read the whole statement . 
  so yes i can read , and you ? 
  why do n't you say it then . 
  why hide behind a well articulated phrases . 
  just say it how it is . 
  say it . 
  91 % muslims in a city centre school . 
  nope , no problem . 
  this is not weihnachtsmarkt from my childhood . 
  aldi s\u00fcd master race, 
  enough . 
  i kinda hoped people would understand that my post was sarcastic . 
  did n't mean to upset you . 
  send those people some weapons , let 's make another maidan . 
  we could also send some jets and few bombs here and there . 
  it 's time to bring back democracy in poland . 
  but that is nothing new in poland , and total abortion ban did n't went through , am i right ? 
  is there a law in poland that let the government prosecute women for abortion ? 
  i do n't really get what is wrong with both of those laws . 
  if i would do this , my own friends would send me to hospital . 
  it 's almost as good as the guardian or bbc . 
  i 'm a big fan of sebastian kurz . 
  we could use someone like him here . 
  i think `` vodka for breakfast '' for our ee bros is missing too . 
  i like it . 
  some serious questions and a little bit of fun . 
  ca n't wait for the results . 
  stopped reading after `` zombie catholics '' . 
  [ most dezember one i could find . 
  i just wanted to see a little bit of it , like you know fire it up for a minute to see if its any good , spent more than an hour watching every legends movie by allegro . 
  twardowsky was the best imo . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  you are n't any better to be honest , hate and bigotry inside you blinds your ability to a healthy judgement . 
  you would fit very well with the `` nationalists '' you hate so much . 
  i knew from the first sight of your posts here that you are just a troll . 
  thanks for confirmation . 
  why do n't you cover the comments and actions of moderate politicians then , there is a plenty of sources to achieve that . 
  it 's breitbart of the left at this point . 
  why ban one and allow the other is what baffles me the most .
