discussion ends when insults starts to fly . 
  keep on repeating those buzzwords and you 'll enjoy afd in a few years . 
  shoosh with your facts , it does n't suit this subreddit agenda . 
  oh , up to this point i tought you were actually serious . 
  how do you imagine elections in the u.s without electoral college ? 
  i think you 've made a typo , it 's regress not progress . 
  so edgy, 
  people like you are the reason why trump won . 
  ignorance and arrogance of your comment is what makes some people sick of liberals and left . 
  enough is enough . 
  pp ( rajoy ) is more on the right/conservative side actually . 
  top party in spain atm . 
  this . 
  go mr. trump , we the people of europe are counting on you . 
  after so many years of complete failure , destructive political correctness and ugly propaganda , it 's time for regressive liberal/left to step down . 
  inb4 : millions of persecuted turks . 
  it has been here for at least a decade already . 
  many right-wing parties across europe are no longer homophobic , and almost none want to reduce lgbt rights . 
  what is your solution then , how should we deal with right wing and conservatives . 
  human rights are not exclusive to the left side of the political spectrum . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  there are many children who could have a much better life because of this . 
  never did . 
  crusades were a defensive measure . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/qlwfukiumyw ) and [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/vwx1skncyoa ) . 
  pretty low of you putting those leaders with erdogan under the same line . 
  drugs are bad m ` kay . 
  constant calling trump fascist and hitler is damage control of the left in usa . 
  and it 's backed by outright lies forged by the mainstream media . 
  you really does n't have to be on either side to spot how far it went . 
  something else than merkel that is not afd . 
  many people around here really wish that this is the moment where spd goes back to it 's roots . 
  well done !!, 
  that is what i did . 
  had a little burnout after a few comments here and there today . 
  protip : you can undelete almost everything on reddit . 
  cheers !, 
  fair enough ... at least you took your time to prove your point . 
  healthy argument is important , and if you look around we are loosing it , including me . 
  so is it global sentiment or not , are both global sentiments or neither is . 
  due to outright barbaric lgbt situation in a muslim world your photo could probably be a global sentiment . 
  20 people in the photo , global sentiment . 
  nice argument you 've got there . 
  we promote fredom of speech here and no one is forcing you to stay here . 
  there is plenty of echochambers too choose from around reddit . 
  so what is your opinion about him ? 
  donald trump literally isis , kkk and hitler . 
  way to go r/europe . 
  outside of this place i 'm afraid to say that i support trump . 
  social exclusion is what awaits you here for even reminding that trump could not be that bad afterall . 
  he is a next hitler according to my family and friends because this is how media and elites told them . 
  he is also portaited as a fascist racist against woman and lgbt rights . 
  media are feeding us with this shit everyday . 
  you can feel their agenda around every corner including state television that just few days ago openly compared him to hitler ... literally . 
  they 've trained us very well . 
  worst thing about it is that violence is becoming somewhat justified against everyone who disagree with so called `` liberal '' elites . 
  i 'm sitting in a front of a tv now , watching one an ard channel . 
  there was some kind of reportage about movie about a black girl trying to work for nasa in 50-60 , their comment right after was that this is what trump promotes right now , a racial segregation . 
  no matter where you look , is trump and direct and indirect comparisons to hitler , fascists and kkk . 
  wake the fuck up people . 
  i would rather emigrate than have anything to do with afd . 
  is it really so hard to belevie that there are people on the liberal/left side who want at least to try and defend it from a dangerous ideology hidden behind modern islam , just like we defend it from a far-right idelogies . 
  anyway why are you that afraid of hearing a different opinion . 
  edit : what do you want from me anyway , to dissapear from your sight , unsubscribe from r/europe and land in some echochamber blob . 
  i honestly belevie this is one of the reasons why the_donald emerged and went that much mainstream here on reddit . 
  deny people their voice by reducing them to fascists and hitler and observe how afd grows in power . 
  independent is breitbart of the left . 
  and honestly the link you provided kinda proves it . 
  itt : people defending islam with everything they got , while blaming everything evil on center to the far right of the political spectrum . 
  r/europe is lost . 
  it is justified when you spend your time watching the young turks and sitting on r/socialism . 
  i 'm 35 years old liberal and i voted for the greens my entire life . 
  also i would rather emigrate than vote for afd , but no one seems to care ... i 'm just another fascist alt-right winger . 
  for everyone wondering why we germans do n't trust usa now , this is the reason . 
  brainwashing propaganda everywhere you look , done by elites disguised as `` good '' liberal governments with their `` journalists '' standing behind them . 
  they 've trained us very well into almost complete submission , where we consider their political opponents fascist and nazis . 
  well done . 
  \\ #punchanazi am i right ? 
  * behemoth , 
  remind me please why independent is still allowed here while we got their conservative equivalent breitbart banned . 
  spot on , it 's outright ugly . 
  good luck uk bros. 
  show me one predominantly muslim country that is not opressing women or lgbt community , and does not prosecute other religions . 
  when european country propose immigration system like in canada they are called nazis . 
  not to mention canada healthy way of dealing with refugees , just try to propose something like this here in germany . 
  i went to sleep with forts and castles , woke up to cows . 
  bias  the guardian  propaganda  cancer  s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung . 
  this is just my personal opinion after being in a few predominantly eastern european hotels around europe . 
  i 'm 35 years old so i did visited quite a few in my life . 
  my wife is polish so i 've been to few with load of poles , also for someone who really like crete and kos ... russians are just inevitable part of it . 
  what really stuck in my head is how well their children behaved . 
  first thing i do before booking my holidays is a background check . 
  if it 's a `` british '' tourist spot or a hotel , i immediately look for something else . 
  british are fine people , they are always very nice when the place you visit is somewhat balanced , but when it 's mostly british hotels or tourist areas ... these are a big nope . 
  russians and eastern europeans overall are suprisingly very well mannered people . 
  `` what the refugees bring to us is more precious than gold , it is the unflinching belief in the dream of europe , a dream that has been lost to us . '', 
  my government reacted when problem stood on our borders ... while italy malta spain and greece had this problem for years already , long before refugee crisis went `` mainstream '' . 
  anyway you ca n't force people to settle in countries they do n't want to settle in , and portugal was just as much as an example of that as eastern europe . 
  ee provided help directly to refugee camps across middle east where people in real need are , while providing solutions that we are more or less following now . 
  we have some newcomers yes .
