  but it 's also people in europe changing their minds , hence the eu reaction described in the article . 
  we called eastern europeans nazis just 1-2 years ago for having exact the same ideas we promote now when it comes to migrants , namely external border controls , checkpoints and closing `` ferry '' service near libya . 
  not that i 'm defending some of the controversial changes that has been done lately by polish or hungarian governments , but this is infuriating . 
  they should not get past the border at all . 
  honestly you could pin all of this to the whole political spectrum at the moment . 
  afd was always way too `` brown '' for me . 
  i voted green my entire life . 
  just another typical ad-hitlerium . 
  not that i agree with a far-right , but calling them hitler or fascists is not a viable argument . 
  with that kind of arguments you will only push more people to the right side of the spectrum . 
  i oppose islam as and ideology , because i believe it 's dangerous for our liberal and democtratic society , yet i have been called `` those '' names directly and indirectly here on many occasions . 
  if something had pushed me to the right side , it 's this . 
  rule number 6 is pretty clear though , hence the message from their mod . 
  have you read their sub rules before posting it ? 
  why do even people trust governments at all is what bother me the most . 
  what do you think about donald trump and what is your stance on massive uncontroled immigration from outside of the eu we have seen in a last few years . 
  are you serious ? 
  hijab is not fine . 
  it 's a sign of opression and fake ego many muslim men have . 
  opression of woman is not fine in western society . 
  they would just rebrand next day anyway . 
   it 'll be interesting to see how their policy of keeping immigration to a minimum and emphasizing technology ( robotics in particular ) will maintain their society . 
  in ww3 japan will use their spacefleet . 
  interesting to see this point of view . 
  thank you . 
  i have polish wife , can confirm . 
  * was, 
  in the middle east you would probably be killed on site . 
  islam is a vile and dangerous ideology to everything liberal and democratic we europeans achieved so far . 
  they will all use `` we were against assad regime , we ca n't go back '' excuse . 
  1171138 in 2016 over 1242572 in 2015 is still quite a lot . 
  https://www.easo.europa.eu/latest-asylum-trends check out november and october . 
  go for more if you are interested in official statistics . 
  https://www.easo.europa.eu/sites/default/files/latest%20asylum%20trends%20november%20draft%20wl.pdf https://www.easo.europa.eu/latest-asylum-trends, 
   we know he sexually assaults people no we do n't . 
   at best this story turns out to be true , at worst it hurts trumps reputation . 
  either way he loses , so this is good i guess . 
  you could at least try and hide your agenda . 
  i took you seriously up to this point , honestly . 
   most of the trump/russia rumors have turned out to be true so far can you back up your statement with facts ? 
  this . 
  i literally assume bullshit every time i listen to the media or read the newspapers , no matter on what side of the political spectrum they are . 
  but maybe that is a good thing after all . 
  it 's quite popular here . 
  for once i agree with you . 
   trumptards nice argument you 've got there . 
  so they 're not ? 
  make babies . 
  everytime i swim in mediterranean im scared of fish . 
  are n't `` towelheads '' like hindu and sikhs ? 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  or gtfo . 
   in the aftermath of the berlin attack , de maiziere admitted there were 550 islamist gef\u00e4hrder ( including amri ) in germany , around half of whom had no german passport , and 62 of whom had had their asylum applications rejected . 
  sigh ... unzips, 
   rotten trumpkin i will put it on my wall of honour , next to libtard , alt-right gentleman and fascist . 
  i really tried to give you a benefit of a doubt and take you seriously , up to this point . 
   have relatives in ukraine and russia oh , it explains your comment history and agenda very well . 
  i did , you seems to be holding some serious grudge against poles and poland . 
  we got breitbart banned here and i do agree with it , but honestly the guardian should land in the same spot . 
  ** read kant you cunt !, 
   that now seems to be changing . 
  idealism is losing its german insouciance . 
  the darker sides of migration are being discussed : jihadist recruitment , the dangers of radicalization , social welfare fraud . 
  questions about the success , or otherwise , of integration are being asked more openly than before . 
  there has also been a political response . 
  laws have been tightened , and the federal criminal police office and the federal office for the protection of the constitution have been given new powers : politically necessary measures , but sobering news . 
   germany , it seems , is starting to practice dark thinking , to get used to the idea that other places are less idyllic than here behind the german , or european , picket fence , or in the left-wing , alternative , hip districts in the major cities . 
  outside these idylls , it 's a different world - and by no means a better one . 
  that 's not nice . 
  but it 's good to acknowledge it . 
  idealism needs realism : only then can it find expression . 
  election mode intensifies . 
   then they looked at american college campus gender politics , us academia brand of marxism and also tumblr and loved what they saw . 
  this is why left is loosing all around the globe . 
   i see `` finland '' . 
  so i guess you are either in st petersburg or  somewhere in the us mid west . 
  hence i suggested spanish . 
  you see , this is the exact moment where people stop to take you seriously . 
  get to the point please . 
  stop babbling and leave already . 
    sexually assaulted  you mean pick clean of any valuables ? 
  because that was the goal . 
  nickname checks out . 
  come and visit d\u00fcsseldorf , go near hbf and try to take a walk from altstadt to kaiserswerth , visit once high quality life golzheim and derendorf areas on your way and see for yourself . 
  my mom lives in stockum and evening walks with a dog near rhine is something you simply do n't do anymore because of the huge fl\u00fcchtlingsunterkunft nearby . 
  same goes for the park near rhine in golzheim where i live . 
  life has changed for us dramatically since 2015 yes . 
  it 's a standart thing around here . 
  no legal documents plus multiple identities . 
  how a country like mine could allow it is beyond me . 
  with the difference that they could not legally use it against me , for example in the court . 
  i 'm afraid this is going to change . 
  we feel safe yes . 
  but we also get this feeling somewhere in the back of our heads everytime we hit an overcrowded area . 
  d\u00fcsseldorfer altstadt is somewhat different in my head now , something is n't exactly as it was . 
  you could say that i 'm not afraid because i go there very often despite terror attacks in europe , but i 'm clearly more aware and vigilant . 
  i feel safe , but my life has changed . 
  this is the moment when they will try to invade our privacy in the name of national security . 
  just to be clear , i 'm not defending her . 
  we consider eastern europeans culturally compatible , some other groups of immigrants not so much .
