how could it be beautiful if there had n't been wwii . 
  it 's frightening what socialistic architecture have done with warsaw . 
  no poland was n't stronger than britain or france . 
  but why was it good that we were devided ? 
  and i 'm concerned how such understanding of history by average russians can influence on their future . 
  they seem not to want to learn other versions . 
  you can only laugh at it . 
  polish media treat this information as humoristic one . 
  i prefer window , especially xp . 
  linux is better for more experienced users . 
  it 's so stupid that even ministry says that they have n't received his letter . 
  if russia want to separate from europe , we should let it do it . 
  then russia will have only itself . 
  its economy can not exist without europe . 
  separating russia is the best way of weakening it . 
  i love such views of cold lands . 
  it 's much worse in case of rome . 
  do those red points represent capital cities ? 
  so maybe we should revive habsburg monarchy . 
  it 's real humanitarian action . 
  now ukraine can be a very peaceful and safe country . 
  :-) i can not even imagine how big european country can let its enemy do such things . 
  they have let them occupy crimea , now it they seem to do nothing with aggression in donbas . 
  i think that ukraine should n't play with separatists and russians . 
  it should attack separatists and push them out of this cities . 
  they should destroy entire resistance and everything which cross their border without their permission . 
  if they play like that longer , they will lose lose next territories . 
  i 've read the russians have forbidden crimean tatars to celebrate it . 
  each year they celebrated their siberian exile . 
  see what is reason of it . 
  http://khpg.org.ua/en/index.php?id=1408454954 http://qha.com.ua/krimskie-tatari-ne-budut-provodit-miting-23-avgusta-izza-zapreta-139261.html, 
  even then they thought that ukraine is natural zone of russian influences , or even it should be part of russia . 
  the further from russia ukraine is , the angrier russia 's reactions are . 
   poland is n't central europe . 
  if not in central then where ? 
  i know that due to ussr eastern block recovered from damage of iiww but we can not forget that it was actually lasting 40 years occupation of big part of europe . 
  most of those nations did n't want to have soviet system and governments chosen by moscow . 
  so tell me how ussr built factories in central europe . 
  do you mean that soviet domination was a good time ? 
  where did soviets build factories ? 
  surely not in poland . 
  these monuments are symbols of 40 years of occupation . 
  as pole i can say that ussr and red army did n't do anything good for my country . 
  should we thank them for 40 years of social and economical underdevelopment ? 
  yes , they should be shown in such context . 
  how is it with communist criminals in romania ? 
  how many of them was sentenced after 1989 ? 
  were there important people from ceaucescu regime among them ? 
  why was n't he charged earlier ? 
  why do such crimes have to wait for judgement over 20 years ? 
  so , do we have to have monuments worshipping genocidal system , which enslave many nations in big part of europe . 
  in such case we should build monuments for nazis because nazism could rise up once again . 
  of course . 
  because of this `` freedom '' and its wonderful economical system central and eastern europe is 20 or 30 years behind the west . 
  privately i think that all soviet monuments in central europe should be destroyed . 
  they 're symbols of `` freedom '' brought on soviet bayonets . 
  each man should have right to deciding about own life and death . 
  if someone ca n't stand his pain , agony , if he knows that he can only wait for the death , i do n't see any reason for which we can forbid euthanasia . 
  i would n't call those people `` suicide tourists '' . 
  it sounds like they would do it for pleasure or for fun . 
  what is novoukraine ? 
  i know , i understand . 
  but simply i thought that it has deeper and older causes , coming from yugoslavia . 
  so maybe entire moscow should be ukrainian . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  what a pity that ceausescu destroyed big part of it . 
  these numbers are terrible . 
  i ca n't believe that something like that can be in today europe . 
  does anyone know what are reasons of this situation ? 
  now ukrainians can say that it 's theirs . 
  they have their flag on it . 
  yeah , only something of this kind can prove their version . 
  i think ukraine will do it . 
  i do n't know what russia expects to hear form those records . 
  photos from belgium seem to be from a game . 
  you say we should work towards the change . 
  what change ? 
  in my opinion the only way to end this circle of spying is to say everything frankly . 
  each government would have to say frankly about its aims and what it thinks about other countries . 
  but it 's impossible . 
  governments must have a few secret things or secret knowledge to use it when it is needed . 
  it 's nothing unusual . 
  if usa can spy europe , especially germany , why ca n't we do same ? 
  every country should have limited trust for its allies . 
  we can not believe only in words said publicly . 
  i doubt that kalisz in poland existed in 1st century ad . 
  ancient roman geographer ptolemy wrote about place called calisia somewhere on those territories but its exact location is not known . 
  according to historians calisia could be in slovakia or belarus . 
  there are not any reasons to thing that calisia was today kalisz . 
  it 's only interesting legend . 
  i almost do n't travel . 
  i do n't know if i want to cry or laugh . 
  einstein was right , human stupidity does n't have any borders . 
  our beautiful continent so long history , at least the southern part of . 
  why nationalism ? 
  do n't they have right to independence ? 
  it was the one of the best examples of european solidarity and resistance against totalitarian system . 
  polish-lithuanian union in 1569 `` liberation '' of poland by soviets in 1945 . 
  so in poland there are as many bisons as in entire russia ? 
  i knew that their population in our country is big , comparing to rest of europe , but i did n't realise how big differences are .
