bavaria pushing us up to 44 % : ^ ), 
  this honestly blows my mind right now . 
  i 've never in my entire life heard of ` deka ' . 
  just asked an austrian friend of mine if this is actually a thing over there , because i thought you guys were trolling or making things up , but he confirmed it . 
  the more you know . 
  it is . 
  think about who will pay your pension when you 're old if there are n't enough young and working people paying into the pension fund . 
  this is depressing . 
  no , most definitely not . 
  no german in his right mind would sing `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' . 
  if you look at schweinsteiger you can clearly see him mouth `` f\u00fcr das deutsche vaterland '' , which is only sung in the third and official stanza . 
  i think you should read up on what rape actually is . 
  there were about 20 reports for rape . 
  the rest of the reports were about theft , assault and sexual assault . 
  you can look up the official police reports if you do n't believe me . 
  obviously , this is terrible and should never happen . 
  yet you , who does n't live here and has no idea how day-to-day life is in this country , feel like you 're able to judge the situation . 
  the fact alone that you 're saying thousands of women have been * raped * shows how misinformed and ignorant you are . 
  assuming that you are an american , it 's also quite ironic that somebody like you would call another country a mess , as where you 're living , mass shootings by your own fellow citizens are a common occurence . 
  people who sit in glass houses , should n't throw stones . 
  so stop trying to lecture me about how my country is a mess and telling me i 'm a disgrace to my country , when it 's obvious that you do n't have the slightest clue , what you 're talking about . 
  german here , we 're fine . 
  but you can still keep believing alternative facts or as i like to call them - blatant lies . 
  i 'm assuming you 're american ? 
  if so , how on earth can you of all people call another nation arrogant or accuse them of moral high horsing ? 
  just keep telling yourself that you guys speak proper german . 
  as long as you guys believe it , it counts ... sort of . 
  i would like to see your sources for your claims of half of the refugees being economic immigrants . 
  with bavaria being the richest federate state in germany , that 's exactly how it should be . 
  bavaria ... of course : ^ ), 
  as a german , i call bullshit on your bullshit . 
  many people just want change , which makes this poll absolutely plausible . 
  just look around in social media and you will see a lot of german people being extremely happy that he will go against merkel . 
  you 're hating on germany in every thread i 've ever seen you in . 
  i do n't really understand what your fucking problem is . 
  it 's not like you guys are dependent on us or anything . 
  did some german guy steal your girlfriend or where does all this dislike for germany come from ? 
  it 's not like we could n't have a big military . 
  we 're choosing not to because it is not necessary . 
  you guys on the other hand have a history of liking to play god , forcing your ideals and values on other countries . 
  how has this worked out for you ? 
  i 'll tell you - the whole middle east is fucked because of it . 
  also , if you had paid attention in history class , the first world war was not our fault entirely . 
  the austro-hungarian empire started it and we stood by them as allies . 
  and even if we had n't , a world war would 've started eventually , since all countries in europe were ready for war and wanted it , too . 
  i 'll give you the second one but saying we ca n't handle having a strong military because we would all murder each other , is ignorant . 
  given your track record in the past few decades , i 'd say a huge military would be safer if it were ours than yours . 
  i really respect your attitude , my friend . 
  wishing you guys all the best . 
  i 'm rooting for all of you . 
  well , the cdu/csu ( merkel ) used to form coalitions with the fdp ( yellow ) a lot , but since fdp are really right weak now and they usually wo n't consider forming a coalition with greens , linke or afd for political reasons , they formed a `` great coalition '' with the spd the last time around , which is what we have right now . 
  some are speculating they might want to form a coalition with the greens this time , because work between spd and cdu/csu has n't been that great , but if greens and cdu/csu ca n't reach any consensus on their political views , and cdu/csu wins the vote , it will most likely be spd and cdu/csu together again with merkel as chancellor . 
  i never said you were wrong . 
  i put facts in italic because you made it personal for no reason by implying i was hurt by your endless knowledge and wisdom . 
  he always has been a strong supporter of eurobonds . 
  well no , he 's thanking [ / r/the _ schulz ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/the_schulz ) . 
  i 'm not hurt by your * facts * . 
  just interested in what kind of person i 'm dealing with . 
  just read a bit of your comment history . 
  you really hate germany , huh ? 
  of course a swiss person would say that . 
  he 's adressing german people , so i do n't see the problem here . 
  aside from that , he can speak english , french , italian , dutch and spanish . 
  moon nation or perhaps space nation ? 
  do n't worry . 
  we will * save * you and then you 'll have a nice and shiny red , just like greece . 
  they 're winning alright !, 
  they 're just going the wrong direction . 
  i 'd say that 's a ridiculous claim to make . 
  it really depends on what you define as beautiful or nice . 
  speaking architecturally , berlin is quite confusing because there is such a huge clash between old , traditional architecture , the ugly style of stalinist architecture and modern architecture . 
  but if you look at berlin from a cultural perspective , it is a beautiful city . 
  there are few cities in the world with so much history . 
  also , berliners are really diverse , and liberal , while still being distinctly `` berlinerish '' which in my opinion is a really great thing . 
  berlin is quite cheap compared to the rest of germany , * but * wages are also really shitty compared to the rest of germany . 
  source : live in berlin, 
  i promise , if somebody ever decides to invade you guys , i wo n't join in . 
  i like you guys too much . 
  yeah and most of germany ca n't really relate with the south . 
  i know many people who literally hate bavaria . 
  well , if you 're back here , just hit me up . 
  i 'd walk around berlin with a canadian any day !, 
  you know , there is a difference between people making jokes about it or mocking you and reflecting on it in a serious manner . 
  obviously , i get annoyed if someone greets me with `` sieg heil '' or salutes to me in the hitler salute ( this happened with americans a lot . 
  i guess they thought it was funny to me ) . 
  but , the holocaust is part of our history . 
  a really dark one at that and we should never ever forget or stop reminding people that this happened , because it 's important and will always be important . 
  definitely . 
  i 'm still thinking that the uk leaving was a mistake but nevertheless , i hope you guys do well . 
  i think what he 's trying to say is that the long term effects of you leaving are not represented in current statistics yet . 
  sure , you 're doing reasonably well at the moment , but the interesting part starts when the uk feels the consequences of actually leaving the single market . 
  because that has n't happened yet . 
  as of now , businesses are still happily trading with the european union . 
  i always wonder if i would be such an amazing human being when confronted with a situation like this . 
  the world does n't look so dark if you hear stories about people like him . 
  as a berliner , i just hope one thing to stay true : wars could n't divide us , walls could n't divide us , so we will stand united and face whatever is coming at us with hope and dignity . 
  you and me both , buddy . 
  yeah , that 's some hypocritical bullshit right there . 
  you 're basically saying that you would n't panic , like every other person , no , you would risk your own safety and crash your fucking car into the attacker just to stop him . 
  who are you , bruce willis starring in fast and furious ?
