  p8 : 00000000001458a1, 
  attached files :, 
  these files may be available here :, 
  analysis symbol :, 
  rechecking for solution : 0, 
  report status : 0, 
  downgrading to 350.12 did n't help ( asus 780 ) , dx11 still crashes and freezes . 
  duty finder is for learning because of multiple reasons . 
  party finder is for people who want specific things , one of them being experienced party , for people who completed run one time , ten times or a hundred times . 
  all dd guys dying from whatever statuses you have or just low on hp - get to the fookin ' fairy !!, 
  ! 111 not on the other side of the damned arena !, 
  no sir , that stone after which you are hiding wo n't heal you - the fookin ' fairy will !, 
  and it is not a choppa ' , i ca n't control its positioning - you have to the to the choppa ' instead . 
  15 yalms man , you have 15 yalms and thats it !, 
  you should make a foocking macro for their foocking macro :, 
   ( healer ) await dispel in 5 < se .3 , 
   ( healer ) await dispel in 4 < se .3 , 
   ( healer ) await dispel in 3 < se .3 , 
   ( healer ) await dispel in 2 < se .3 , 
   ( healer ) await dispel in 1 < se .3 , 
   ( healer ) dispel now . 
  a theory is that without humans earth would be actually slowly cooling into the next ice age ( it is not an instant process after all ) . 
  so it is closer to patching leaky pressure vessel with a duck tape and then increase the pressure inside even more . 
  or as an another example - heating an iron inside a refrigerator . 
  we could also go all the way through the extinction to advanced gene-engineering , eugenics , terraforming , ai and stuff . 
  but the probability that we 'll do it is even lower that cooperating and cutting emissions now . 
  religions and conservatives wo n't allow this ever . 
  you mean of roberts space industries ? 
  is there any significant difference between cast iron skillet and sufficiently massive and thick modern one with teflon coating ? 
  and using them at really high temp for meat ? 
  my country was late to the teflon party and most of the adults have seen and cooked on cast iron because there was nothing else available . 
  now i wo n't use those things even if they 'll pay me . 
  for me it looks like yet another `` see , i 'm different '' fad . 
  3t is impossible to buy now , same with meizu p6p . 
  xiaomi does some weird stuff with regional limitations - mi 5 global , mi 5s china , note 2 - global and china and global is hard to buy etc. 
  1 +3 ( non-t ) is taken out of sale . 
  i want 3t but it seems i 'll buy p9 , it is also good and it is widely available in my country ( global and china versions ) . 
  the only unavailable p9 are red and blue but ... we ca n't ca n't have all the nice things , so gold it is . 
  that was controlled , and this was not :, 
  i restarted from scratch on cerberus , there are definitely lots of people in 3 starting cities and big part of them are newbies with sprout icon . 
  i guess lots of them are due to sale in steam and other vendors . 
  waiting time yesterday to ifrit ( normal ) as dd was 25 minutes . 
  i consider it great compared to ~ 100 minutes on sargatanas in 2.0 . 
  do n't know what happens on high level though . 
  not many fc announcements in shout , i 've seen only 2 people advertising . 
  still debating who to join . 
  try frame limit at 60fps . 
  would be nice if they 'll make witcher 3 like mechanic - you can walk into the water or fall and you can actually move forward + jump and character will dive with proper dive movement , hands and face forward . 
  if dd do n't have aoe or it is weak then there is no point at all to chain pull . 
  is this tf2 clone that good ? 
  or is it just blizzard hype marketing working ? 
  what i 've seen in first trailer was just childish remake of tf2 classes and now it is suddenly game of the year everywhere . 
  thanks , maybe i 'll try it . 
  i never said that tf2 was bad , on the contrary it was very good , so any `` clone '' should be also rather good by default . 
  i only wondered what was the differentiator that made it so popular . 
  also - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_severin#the_brendan_voyage_.281976.e2.80.931977.29, 
  ok , i found solution - silent is actually what i needed , accept all calls and no sound . 
  it seems like they are labeled in reverse - dnd is dead silent mode and silent is dnd office mode . 
  or i 'm missing something , 
  i use weatherpro . 
  in europe it is pretty good . 
  widget of this app is functional but rather horrible looking , app itself is nice . 
  try to find app that support meteoradar , but not all countries have data to populate such apps . 
  central europe has radar data , eastern europe almost absent . 
  newbie channel is a joke . 
  you actually need to know about it and ask someone to invite to it . 
  i doubt even half of newbies ever saw it . 
  would be fun to watch such question and trump answer `` f | | ck bible , there is no god and all religions are basically lies . 
  today we are going to ban scientologists , watch our joint fbi/army raid on scientologists holdouts at 15:00 on live tv . 
  tomorrow we are closing all churches and congress will vote on propaganda ban . '' . 
  i 'm not advocating segregation or other nasty stuff but it would be fun indeed to watch someone powerful in the world to move against churches and brainwashing . 
  somehow trump is the one could even think about that . 
  mine did n't track steps at night but instead once it tracked sleep while laying on the table at night . 
  and i 'm also wondering abut precision of step counting during general activity/inactivity . 
  when i 'm constantly walking it is precise , but when i 'm just doing stuff inside the apartment and it count hundreds of steps in a few hours it is very suspicious . 
  i did n't get to test it yet . 
  it is 0.7 mah charger and then wireless module with not so perfect power transmission . 
  perfectly normal charge time for such low power setup . 
  you can check black leather band from s3 classic . 
  it is pure black with very small texture , if no better options are found this one should fit . 
  2 out of 2 for me . 
  i entered it 1st time , watched to about half of dungeon before i got stuck , disconnected and then watched second half with another party . 
  but i still had to break a few scenes before they ended playing to keep up in the end and wasted 3 hours in df . 
  really bad game design i 'd say , they probably hoped other people would help . 
  ps : are there any similar stunts in heavensward ? 
  i want to prepare fixed party his time before running such duties . 
  that 's cruel pet handling , eeta will you kill for this . 
  no , instead there should be a pet daycare facility , and you could only logout of the game after you transfer all your pets and mounts there one by one , with all required paperwork . 
  and pay for their care according to market prices . 
  chocobo alone would be a few thousands a day . 
  ps : also newbies could work part-time there , to earn a few gils for the living . 
  3t is absolutely awesome , do n't switch . 
  also price difference is about half of s3 watch or more for 64gb version . 
  `` make measles great again ! '', 
  this is just crazy . 
  kinda like tea party in wonderland . 
  for people suffering from rsi i highly recommend ms natural ergonomic 4000 keyboard with attached front plank . 
  yes it is big keyboard , it does n't have mechanical switches and it has weird f-keys layout but its form is absolutely awesome ( and cheap now ) . 
  it allows to keep left hand almost strait as opposed to crooked upwards , which hurts nerves inside . 
  you should take a few small furniture nails and carefully nail that stuff to the desk , right where they left it ,
