  we do n't usually burn lalas nowadays . 
  `` it is what it is , and nothing can be done about that . '' . 
  such reason . 
  so logic . 
  wow . 
  and timing . 
  if it was in april or may then arguably there wo n't be so many complaints . 
  but one week after releasing anima weapon it gets obsolete ? 
  it is infuriating . 
  shiba inu are one of the breeds closer related to wolves and also very old breed , so have more independent behavior . 
  ps : judging by you description my cat is most likely a shiba inu , 
  yoda would never invent such hideous plan . 
  fox broadcasting guys on the other hand ... 
  though if they were in charge they would probably also scrap part 4 and air second half of part 6 somewhere in the middle of part 2 . 
  just for the lulz you know . 
  and `` to improve ratings '' . 
  ps : remember firefly . 
  wow . 
  just , wow . 
  why would anyone do this ? 
  i could probably understand anything , even burning 19 women alive for refusing being raped , but closing toilet for kids ? 
  what is the reason , who could even remotely benefit from this ? 
  i can only imagine some purple toad a-la that bitch in potter movies cacling in her cabinet while writing this order . 
  jumbo consolator machine, 
  nuke them from orbit !, 
  in those very rare just a little hard solo fights :, 
  arcanist ( basically a mini party with tank + healer )  lancer ( high defence on dd class )  monk ( squishy melee dd ), 
  but these moments are so rare that there is no need optimizing for them . 
  all other solo content is faceroll easy with tea in one hand and cake in another . 
  yes , stupid decision . 
  maybe they did it not to get in a lawsuit with apple . 
  dnd is totally useless ( except maybe for people making hundreds of calls per day ) . 
  as a workaround you can use a wearable device that will vibrate on your wrist quietly and setting phone to silent , but buying 30 $ to 300 $ device to fix one issue is not a solution really . 
  the calls will go through on middle setting , just not all of them . 
  so we have :, 
  normal ring ;, 
  weird ring ;, 
  vibro or silent but in the depth of settings ;, 
  while i want :, 
  normal ring ;, 
  vibro ;, 
  silent ;, 
  or ability to customize each position . 
  happened once for me when i was driving . 
  it also did n't switch from walking to running - walking 10km/h , yeah , right . 
  i also want alt . 
  rom for feeding stupid apps fake data . 
  why would racing game want my contacts , geolocation , pictures etc. 
  is beyond understanding . 
  i read that in cyanogen you can feed apps empty or zero data for such requests . 
  unfortunately this ca n't be done without degrading camera and/or fingerprints , so i can only hope now . 
  what 's wrong with cropping ? 
  pick any large picture , resize by longer side , crop and you are set . 
  on phones it would be good . 
  i just wish there were tablets with more square ratio , like ipad . 
  they said that all arr regions could have been single continuous zones but they were split for ps3 . 
  minus the monitor price ( console guys `` forget '' to mention tv price usually  ) . 
  also if you really skimp on components and go for ffxiv only level you can drop in price even more . 
  then as said above used console can be 200 $ but used pc that can run ffxiv ok is also cheap . 
  sorry , no links because it was a long time ago . 
  i maybe even mistaken . 
  but as i remember this was the answer for split locs , as opposed to other new mmo of that year . 
  same logic also applies in reverse - most people probably already have a pc with a monitor . 
  in my demographic in the big city percentage of people without tv is about the same as percentage of people without pc , maybe several at all . 
  and if you going to say that older people tend to own more tvs then i highly doubt that this demographic plays ffxiv much . 
  need to remember to mention this next time someone says `` but not all muslims are the same , maybe middle east ones are wrong but look at the east asia countries , they are totally different . 
  religion of peace and sensibility . 
  if you see a bard not singing please ping him in chat . 
  sometimes it is just hard to remember everything at the end of the day . 
  hmm . 
  i thought it was some because people forget to click it but this is a whole new reason for it . 
  will remember to wait for more important rolls in the endgame . 
  weirbest people ? 
  `` they '' meaning reddit ? 
   no , for real , implying that it is smartwatch because countdown was round and there was text `` 24 hours '' yesterday and some old partnership with apple ? 
  so unreal . 
  what is an expectation for aoe damage in general ? 
  as a bard if i see tank doing big pull i switch to aoe but , even if i do n't use my 160tp and 200tp skills and use only 140tp one and immediately sing tp song with boost i 'm empty when reaching 40-50 % hp on mobs . 
  equipment 110-120 in early 50th hw duties . 
  if i do proper 140tp gcd + 200tp ogcd rotation them i 'm empty almost instantly and almost the same end result in damage . 
  is it really bad ? 
  how should i improve ? 
  this is basically what i 'm doing or trying to do . 
  the problem is that rain of death is 200tp , cone aoe is 140tp , so in 15 seconds i 'm burning around 1240tp while regen gives me aroung 450-720tp . 
  so in 30 seconds i 'm dry or close enough . 
  obviously this is a napkin calculation , so i 'm likely wrong somewhere . 
  i assume i need better equipment and better coordinate pre-burst skills and them during burst . 
  sb to do list :, 
  overhype yourself before the launch . 
  take a vacation for a first week . 
  grind mindlessly main story and whatever items they will add , do not read any texts to make it faster . 
  gring potd to level even faster . 
  burn out in a week . 
  complain about patch on forums for the next year . 
  i waited a long time , device got very hot at the top . 
  then i forced shutdown and turned it on again , this time it booted properly . 
  today did a reboot and it again booted fast as usual . 
  ps : does everyone got extra column for icons on desktop ? 
  now there are 5 columns on my device . 
  neat , but unexpected .
