  and people wonder why this sub is toxic . 
  sure , but megathread is essentially a subreddit - a separate place for art accessible with a single mouse click/tap . 
  now we are back to the beginning unfortunately . 
  they said something about unified worlds in older interviews ... 
  sorry , but that 's all i can say really  . 
  this sub was flooded with smallest scraps of info about red mage and other new possible jobs . 
  oh god yes , no more of that hissing bullshit sound !, 
  i could tolerate bard being a caster essentially but not while 2/3 of all awailable duties are < 52lvl where you are back to glorious archer . 
  constant changes are worse than wm by itself . 
   emo-scion, 
  was - annoying accidental mandatory crutch mechanic, 
  become - just a normal selfbuff, 
  why bother with abcdef letters for ranks , better do it this way : s ss sss ssss sssss ssssss sssssss ssssssss, 
  it is only logical , 
  ~ ~ meta ~ ~ best comp, 
  here , fixed that for you . 
  i suggest adding separate question about secondary job ( with `` no secondary '' answer ) . 
  i have all default views turned on and i have 8 visible hotbars at 90 % size . 
  six are stacked at the bottom with minimal spacing and two at the right side ( and two with toggles to turn on/off . 
  to be honest i have n't filled them all even 75 % but i 'm working on it  . 
  this game structure looks like a long tree with shorter branches - by branches i mean different activities . 
  you can get up to speed in some shorter branches in weeks . 
  you can get to competitive raiding level in several months . 
  competitive pvp in a few days even ( if you are max level ) . 
  next thing to consider - wealth . 
  in a course of regular playing you will accumulate a sum that is enough for most of the sold items . 
  playing on the marketboard you can get richer than some 1.0 old players in several months . 
  in patch 4.0 rolling out in june they will introduce shortcut potions that will accelerate your progress by 1-3 months . 
  also they will ease many requirements that exist , e.g. 
  for pvp . 
  it is very newbie friendly game , i myself started 5 months ago , 2.5 years too late and now comfortably levelled and equipped . 
  and i took long vacations , long time to do main story ( that will be skippable ) and so on . 
  where would you grind i170 then ? 
  you finish hw with i150 . 
  the easiest way is to spend 30 minutes in pvp and get 4000 wolf marks for i235 weapon . 
  if anyone says to you that any other i235 or lower ilvl weapon is better `` because muh pve !, 
  ! 11oneone '' you can honestly say to them that they are completely wrong and possibly hivemind . 
  as an addition you can run tower raids for 100 poetics and there are also often new people there for bonus . 
  also you will get several useful items via weekly quest . 
  in between run two roulettes . 
  you sold them the wrong part of the game . 
  ( joking ) i started in winter knowing that i 'll be way behind others and in a few months i 'm on par in most things that matter , but i thoroughly enjoyed the story , had many breaks and did stuff besides msq . 
  also all this time there are lots of sprouts running around and lots of them joined the same guild as me so we so lots of stuff to do together . 
  you are selling your friends fast ticked straight into grind for 110 $ . 
  i do n't know how else they could react really . 
  and this considering that ffxiv is just damn easy and fast . 
  it is not lineage 2 old chronicles , ultima or eve ffs . 
  i think new jobs will be locked behind ultima weapon , last in 2.0 msq . 
  they can farm potd for a few days ( and get to lvl17 by normal means but that is like 1 day ) and buy arr skip only and then it should work out theoretically . 
  and i 'm still waiting for fourth potato to show up . 
  that it is obviously not a screenshot . 
  it is incorrect to assume that majority of op buyers are tech enthusiasts or that op management is targeting them as a significant group . 
  but i do wish they made thicker phone , op3t is so hard to use naked , so wide and thin . 
  i resorted to buying a rubber case not to protect it ( never had a need ) but to improve handling at least a little . 
  fewer accidental touches with a palm due to raised lip of a case . 
  thicker profile of a phone allows for more comfortable grip . 
  rubber back is less slippery than metal . 
  i consider current power button placement bad and think that it should be higher . 
  when i was using it naked i often accidentally press power when putting phone in the pocket . 
  now rubber cover on buttons make it just a little bit harder . 
  insane grind or a very long time waiting ( therefore will be outdated ) . 
  it will not save you any time at this point or in sb . 
  i 'm doing it for lulz , semi-attactive glamour and storyline . 
  i200 part can be used to clear some lvl 50 duties to open roulette in the future . 
  i210 part is dump for beast tribe tokens and gc seals . 
  for i230 you can run weekly raid quest . 
  i230 and i240 is dump for lore is you have surplus . 
  i240 is a dump for poetics . 
  oil is 1 per week , or use lore . 
  cluster quests are not available until you actually get to that step , so ca n't be farmed beforehand . 
  no way to do it . 
  same goes for stupid hissing from wanderers minuet . 
  i 'm for invites in shout , it is a useful tool for sprouts . 
  least favorite - alphinaud ( ultra lame ) , rebirth of nanamo ( lame ) , not betrayal of urianger ( lame ) , wandrers minuet , wanderers minuet sound effect ( just plain stupid ) . 
  most favorite - estinien and ysayle , house fortemps , sky pirates story , alex story , ilberd story , wod backstory , vath tribe ( vath and sahagin are the best out of all of them ) . 
  should have been names life without soul , 
  what a nice screenshot you have here . 
  did you apply some reshade filter for this effect ? 
  try looking for polishing paste for glasses and metals . 
  it can be used for shallow scratches and you will need a lot of time polishing . 
  rugged armour is great . 
  and since it is a metal phone you wo n't need those more bulky cases . 
  screen protectors reviews here are mixed really , what i know is that stock film is horrible and should be taken off , i 'm using it without glass and have zero scratches so far . 
  the only arr vista i 've found but two months later i still have no idea how to trigger it . 
  the worsest . 
  i agree that this book is incredible . 
  incredibly dull and boring . 
  i read it and many other russian classics and certainly wo n't touch them again ever . 
  the biggest benefit is bragging rights . 
  most likely it is for final game size + update size . 
  zero scratches over 5 months now . 
  no screen protectors . 
  it is really unimaginative . 
  we are getting whole fanservice addon soon , with weaboos , samurai , likely pandas and stuff . 
  at least we should keep bosses original , if nothing else is . 
  sloppeh !, 
  i 'm unfortunately completely unfamiliar with ff lore , except for most famous things and characters from posters and trailers , so ffxiv was rather original for me . 
  i do n't like this easternization trend - ninjas , samurais etc. 
  though i suspect there were similar themes in older ffs . 
  i do n't want this universe to sidetrack into something foreign to it - like pandas in wow , dinosaurs in l2 etc.
