  ip region locked games need to die horrible death . 
  that 's even worse , it means you do n't care about scratches . 
  but how do you know where your tanks and healers are then ? 
  between eyecancer flashes , circles , all the running and watching my hotbars and enemy buffs it is hard to track that even with names turned on . 
  my major problem with wm is its horrible sound effect . 
  who even decided to do that ? 
  also if it was inserted into lower levels ( e.g. 
  level 10-20 ) it would be easier for people to become proficient with it . 
  i accepted the quest but never intended to grind it . 
  for now i 'm at first stage where you need to get 6 items from fates with random drop . 
  after several dozens of fates i do n't have even one item . 
  i 'm guessing it requires several hundreds of fates just for the first step that other people do n't even consider grindy . 
  there is also 10000 lore tomestones step ( iirc ) and others similarly huge . 
  my estimate is hundreds of hours of play time just for anima . 
  just get potd weapon and afterwards probably raid drops . 
  non-dresslike armor for mages and dd . 
  we should just rename it to mentors network and be done with it . 
  because some obscure chat that people have to know about and then beg random strangers to be invited ca n't be called novice . 
  also i read that sprouts are evicted from the nn at level 50 , right when they should start to have not obvious questions about skills , gearing , strategies etc. 
  your gpu is fine . 
  it should run at 60 fps or maybe a little slower at maxed settings . 
  cpu is fine too , the game only uses 4 cores anyway . 
  check your cooling , including cooling in psu . 
  try fresh install of windows . 
  switch to fullscreen ( if you are in windowed or borderless ) . 
  disable all overlays that you use - discord , act , steam and so on . 
  enable frame limiter in game . 
  update video driver and check its settings , maybe you have some overrides enabled for supersampling . 
  go to control panel - event viewer and look at error messages , maybe something is fatally failling in your system , in this case either try fresh install of windows or if it is not important device behaving try disconnecting it . 
  no , i meant that sprouts are evicted from chat but continue to be sprouts . 
  i was a sprout from 1 to 50 for about a month ( while i could have been in nn ) and continued to have that icon for the next month until i reached 7 days of ptime . 
  ps : point in story is entering ishgard it seems . 
  se just deprecate stuff too fast . 
  `` relics '' that drop from top tier in a week and drop to trash tier in a few months and so on . 
  ultra expensive dog piss . 
  we would of course prefer public bug tracker and email to support team but in the absence of that and total insulation of companies from customers we have to resort to leaving 1-star `` feedback '' , reporting valid bugs in sales chats and so on . 
  why should it lead anywhere ? 
  it just states a fact . 
  people get upset when they are told that significant portion of their life was a lie and will try to either bruteforce their opinion to reinforce their belief or failing that will ignore their opponents . 
  best leave discussing religion alone , it is completely unproductive regardless of whom your are speaking to . 
  wow . 
  but why ? 
  they are n't judean i suppose , at least not all of them . 
  til . 
  who would have thought that us has such a big percentage . 
  in my country circumcision is the thing that only guys over in israel do and even there not all of them . 
  on the other hand locked camera is useful in a scenario when you are running in circles around the monster and each attack will turn you facing target . 
  set two city-states as a favorite teleport locations and use the free company teleport for the third city . 
  also bind se password app to your account ( if can manage to remember your secret answers , unlike me ) and you will have 2 free teleport locations and 4 discounted ( 3 favorite and free company ) . 
  you can also turn off minion names and your own name ( since you are always in the center by default ) . 
  so they use instead `` genital mutilation of underage humans '' , like we all should ? 
  change to `` lore '' flair . 
  because it is . 
  to east is india and further is far east . 
  video editor ? 
  they are , by design . 
  in ukraine - 3t ( 64gb ) is 12500 uah , pixel xl ( 32gb ) is 25000 uah . 
  exactly two times more expensive . 
  while it seems that according to reviews pixel has better camera it just does n't justify price increase . 
  and op3t is not lacking in any department , it may be not perfect somewhere but not bad . 
  after reading this i ca n't really say that google has great support - https://www.reddit.com/r/googlepixel/comments/5x58ls/this_is_how_google_sends_out_refurbished_phones/, 
  also the fact that they shipped him refurbished phone as a replacement for new one is insane . 
  what is the point of fingerprint then if anyone can pick the phone form the table and read stuff there ? 
  spoken like a true legatus . 
  last protector i 've ever used was on resistive screen on wm pda . 
  on glass you do n't need them unless you plan to drop phone often . 
  i had phones with gorilla glass 1 for 2 years ( a few scratches visible only in contrast light ) , another gorilla glass 1 for 3 years ( a few scratches ) , corning concore for 1 year ( no scratches ) , op3t with gg 4 for almost 4 months ( no scratches ) . 
  metal unibody   wireless charging . 
  but for smartwatches true wireless charging is great , no need to fumble with plastic doors that tend to fall off or contact pads that never align at first or second try . 
  fanart , fanart disguised as screenshots , fanart disguised as fluff , fanart disguised as discussions , fanart as some other random unrelated tag , fucking fanart everywhere . 
  commissions discussions and fucking commissions advertising . 
  i will draw you character in that clothes or this clothes or no clothes . 
  get this in your head - your fanart is fucking ugly 95 % of the time and there is fucking subreddit for it - / r/ffxivart . 
  fucking stop dumping that shit on the mainpage , especially advertising posts !, 
  oh god !, 
  that latest additions are so horrible that they actually transcend to glorious . 
  thermalthurge , linda lominsa , loadstone ... huiton !, 
  ffs !, 
  the fuck were you doing with your 6600k ?!, 
  it should be fucking idling at 5 % while running this piece of 10 year old software . 
  my fucking bulldozer breezes through the game barely noticing it and your cpu is way more powerful . 
  check your fucking software and windoze event viewer for errors . 
  just spam heavy thrust - you still will be better than half of people in df and have a free hand for drinking . 
  it 's a win-win , 
  i really really hope they wo n't do such stupid fanservice anymore . 
  if it actually costs 50k but owner claims that its value is 2 mil , backed by `` independent '' `` experts '' and eventually someone buys it for 1 mil . 
  that 's like supercomputer compared to what powers facebook search . 
  why would anyone watch that ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  i do n't know about others but i still have n't got even one crystal from fates ( step 1 ) . 
  ca n't really call that `` incredibly fast '' . 
  i recommend :, 
  `` the art of computer programming '' - donald knuth, 
  `` structure and interpretation of computer programs '' - jay sussman and hal abelson, 
  both are definitely better and more interesting than ops list of highschool summer reading list . 
  sci-fi is `` improper '' , do n't you know that ? 
  missed it reading op post . 
  mentioning bible in such lists is immediate red flag . 
  it 's like the most boring and predictable book recommendation ever . 
  it was either that or bible  `` people voted '',
