  crafting is insanely time consuming . 
  if you are talking about the `` burn out '' guy then think twice before starting crafting . 
  in general doing main story gives you - more mobility , more different duties to choose , more starting money if you do decide picking up some expensive hobby . 
  alphinaud is at the top of my hate list , but realism of a teenage boy with power is great . 
  yugiri is kinda unreal , she just constantly transitions from one state to another , one day almost beggar , another day terminator , then gone somewhere etc. 
  merlwyb looks independent at first but never voices any objections in the meeting and always conforms to other leaders , not cool ( i 'm in maelstrom ) . 
  tataru is cool , estinien too , though he is rather one dimensional . 
  haurchefant is cool , except for english voiceover . 
  novv has great story . 
  nonmind vath are funny , but lacking expanded story . 
  brayflox and hildibrand too . 
  and electric arse games too , though any sane person is probably doing that already . 
  well , yes . 
  why would i buy a house from some shady developer that has some stacked hidden costs in the contract , a mess of older houses , bad reputation in general ? 
  i 'll go to a plot in another area and buy a house from a more reputable developer . 
  wow is old and even originally was rather grotesque . 
  eve is a second work ( tried 3 times ) . 
  if you plan to relax , run some pretty but standard dungeons , farm some outfits and mounts then - ffxiv . 
  if you plan to be competitive , sink thousands of hours in the mmo , have meaningful pvp and crafting etc. 
  then - eve . 
  basically most of the mmos are just that - typical mmo , ffxiv and wow including . 
  eve is mmox10 . 
  ten times everything - rewards , investment , skill range etc. 
  go to http://xivdb.com or lodestone and check the name you want . 
  kirito , cloud and strife are likely taken already . 
  3 and 3t most likely will get o. 
  maybe even p , depending on its release date . 
  i wager we 'll get 2 year support for 3t and 3 . 
  definitely update . 
  also on my device they seem to have fixed very rare issue with cellular connection loss ( maybe once a month phone just dropped connection to the tower , without any notice , reboot restored functionality ) . 
  wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  dd queues on chaos ( euro dc ) are 20 mins in 4 man dungeons . 
  some dungeons can go up to 30 mins . 
  trials are a little bit faster usually . 
  i want to try coils for the first time . 
  are there any mid dungeon cutscenes ( longer than usual boss roar stuff ) , similar to castrum duties ? 
  and same question about other raids - labyrinth , crystal tower etc. 
  laptops with integrated intel gpu , geforce 940m and lower , pentium/celeron/atom cpus will struggle heavily or wo n't run at all . 
  intel-something with `` u '' in the end is downclocked dualcore ( even if it says i7 ) , will struggle probably . 
  intel with `` y '' wo n't run it most likely . 
  ssd is a very nice to have , due to constant teleporting in ffxiv . 
  in your budget the best bet is either go with more expensive laptop with good video ( e.g. 
  960 ) or used laptop , again with good video . 
  i think gt80 is not enough for maxed settings , postprocessing is bitch in this game , very taxing . 
  gt83 is definitely a more realistic proposition for high-end ffxiv . 
  lifestream . 
  transhumanism at its finest and immortality in addition . 
  that was a joke  . 
  3000 $ dual gpu laptop is definitely enough for the ffxiv and i would say is overkill . 
  and i suspect that gt83 is even more expensive . 
  iirc 940m has about twice computing power than non-iris intel gpu . 
  so it is maybe 50 % more powerful than your iris . 
  fps accordingly increased . 
  and usually it is paired with u series cpu . 
  it will probably run the game , but it wo n't be anything satisfying . 
  they will also charge `` service fee '' for selling your data too . 
  because as you know they are making an effort for you . 
  sublime is ( or was ) in c++ , works very fast . 
  the same reason why a single player game wants my contacts , geolocation , photos , etc. 
  because developers ( meaning the studio as a whole ) are scumbags . 
  yes , but no . 
  yes we can refuse them some permissions and no - it is completely pointless . 
  sane game studios wo n't ask such permissions at all and money hungry studios just make sure that the game wo n't work unless you allow each and every separate permission . 
  the only possible way to combat this is to spoof requested data with fake one . 
  but this requires custom rom and root on the device . 
  and why would they need contacts ? 
  to gracefully answer incoming calls `` sorry , my slave is currently busy playing angry birbs '' ? 
  finally good artist made it to the ffxiv . 
  and as usual all good artists are n't appreciated . 
  but people will remember you in few hundred years . 
  it could be a sea leopard . 
  a 100 consolation prizes is cruel . 
  most of the pcs running animations ( including elezen ) . 
  four legged mount running , looks rather artificial . 
  chocobo are fine though . 
  very slow walking animation of npcs ( in cutscenes ) looks bad too . 
  overuse of nod animation . 
  idle weapon drawn animation is horrible , characters wobble like they are in a storm on a ship , especially when they are talking at the same time . 
  and in current state of housing i would like to be able to also use `` locked '' features - like airships . 
  what is the point of making a whole game feature only available to only guild officers , meaning 5-10 people out of 500 ? 
  i have more chances of accumulating 50-100kk gil for house and becoming omnicrafter then using airships even once in current state . 
  with kb/m you use mostly 4 fingers and just little bit thumbs . 
  on controller you will use thumbs almost exclusively . 
  i suggest you go try it somewhere before buying and relearning . 
  personally for me heavy controller usage gives seizures in the thumbs after an hour or so . 
  but for analog controls ( e.g. 
  racing games , aviasims etc. ), 
  controller is obviously better . 
  mogstore ( savage ), 
  but `` clear '' cases are so ugly after some time of usage . 
  have anyone ever seen these so called clear cases that are n't dirty yellowish with actual dirt particles on one side or another ? 
  wot i think :, 
  battery life is awesome - 2 days easily with my usage . 
  in cases of heavy usage 1 day with 20-30 % left ( e.g. 
  `` travel '' - constant usage of navigation and internet , games/movies/music while waiting for stuff , taking lots of pictures and video ) . 
  camera is below other flagships on average but better than midrange average . 
  no obvious defects on my unit . 
  vibro power is average , enough for office . 
  sound quality is average .
