  a gift card for 0 $, 
  meanwhile in godforsaken ex-ussr - 1 gigabit internet + tv for 4 $ per month . 
  and 15 years ago it was dial-up only coverage in whole country . 
  4 seater ebst, 
  mount for central thanalan only, 
  `` a month later officials involved in his campaign asked the republican party 's election platform to remove a pledge for military assistance to the ukrainian government against ~ ~ separatist rebels ~ ~ russian regular army in the east of the country . '', 
  here , fixed . 
  not in any particular order :, 
  1 . funny and/or polite guys ;, 
  dd that are n't bad ( since majority of comms go to healers and tanks ) ;, 
  3 . tanks that do n't do risky stuff ( except if they asked first ) ;, 
  4 . tanks that clear whole map and do n't skip stuff ( except if they ask party if all of us want to speedrun ) ;, 
  5 . tanks that let me and other first timers watch cutscenes ;, 
  6 . healers that are n't bad ;, 
  slightly offtopic - what is better quality setting - 4:3 or 16:9 or maybe 1:1 ? 
  i ca n't find any setting that shows directly pixel size . 
  behind is a nice name , 
  welding masks included , 
  new class for stormblood confirmed . 
  ( offtopic ), 
  can we disable hotbar numbers ? 
  i looked through the settings and did n't found anything . 
  not exactly what you asked , sorry , but worth reading anyway , 
  just wait for le pen to win in france and whatever pro-putin force or politicians in germany . 
  at this rate elon musk ca n't be fast enough with his one way mars rocket . 
  heh , really did n't find it  . 
  thanks . 
  i was doing a cyclops fate in coertas yesterday - there were about 15-20 people and zero tanks . 
  i ended up bardtanking it , my head was spinning in the end from all those running in circles . 
  really tempted about switching to tank class  . 
  at level 40-50 what is the fastest way to acquire a weapon of about the same ilvl ? 
  farm gc seals with leves or farm dungeons ? 
  or something else ? 
  i checked wiki and about 10 quests into lvl 50 storyline i 'll get a good lvl 50 weapon , so what is needed is a throwaway that just allows to last these last quests until lvl 50 . 
  but i ca n't exactly do it with lvl 30 weapon . 
  thanks . 
  not confuses - wishes . 
  not by that much . 
  i 've played one team vs team game for a while and it had some rather advanced matchmaking ( that everyone of course hated ) . 
  winrate of say 55 % to 60 % was a pro level . 
  higher than 60 % - that was a pro level with planning and voice coordination and some luck . 
  winrate 45 % for example - you could just do literally nothing for a thousands of matches . 
  some guys tried to make a record low winrate for the lulz - i think i was around 38 % and only a peak value , it quickly rebounded back to 40-ish levels . 
  not bad design , more like lazy design . 
  to have some viable gameplay alternatives they had to spend lots of time designing those different mechanics and then insane amount of time balancing them . 
  for example we can look at starcraft , where even slightly different mechanics for only 3 races requires almost constant balancing for years . 
  only doing so they would direct 80 % of work towards 20 % of gamers , so not a good business model . 
  unless you are ron hubbard . 
  so basically we need to live in a country with more experienced guys , the ones who had more practice to do it right , 
  depp will be busy fighting jim carrey army . 
  well , he did downgrade a bit from korean mmos  . 
  those can give you seizures even playing in welding mask . 
  how do you `` pause '' source data ? 
  i open that menu and there is only 3 radio button - all , phone and watch . 
  i have selected watch but now i 'm in doubt about phone tracking . 
  when i switch between phone and watch value displayed changes by 10-20 steps , so i guess some phone tracking does happen ? 
  wow , that was really obscure . 
  thanks . 
  yda will come to beat us to sense . 
  human becomes human when he is able to think like a human , i.e. 
  about 1-2 years after birth . 
  before that it is just an organism , not very different from octopus or domestic cat . 
  til what that means . 
  biologists are correct from scientific point of view . 
  you talking about ethics and moral , and from that point of view things are a bit different . 
  from scientific point of view all creatures are basically the same , but religious people give humans some preference - humans are better than other animals . 
  they have so called `` soul '' . 
  `` soul '' is thinking , cognition and science tells us that this happens a long time after birth in humans ( due to rapid evolution and physical constraints of woman bodies ) . 
  so from ethical point of view it is perfectly ok to consider human only babies after 1-2 years . 
  human in vegetative state is different - he was human previously and will likely be again . 
  pre-born and new-born babies never were human yet . 
  they were living creatures , but not higher in cognition than an oyster for example . 
  bought spigen rugged armor ( partially because it was faster to buy then order and wait for otterbox or neo hybrid ) , seems very nice . 
  it is way better to hold the phone now - thickness is nicer , less accidental touching with a palm due to raised lip of a case and less slippery to hold . 
  for 20 $ it is good buy . 
  i only wish there were more colours , not only boring black . 
  zanzarah had your damage silently reduced to 1 . 
  you could even kill a few enemies like that but then you started to suspect something  . 
  in ex-ussr countries it is usually greenwich meridian . 
  fuck endless threads on reddit about speedrunners whining and threads whining about speedrunners !, 
  and stop fuckin ' feeding untagged spoilers to us , we have enough crap already on cerberus , fuck you very much !, 
  use fuckin ' sprint you big baby !, 
  they gave you dat button for wat ?!, 
  just fuckin ' stare at it ?!, 
  use damn button and sprint !, 
  sprint all day and all fucking night !, 
  fuck inventory and armory !, 
  who made dat crap ?!, 
  it is 2017 already !, 
  we have fuckin ' cancer cure ( almost ) and can fuckin ' land rockets in the damned sea !, 
  on a fucking ship !, 
  take your time machine square and fucking go back to the nineties , where such inventories belong !!!, 
  bard can not into deeps so we can be considered wannabe deeps . 
  winds howling . 
  we already invented such placed , they are called eastern orthodox churches . 
  i 'm not sure about mine ( s3 classic ) , sometimes it feels like a bit sticky and sometimes not . 
  it is also a bit slippery so it is hard to judge . 
  aww , now i 'm in doubt ... 
  it has this slight clank sound when hitting it with a finger but is seems that is a common feature . 
  as someone with all lvl60 crafters said here - `` yes , it did paid off .
