  do n't read books from such lists . 
  read books that you may actually like . 
  where do you get these screenshots from ? 
  because on cerberus we had 5 mhachi matter and thancred at 2 lines and healer body at 3 lines . 
  people are so easily offended these days . 
  it almost looks like they are searching for things to be offended by . 
  after all suggestions in this thread check your hdds . 
  i had a weird issue with my almost new pc a while ago , with errors in windows log , freezes , etc. 
  turns out 2 out my 5 hdds were eol and after disconnecting them system continue working perfectly . 
  download smart utility and check your storage . 
  source webpage keep jumping to the top as it loads on mobile . 
  probably written in haskell at 02:00 . , 
  pierce the heavens with your fist !, 
  more vram means more assets that are in faster memory ( if implemented ) . 
  it does n't directly related to frames per second but it may help in some cases . 
  probably it wo n't apply to ffxiv because it is rather old and not demanding game . 
  also , why would you need even more fps on high-end cards in ffxiv ? 
  it already can output stable 60fps even on older cards , which is 2x minimum playable 25-30 fps . 
  on the related note - one of the need for speed undergrounds had a really small water pool with a reflection somewhere in the garage . 
  for that tiny space a whole complete garage was rendered with everything inside . 
  now imagine that same dragoon earlier that sees totally dragoon chainmail in drop on which tank rolls need but as a tank he has exactly zero use for it . 
  fuck that tank and item system in general . 
  i 'm rolling need on everything i can and rest greed . 
  except for sprouts i pass . 
  ffxiv in a nutshell ( on all datacenters ) - `` duty finder is not for blind run or 1st timer ( use pf for this ) '' . 
  how about no ?!, 
  how about you use party finder for those `` experienced '' teams ?!, 
  i 'll go rage a bit in a friday thread . 
  `` duty finder is not for first time or blind run '' . 
  really ?!, 
  are you fucking mad ?!, 
  fucking elitists ( yes , this is clearly elitism ) . 
  fucking hate this attitude . 
  useful to whom ? 
  duty finder is a kinda free for all functionality , last resort in a way . 
  when you ca n't get a group in fc or with random guys ( pre-formed group ) you go to the df . 
  it is a place for all the newbies , randoms etc. 
  to get a party for party content . 
  the last place . 
  there is no limitations for this exact reason . 
  duty finder is for everyone . 
  everyone . 
  without exceptions . 
  including newbies . 
  ( in fast by design of mmo it is primarily for newbies , until posts like this start to appear ), 
  i played a bit on aether and now on chaos and on both servers i 've seen guys trying to force the same misguided agenda about df . 
  thankfully not many actual players in game support this . 
  for me it is rude to hog and artificially restrict the functionality created specifically for all players . 
  i did n't downvote or questioned op himself ( thank you op for your detailed explanation btw ) . 
  i questioned the idea that was described by the op and i find it wrong . 
  i also do n't find `` it was done like that since forever '' a significant excuse for it . 
   useful to people who want to clear or farm the duty as opposed to not useful to any of the three groups . 
  exactly . 
  make it more useful to certain group at a cost of making useless for another group . 
   made df useless for difficult fights since you ca n't learn , nor clear , nor farm, 
  yes you can . 
  if people would stop raging and being impatient over simple mistakes . 
  maybe this should be promoted instead of artificial self-imposed restrictions on public content . 
  throwing out newbies from newbie functionality for the sake of optimising for speed running for a limited group of people = personal benefit . 
  you ca n't really bend physics , at least not much . 
  smaller battery is smaller battery . 
  as for deal breaker or not - it will depend on the competition . 
  when i was buying op3t i was choosing between almost 10 models and it won at the time . 
  i can only say that battery life is one of the most important parameters and i 'm probably wo n't choose smaller that op3t battery time . 
  resolution is irrelevant mostly , but screen quality is important . 
  also very likely that all 1440p and 2560p screens in the future will feature samsung and sony style hack with using only 1080p resolution by default . 
  `` mini '' laptop with crt . 
  instabuy , 
  starcraft prima guide . 
  bought it dirt cheap and then read like a dozen times . 
  so cool . 
  or those 500-in-1 , 1000-in-1 dos and early win games , i remember playing some plane simulator and after weeks of playimg i read that < and  can do horizontal turn in game manual ( or paper journal ? ) . 
  it was a revelation  . 
  is this some kind of forced self propagated meme ? 
  i see it everywhere with almost no context . 
  collaboration with justin timberland, 
  or just kick afkers , not a hard thing to do . 
  i 'm not affected but i can totally understand when someone is playing on low performance pc or laptop . 
  dutyfinder is specifically for random groups with random skills and random knowledge . 
  as i understand the idea behind df it is for going in blind and experience the game as intended . 
  and party finder and raid finder are for customized groups where leader can request whatever arbitrary requirements from people . 
  they even have specific checkboxes for that . 
  downvotes from `` 7 people disrespect '' group incoming in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  game will give you ilvl110 before hw and stuff in between 50 and 100 . 
  do n't buy anything before hw . 
  especially do n't buy on mb since it is insanely overpriced . 
  in hw before level 60 you will get ilvl 125 , 133 , 139 and 145 as quest rewards . 
  the last dungeon in hw requires ilvl 150 i think . 
  you can either buy it or you can get level 60 in potd and then join 24 man pvp ( shatter ) . 
  it is very easy and you wo n't drag down your team if that is a concern . 
  in a week of 1 fight per day or an evening of dedicated grinding you will get ilvl235 with weapon and accessories . 
  then just finish completing everything , 
  hmm . 
  qq is for people using qq messenger , that is easy . 
  but what is ip2saa + ? 
  ip2 is probably for people still using ip version 2 protocol . 
  saa is society for advanced aeterology ? 
  plus ? 
  a discouraging thing is watching a leader and/or officers burn out and leave or go offline . 
  such `` headless '' guilds usually break down completely in weeks .
