  for 4 days on all dcs ? 
  that 's total with only a single disconnect . 
  you wait 2 hours , play a bit until 90002 , then you see even bigger queue of 3 + hours . 
  in total 5-6 hours . 
  final fantasy 90k : the far edge of queue, 
  pre-alpha preview early access, 
  even 2000 queue is 2.5 hours now on eu . 
  and 90002 can happen in any duty , or as others report even in initial queue . 
  disconnect here has zero grace period so you are back in queue . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  here there is zero possible customers for ddos guys , so any advertising by mentioning them will be in vain . 
  on the other hand it is entirely possible that here are present other guy capable of launching ddos or directly related to such guys and they may exact a revenge on culprits . 
  naming and shaming is almost always a correct way unless it may lead to irreversible results . 
  ddosing is reversible . 
  he is likely not a child and likely does n't desire general attention . 
  ddos nowadays is just having a sum of money to rent a botnet or controlling a botnet . 
  attention he may seek is not from regular public , it is pointless . 
  he may want potential botnet customers to know his abilities and se already made clear that he succeeded , his customers know his name regardless of some reddit post . 
  play tank, 
  play healer, 
  join fc bigger than 10 guys and ask them for every msq duty, 
  put up party finder with description, 
  budget cut, 
  you are upset that on 1 class approximately 20-30 % of abilities became ineffective . 
  as a solution you propose to make ineffective 50 % of abilities on 3 classes . 
  nice . 
  ryzen 5 + 1050 i 'd say . 
  in future you may add ssd , better video if needed and cpu should be upgradable too , since amd likes less to screw with sockets . 
  as for performance amd is good , my vishera works just fine in ffxiv and actually anything else there is on the market , including witcher 3 and ryzen is 50 % better . 
  healing on summoner and black mage is situational at best . 
  damaging on healers is essential and half of their abilities is damage . 
  what you are proposing is heavily nerfing healers for some fluff on casters . 
  i would n't mind if you suggest some other way to fix it ( the easiest would be simply another ability from int in place of current from mnd ) but no , you want to nerf . 
  and specifically nerf more classes and more heavily than yours . 
  it is a pretty selfish attitude . 
  i quote : `` all casters should have healing scale off int . '', 
  this would be exactly the same as pre-stormboot only without cleric stance . 
  ast has slightly more than 2 damage abilities . 
  more like 6 damage abilities and some utilities specifically tied with damage abilities . 
  and regardless of number of distinct abilities what i was talking is about of activities in duty . 
  healers damage all the time , 50 % at least . 
  summoners usually heal in a pinch situation , mostly when healer is dying . 
  i have 8350 , not overclocked with big tower cooling . 
  it heats up , sure ( 125w tdp ) , but not excessively . 
  the case panel that is next to cooler top will get slightly warm after long gaming session . 
  personally i think amd overheating is overrated , i had old laptop intel that was heating to 100 degrees and it did n't cause any issues , laptop worked until it become just plain old , cpu or cooling never failed . 
  i would also consider just ssd + 1050 and no cpu upgrade , or even 1060 since you 'll have more money to spare . 
  570/580/480 are also good . 
  6300 is more than enough for ffxiv , the game uses exactly 4 cores and you have 6 . 
  my setup is running at 60 + everywhere , big groups may lower fps but not lower than 30 fps . 
  you are going in circles . 
  you propose to fix summoner to make it fair by breaking healers and making it even more unfair but for others , not for you . 
  thankfully they wo n't do such thing , end of story . 
  also ast has earthly star and stellar detonation . 
  plus minor arcana and sleeve draw for even more lord of crowns . 
  what are you even arguing about here ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  ps : what is a problem with fixing smn healing only ? 
  why do you insist on breaking other classes too ? 
  ah , now i understand . 
  for me they are all casters ( because they are well , casters , magicians  ) , so i was under impression that op wanted to silently nerf healers this way . 
  well , it is a misunderstanding . 
  anyway , as i said here two times already , of course it would be good if smn healing would be fixed . 
  as / u/indolent-candlebug explained to me above , you seem to separate `` casters '' and `` healers '' , while i think about all of them universally as `` casters '' . 
  therefore your headline `` all casters should have healing scale off int '' sounded to me like proposition for healer nerf . 
  ok , i understand the slang now , we can move on . 
  and as i said before two times i do agree with you that summoner healing should be fixed . 
  i wish they would tune all older content to be more enjoyable as ilvl creep goes on . 
  i 've seen ravana ex only in 3.5 and it is a pity to skip almost everything in that fight . 
  you do n't want cerberus or odin , at least not now . 
  and i 'm sure there are plenty of german and french guilds on omega and will be more in future . 
  he did n't get to this word in school yet . 
  not worth it , it is a waste of time for sure . 
  people will start kicking scholars from df and raids soon , when they realize how bad it is . 
  it has its old stats and ilvl , except for morale . 
  this, 
  because ~ ~ mao zedong ~ ~ solus zos galvus unified all timezones . 
  ping - ok , no community - check -  transfer without doubt . 
  looks like legit problem . 
  but devs wo n't see it here , you 'll have to post it on official forum . 
  i like how certain technical resources tolerate all kinds of hate speech in the comments/forums but you say one bad word , not even the worse ones , but something like shit or crap and you are permabanned ( they also like to call it `` temporarily until we reconsider '' ) . 
  hypocrites . 
  fucking queues !, 
  no , fucking transfer does n't work for big guilds and you know it se !, 
  se , get your shit together and fix this crap now !, 
  fucking stormbloo , come one mods , the kernin g here is hideous . 
  do n't buy gear for gil . 
  especially do n't buy gear for gil from marketboard . 
  do n't teleport for more than 300 gil , do n't teleport to nearby aetherytes , run around , it is good for your health ( actually not ) . 
  by the end of msq before stormboot you should amass 2 mil gil from rewards only . 
  at no point you will be gil starved , you will only get more and more . 
  also i 'm not very experienced , but i think that you should not touch crafting before further in msq . 
  all locations are gated by main story , flying is gated , some stuff is gated . 
  rush msq , then everything else imho . 
  last line on scr was uncalled for but otherwise i agree . 
  if it is for keeping stacks then it is good enough . 
  yeah , unlike deftarm , who trades with fucking dragons for rifles and then shoots godlike ~ ~ overmind ~ ~ onemind in the face . 
  deftarm would like to have a word with you . 
  i 'm disappointed in balmung . 
  i expected some five digit queues there , not these measly 3-4k .
