  after da2 , dai , pvz2 , rr3 , dungeon keeper , simcity ( this alone warrants total ea ignore , with everything that was broken in the game and all the lies from executives ) , me3 and so on . 
  origin spyware to complete the list . 
  other bad publishers like ubisoft and activision pale before ea . 
  they did n't get worst company of america title for nothing ( two times in row ) , even competing with comcast and bank of america . 
  could been lightning poop , 
  ps : or even thunderbolt poop ... now this is scary , 
  user friendly alert slider that does n't require you to go to the settings for simple changes , 
  you can skip and still get lost . 
  i was . 
  i think at level 5 or level 10 there is an item check . 
  you need to equip a few armor items of level 5 ( or 10 ? ) . 
  afterwards there wo n't be such checks until level 50 or so . 
  items can be bought at a vendor for a few hundred gil , so should n't be a problem . 
  at 1-30 the game will issue you weapons via class quests every 5 levels . 
  nothing more is needed really . 
  at 31-50 the game wo n't give you weapons but you may a ) drop something in the dungeons ( do not `` farm '' them yet , no need at all , you will outgrow your equipment very fast ) or b ) buy stuuf . 
  do not buy on marketboard , everything is insanely overpriced there ( like grey throwaway stuff x5 the vendor price ) . 
  buy from grand company for seals . 
  you probably only need 2 or 3 weapons for 31-50 levels . 
  at 51-55 you will get into some transition quests in the main story that will give you good weapons . 
  usually there will be 3 main story quests in row , each will give one weapon to choose out of 3 or 4 ( so in 3 quests that 's 3 weapons out of 12-13 to choose from ) . 
  think who you will level as a secondary class and pick weapon for him here . 
  ( there will be armors and jewelry too , with same reward mechanic ) . 
  at 54-60 you will be in heawensward and there will be 3 or 4 full sets as rewards at different stages . 
  wow , you have to wait five whole days for rma . 
  it is such a long time . 
  i think you should sue them for it . 
  start tomorrow . 
  and in the future i recommend buying samsung . 
  it is way faster with rma , it only takes 30-60 days . 
  or google , they may send you a refurbished phone as a replacement for a new 1000 $ one . 
  and it may even arrive bricked . 
  those guys have way better support . 
  ps : i like to blame bad companies as much as anyone but really , only 5 days for diagnostic ? 
  this is lightning fast i think . 
  that is obviously not good . 
  but the end verdict we will see after the end of your story , so please post updates . 
  also , it is up to you , but i would pick refund over replacement , just to be on the safe side . 
  that google story about shipping refurb in replacement of new phone was just too much for me . 
  do n't ever pick a class based on what top 0.1 % percentile writes . 
  also this is a game where you do n't have to commit to anything - you can level your blm to 60 or to 6 , switch classes as want - even every hour . 
  blm is a fun class on higher levels , i like playing with them and watching them disintegrate stuff if a few casts . 
  while i 'm shooting arrow after arrow for some average damage they just go boom and half hp gone , looks real fun , 
  probably because outside of reddit and some savage groups people still do n't know that monk sucks . 
  we need to spread the word more and save people from this hell job !, 
  when i suggested this recently here i got a reply that `` how dare you forget something so basic '' . 
  also to op - people just need some time to burn in memory new stuff . 
  some people are faster than others . 
  for example as a new 50 + bard i tended to forget foe req . 
  in the beginning of the run , now that almost never happens . 
  same with crit buff , dots on secondary mods and so on . 
  more practice - better results . 
  some of them are forgetting it . 
  [ hype intensifies ], 
  there are reports that some 3rd party wireless chargers do work with s3 ( it seems it depends on coil density inside ) , there are also reports that some 3rd party chargers ( and s2 charger ) overheat s3 and in some instances damage it . 
  better to leave experimenting for others . 
  how much accuracy is needed for content excluding hw savage raids and extreme trials ? 
  i read that you need 700 for high-end content , but if we 'll exclude it - for example 500 will be enough ? 
  to be more specific - alex normal and all trials normal and 3 mhachi raids . 
  thanks . 
  tanks should learn that there is ( 1 ) mark and fucking use it . 
  i 'm not a fucking psionic to sense which of the 3 exactly the same mobs you 've designated as a primary in your mind while changing targets constantly to keep aggro . 
  yeah , fucking hawkey mayo : you - can - not - burn - through - the - last - boss . 
  do the fucking mechanics and kill fucking adds please . 
  and preferably at first try , not after third fucking wipe while ignoring hints in fucking chat every time . 
  i doubt it . 
  he posted alarm click icon , probably now alarms would be controlled from the slider . 
  `` clock start '' ? 
  hmm ... 
  yes , it could be a stopwatch control too - start/lap/stop . 
  totally makes sense . 
  updates are great , life expectancy too . 
  support is debatable . 
  i bought it from reseller with slight markup , but now i can probably go to reseller for warranty issues , if any . 
  love almost everything . 
  camera could be more intelligent with autofocus , usb port is low speed ( 20 gig in an hour ) . 
  really great overall , i was searching trough reviews and forums for a month last autumn and choose this one ( in below 600 $ range , i wo n't pay a thousand bucks for phone ) . 
  yeah . 
  damned rocks ... 
  eastern cat-people , double the fanservice double the fun . 
  i agree on the condition that there would be pre-generated set of names for this race - kirito stormborn , naruto snow and cloud leonhart . 
  and that they would only be able to play ninja and samurai . 
  oh , and dark knight of course . 
  at least separate faces from horns . 
  or just make more faces . 
  main story until heavensward end . 
  grind a bit palace of the ded until you have 30/30 palace stats . 
  they exchange that for ilvl 235 weapon . 
  you can do this along the msq , not to get bored to death of repeated content . 
  after you are lvl 60 :, 
  a ) do roulettes for lore tomestones and buy ilvl230 for them . 
  b ) do pvp roulette for wolf marks and buy ilvl235 for them . 
  c ) do potd with lvl60 job , do beast tribe quests , do roulettes for scripture for ilvl260 stuff . 
  mix and match stuff until all your slots are ilvl230 + then just do the regular clearing of whatever you want . 
  both relics are insanely grindy stuff , delay it unless you have really nothing else to do . 
  honestly , ffxiv is very repetitive - half a thousand main story quests 2/3 of them are fetch quests , extremely similar dungeons ( trash-boss-trash-boss-trash-boss-end ) , etc. 
  what is cool here is the atmosphere of fianl fantasy , some minor things , rare unique dungeons or rare funny or harder quests . 
  what he needs is to pace himself , do n't rush stuff to catch up , take breaks , play less per session so that the game will stay engaging . 
  you can create a twink to level alongside him , also try to help him get into low ilvl groups into dungeons , so that they wo n't be faceroll easy . 
  like going into castrums at ilvl42 and not 142 or 242 .
