  i wonder who is this j. ponly ? 
  is he a relative of p. yoshi ? 
  lvl 32 dungeon has some pretty great sets for all roles , usually you 'll get 1-2 pieces for your job each run . 
  also it is fun to run ( not a cave duty ) , and you get nice and needed exp there . 
  oh , and class ring , though it may not drop for your class . 
  dd talk to tanks about pull size ... how about asking a fucking healer first ? 
  and maybe use refresh/tactician once in a while if you even bothered to spec it ? 
  it is very satisfying when you do manage to do all that optimally . 
  maybe not very impressive in numbers but `` hey , i did all the shit that needed to be done '' , 
  this , so much, 
  i usually play frontlines as a healer . 
  if there are like 10 people around me and one guy far inside the enemy lines - i wo n't run for you . 
  reason - i have plenty of people to heal besides . 
  in fact i do n't remember being a healer and not casting heals , except when dry on mp and cooldowns . 
  if i 'm dying as a healer it means that everyone around are dying too and waiting 30-60 seconds for me to respawn and run back . 
  successful matches for healer is 0-1 deaths . 
  also , if you break los from your healer midheal , i 'll just heal somebody else , i 'm not going to chase you , except some circumstances . 
  and finally , if there are only 2 or 3 healers per alliance , and enemy has 5-6 as usual ... 
  it is your fault and we will lose , no exceptions . 
  it seems that fanart season has begun again ... 
  you probably live in a place with a clean tap water . 
  this idea would n't even cross my mind where i live  . 
  or i would make some contraption to prevent tap water contact with food . 
  `` amazing fanart '' , `` cool stories '' , lol , 
  unfortunately in very big pulls neither dds nor healers have time to check whatever tank is doing , especially if they need to target him for it . 
  dds are busy multidotting , preparing burst etc. 
  and healer is probably either blowing every cooldown to keep `` that tank '' alive or also spamming dots , aoe etc. 
  dex is 3-4 times better that any substat . 
  and if you are n't losing substat but instead swapping it for less optimal substat then almost any increase in dex will be more valuable that substat optimization . 
  i strongly suspect that often real `` adventurer in need '' is a healer . 
  i think ~ 75 % of times when i queue as a healer it is instant , regarless of duty level and type , meaning that i was likely the last one to be matched . 
  even though bonus goes for tank . 
  f for respect , 
  you can sit at # 15 for 20 minutes for example , it will pop exactly when you will start cutscene . 
  once i was able to commence at like 1 or 2 seconds left , 
  i once queued for some less popular 4man in progression , there were 2 dds and 1 tank . 
  for like 20 minutes tank was withdrawing , then queuing again , on off , on off , 
  feel the dd queue rage  . 
  and fuck that mhachi drop rate very much , my healer set is not even on the horizon . 
  i think that it is possible that they will drop bezel at some point in future , if sufficient amount of users will say that is not their preferred feature . 
  remember that western internet is not a representative of their main market . 
  antivaxxer talking about vaccines . 
  well , probably piercing resist and fire resist , followed by blunt and lightning resist . 
  adowable, 
  it is speculated ( for like a year already , so do n't hope too much ) that tizen 4 will land on s3 with . net support and possibility that more apps will be developed for it afterwards . 
  i 'd say it is a 1 in 20 chance that all this will happen but it may . 
  i would recommend choosing by payment availability - what type is supported by your bank . 
  and that 's why i do n't buy digital stuff on amazon ( except for ebooks , since it is almost a monopoly ) . 
  you can delete bought stuff from your amazon account irreversibly and even support wo n't restore it , despite seeing proof of purchase . 
  any kid prankster can break into your account and clear out everything there for fun . 
  unlike steam . 
  can you tell me , if user will keep wrists laying down on the keyboard ( i know this is a bad practice ) - are fn keys blocking thumbs from reaching thumb keys ? 
  also , if fn key is fully pressed - does it stick out slightly above wood level or it goes all the way down when pressed ? 
  thanks . 
  i ca n't force myself to float hands above a keyboard and it looks like fn key here may be in the way ( or not ) . 
  using ms ergo 4000 currently . 
  show me what you got, 
  but what if it is a space bread ? 
  infrastructure paladin - have your hi-tech bread box integrated into your kitchen even before you move in the house . 
  i can say that in side by side comparison with iphone 6s and samsung s7 edge its colors look very differently both in default and srgb modes . 
  i use it in srgb and it looks good for me , less harsh , especially in the dark . 
  pixels are almost invisible despite pentile ( with bad eyesight - completely invisible ) . 
  auto brightness is partially broken , the same as in iphones , but you can always correct it manually . 
  some bright soul decided that new device model will have cards ( and everything else ) numbered from 0 ( because `` programmers count from teh zero !, 
  ! 11 '' probably ) . 
  now you always have to clarify `` connect port 1 on card 2 , both counting from zero '' and guess what - every few weeks someone will forget this and will count from 1 ( like all sane humans do ) and nothing will work . 
  fuck zero based stuff and premature optimization from the seventies . 
  there is no god or similar entities . 
  and this exactly why there is definitely no god . 
  2000 year old people , who created mountains of humanmade stuff , and they somehow stumbled on the true idea about our universe , all without any equipment ? 
  no , obviously the idea of god that ca n't be disproven by any means , even two millennia later , is a fake philosophical construct designed by priests to create doubt . 
  absence of belief is not a belief . 
  the fact that i do n't believe in pink-green zebras does n't mean that i believe in yellow-blue zebras or pink-green elephants . 
  and very very hypothetically pink-green zebras can exist , even today probably ( artificially made ) but that insanely ultra low probability only tells me that people who seriously believe in pink-green zebras are seriously misguided and whole idea from the start was human made idea , invented for nefarious purposes . 
  statistically and rationally speaking . 
  well , god-construct is obliviously unverifiable , by definition from `` the book '' . 
  so if we will isolate this entity you will be correct . 
  but as we can see god-construct has megatons of other stuff mixed additionally and that is obviously human artifacts . 
  therefore it is rational to conclude that a ) god-construct is also human-made philosophical entity and b ) it was specifically created by human as unverifiable by definition to facilitate pointless paradox discussions , such as this one . 
   a belief is a conviction that can not be supported , proven , or verified by fact . 
  if you think it is true - is n't god is stupid idea then ? 
  if not - why ? 
  yeah , it is going nowhere . 
  thanks for the discussion , 
  those are russians . 
  rather limited survey . 
  i would like ( as a personal opinion ) to see only like 1-2 % of existing fanart , the good art , or if it is not possible then none at all - there is special subreddit for that . 
  yes , painters would get less advertising there but i thought that / r/ffxiv is not an advertising platform . 
  same goes for screenshots and comedy ( pictures ) - restrict to 1-2 % of current or banish altogether to / r/ffxivart, 
  downvote does n't work here - how the hell average mediocre fanart gets 1000-2000 upvotes ( or more if downvotes are counted there ) and actual game guides that are n't even copypasted ( i.e. 
  original ) barely a hundred upvotes ? 
  i 'm inclined to think that there are maybe ( only maybe ) bots that upvote any non-text posts . 
  i actually like fanart but this sub is swamped in mediocre fanart or just plain advertising that is mass upvoted . 
  thanks for the effort and listening to the minority 's opinion . 
  that 's probably australian magpie, 
  dimethyl mercury on the other hand ... 
  and spicer - they would be the three pronged trio , 
  3 days stable with some charge left . 
  4th day is possible but it will drop to lvl 1 power saving at midday and then to lvl 2 power saving later . 
  so technically it is 4 days , but day 4 is limited in functionality .
