  it could be that your lags are also caused by video . 
  180k on 42lvl , only from quests ( try to take allagan currency often , but not always so could be more , close to 220k maybe ) . 
  did n't seriously started crafting/gathering yet ( i 've read that they are huge money sinks to start ) and also do n't use teleports . 
  do all quest at once . 
  keeping sidequests for later wo n't give any bonuses ( rewards are the same ) and will only distract from fate farming . 
  you have to level 3-4 more levels from fates in certain location , but there is that one quest hanging around on the side zone , which may lead you to another part of the continent and then you 'll need to return back and that will take like 20 minutes for one fate equivalent reward . 
  also side quests help with main story immersion . 
  i initially tried to save sidequests too , but after lvl 30-35 i 'm doing all of them if i can . 
  nobody knows what those pst , pdt , est , wtf are . 
  the is u. t. c. where `` u '' stands for universal . 
  u-n-i-v-e-r-s-a-l . everybody should know their timezone in relation to utc and everyone should post times in utc ( yes , even people in default country ) . 
  it was invented for this years ago and still people insist on posting international times in some obscure pdt or whatever . 
  in about a month , time difference between my timezone and pst will shorten by 1 hour . 
  and 2-3 weeks later will increase by one hour . 
  this will apply for about 50 million people in 1 ( one ) timezone . 
  there dozens of other timezones where same thing happens too but on different days . 
  twice a year . 
  each year . 
  that 's why i 'm always silent in df parties or reply with simple `` ok '' , `` thanks '' etc. 
  who knows what tank or healer will do if i would ask them something . 
  ps : i have n't seen a dd yet who ragequit instance first ( but i 'm still a low level ) . 
  it is always a class who has fast or no queues . 
  and even when he has reason to ragequit then one or both dds have to requeue for an hour or longer . 
  each time this happens i 'm thinking that i should n't really continue my sub . 
  sitting for an hour or two doing 30 % of the stuff i want ( no chocobo levelling , no questing while in finder ) , then 30 minutes of play and someone ragequits . 
  again . 
  maybe i 'm the reason for ragequits , maybe i need to be more hardcore player ... who knows ... 
  i 's just it is not a fun game anymore for me . 
  same for me . 
  last 1-2 weeks videos were added to favorites on last page . 
  and at that point they are going backwards in time - newest added is always the first in the list . 
  i wonder , is it very bad to complete dead wall to full 7 tiles if it goes around the corner and separate it from the wall completely ? 
  we are doing this currently locally but it seems it is not a right thing to do . 
  also rule 10 is a nice suggestion , i 'll try to promote it during next play . 
  it always annoyed me to do two things at a time and now i understand why . 
  ukraine, 
  oct 14 , 2014, 
  m.wikipedia & zero.wikipedia, 
  all languages, 
  https/apps - yes, 
  opera mini supported, 
  are you building us centered news site or international news site ? 
  likely the problem is aggravated because of high contrast of on screen elements - device crank up brightness in general so you could see black map properly and all bright pixels of hud are working at the limit . 
  ps : same thing happened with my co-worker 's note 2 ( two year old ) - he has burned in hud of car navigation app . 
  finish closed triangles with the last link - that 's almost 2k ap instantly ;, 
  put in first resonator where possible - 625 ap instantly ;, 
  put in all resonators where possible - almost 2k ap ;, 
  fill in all blue portals where resonators are missing with lowest level of your own ( this has another advantage - lvl1 are the first to be blown up - very likely that next day you 'll be able to fill in this same portal again ) ;, 
  link everything you can with the shortest possible links ( with too long links you will block yourself and other people from your faction ) ;, 
  when in the middle of a blue farm , where there is nothing to attach - glyph hack for bonus ap and items ;, 
  look out for green portals with single or pair resonators - you can blow it up with 10-20 lvl1 xmps , basically free grey portals , you 'll only need a few minutes per each ;, 
  look around on the official intel map for patterns of portals - after 2-3 days you 'll see that some clusters of portals are almost static and some change hands regularly or even stay gray for long periods . 
  prefer going through such war-zones - for lots of reso deployments . 
  when riding any ground transport through a big city you can gather tons of ap due to lags of gps - focus on getting first reso in greys and simple hacks . 
  do not wait for animations or frames with hack results - press hack button , instantly close this portal already open next and click hack on it . 
  this way hacking can be almost constant . 
  res spies celebrate successful bombing :, 
  my phone reports 160mb over two weeks that i play . 
  assume 400-500 mb per month . 
  this is mostly to and from work . 
  just got my first one after 480 hacks , about a hundred were glyph hacks . 
  but no jarvis or ada yet . 
  ps : it seems that capsules are mostly useless , useful only for mass transfer of items between players . 
  viruses are definitely more interesting . 
  on some car borders you can waste hours just crossing it . 
  in my country this would be any car border ( and i 've personally seen queues several kilometers long , fortunately usually not on my side of the border ) . 
  hw dx11 crashes to black screen regularly on my pc . 
  it happened 4 or 5 times since monday ( when i installed game ) . 
  client in my case crashes only during location transitions - i teleport somewhere and it stays stuck as black screen with parts of gui still present but not responding . 
  sometimes i see nvidia related errors in windows logs right before crash , sometimes not . 
  windows 7 , amd fx @stock , nvidia 780 @stock , driver 353.30 . 
  in my experience nvidia drivers are less stable than amd ones so so likely this is some issue with driver that se did n't address in dx11 client . 
  i hope they 'll fix it because it is really annoying . 
  ps : same pc config worked perfectly with 2.0 version for a month and then with 2.2 or 2.3 during free weekend . 
  if anyone is getting black screen of death during location load after which dx11 client freezes or crashes there is a possible `` fix '' :, 
  in graphics settings turn down texture filtration from anisotropic to trilinear . 
  all other setting can be left as-is . 
  apparently se screwed up something in texture post-processing and it causes errors in memory . 
  on my side after 10 or so freezes it solved the problem completely . 
  not sure if it is related to 9000x errors but possible . 
  i do n't think brayflox is really harder then haukke . 
  step up happens in qarn at 35 . 
  there you 'll see hundreds ragequitters and lots of deaths . 
  best comparison ever , 
  i have nvidia 780 and seen similar post from nvidia owners . 
  tried drivers and other stuff like closing most of the apps but it did n't help . 
  if you do see black screens of death and setting af to trilinear does n't help you can also try disabling fxaa , original post where i read about this suggested doing both this things . 
  if your healer is constantly spamming heals on you only , blows every buff he has and your hp is swinging from 20 % to 90 % and back to 20 % then something is wrong . 
  a healer, 
  from the memory :, 
  at 46 lvl in low roulette :, 
  brayflox ( 32 ) gave 98k exp ;, 
  sastasha ( 15 ) gave 198k exp ;, 
  will post exact number for future runs . 
  try playing dragoon , when every damn tank will `` need '' your chainmails or similar light armors just because they are also mentioned in the job list . 
  they wo n't ever use those items on tank jobs but still will `` need '' it . 
  only if you are marking priorities on mobs . 
  when tanks do n't mark anything then chaos ensues and dd just hit whatever they think is right . 
  ps : killing strong first or killing weak first are two viable strategies , so people pick them randomly . 
  now with 3.0.1 damned thing crashes even more ...
