  this 100 -  50 change - is this a bug or a feature ? 
  technically it is both , only depends on how you would want to present it to other people . 
  same here - their server does all calculations by itself , which causes terrible sync between actions . 
  call it intentional design , hardware or software limitation or even a bug - name changes nothing . 
  and if your competitors avoided or fixed that years ago name does n't matter at all , it just must be fixed . 
  sure , there are not many competitors in a p2p mmo category , so se can just relax and do whatever they wish even leave this issue as is , because obviously this would be hard to fix ( that 's why my only hope on dx11 client overhaul ) . 
  ps : next time check again how all animations and movements are synchronized and i hope you will see just how bad they are even with low ping to se datacenter . 
  at least plate and shields are their stuff , intended for tanks . 
  it 's totally fair when they get them . 
  way better that scalemail/chainmail drops when you are lancer . 
  either it automatically goes to tank ( to hang around in the armory , since plate is better ) or , if tank passed on it for you ( not going to happen ) you are competing for damned piece with your mages in a greed roll . 
  and that stuff drops every single time in runs after lvl20 . 
  i think se made it so after 50-100 minutes of waiting in duty finder lancers would n't relax too much . 
  longer than current 1-2 hours ? 
  ( average dd wait time on sargatanas , max is 4-8 hours on weekends ) suddenly staying afk in-game will become perfectly valid behavior - `` i 'm waiting for duty finder since yesterday ! '' . 
  and since after passing 8 hour threshold you will begin missing confirmations about party match . 
  after that point finder times will skyrocket to days , maybe even weeks , since you 'll need to be playing game and simultaneously find party . 
  ps : i 'm already thinking about leveling a healer , which i wanted from beginning but told myself `` it 's game launch , surely there would be enough parties for a month or so '' . 
  only my ls is helping pass those main story dungeons . 
  if not for it i 'll be farming mobs , l2 style  . 
  only it is not a `` mechanic '' like `` a feature '' but a bug . 
  whatever people will say and downvote . 
  i 've never seen such a poor implementation of a key part of the game . 
  lineage 2 , aion , even several pay2win crappy money drains . 
  if you had good latency to the server you could play competitively and do n't worry about such `` features '' . 
  even playing with 500 + ms latency is better - at least it is predictable and even with such high lag you could at least target your opponent - client will hadle positions correctly . 
  here with good ping i have to click around like a madman just to select some add . 
  i 'm running ati 5770 with 1gb of memory . 
  other components are not a bottleneck . 
  resolution is always 1920x1080 . 
  benchmark ( latest ) shows something like 30fps on maximum settings . 
  in-game i get average 30fps only on high ( desktop ) and it is even playable but somehow all animations are unsynced . 
  character slows for milliseconds then runs faster to compensate , which results in non-fluid motion . 
  otherwise rendering looks like 30fps - camera motion is smooths , all windows are generated almost instantly , new locations loaded and rendered fast etc. 
  in the end i 've resorted playing on standard ( desktop ) settings , which shows close to 50-60 avg . 
  fps and almost eliminates unsynced movements and animations . 
  tl ; dr - benchmark is not very precise and shows more optimistic picture than the game , and you need more avg . 
  fps for ffxiv than fore any typical singleplayer game . 
  since literally everything is not synced correctly at server and client and it 's hard to say when they 'll even begin to fix it ( they `` pretended '' to fix it between p3 and p4 but nothing actually changed ) i just imagine i 'm playing hardmode all the time . 
  not started running out of aoe zone `` immediately '' - too bad , try again next time . 
  bad/impossible targeting of moving targets with mouse - learn macros asap . 
  my abilities always go `` out of reach '' from moving target - try predicting where the mob actually is , not where it is displayed by client . 
  and so on . 
  and when real `` hardmode '' will open for me that will `` nightmare '' mode  . 
  i have more or less acceptable ping for mmos - around 120-160ms average to datacenter . 
  if i wo n't start running `` immediately '' from aoe zone then it 's a guaranteed hit . 
  every single time . 
  i doubt you could even play ffxiv with 500 + ping on top of all these server sync issues . 
  that would be nightmare in dungeons . 
  i think there is even a bug with skipping cutscenes - two times i 've tried to do it ( during airship travel ) mouse clicks did n't register when pressing on skip button . 
  i knew about numpad0 key so i 've tried it too and that worked . 
  what does psa mean ? 
  but still we need to manually create report to customer support . 
  thanks for macro though . 
  i guess it 's not several little bugs that just need more time to find and fix but rather one big mess in the engine code which is spread through all the game . 
  probably it will never be fixed but rather mitigated by some `` tricks '' . 
  i do n't care really , it 's even more fun this way - sometimes you get nothing , sometimes it 's 3 parts of a set in one run . 
  and since loot system is totally broken ( good luck trying explain to 3 different people why your lancer needs that + str ( no vit , no dex ) armor and everyone should pass on it ) i 'm just needing/greeding as much as i can , and when i will be tank and someone else a lancer i know we would both do the same . 
  this way it is fair in long run ( very long run ) . 
  i doubt se will ever fix it ( they did n't even acknowledge the issue yet ) . 
  after their stunt with deus ex and jailbroken devices i 'm not really surprised . 
  maybe someone will make a 3rd party version . 
  just check out neocom app on ipad - reference app for eve online made by some fan , this is how these apps should be made . 
  they only get exp after killing mobs , so fates are ok for leveling them but not perfect . 
  you ca n't summon them for instanced battles ( even solo ones ) but there are very few ( if any ) such battles after level 20 ( up to 36 at least ) . 
  also summoning battle chocobo will silently kick you out of any active duty finder , there is no confirmation for it , so beware . 
  chocobo are good fighters on level 30-36 at least , i once was killing 1 same level mob for gc leve and before i 've finished him 3 more aggro mobs had spawned right near me ( all from gc leve ) and i 've managed to survive ( as lancer ) . 
  after finishing the story i 'm planning to switch to levelling second class and only running dungeons with fc . 
  the queue times are way too long for me to wait 50-100min ( some days even more ) in queue and then tank or healer will ragequit ( i suppose there are bad dds too but we learned to be silent so not to provoke anyone to leave ) . 
  yep , that 's my plan to switch to healer class . 
  additionally this way i 'll cover two out of three professions and will find parties easier ( including fc ones ) . 
  it 's good to always check cast bar but really it does n't really matter ( except steropes of course ) - you just do n't have all that time while spell casts - player either a ) moves the instant circle had appeared ( cast begins ) or b ) dies whatever he does . 
  it 's a matter of milliseconds to live or die . 
  and instant cast spells/skills really help to `` hack '' bad game polling but player need to be always alert to use them while running from aoe . 
  # 6 - i think there is a trader at main city markets who sells equivalent materials of all guild suppliers . 
  # 7 - do n't forget to downsize quest list too . 
  this saves space considerably . 
  the bad thing - square did n't bother to render nice fonts for 80 % and 120 % huds , so small and large texts are extremely ugly and pixelated . 
  # 11 - it usually costs around 250 gil to teleport to main cities from another city even with favorite set and reduced rates activated . 
  so in general it is always a bit more expensive than airship but more convenient . 
  additionally :, 
  a ) you can only receive items inside the dungeon . 
  so if you 'll need/greed an item from last treasure chest and leave dungeon you will not get item . 
  also if someone left dungeon without voting on item finder you 'll need to wait several minutes to get the item after countdown . 
  b ) if your party had left left you dead alone after clearing last boss in dungeon/trial do not worry - after about 5 minutes you will be released from instance ( dead , but still free to do anything ) and instance will count as finished by you . 
  c ) try to bring out your battle chocobo often - it levels very slowly and as far as i know it only benefits from mob kills . 
  d ) bringing out battle chocobo while being in the duty finder will silently kick you of the queue . 
  e ) do not finish gc level 3 hunting log . 
  you will get a lot of seals from fates , so you will hit the cap at some point anyway . 
  and when se will release 2.1 or 2.2 with new ranks , then bonus from lvl3 log will come in handy . 
  f ) in instances try to wait for your party inside the zone that will be sealed ( but not too close to the boss ) that way you will never get locked out of the battle by accident . 
  g ) beware , that while waiting for duty finder and questing as different class you may encounter a situation when system will lock you in the current class for longer than 45 seconds window to accept invitation to the dungeon ( even when you are like 30 seconds or longer not in battle ) . 
  rarely happens but still possible . 
  h ) when full party joins queue to some popular dungeon ( like amdapor or similar ) and someone leaves party and then reconnects ( or someone leaves and another joins ) - party wait time has doubled now . 
  try to finalize party layout before applying to duty finder . 
  i have fx-8350 and i 've seen ffxiv load only 4 cores out of 8 . 
  so currently i would vote for intel cpu for ffxiv since they have exactly 4 for cores but with better parameters . 
  but keep in mind that sometime in 2014 se will refresh the client for ps4 and pc and it is highly probable that it will be optimized for 8 cores ( ps4 has 8 ) . 
  one other developer already promised on amd tech day 2014 that they 'll optimize for 8 cores in new engine version . 
  ps : i too see a lot of lag even with my cpu , but my video is only hd5770 ( waiting for r9 ) .
