  previously it was only during location load , now it just plain crashed in the dungeon . 
  square - your programmers , qa and management are crap . 
  se still not fixed this pile of code they call dx11 client . 
  and they only made it worse after latest fix . 
  you are just using terminology incorrectly :, 
  `` clear '' group does n't mean that not expert players are n't allowed . 
  you should add something like `` only expert players , n + full runs required '' . 
  every group in this game is a `` learning '' one , unless specified otherwise . 
  this is a game , not an ongoing tournament for ffxiv . 
  being an `` elitist '' also means not being able to accept errors or incorrect preconceptions . 
  oh , good , my blacklist was slowly reaching its limit , i hope there will be some new ( deleted character ) now  . 
  interesting , i did n't know about that . 
  weird animations and ears . 
  what i like about elezen is bigger character - armors look better on us ( in my opinion ) . 
  also tails and horns are usually clipping through armor and in auri case cause gap between torso and weapon/shield on the back . 
  elezen do n't suffer from such problems . 
  initially i wanted to play miqo ` te but during test i created elezen to try something different before wipe . 
  and kind of stayed that way  . 
  still have my fantasia , thought about switching to auri but then decided that those tails and clipping are n't the best thing . 
  this is what true random looks like - it does n't mean that you 'll get different random stuff every try , you may stuck with series of the same items over and over . 
  ps : playing l2 helps with this issue , after that game you 'll never expect anything to drop for you , ever , 
  same for , only i try to invent even more names for `` things ''  . 
  remembering words in app never worked for me , i do n't even remember where they are displayed . 
  in 2.0 , during first month , all dd queues were like this . 
  fast queues were 60-100 minutes and long ones ( titan normal , qarn etc. ), 
  were up to 2-3 hours . 
  my personal record was 1.5 hours wait , some dungeon , then 2.5 hours more wait . 
  i even stopped playing after first month . 
  now i started again in 3.0 and things are way better than before - 10-20 minutes in low level dungeons as dd , almost instant as healer . 
  somehow there are a lot of new characters on my server and with roulettes wait times are sane now . 
  i see lots of people doing high level fates but i doubt that it is very effective now . 
  i re-started in 3.0 and choose new class to level , while having all main story completed up to 45 lvl ( so no bonus exp till that level ) . 
  what i did is - random stuff till 15 , dungeon roulette till 25 , then levequest `` adamantoise tears '' in south shroud from 25 to 3x ( you can finish it in about 50 seconds literally , and with +4 levels set you 'll get 10k + exp ) , then dungeon roulette till 50 . 
  also do n't forget to logout in sanctuaries , then next day you 'll get about a quarter of your exp bar as a bonus exp ( x1 .5 faster ) . 
  in dungeons you 'll have added bonus of some loot , that will allow you to same money when doing main story and side quests ( pick gold in the rewards instead of loot ) . 
  fates on the other hand give you about as much exp as one side quest and you need to wait and travel a lot for them . 
  now i fear 0x00000c5 . 
  damned dx11 client just keep crashing and crashing and crashing . 
  once i even had to use hard reset on the pc , it was first time since i do n't know , windows 98 or something , in the late nineties ... * facepalm *, 
  laptops have small screen , horrible ergonomics and often overheat , either immediately or after 1-2 years , even with cleaning . 
  performance is ok for games if this is some modern laptop . 
  it is really up to you but i already worked on laptop and played on a laptop and will never do that again . 
  i wonder if they will allow transfer from na legacy to these servers ? 
  or is it going to be ragnarok only ? 
  btw , are character creation limitations applicable to transfer ? 
  can we transfer to locked servers ? 
  especially i like how hundreds of speedrunners will help new players in castrum and praetorium appreciate the story . 
  or how they will instaleave df parties when they see green mark on some player . 
  or how they will rage after a single wipe in dungeon . 
  yes , but i suspect mostly due to game mechanics and game price . 
  you ca n't for example kill someone here for fun and loot ( imagine dropping you alexander gear to some guy in gray , just because he ambushed you cleverly ) , you ca n't train mobs on people , ca n't deny quest or regural mobs to people , ca n't deny whole locations ( by killing everything inside ) . 
  image all of that was in the ffxiv and i doubt that it would be so user friendly . 
  those same people who are behaving uncivil in the chat or abusing vote/leave would be the hunters and griefers . 
  i found out experimentally that you can finish lvl50 trial and lvl50 castrum meridianum with speed runners and still at least see all fights ( people are so overgeared that fights are almost instant ) . 
  with praetorium it does n't work - people will leave you behind and due to mechanics some gate will clise and block you from joining with runners . 
  i 'm thinking that here we either need to create a majority party and ignore those runners or indeed watch in the inn . 
  - yes, 
  - and no, 
  basically dx11 is a pile of code and we ca n't fix it on client side , no matter what we 'll do . 
  welcome your new best friend - oxc0000005 , you will see it often and nothing you 'll do will fix it until se will fix they bugs . 
  it is totally se 's fault , i suppose that they screwed up something in texture post-processing , that 's why it happens during location loads , even sometimes during first load when you start the game and logging into the server . 
  it will happen on any driver , with any amount of apps running in background and with any temperature and state of the hardware . 
  it may happen instantly at startup , or it may happen after several hours . 
  after latest patches it happens rarely , but still happens . 
  one thing that may help a little bit - turn down texture filtering from anisotropic to trilinear . 
  on my side it decreased amount of client crashes several times . 
  driver is crashing but not because of driver but because game corrupts its data in vram and that causes driver to restart or crash or freeze . 
  i 'll try 350.12 but it is not a long term solution even if it will help ( i thought that filtering option will help too , but crashes resumed afterwards ) . 
  besides ati drivers are suffering too . 
  that exception was taken from event viewer , i see the same stuff there half of the time . 
  in another half of crashes game just crashes with no messages in logs . 
  for example on my pc :, 
  a request to disable the desktop window manager was made by process ( 4 ), 
  the desktop window manager was unable to start because composition was disabled by a running application, 
  fault bucket , type 0, 
  event name : livekernelevent, 
  response : not available, 
  problem signature :, 
  attached files :, 
  c : \\ windows \\ livekernelreports \\ watchdog \\ wd-20150717-2234 . dmp, 
  c : \\ windows \\ temp \\ wer-948109024-0 . sysdata.xml, 
  c : \\ windows \\ temp \\ wer28.tmp.werinternalmetadata.xml, 
  these files may be available here :, 
  analysis symbol :, 
  rechecking for solution : 0, 
  report status : 4, 
  display driver nvlddmkm stopped responding and has successfully recovered . 
  faulting application name : ffxiv_dx11 . exe , version : 1.0.0.0 , time stamp : 0x55a00e4f, 
  faulting module name : ffxiv_dx11 . exe , version : 1.0.0.0 , time stamp : 0x55a00e4f, 
  exception code : 0xc0000005, 
  fault offset : 0x00000000001458a1, 
  faulting process id : 0xc440, 
  faulting application start time : 0x01d0c0bbb14b2b64, 
  fault bucket , type 0, 
  event name : appcrash, 
  response : not available, 
  problem signature :, 
  p3 : 55a00e4f, 
  p6 : 55a00e4f, 
  p7 : c0000005,
