  these region shenanigans in 2017 coupled with inept management and programmers are so lame really , i hope someone will crash this system some way . 
  this is a way to convert your own soul into character experience , 
  pvp gear can be obtained in a 1-2 hours . 
  or if you only need 1-2 items then it will take 20 minutes . 
  it is as easy as it can get , except for outright giving i235 gear . 
  it already happened in al-andalus about a 1000 years ago . 
  they blew their chance and now degrading into non-existence . 
  since this is suggestions thread - do not run or even install ccleaner or other `` helpful '' software , it is a fast track to screwing up your os files and settings . 
  it is highly unlikely that this will change in sb . 
  what may change is quests 3.1-3 .5 similarly to 2.1-2 .5 , they may get a very small exp reward added . 
  those were dark times indeed . 
  praying to the religion of war , reading hate propaganda . 
  now with religion of peace it is all better . 
  thankfully ffxiv does n't use icons with red cross on them or they would sue se to oblivion . 
  you ca n't force it , doing other fates does n't matter at all in this case and amount of spawned fates is also irrelevant . 
  take some entertainment and camp it on the spot . 
  it takes about an hour if you are unlucky ( as myself ) but you may meet new people there , 
  this split was invented at the beginning of 20th century by marketing guys to sell two times more stuff . 
  if you check in 19th century babies were dressed in white regardless of the gender . 
  i like how reddit world ends in germany  , not that those times are terribly important but still . 
  i wish we would have a ship like in lineage 2 from human starting village . 
  you had to actually wait for it and then travel for like 10 minutes on it ( and you could jump off and drown if careless ) . 
  that was a real group event , especially since it happened after level 20 or so , so all were newbies . 
  here is your answer - `` kids '' . 
  not generalizing but it is a given that kids have bigger percentage of trash talkers than adults . 
  and given that mentor status is a huge grind , that is not hard but rather long then you can see that kids are more likely to get it . 
  also crowns . 
  to sum - just ignore such people , join good fc and enjoy the game . 
  well since you are still debating you probably have a valid reason not to transfer . 
  so the answer is no , you should not transfer . 
  see , it is very easy , 
  joking aside i do n't see any reason not , especially now . 
  alas not on this sub . 
  here they will collect about a x100 more votes than actual useful original content . 
  hi all . 
  i 'm kinda new to this game since i played it only a little when it launched . 
  i have black mage and red mage and some small selection of cards . 
  now i 'm thinking what direction to go with 27 summon tickets and a hundred or so ability tickets ? 
  what should i pull or not pull and wait for some future stuff ? 
  thanks . 
  but pvp gear ... 
  in before `` launcher suxxx , such sloow '' - i 'm downloading capped at my isp speed ~ 80 mbit/s , and i 'm not even in europe ( where my account is ) . 
  samurai and red mage require ultima weapon done . 
  basically 2.0 complete . 
  2.1 and up not required . 
  source is an older live letter . 
  they may have changed this or decided against this req . 
  i guess we will wait and see , nothing we say now will change the actual game . 
  except bard who got a possibly useless duplicate as lvl70 . 
  covfefe, 
  `` sometimes reasonable men must do unreasonable things '' ( c ) some guy, 
  i 'm angry now . 
  where the ( redacted ) is the ( redacted ) third book ?!, 
  i 'm tired of waiting for two guys ( actually 3 ) to finish their books . 
  explain to me like i 'm five - what is this ` ver ' thing with red mage ? 
  does it mean anything ? 
  also 1 bad and 2 bad , 
  they said that it is somehow difficult to implement and that they made a fix that in in a grid of small squares if you are in the same square as boss it will be prioritized for display but if you will stand in adjacent squares then this system wo n't work . 
  basically bosses are only prioritized is you are next to them . 
  not the ideal solution but i lock my pc when i do this . 
  then all key input will go into password field and wo n't do anything . 
  this is what i find ridiculous in some vegetarian dishes , vegetarian hamburger , really ? 
  you ca n't even invent an original name ? 
  people who get upset about food naming have some serious problems . 
  unless by word `` upset '' you mean something else than upset . 
  as for discussing it - do you honestly never ever discuss with someone something that you consider wrong ? 
  i wo n't believe `` yes '' answer even for a second by the way . 
  i was merely wondering about lack of fantasy in some people , who live in the world full of original and good food that already qualifies as vegetarian and still persist in creating a certain meat dish without meat and call it its original name . 
  if it was n't so widespread i wo n't even mention it but i hear about vegetarian hamburgers regularly enough for this to become annoying . 
  sanderson soon will be overloaded with work - he 'll have to finish martin 's series , rothfuss 's series and so on  . 
  books are just awesome , join the waiting club . 
  i like that you use word `` exactly '' here , 
  ordering a beer in southern france ... oh god ... 
  i always assumed that astronauts are chosen primarily by their physical condition , coordination abilities etc. 
  basically military pilots who already have insanely high requirements . 
  that 's why gagarin was chosen out of first group - for his ability to tolerate high-g better than others . 
  or for / b /, 
  strawman recursion , 
  they did nerf raven earrings ( maybe incorrect name ) when launching arr , so their track record is not very impressive in that regard . 
  also relics . 
  america 's army 3 was cool in that way - all exp was awarded for doing reasonable stuff . 
  move as a group - get exp , cover guy using key items - get exp , mark enemies for your squad - get exp , assist incapacitated - get exp . 
  and so on . 
  heal only party will be bursted in a minute . 
  i still do n't understand - this will or will not work for recurring sub ? 
   if you have remaining subscription time that was purchased before the campaign period , or you have an active recurring subscription , we will calculate any remaining game time available as of saturday the 1st of july towards the campaign . 
  so if i have recurring sub and there are from 1 to 30 days until next payment that means that i 'm not eligible , since i do n't have 90 days until next payment ? 
  ps : for example i see this in mog station :, 
   standard, 
  ** remaining days \uff1a 6 days **, 
  recurring, 
  it has to be 90 here for the mount ? 
  great , all afkers will be kicked . 
  fucking shit still does n't work !, 
  getting dumped back into 3 hour queue ?!, 
  eu cerberus 2-3 hours queue every day , any time ( day/evening ) . 
  just sat 2 hour queue , played for 20min , 90k and now i see even bigger queue . 
  damn this shit . 
  how is it playable if queue is 2-3 hours and one dc multiplies it to 4-6 hours wait ? 
  we all got a collective ... boot to the head !,
