  latency is definitely good . 
  i never got to ex content on na but normal was borderline ok , e.g. 
  i could get out of all fast aoe ( normal ) but only if i reacted immediately . 
  now i have more time for the same actions . 
  majority is in the same timezone as me + - few hours . 
  na is waking up when it is evening in eu , so other players are limited to stray eu players . 
  maintenance is in the morning usually . 
  lots of new players on all levels , a few times in january i did pre-50 dungeons where all of us were there first time . 
  need/greed everything except if people ask in chat and you agree , or if it is some sprout in low dungeon and you only want items for gc seals . 
  also there dragoon armors that are also tagged for tanks but entirely useless for them ( not dis . 
  of war items , but specifically tanks plus drg ) , so maybe switch from need to greed for those armors if you are tank ( in my experience tanks never do that ) . 
  and remember to at least greed if everyone is silent because if everyone passes for some reason item will disappear . 
  no , first timers do not need to research ex fights or any fights on their own time . 
  this is a game , not a friggin ' job and i 'm not deploying production database blind , i 'm killing some pixels in the game . 
  and those pixels are not even relevant in the game anymore and it is first damn time !, 
  there a million other times when having good knowledge is good etiquette or even required - pf , rf , not first time df etc. 
  but first time in random df is by definition not in that list . 
  `` to distract the attacker , they 'll be so mesmerised , they wo n't think to damage it '', 
  you wo n't believe how much it is true ... 
  maybe instead people who are so in a hurry to end game that wasting 20 minutes on a few wipes in so unacceptable should make their own pf and rf ? 
  oh wait , they do already . 
  so please leave at least one mode for guys who prefer to play how it was intended by dev team - by just playing . 
  and that mode is called random df where first timers joined . 
  on the other hand if df has no first timers that i think it is acceptable to rant about slow people . 
  note that in my previous message i did n't imply that wasting time is in any way good or polite . 
  but reverse applies too . 
  wasting people experiences without allowing even one chance at good playthrough is also impolite ( imho ) . 
  same as speedrunning praetorium and meridianum with first timers in party . 
  i consider it rude but again this is just my opinion . 
  just update and do n't worry . 
  i would guess that most of those issues came from doing some other stuff before upgrade . 
  i upgraded from 3.5 to 4.0.2 and today to 4.0.3 over the air just fine . 
  1800 lte is band 3 , so euro or china models will work . 
  a3010 or a3003 . 
  north america model, 
  europe / asia model, 
  china model, 
  and thanks for your explanation . 
  i have seen it one time on 4.0.2 and one time on 4.0.3 recently . 
  model a3010 . 
  probably just wow kids are misunderstading and due huge wow popularity projecting it to other games . 
  same with dps - everywhere else it is dd - damage dealer , not `` damage per second '' , when talking about roles . 
  `` look at you human , a pathetic creature of flesh and bone . 
  how can you challenge a perfect , immortal machine . '', 
  of course , it has that evolution thing that every proper god hates , 
  churches may be wrong . 
  the good book says that god created all creatures in one earth day , so maybe roman catholic church did n't study that part carefully ? 
   and the good book is obviously right because it 's good . 
  this looks horrible . 
  no , for real . 
  i like sweets , but this is like falling into vat of mutagen in the cookie factory . 
  sugar level over 9000 . 
  note that original il-2 design had proper gunner seat with armor and it was vetoed by stalin because there was no need for it while having full air superiority in future war . 
  and when he was faced with defensive war instead , il-2 was hastily reworked back to two seater configuration . 
  so tell me , how many russians acknowledge that there is indeed happening russian invasion in ukraine right now and for the last three years ? 
  i bet less than 0.001 % because of how embarrassing this is . 
  do n't you know , it was banned due to dresden agreement . 
  cause shoggoths and all ... 
  definitely primer, 
  went to the mirror , spoke to one of the ukrainians , he did n't disagree with me . 
  mankind stopped associating aliens in general with semi comparable in size , independent , talking , carbon based creatures with a brain . 
  same happened in russia over last 16 years . 
  dictator support actually increases despite him lying and climbs to astronomical values eventually . 
  another thing is that people with medium support for the dictator later face more and more horrible accusations of dictatorship they support and go in complete denial . 
  it is way to horrible to be accused of starting a war on your neighbor for profit when you only wanted `` strong ruler '' to deal with whatever stuff was bad for you . 
  no , they think , war is most likely a lie or did n't happen at all . 
  no , war is actually fault of of those other guys sitting 10k km away across the ocean . 
  tl ; dr trump will continue lying and conspiring will all sorts of awful guys across the globe and his support will only increase . 
  dissidents will be laughed at , ignored , sued , chased out of the country and in the last stage publicly but without any comments exterminated . 
  unless you do something . 
  anything . 
  tigris and euphrates . 
  ffvi that i always want to play start to end but never have time . 
  they probably did n't misconfigure cloud sharing options on their phone . 
  yet , 
  very rapidly would be millions of years instead of hundreds of millions . 
  also rate of evolution is directly proportional to a number of different species , so after mass extinction of for example 95 % of species evolution will slow by that amount too . 
  my 8 core uses exactly 4 cores for the game and whatever is needed for os and stuff goes to others . 
  so right now 6 or 8 cores are n't need for ffxiv , unless they provide something extra for performance and affordable for you . 
  and looking at my 2 generation old gpu providing 60 fps everywhere ( i lock it at 60 in settings ) new gpu are also not needed for it . 
  unless one day se decides to upgrade engine . 
  read as `` foof powered train '' , was scared . 
  reverse question always interests me - selling a grey ( ! ), 
  weapon on auction with 500 % markup ( from regular npc vendor ) ? 
  or higher ? 
  and there are several of such listings for same weapon ? 
  did everyone went insane ? 
  majority of ex-ussr citizens still believe it ( out of population that heard about this in any form ) . 
  fingerprint is a login , not a password . 
  it 's a pity that phones does n't allow proper prints + pass security , only one of those . 
  not giving your child vaccines . 
  unable to comprehend really , even if they do cause whatever ( which they do n't , according to science ) . 
  the f #ck are you thinking ?!, 
  polio can lead to f #cking death !, 
  in pain !, 
  and here is an actual photo of a guy taking samples from nuclear fuel underneath reactor . 
  radiation counter was unable to display counts because it was higher than maximum 3000 roentgen/hour . 
  i actually hate people doing it , but disqus trained me to edit words or whole post will get blocked . 
  so just a force of habit . 
  at 5 books in - it only gets better .
