  no stuttering on mine ( 3.5.6 , 4.0.2 , 4.0.3 ) at stock , no root . 
  try uninstalling nova launcher and use it stock . 
  also try another launcher for comparison . 
  it is of course inexcusable that simple program is lagging but it could be some os vs. launcher compatibility issue . 
  like florida , 
  yes , and opec is its prophet . 
  considering that zodiark is not a high population server and it is top 1 here the actual normalized number may be harmful for the sanity of the players there . 
  try frame limiter at 60 fps in game settings . 
  i was wondering why i do n't see it on the map for a few days too . 
  then i actually went there  . 
  npc is on the other side of the camp , go around you 'll see it . 
  and it shows lvl45 quest by default and on map view but it actually has 2 quests - 1 lvl45 and 1 lvl50 ( moogle mail ) . 
  talk to her and you will see both of them . 
  more like 6 or 7 . 
  no , doing other fates only matters if for some reason location is at the limit of active fates and new one ca n't come up . 
  you complete fate , it frees the slot and new other fate should appear . 
  there is otherwise zero influence on completing other fates to trigger certain fate . 
  i was waiting for one fate in cch for an hour and during that time whole location sometimes had 2 or 1 active fates for minutes , so lots of slots and nothing appeared . 
  during that time i have cleared nearby fates , just to pass time and i have seen all of them go up at least twice , so no influence from completing other fates . 
  some fates just have a stupid fixed timer that can be arbitrary long and there is nothing you can do about that . 
  game designer was clearly a l2 insider  . 
  if i had to guess what would more likely cause a person to become religious , dementia or wisdom , well , the answer right now is rather obvious . 
  there is no purpose for us , none whatsoever . 
  except for some imaginary purposes that we tend to create in the mind . 
  i 'm reading a lot in english last few years ( it is not my native language ) and it has zero influence on my grammar knowledge or word pool for talking . 
  the only positive outcome is that i can actually read in english which is a kind of circular benefit - read to improve reading . 
  yes . 
  you prepare intensively for the exam during first 15-30 years of life , then you take exam and like with all exams you start to forget what you learned over time . 
  and closer to old age you have very high chance to forget all of that knowledge . 
  i have better idea . 
  since all cinemas have this infrared cameras on the ceiling to spot recorders they can add paintball gun to it and sell tickets for this attraction separately . 
  ticket would be 50 $ , +20 $ for each correct hit , -50 $ for each miss . 
  hmm , i was rather sure all them have cams . 
  maybe i was wrong . 
  but i definitely seen sometime ago clip from such cam taken in a big cinema - bright black and white picture similar to nightvision , top mounted and you could clearly see everyone from above . 
  and uploader wrote that it is a common thing to spot recorders . 
  oh , that 's what it was then . 
  like islam in several countries . 
  you ca n't be an atheist in iran since 1979 for example , not really . 
  it is arguably almost a requirement for top government posts in western world ( e.g. 
  president and immediate below him ) . 
  it is entirely possible that after next world wars and restructuring there would emerge some new countries or alliances that would demand from their citizens to be faithful of whatever religion that will be mainstream at that time . 
  middle east and usa seems to be a counter example . 
  though i may be wrong about usa . 
  i suspect that with our current brain size and without any gene mods for children religions will stay forever . 
  faith is a self inducing behavior and being atheist is an unstable state - if any war or major crisis will happen lots people will drop down in income and general wealth , some down to starvation levels and this encourages faith behavior ( again - with our current brains on average ) . 
  they have less keyboards on average , so less chances to rage in party chat  . 
  it is a common knowledge that our intelligence as a species directly depends on a brain size . 
  and brain size directly depends on a body support system and women ability to give birth to children of a certain max size . 
  in my opinion regions wo n't die eventually because on average humans are n't smart enough . 
  but they wo n't ( imho ) . 
  what i 'm saying is this is what we have got for a long time , several centuries at least . 
  we can hope , yes . 
  if you will focus only on msq and if you only play in the evenings ( aka casual gameplay , no 24/7 ) you will get to end of main story right before stormblood in 3 months . 
  just do n't spread efforts - no secondary jobs , no grinding for items ( you do n't actually need them ) etc. 
  ps : in my opinion , there is no need to level other jobs for cross-class abilities until you are level 60 , with the sole exception of swiftcast and that is also optional . 
  it will only matter when op will be proficient with his main kit , not before . 
  again , do n't waste time on 0.1 % efficiency gains when you will burn through a 1-2 level per day and swap two full armor sets per week . 
  do n't waste time and burn through msq . 
  according to some guys calculations of how stats translate to actual damage - weapon damage has 50-100 times more weight than secondary stats . 
  so +3 wd can be equivalent to +150 -300 of crit or determination etc. 
  slightly loose definition , 
  hmmm , racing game on android that is not p2w and riddled in ads ? 
  next you 'll tell me it is not going to crawl through my contacts ? 
  absurd . 
  not possible . 
  next would be one winged angels and pandas . 
  this ^ . 
  never bend phones before including op3t but i did bend ipad2 in tightly packed backpack , right where volume buttons are . 
  so i just slightly bend it backwards , buttons started working and there is only a slight mark left on the glass , visible only in contrast light . 
  no other visible or internal damage . 
  metal devices can be bend a little and bent back without any issues . 
  you can shift the phone slightly to side when doing this , so it wo n't be in the way . 
  learn how alert slider works , set srgb in display settings , set some gestures if you want ( v for flashlight is just awesome , others are helpful too ) . 
  in camera hq is slightly better unless you specifically want hdr in bright day conditions . 
  actually you need to calculate how many of this weapons can be realistically acquired per day on one server . 
  then you take approximately 5000 active lvl60 players ( per server ) and divide that by calculated daily drop rate . 
  so if people will farm 10 of these per day than on average half of the lvl60 population will get one after 250 days . 
  if they 'll farm 80 weapons per day then half of lvl60 population will have ilvl280 after 1 month . 
  a lone man is standing in the red square near kremlin , holding a stack of papers . 
  he shouts `` political propaganda , come take a leaflet !, 
  political propaganda ! '' . 
  almost immediately two policemen come to question and detain him . 
  when they come closer they see that all papers are just blank , without any text there . 
  they ask the man `` why are n't there any text ? '' . 
  man answers - `` why bother writing ? 
  everyone knows it already . 
  this . 
  i never understood obsession with sanitizers and antibacterial soap ( it is also constantly advertised on tv ) . 
  when i happened to get into an army for a year over the course of service i gradually stopped using wet wipe towels , then washing hands with soap before every meal , then washing hands before eating some food with them ( like fruits etc. ), 
  and so on . 
  not that i stopped doing it altogether , but rather stopped obsessing about cleanliness and doing it every time ( we were living in field , far from civilization , hot water and shops ) . 
  and i never once had indigestion or similar issues or straight food poisoning , same for the majority of other guys . 
  in the first month i was half expecting a rampant dezinteria but there was n't a single case of it over a year . 
  antibacterial stuff in everyday life is overrated . 
  double useless , first - because levels 1-20 barely need any boosts and second - because 95 % of pre-20 exp comes from quests and bonus does n't apply to it . 
  since you are writing a proper academic paper , do not use term `` dps '' , use term `` dd '' - damage dealer ( role ) , not damage per second ( characteristic ) . 
  also do not use word `` meta '' as a replacement for word `` best '' or synonyms . 
  discussing which job is is better at something can be described with word `` best '' , discussing why there are a lot threads on reddit about best job ( for example ) can be described with word `` meta '' . 
  ps : i do know that opinions vary about these words .
