  but now i wish i did n't do it at all '' . 
  i hope it wo n't end with pandas and one-winged emo angels . 
  `` be a scrub , ride a chocobo '' , 
  i had to play for a month before i stopped saving long cds ( and then save them again and again ) . 
  also it was hard to switch thinking about 5-10 % boosts as small , after l2 where you had 3-4 dds and 5-6 dedicated supports to multiply dps several times . 
  `` will clean chocobo stables for birb '' , 
  bonus is almost negligible . 
  i think on 30-40 gc leves you get maybe 5-10 % more for killing 5/5/4 instead of 1/1/1 required minimum . 
  definitely not worth it . 
  you can wait for the announcement . 
  then they will tell that it launches in china first . 
  then you 'll wait for highly probable production queue wait - `` shipping in 5 weeks '' . 
  then wait for colour , memory and other options . 
  and by the time desired op5 will be physically available in your country they will announce op6  . 
  also two things to consider - next gen-socs does n't seem as much desirable as previous jump from 810 to 820 or 7420 to 8890 . 
  and it is rumored that op5 will have glass sandwich body with ( maybe optional ) rounded sides . 
  having seen s7 edge i 'm not really impressed by this concept . 
  my colleague resorted to buy a bumper case for it to hold it reliably and without false touches . 
  ( s7e is great but not perfect in my opinion , i 'm not bashing it ), 
  and yet another thing to consider - op3t is a rather unique phone on the market because it had exact same predecessor to iron out most of the manufacturing issues . 
  next it is fully benefits from already existing 6 month worth of accessories ( same body as op3 - same accessories ) . 
  and last - two major phones with the same ( in future ) firmware is more promising in regards of firmware support . 
  i hope op2 wo n't be repeated on op3/t line . 
  and larger userbase for unified firmware . 
  op5 may or may not be a success , while op3 line definitely was . 
  set `` silent '' mode ( all the way up ) and in settings enable vibrate . 
  not very intuitive but at least it works . 
  that depends on real-life 835 performance and thermals . 
  and on op decision to keep 3400 battery . 
  they can as easily make it smaller for even thinner body . 
  yes , more customization would be much preferred . 
  eli5 - what is wrong with aurum vale specifically ? 
  heard about it several times on reddit . 
  i went there already once and so far it was nothing particularly awful . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  if i want to git gud or something , are there any average dps values that can be used as a reference on lower levels ? 
  ilvl 50 , 100 , 150 or similar range ? 
  not those top level stuff that everyone is talking about . 
  strictly solo , not with party buffs . 
  thanks . 
  if you are fresh lvl50 or so then do fates that are along your regular quests , you could even leave them half finished , just to enough damage and go . 
  other people will finish them and you 'll get seals . 
  complete gc hunting log lvl2 - thats 2k + 0.5 k for each entry or so . 
  complete two gc quests they give you at last sergeant rank - they are 1500 seals each . 
  one is to run some duty - aurum vale normal for maelstrom . 
  another is just go to pvp island and talk to npc . 
  for the rest just submit some pink items to gc guy for seals . 
  i did all that along with msq and never had to farm seals via leves or any other way . 
  leves are soo boring and slow ... you 'll need 2-3 hours to farm 9k seals . 
  when mch got cross-classed berserk - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fptt6upg9y, 
  my guess is that chocobo is actually treated as an advanced minion now and takes its slot . 
  probably they did it to remove chocobo from party members list . 
  frankly 99 % of tanks i 've seen decide by themselves if they want to speedrun or clear and almost never ask the party or acknowledge someones wishes . 
  and they can do twice the amount of dungeons than dd in the same time . 
  i think i still do n't have some map achievements for dungeons because every run is speedrun . 
  probably i 'll have to do them later solo . 
  ps : though i never blame tanks for such decisions in chat , i just do n't like them silently , 
  this is archer quest line or some other ? 
  sahagin needed some land to reproduce so it was a choice between them and finless guys . 
  hard to blame civilization on a verge of total extinction . 
  played it long ago on 17 '' monitor , then few years ago on 10 '' ipad , now it will be 5 '' phone . 
  i guess we 'll be playing it on smartwatches soon , 
  my cat is not very fond of led lamps . 
  she likes to sleep under my table lamp but now it is not hot there ... after a while i had to find incandescent one for her . 
  early access - early alpha - electronic arts - ebola apocalypse, 
  healers are weird in this sub - `` not my job to heal '' , `` not my job to babysit '' , `` not my job to carry '' . 
  i do n't know how to explain it properly but as an ex-healer from another mmo this sounds like martian speech to me . 
  hard to explain really . 
  for me healing through fuckups is the point of being a healer and the best part of it . 
  maybe this is consequence of multi-job characters , where people do n't need to commit being support forever . 
  ps : that does n't mean that calling names in chat is even remotely good idea . 
  only 14.99 $ per months , but you get 60 mogmails for free !, 
  -50 % if you subscribe to this offer before 15/02/2017 !, 
  only on eorzeazon !, 
  maybe some crowd control but usually it was pure heal , also because of mana issues and because dds just did way more damage when buffed . 
  at most we could maybe kill some stray undead and burn tons of mana doing that . 
  ( mana regen was around 5-10 minutes !, 
  to full bar , no joking ), 
  and do n't even ask what pure buffers did all the time , 
  jumbo with 3 tickets - at minimum it is in slight plus , even when every ticket is no hit . 
  mini cactpot with 3 tickets - aim for 6 or 24 only . 
  it will always be in plus even when you never guess . 
  ( try to open 2-1 , 1-3 , 2-3 , 9-8 , 9-7 , 8-7 lines only ), 
  do fast challenges - 100mgp from arcade , 5x times arcade , 1x chocobo win , 3x chocobo races . 
  all them will take 15-20 minutes , mostly on races . 
  after doing this for 3 weeks ( mini cact 5-6 days , races 3 days ) i have about 80-90k mgp . 
  everything is up to resellers . 
  in my country one of the new and `` modern '' resellers is specializing on xiaomi and meizu , lots of advertising everywhere and so after 1-2 years i started to see them in public transport . 
  op is not so advertised yet , i think mostly because they have exactly one model that is more expensive than budget phones ( think redmi line ) but feels less premium than s&a . 
  more advertising required to change this . 
  3/3t was a success , so for a few years at least they will rise . 
  afterwards we 'll see . 
  they need more advertising , more accessories - dash powerbank for example , more covers , stands , portable speakers and so on . 
  they also need better selling internationally . 
  i could n't buy it hassle free from eu store and went to `` gray '' reseller - why do i need to have eu address and credit card ? 
  you are chinese company , just sell the damned thing everywhere for every currency possible . 
  hardest thing they already did - they have a good product and software . 
  samsung s8 is going to break 800 $ price for base ( ! ), 
  model soon , so no issues there , it will compete , 
  i switched ( created new char ) , partially to see what they added for new players .
