  hard to explain . 
  it really is so obviously human invented story that is impossible to believe even if for some reason i wanted . 
  everything except god concept is obviously just a story , partially based on real humans ( minus miracles of course ) . 
  now god concept is harder - it is `` almighty '' and `` not understandable by humans ( forgot correct term ) '' so theoretically it can exist . 
  agnostics take this position . 
  but if you add that by some unimaginable coincidence all those fictional stories were created right at the same moment as god concept we can only assume one thing - god concept is also a fiction despite not provable . 
  tanks dying in drg gear is a karma for `` needing '' that same gear from dragoons . 
  i remember my first mmo , which happened to be lineage 2 c1 . 
  if i remember correctly there were even no quest or map markers , just some text like `` run south , then turn right and look for a cave '' . 
  and people played somehow , gave it glowing reviews and even compared it positively to hand holding in wow . 
  probably not enough for publisher because over next several updates they went all wow with themepark style . 
  they even had an island with dinosaurs in later patches ( kinda like we have all that far east fanservice stuff ) . 
  but it was popular after release too . 
  i mean that even though it would be way less profitable in original state it would still be popular enough . 
  where are you from ? 
  sit . 
  yeah , instead of dumb 3310 they should better revive 9xxx series , just with better hardware . 
  do n't bother with any equipment before level 50 . 
  you can even ignore almost all item rewards from quests where they allow you to choose gold or item . 
  levels 1-50 are extremely easy and fast . 
  for example farming just a single set at lvl 32 ( 5 items ) very likely will level you somewhere to 40-45 . 
  it is just pointless . 
  run main story and its dungeons once or twice and that 's it . 
  wear what will happen to drop and do n't bother optimizing , you 'll burn through each level in an hour or two . 
  ps : if you like to watch story properly do not run `` castrum '' dungeons at level 49-50 in random party , find a free company and ask them to run with cutscenes . 
  it is already there . 
  and battery will be drained , samsung for example loses almost half its battery time with aod enabled . 
  xiaomi has heavy software and hardware fragmentation . 
  op has less diverse hardware and unified software . 
  also more lightweight software while including all interesting customizations . 
  miui has more features but also more heavy . 
  i used mi4 and now op3t and i like oxygenos a little bit more than miui . 
  thats subjective of course . 
  that is correct . 
  but if you for example want to use phone without overnight charging for 2 days then at 1 % / hour it will total to ~ 40 % usage just for aod feature in the end of second day ( 36-40 hours since last charge ) . 
  for example op3t does live for 2 full days on one charge . 
  just to highlight how it can be done another way - once i was buying something in steam and my transaction was also blocked by bank for whatever reason i do n't remember , maybe i had low amount for online payments or so . 
  and the game was stuck in the state when it could n't be bought `` a second time '' . 
  one message to support and in a few hours they unblock the game and refund me payment amount to steam wallet . 
  i even had time to buy the game before discount expired . 
  in another case in steam i willingly traded with fraud guy ( i wanted region locked game that was from north america only ) and again - one message to support and they refunded me full price to wallet based by exactly no evidence except my message , all in a single day . 
  this crap i read about se support is simply unacceptable . 
  i think i also read here about guy calling se and waiting on hold for several hours , do n't remember how it ended . 
  gilbert bates of tarant , the richest man in arcanum . 
  due to lack of competition and benchmarks it is hard to compare , but - exynos 7270 . 
  detailed - yes , but unique ? 
  i think no . 
  rather generic in ffxiv universe short skirt plus half coat or tail , however it 's called . 
  half of female outfits follow the same general style . 
  no need at all to upgrade < 1 year old flagship . 
  try rugged armor next , nothing to break there since it 's all rubber . 
  i also suspect that these multi-layered cases from different companies are n't so much more durable than simple one layer ones with sufficient thickness . 
  again , it is only my speculation , but i think if you drop op3/3t in rugged armor or in neo hybrid or otterbox or other similar case on the back or side from the same height the end results would be indistinguishable , due to full metal build and rubber case . 
  - cheaper . 
  with the same memory - even more cheaper . 
  - one of the top durable regular smartphones . 
  - faster updates ( probably ) . 
  - better battery life, 
  - dash charge technically is better tech than qc3 and qc2 . 
  - better soc for heavy apps . 
  - better camera . 
  - samsung pay . 
  - better audio out . 
  - better display . 
  - better all-around soc . 
  - universal qc charging and wireless charging . 
  - supports everything there is on the market - ant + , aptx etc. 
  - way way better customer support , repairs and so on . 
  choose gui - touchwiz ok or no . 
  battery 3000 - enough or no . 
  if 1 and 2 is ok then - are you willing to pay 100 to 200 more dollars for some slightly better things and support for more very specialized stuff . 
  if yes - s7 . 
  if not - op3t . 
  ps : for 282 $ - buy s7 . 
  arcane warrior in dragon age 1 . 
  very niche and very overpowered and fun , 
  new `` bomb '' item for fisherman - grants you 50-100 random fish and decreases chances of catching fish for everyone in that body of water permanently by 75 % until next maintenance . 
  new item `` net '' - grants you 10-20 random fish , after 10 uses by anyone triggers `` depleted '' state on that body of water that decreases chances of catching fish by 75 % after next maintenance and until second next maintenance . 
  why the hell did you agree for refurbished crap after paying for brand new phone ? 
  overpriced and expensive brand new phone actually . 
  are n't there some laws for demanding a full return in such cases ? 
  i would be mad even after 2nd brick , not 5th . 
  not so big in practice . 
  i had iphones that had broken power buttons , damaged home buttons , not working at all forever wifi ( for real , setting was just greyed out , even after factory reset ) , random black screen freezes that requires phone reset . 
  and low battery life in general an all of them . 
  i 've seen videos on youtube where guys bought several brand new 7 , plus and regular , and all of them had hardware issues - some had several buttons disabled , some had malfunctioning gps etc. 
  all of this is anecdotal but personally i will never pay 30-50 % more for a phone with so called `` quality '' . 
  for features - maybe , but not for `` quality '' , because in my opinion there is just no difference now . 
  i bought samsung a3 ( 6 ) for my mother - it costs literally 1/3 of a cheapest new iphone in my country , it is made of metal and glass and looks better than my older iphone 4s ( honestly ) , build quality is great , and despite sub-par hardware ( 1.5 gb ram for example ) it is working without lags and offloading apps from memory . 
  for her mode of usage with facebook , browser , camera , email it works indistinguishable from my 2 times more expensive and 1 year younger phone ( again , this is an honest assessment ) . 
  sending 5 broken replacements in a row and sending a refurb to a buyer of a new very expensive phone is definitely horrendous customer service and in my opinion warrant an exception to a sub rules . 
  it 's not like it happens every day or even every week . 
  i suppose it should appear in the search that appears when you swipe up across bottom screen border . 
  no assistant on my a3010 with 4.0.3 yet . 
  tried vpn to canada ( thats how i cheated to get 7.0 earlier ) but no updates there too . 
  i left mine on phone for a month for experiment and recently took it off - it is just incomparable experience . 
  screen is hard enough and i almost never drop my phone so it 's better this way . 
  in the end i have spigen rubber case for better grip and nothing on the screen . 
  coating on the screen itself is miles better than on stock film protector ( if it even exists there ) . 
  and judging by my other non-op phones it will last several years minimum .
