  really does n't add any value . 
  same for bard - what is the point in having separate `` current song '' ui if you have to constantly look at cooldown of two other songs ? 
  sloppy job se , very sloppy . 
  do n't spam potd , do n't rush levelling . 
  there is so much to do in the game . 
  beast tribes , big side quest lines , complete all dungeons , raids etc. , chocobo , gs , gc , pvp and so on . 
  in older mmos you had to travel on foot for 10-20 minutes sometimes to next city . 
  through high level mobs usually . 
  this game is like a kindergarten playground . 
  you ca n't even die falling . 
  at what point do feeding battle chocobo certain food causes it to become favorite ? 
  after 10 feedings ? 
  chocobo should be stabled for this ? 
  i read that feeding chocobo any non-favorite food ( except krakka root ) will cause him to un-favorite previous food , is this correct ? 
  does feeding other chocobos with specialized food affect their favorite setting ? 
  does others feeding my chocobo with specialized food will affect his favorite setting ? 
  thanks, 
  also perfectly illustrates why camera in the corner is a bad idea . 
  bad players tent to stick with dd jobs . 
  they look easier and more cool . 
  as a consequence they do n't really know how tanks or healers work . 
  nothing you can do really . 
  blacklist and move on , try to play with your guild if possible . 
  hint - you can do 3-4 pvp rounds for like an hour top and get i235 everything from vendor at wolve 's den pier , 
  ps : do n't be afraid of pvp ( if you are ) , you ca n't be any worse than bots standing still for the entire round . 
  it 's a mess . 
  they change between dragonspeak audio and english audio for no reason at all . 
  well lore-wise we do hear it telepathically ( and speech bubble with ragged border signifies it ) but actual game audio varies from english to dragonspeak ( both are subtitled in english in speech bubble ) . 
  i think hraesvelgr definitely does this at different points . 
  not according to this - https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/6j9xgw/the_current_state_of_healers_end_game_raiding/, 
  iirc he said that scholar went from godlike to just good , as other are , astrologian being slightly better . 
  definitely does n't warrant this       , 
  tree fiddy will do , 
  ps : i just do n't like how / r/ffxiv tends to select some jobs as completely inadequate ( not a quote or related to you , just speaking in general about this sub ) and then people start kicking that job from everywhere despite it being totally viable , only lacking some % of max perfect stats . 
  ah , indeed , i forgot that item lvl was 60 . 
  i entertained the idea of personal house for a while but now i see no point , it will be lonely in there . 
  fc on the other hand always have someone crafting or idling . 
  but you can teleport directly there already ( and for 1/4 of regular price ) ? 
  or you are talking about some other form of it ? 
  it is watching hotbars always , no way around it . 
  maybe try to overlap stuff more , like refreshing buff and dots earlier , to ease learning a bit . 
  i 've even seen dds that see tank not pulling a dozen mobs at once , run away to pull more themselves , like instantly die , faster than 1 gcd , then say some crap in chat and ragequit . 
  players these days ... 
  hw was much better . 
  sb is a facepalm cringe fest . 
  in sb i feel like a team of professional assholes that are prone to tantrums and general stupidity . 
  i want old yda back ... 
  the nanamo story was the weakest part ( and dumbest ) but thankfully it was not a main focus . 
  hw story is 2.4-3 .4 obviously . 
  a continuous main story, 
  partially it is because reddit forces topics to fade out after 1-2 days , regardless of the participation . 
  on the typical forum important and active topics float to the first page and stay there as long as people are posting . 
  here the system forces people to almost shitpost because you ca n't possibly write a new guide or new insight every 12 hours . 
   she did it in less than 24 hours, 
  we can see this, 
  did you listen for morse code in the background there ? 
  you know , just in case , 
  once i was spamming matoya quest in dravania for like 15 minutes . 
  i thought it was puzzle , while you just had to type in exact same string with exact same capitalization ... 
  would be nice if her quests were an actual puzzle as advertised instead of yet another lame-ass sidequest only without marker . 
  no grass though , only green painted rock everywhere . 
  lol , so this is what such posts are for - to praise and worship bad art , 
  good game design that did n't account bad players . 
  then very bad decision to leave it as is , while i wager it is very easy to just force lock everyone while cutscenes playing , just like at the start of duty . 
  ahaha , great find , 
  is there any fast way to distinguish s/a/b hunts ? 
  size is one criteria i know but a and b look rather similar usually . 
  ps : except for googling/remembering each one , that is obvious . 
  huh , today i learned . 
  i never understood what is wrong with the americans and `` butter '' , especially with jelly added . 
  tried to imagine a situation where i would seriously use them ... 
  more useful ? 
  as if it is useful now . 
  if not for rr i might as well have disabled this useless `` gauge '' . 
  troll doors were the best . 
  it 's origin . 
  what would you expect from a company shipping you a spyware , then patching it out and saying it was nothing really ? 
  it autodetects me as in europe but shows american time with am/pm . 
  also , please expand months selector to show previous-current-next months simultaneously , it is really helpful on sites where it is implemented . 
  for whole europe it would be nice to see 24:00 hour format . 
  as for date , yes - see 3 months at a time . 
  we can very easily reproduce them with modern tools and we can reproduce them with stone tools too . 
  this was demonstrated several times long ago . 
  with moai from easter island heyerdahl with a team of native settlers successfully cut out a new complete figure out of stone using stone tools , transported it across half an island to the shore , put it upright on a pedestal and put a stone hat on top . 
  all with stone axes , ropes and a few logs . 
  same stuff was attempted regarding other megaliths , of course at smaller scale ( i.e. 
  no new pyramids were erected , only separate transportation and cutting scenarios for demonstration ) . 
  well , this proves that not everyone here are bots . 
  there are some raccoons too  . 
  typical ~ ~ korean ~ ~ japanese mmo . 
  priority 1 - weekly challenges for 15 % etl, 
  priority 2 - feeding in stable for 0.5-1 % etl, 
  priority 3 - take him with you for aquapolis and whatever that new version is named . 
  farming mobs on high level is rather pointless since you 'll get like 0.1 % or lower etl . 
  you wo n't last doing this for more than a few days ( meaning maybe half of a single level from this ) and you 'll lose your mind . 
  mentoring and playing 16/7 to clear current savage raids are totally different things . 
  raiders in our fc are mostly silent guys with random playtime , and the guys who clearly fall under definition `` mentor '' probably never ever touched savage . 
  now you forgot your keys and phone , 
  sure , game of the 2020 year edition . 
  just put rubber strap on classic , it has standard strap .
