  no obviously different than iphone 4s for example . 
  hardware is blazing fast , including storage . 
  there is literally zero slowness in whatever scenario you can imagine . 
  no input lag observed . 
  build quality and sturdiness is top level . 
  check jerryrigeverything videos . 
  very slim and slippery , hard to use onehanded , top left corner is almost unreachable . 
  i resorted to putting rubber case on it for better grip . 
  software is great , lots of small customizations and gestures and no unnecessary things . 
  lots of updates . 
  no hardware lock for chinese models - meaning you can get chinese a3010 model and easily install official euro firmware without any magic dancing . 
  unlike other chinese phones . 
  longevity prospects are great due to 2 models on essentially the same firmware . 
  dash charging is nuts . 
  i sometimes forget to charge overnight and this thing charges in 20 minutes in the morning to 60-80 % , enough for more than a day . 
  definitely useful feature . 
  bugs :, 
  i 've observed loss of gsm network connection ( silent loss ) 3 times on 3.5.6 and 4.0.2 . 
  fixed by phone reboot each time . 
  last instance was in january . 
  issue did n't recur on latest firmware . 
  sometimes incoming calls are minimized into notification bar , but i suspect that the cause is myself , maybe misclicking something when answering . 
  phone is very big and sometimes you touch sensors that you do n't intend . 
  in general i do recommend buying it . 
  no comments on lte , no coverage in my country . 
  pre-installed is bad . 
  it is thin plastic film and is n't coated with olephobic layer , so it is always in smudges . 
  in my opinion gg4 is hard enough to justify no protector at all . 
  feels way better too . 
  dumb question but still - for bard in wanderers minuet , can we disable hissing sounds of shooting ? 
  make them like without wm or silent ? 
  and leave other sounds as is preferably . 
  we have two examples here - in op screenshot the ignorant person is the one who starts bitching and using obscenities . 
  in dat_matt text transcript in the comments above the ignorant person is the one who starts name calling the other guys `` dumbasses '' , while others are not . 
  so we have 2 out of 2 cases where the ignorant ones are spreading toxic behavior . 
  could you please add additional columns there :, 
  what fates give achievements ;, 
  what fates give item rewards ( or other special things ) ;, 
  comments column , for other info . 
  like chain fates ( order and conditions ) , fates that have abnormal timers ( like the storm caller with 30-60 min timeout ) , short tactics for boss fates and so on . 
  thanks for the effort . 
  i 'm going to try pvp here for the first time and have a few questions :, 
  as a bard , do i need to be in wanderer 's minuet stance ? 
  if yes then always or switching ? 
  and are dots useful in pvp ? 
  what is good novice ilvl for start ? 
  i 'm 135-140 now . 
  what is good fight type to learn with sane queue times for dd at lvl 60 ? 
  feast 8x8 ? 
  other ? 
  thanks . 
  you should check their numbers : 86 - four times twenty six ; 99 - four times twenty and ten and nine . 
  ps : edited to fuckin uppercase, 
  they should add fuchsia paint in the game , that would be hilarious . 
  four - quatre, 
  ten - dix, 
  well , now religion gets to feel how it looks like when people are asked to believe stuff blindly . 
  only difference is that now disinformation is made not by religion but about the religion . 
  wow , he has such a small prong in his bucket . 
  in ukraine we do n't eat peanut butter sandwiches and do n't ever name sandwiches . 
  also never seen it in europe . 
  in europe people only differentiate by bread type and size . 
  big marking of fat percentage on almost every dairy product , e.g. 
  milk - 0.5 % , 2.5 % , sour cream - 15 % , 20 % etc. 
  also clear differentiation of butter and artificial butter-like products . 
  when bigcorps make something worse and claim it a feature they will never ever go back , because this will mean they they were wrong the first time . 
  and bigcorps are never wrong , we are . 
  you do n't do stitching on a wound in the forest , you bandage it appropriately and call a doctor or drive to him . 
  2.0 non-glowing yoichi is nice , others are meh . 
  oh god ... 
  you will have a few restrictions as a sprout ( green leaf icon ) , something about party invites and trades . 
  sprout is for 7 days of playtime and reaching first heavensward city . 
  nothing really limiting though . 
  unless some especially specific conditions , env . 
  and skills are present you do n't do stitching on a wound in field , phone reception irrelevant . 
  if you know for sure that there is no phone coverage , or that doctor wo n't come where you are you have two options - 1 ) you can get to the doctor in some adequate time - then you do n't stitch wound and leave it for experienced guys in sterile env . 
  2 ) you ca n't get to doctor in a day or two , then it is up to you but you are pretty screwed whatever you do . 
  yeah . 
  russia invades neighbor countries every few years and either claims it `` peacekeeping '' or `` self defense '' . 
  whole world then proceeds to agree with russia , because it would be inconvenient otherwise . 
  wearing uniform . 
  looks ok at first , until you stop and remember that school is supposed to teach thinking , not conformance and obedience . 
  s8 is 925 $ and s8 plus is 1075 $ . 
  official sammy price in my country . 
  but 485 $ more just for that is not very appealing . 
  the price increase is more than 2 times . 
  ukraine . 
  25k and 29k uah respectively . 
  uah to usd is about 27:1 now . 
  oneplus 3t is 12-14k uah for example , half as much as s8 . 
  almost everyone want it but devs just do n't acknowledge this . 
  anything less than small tactical nuke wo n't help i 'm afraid . 
  taking it one level of abstraction higher - being so impulsive and impatient they were probably from , hmm , younger demographic . 
  so you should also take that into account and be more patient when such angry guys are around . 
  next run you may encounter 3 nice guys that will help you in a new dungeon , be patient when you are n't top class that day and wait for you watching cutscenes without complaining . 
  there lots of different people around . 
  i would also prefer it less than 70mm in width . 
  yeah , because they were asking for a god to throw away putin , who is a true russian god now . 
  how can people be ea loyalists ? 
  this is one software company that i 'm never ever buying from .
