i 'm new to this game and i 've only leveled thaumaturge to lvl19 during last weekend . 
  i generally used single target spells in dungeons but only because tanks had trouble keeping aggro as is , especially for multiple mobs . 
  but in copperbell mines at first boss with a lot of minions we have died several times with one party and once with another , until in second party tank specifically asked me to aoe . 
  and then we 've cleared that room rather fast . 
  and sleeping i think is more needed at higher levels . 
  currently i need a few seconds to target new running mob because of laggy anumations , then cast time , and then somebody would just break sleep . 
  maybe it 's better for harder fights . 
  i think someone said here that all items from 1.0 for legacy chars can be retrieved from some calamity scavenger which is in limsa  . 
  i 'm new player and i 'm going to legacy server . 
  my reasons :, 
  * on launch there will be hundreds of people on any level . 
  * newbie only needs like two or three days to get to 20lvl . 
  maybe week or 10 days to 30-35 . 
  and that not hardcore playing , just on evenings . 
  * you only need to complete sastasha etc. 
  once . 
  second runs are totally optional and really not needed for newbie ( see point 2 - you 'll get past that gear in a day or two ) . 
  * 1.0 chars would need to complete main line once again too , plus all those additions that were n't in the old ff14 . 
  they have a lot to do even if they are max50 in all classes . 
  * i 've looked through 3 linkshells in my community that played in 1.0 , maybe around 100-200 players total . 
  about half of them does n't have even one 50lvl class and only 20 players or so had most 50lvls . 
  * on pre-35lvl market does n't matter at all unless you wo n't play warrior or mage and is only interested in crafting . 
  * does n't matter if there are 1000 or 20000 players on the server , you only need 3 other players for most of the game  . 
  * 1.0 players wo n't quit in a month if they 'll resume playing in 2.0 . 
  i advise to forget about `` economics '' and `` population '' etc. 
  and go where your community is going ( if not , you could start searching for community now  ), 
  that 's because many male players with girlfriends ( actually all i 've ever seen , no exceptions ) choose some dd class and ask their girlfriend to play whatever class complements theirs - buffer or healer etc. 
  and they do n't refuse it . 
  and many male players , being power players or munchkins ( again , this is only a limited observation ) , would sooner pick party only tank or semi tank if not a true dd and supplement him with bot supports . 
  only a very small amount of male players i 've encountered plays support by their own will . 
  mostly because most mmos does n't provide support classes with best 1:1 challenges and rewards , only with team ones . 
  ps : just in case - i 'm a male  . 
  1 . do not bother with guild website . 
  there wo n't be anything interesting there at any time . 
  instead put all efforts into guild forum - make at least not ugly design , do not abuse backgrounds etc. , get rid of too large avatars and graphical sigs , improve protection against dos and spammers . 
  lots of work here , forget about websites . 
  3 . do not bother with guild rules . 
  if there are more than 5 sentences there - you are doing it wrong . 
  99 % of guild rules i 've seen fall into two categories - a ) `` do n't be a moron '' ; b ) `` do n't be a moron and you must play at following times - < schedule  '' . 
  instead of guild rules work on recruiting text for non-specialized game communities . 
  check 5-10 random recruiting topics of any guilds and write something different and imaginative . 
  this is how i have found good companies to play with in different games . 
  5 and 8 - this is very important . 
  very . 
  7 . does n't work if forced and scheduled . 
  if free then coaching happens without any leaders influence . 
  6 . guild rewards - `` new special ability : +1 % chance that you guild disintegrates today '' . 
  seriously , avoid this like fire . 
  if the game allows or even encourages taxing members ( forced or free , does n't matter ) try not to discuss it and advice so to guild members . 
  the best is just dump all the money into guild infrastructure if the game supports this . 
  i do n't think that splitting instanced dungeons as different activities based on who gives the quest is correct . 
  they are all the same instanced dungeons , nothing 's wrong with them but se are not exactly innovative here . 
  same logic with other similar activities in that graph . 
  microsoft natural ergonomic keyboard 4000 with attached front panel . 
  the best thing ever  . 
  do n't own kinesis or maltron , maybe those are even better . 
  you can also look at logitech g series if you need more programmable keys for macros . 
  from 6 to 18 additional keys . 
  i do not recommend buying mechanic keyboards without trying it before . 
  i still remember swimming from talking island to continent in lineage2 when i fell from the ship and did n't want to wait 20 minutes for next ferry . 
  it was fun i 'd say  . 
  swm would be nice addition to the game , i hope somewhere in v2.5-3 .0 . 
  i did n't get to test it due to lack of time , but i think that you can move default position of hint windows in the options . 
  that way some important popups wo n't overlay dialog windows which are also generated in the center of the screen . 
  this is important because some of the hint windows are displayed right after you start related activity - e.g. 
  join instance . 
  always hated weapon glow in lineage2 . 
  just looked stupid even in the unreal fantasy setting . 
  did n't see linked pictures before takedown but i can guess that they were rather bad too . 
  its obvious - we will have shiny glowing new weapons which will blind bahamut instantly . 
  i 'm missing large territories and no excessive quest help from early lineage2 . 
  back then quest giver sent you to find some npc and there was no map markers for him , not even a compass with direction , you only knew name of the big location where he was and name of the npc ( if you bothered to read quest dialog ) . 
  and npc itself had no flashy icon over his head , so had to know his name . 
  for me it was very fun time for quests . 
  mob agro and social mechanics were more interesting too . 
  if i understand correctly that was done for ps3 . 
  they still may link locations with update to ps4 . 
  i hope bahamut wo n't be left forgotten and weak in his cave when new summons will be added . 
  i wonder how se will explain why new summons are more powerful than the-one-locked-in-a-personal-moon ? 
  so if i understand correctly allagan , relic +1 and relic items are better than best crafted items with inserted materia4 in all slots . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  for people not living in the default country , maintenance is from :, 
  who knows , queue for dd classes on sargatanas currently is longer than 1 hour ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 \uff09 \u256f \u253b \u2501 \u253b . 
  i just quit the damned thing at some point . 
  why would n't they at least put some estimate there , it is not that hard to implement . 
  i do n't care if it is not precise , just tell me if it 's going to happen today ... 
  for the rest of us , not living in the default country , downtime is :, 
  so other two players , who waited 40-60 minutes for party will need to re-queue just because you are unable play with off-tank in party and ragequitting ? 
  how nice of you . 
  i hope you 're not in my timezone and i will never be matched with you . 
  i would guess that 's because free2pay mmo games are more expensive than the ones with subscription ? 
  not understandable . 
  just a bad client-server design . 
  i hope they will fix all this bugs in bulk at some point , at least when new dx11 client will be released . 
  by `` all this bugs '' i was meaning all issues related to the client-server implementation . 
  lag , animation issues etc. 
  bug described by op fall into the same category - the core reason for all this is the same . 
  bugs can be different . 
  yesterday your server was handling 100 concurrent connections by design , but today new feature is implemented - encryption . 
  and now your server start refusing connections after 50 users online .
