  as for original question - before doing rehashes of existing bosses se should create more original stuff . 
  seeing as ff lore is heavily interpreted mythology they have a lot of sources to use . 
  check this page for example :, 
  there are like thousands of possible monsters there . 
  potd gives all kinds of tomes every set of 10 levels . 
  51-60 give 60 lore and 30 scripture . 
  accessory cost is 375 of any tome . 
  also - do not spend gil too much , leave some buffer if you see you are dropping heavily . 
  run more , buy less , 
  gundu tribe gives 15 lore per each daily quest . 
  leveling roulette - 100 lore per run . 
  and triggers every 60 minutes + - 20 minutes . 
  `` storm caller 2 '' , 
  and accidentally brings another alphinaud twin . 
  yeah , i had hope for him for a few quests . 
  and then he dropped back to his old self . 
  even minfilia was n't as bad as him , i cringe every time he talks to another npc . 
  well 3 is obviously better than 0.8 , 
  it is not launcher , it may be either se server capacity or your network . 
  when i download updates it is always very fast . 
  maybe isp but why would they bother is bandwidth is small ? 
  i would first suspect router or os , those can limit open sockets in some cases . 
  reddit will upvote more for `` sewage '' or other sensational titles . 
  more like samsung, 
  maybe permabanned/deleted characters are n't counted . 
  ragnarok was always the biggest , its legacy after all . 
  odin and cerberus are on par . 
  ps : i see new sprouts every day , so i guess server stats shift constantly , depending on open/closed registrations , patches and so on . 
  try to get evo version , it is faster !, 
  much faster !, 
  we can hope , 
  made by mom of boyfriend 's girlfriend . 
  where would you ask about buying levekit ? 
  i have n't seen such ads in shout . 
  and is it approximately 400k for 1 job or for 8 ? 
  do n't grind . 
  do different stuff in between . 
  what some people are doing is frantically grind to max level in shortest time possible to do what ? 
  to grind stuff . 
  afterwards they complain that they are bored and write posts `` oh , look what i discovered - you can do this and that in this game too '' . 
  this ^ . 
  cid is thankfully more mature than alphinaud but sometimes he drops to that level . 
  i wish i could take nero , estinien and go kick some assholes down from very very high bridge . 
  i looked at weekly average values since january and i do n't see significant differences there.it varies of course but not much . 
  try recalibrating altimeter or factory defaults . 
  western country - ukrainian . 
  western city - ukrainian . 
  central country - ukrainian . 
  central city ( including capital ) - russian . 
  eastern country - russian . 
  eastern city - russian . 
  it is not much related to conservative/liberal views or pro-europe/pro-soviet union , especially since russian invasion ( latest tally is 300000 people are now officially war veterans , meaning they actually fought at least for a month ) . 
  region kramatorsk , konstantinovka , bakhmut , and smaller cities around are mostly russian speaking . 
  this i know from recent personal experience . 
  somebody is downvoting this and yet random not very funny fanart next to it is 1000 +, 
  i read somewhere that samsung tracks root in some protected bit in knox . 
  op do n't do the same ? 
  i thought the same until i realized that i re-read about 2-3 printed books over last few years out of a thousand collecting dust in my apartment . 
  of course there are rarities that are cool by themselves and some documentation books that are not read from beginning to end . 
  overall i 'm reading vast majority of digital books now . 
  also amount of books available in digital is way bigger than in paper form in my country . 
  lots of them , it is very popular now . 
  also obolon is basically tap water . 
  ignore such people . 
  it is totally fine in normal level duties and with a few accessories with accuracy it is fine for raids and non-ex , non-savage duties . 
  i had ( and still have ) two iphones and ipad . 
  ipad 2 rapidly degraded in performance after installing ios7 ( around second year of life ) and people installing ios8 and ios9 are reporting even worse performance . 
  iphone 4s i did n't even try to upgrade and it stayed on ios6 untill last summer . 
  staying on older major version laso means zero security updates . 
  or update and suffer visible performance hit . 
  i do not consider it great that i technically can upgrade but will be forced to throw upgraded device in trash bin afterwards . 
  apple with their ultra optimized software on weak hardware suffers heavily from big upgrades of os . 
  same as mine , it is still in active use and works fine , only i stopped on ios7 . 
  it still runs smoothly 99 % of compatible games ( with 512mb ram ) with is rather amazing . 
  only unity games are crashing due to bad memory optimization . 
  not an issue, 
  and there will be queues why ? 
  correct , because of those guys like op . 
  yeah , they had such an urgent task that totally accidentally set up some macro for always run or craft etc. 
  and accidentally forgot to return to game exactly for 20 hours . 
  the fact that they work and sleep for about the same time is pure coincidence . 
  so innocent . 
  such injustice . 
  wow . 
  i waited through 6 to 10 hour queues for aion launch , 2 hours is nothing . 
  you can go to eat , shower etc and it will go through . 
  that could be 0 to 10 mins top if all afkers would be kicked after few hours wait . 
  not everyone are like afkers . 
  aha , totally . 
  5 + page guide with original content - a hundred upvotes , and some people actually downvote them ( no words , i was speechless really ) . 
  not particularly pretty or funny fanart , just an average pic like a millions in the net - several thousands upvotes . 
  this subreddit is populated by kindergarten level people with attention span of a seagull . 
  it was like that since march or more . 
  house is nice , will all the utility packed in there are always some guildmates hanging around , so it does n't feel deserted . 
  also i still use it as a favorite destination to one of the cities , since it is a cheapest teleport from everywhere . 
  aparts on the other hand are hmmm ... not really compelling . 
  i wish that instead of personal housing that is mostly deserted they would give regular fc members more unique stuff to do in fc house . 
  very likely that we will be able to unsync hw content like we can arr now . 
  they also managed to screw store forms and now eu store only shows eu countries ( it had n't few years ago ) . 
  payment went through though , but i hope i wo n't have to explain to them why i have address from different country .
