  i would even ban sprint and mounts from cities altogether , it looks silly . 
  and walking with limited sprint currently does n't bother me at all , it 's not like you are running a marathon in city , i run mostly in some parts of new gridania , where stretches can be up to 15 seconds ( ogm , so far , it takes so long !, 
  but why walk or run at all in the cities ? 
  why not just teleport to a point on map instantly ? 
  and while we are at it - why have cities at all when we can just have a single npc outside with all menu options on him ? 
  imho so far hw has the best story , arr second best and sb is the weakest ( but i did n't finish it yet ) . 
  so you can skip arr ( ask your fc to play arr castrums with cutscenes at some point ) , and level via roulettes / potd to 50 ( it is extremely fast , like a few days top ) . 
  wow , this is not very reassuring . 
  as a new ds3 player , what should i avoid to not get banned this way ? 
  or is it relatively rare thing ? 
  always sprinting looks silly from the immersion point and qol improvement is not that big . 
  if we are trading immersion for qol we might as well trade it for more significant usability change - e.g. 
  teleporting at will . 
  it is not really obligatory you know . 
  children are inherently cruel and vast majority of people overcome this with education and general growth ( brain gets bigger , more complex etc. ) . 
  some people just never grow up psychologically , or due to lack of some part of education . 
  and here they are  . 
  any noctua that you can rationally afford . 
  i use u12s for 8350 but it is a bit overkill . 
  check u9s for example . 
  u series is specifically quiet model , with larger fin spacing that d series . 
  if you are going to buy tower cooler check that it has am3 adapter , otherwise it will be orientated vertically instead of horizontally . 
  not the end of the world but annoying . 
  this is a fanservice expac and fanservice sets you 'll get . 
  healer to 4 , then dd all the way ( or tank ) and leave him on auto . 
  healer 10 is reported a mess and healer 7 is reported to be cast way too often . 
  my main is dd and choco dd with occasional heals complement it nicely , with regen and occasional heal . 
  basically content where you can use chocobo is either a ) very easy , so it makes sense to just kill stuff faster or b ) impossible to solo , like certain boss fates . 
  no level of chocobo can heal you tanking or himself tank tarrasque for example . 
  thanks for the input . 
  as i said i only repeated other people who for their reasons advised against healer 7 and 10 . 
  i was talking about same level content because why would you go to overlevel mobs if you ca n't do quests over your level ? 
  sure , healing helps , e.g. 
  you can stop kiting as ranged , you can be more aggressive in attack etc. 
  but healer 4 is definitely enough for that . 
  i do n't have any problems with my setup , currently 0:5:7 at rank 9 . 
  hint for doing challenge log for chocobo . 
  100 of + -5 level mobs may take a long time if you are n't actually levelling and killing them anyway . 
  you can go to area with many fates around ( e.g. 
  lvl 45-50 areas ) and kill mobs while synced . 
  this way you two-shot any mob and chocobo actually register kills because it is synced to +5 levels . 
  if you can find a boss fate with lot of non-fate mobs inside the circle you can kill 100 in a few minutes or in case of multiple fates in 10 minutes top . 
  i would think about bigger picture - is this guild really that great ? 
  because often this can be a sign of other issues . 
  and i do n't know about wow but eve is very special in that case - yes , you can officially rmt some isk , but whatever you will buy you can completely lose in like 5 seconds , in any location of the game universe . 
  also the game in not locked vertical progression - `` low level '' ships are viable force in any battle . 
  so rmt really is not disrupting economy but instead fueling it and keeping markets going . 
  i read about iron lungs recently . 
  with pictures . 
  now i think antivaxxers should not be immediately shot in the head . 
  we should first make one warning shot in the air and only then shoot the fuckers in the head . 
  berserk is not worth reading really . 
  i read up to 320th chapters and it was a royal mess since anime story end . 
  also unlike anime , manga has major spoiler ( more like major spoiler ) right at the beginning and arbitrary deus ex machina char for no reason at all . 
  ah , so that was what tataru referred as a `` magitek teapot '' . 
  that is pretty ~ ~ glorious ~ ~ fabulous, 
  dear ~ ~ santa ~ ~ nero , for my hydaelinsmas i want a new teapot . 
  sickness must be purged !, 
  is eye for an eye usefull at all ? 
  if boss will hit 4-5 times in 10 seconds , then you multiply 0.2 by 0.1 to get 2 % damage reduction per hit , or none at all . 
  esuna is infinitely more useful and good luck trying to drop protect even in low lvl duty , party will skin you alive . 
  but only 20 % chance to then 10 % reduction . 
  if it is true than i nominate this ability for the most confusing description since barrage . 
  i read it now as `` when a barrier is struck '' meaning that barring is already running ( for 20s in total ) , just doing nothing , then `` 20 % chance '' that `` 10 % reduction will trigger '' . 
  we had a new rather expansive park opened in my town recently and people rent bicycles and stuff at the entrance . 
  some people arrive on their own bicycles . 
  well , you can distinguish them easily - new guys never ever wear a helmet ( rentals force a helmet with each bike ) , like on principle . 
  and old riders all wear them , because they seen some shit already . 
  ah , so if everything procs then 10 % reduction from description is not for a single hit but for a long duration , correct ? 
  because there is nothing about it in description . 
  this is some fucked shit . 
  how could you remember where there is no cleansable debuffs ? 
  for every trash and every boss in every duty ? 
  as for e4e user pdtecrj2 already explained to me that it works differently from description , so try i 'll swapping it with protect and using . 
  there are some macros for easy swap , will check them later . 
  thanks for explanation . 
  so , like that 64 gig blue samsung edge whatever . 
  definitely yes . 
  source am ukrainian ( formerly third largest nuke arsenal , disposed after usa , gb and russia promised to keep us safe ) . 
  it is stupid reddit way to say `` best '' . 
  sure , but only / r/ffxiv users use it incorrectly . 
  no , sb first half is so far the worst mainstory . 
  2.4-hw-3 .4 was the best continuous story , and original arr while a bit long was also nice . 
  first half of sb is like a constant facepalm or cringe . 
  fifty times in a row . 
  also `` i 'll go being captured for no reason at all '' and etc. 
  major stupidity . 
  leveling r ( most exp ) , trial and guildhest r ( very fast ) , pvp r ( second most exp ) . 
  fate+d uty challenge log . 
  my personal opinion :, 
  * normal and hard 4-man - no guides, 
  * normal trials - no guides, 
  * normal raids - no guides, 
  * extreme trials and savage 8-man - check the guide , at least you wo n't spend half of the time dead, 
  also as a mmo player for decades , since muds and uo - no , i do n't go looking for guides even before seeing a dungeon , it is not my second nature at all . 
  in `` the good old times '' before reddit min/maxers ( or wow min/maxers , i do n't care really ) we just went and played the fucking game . 
  for fun , you know . 
  the bestest, 
  also , what is the point in ast gauge if you still have to look at cards skills for cooldowns ? 
  i just put it right near hotbar , so it is like an oversized hotbar .
