  ps : using for 8 months now, 
  better watch anime first . 
  it is better than manga and does n't contain gigantic spoiler right in the first few chapters . 
  anime is better . 
  no spoilers , no knight , no shounen later arcs . 
  she was dead . 
  she opened oxygen valves and died , the rest of the movie is her dream . 
  ( this is one of the possible interpretations ), 
  qam - quadrature-amplitude modulation . 
  cable standards define blocks of spectrum for transmission that are commonly known as qams ( 6 mhz wide in us , 8 mhz wide in eu ) and cable related stuff is regularly measured in qams in terms of bandwidth . 
  why would you compare calibri and tnr ? 
  the serif font in that family is i think candara . 
  personally i like calibri way more than arial . 
  so , sagittarius ? 
  do you have a plan ? 
  nah , they 'll adjust putain gradually to look and function just like a real stalin . 
  none . 
  zero . 
  at all . 
  for real people , are n't there enough sequels , quadricuels , remasters and rehashes of old stuff ? 
  e3 every year is like 90 % of `` numbered '' stuff . 
  this is getting really silly . 
  i used to like all the revived series and will continue playing them but i do realize that it would be much better to see more original content . 
  and as usual , big post with original content gets around 1/6 upvotes compared to the shitposts , fanart and lulz on the same page . 
  i just realized that after playing ast since 4.0 i still do n't know the icons in the gauge . 
  and do n't even feel the need for it . 
  also this one - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/halifax_explosion, 
  in the gauge . 
  because i still have to stare permanently at the icons on the hotbar with different graphics . 
  i did 7x something fates for all minions ( and 2 weapons ) and i 'm done with grinding . 
  600-700 more fates ? 
  nope . 
  and the reward is not even attractive , unlike tank mounts for example , just the same whisper with some stuff . 
  we made a script for our media production device to turn all leds green and hide many possible alarms and warnings in gui for some show . 
  and it was a mature device with years in production . 
  or the same small inventory and items take several slots a-la diablo , 
  on this page sections 1 and 2 - https://ffxiv.consolegameswiki.com/wiki/side_quests, 
  no need to rush them and they are entirely optional but have good stories . 
  also do vath beast tribe quests when you get to heavensward . 
  hw is more like 2.4-3 .4, 
  sb feels rushed and weak honestly . 
  arr and hw were better . 
  come to europe to buy it , it is cheaper - only ones , fives and zeroes in the price here , 
  1150 euro is even more - 1375 $ . 
  oneplus is ~ 500 $ and works just as fine on flagship level . 
  1/3 the price in europe . 
  not exactly a loophole , but some things they do :, 
  - fix numbers so you will seem unprofitable , achieved by wrong prices with other companies ( who also do tax evading ) . 
  - buy nonexistent infrastructure ( while actually spending zero ) and receive a tax refund with real money . 
  - have a personal bank and a personal supplier company , so you would do business by buying from yourself , then selling to yourself all through your own bank . 
  profit from tax returns and using law inefficiency . 
  - register a dump company on random student or dead guy with smallest possible capital funds , then do all kinds of shady or illegal transactions through it , then bankrupt it . 
  - nest and branch shell companies from previous point to infinity in multiple offshore countries . 
  - lobby for law exceptions for your business ( e.g. 
  solar incentives and tax returns ( legal ) for all solar companies in the country ( fair ) , but for some `` lucky accident '' you are actually a monopolist in solar ( achieved shadily or illegally previously ) ) . 
  - just plain and simple pay in unmarked cash for unfair laws . 
  yes , it still happens everywhere . 
  - fair play in your industry , production of whatever , but block opponents in related industry ( using different owners and shell companies ) , e.g. 
  transportation , power supply , storage etc. 
  - by having `` close relationship '' with government structures unleash tax auditors , fire department auditors , sanitary auditors on your competitors ( seemingly legal ) which will cripple their operations . 
  and so on . 
  specific tax loopholes vary wildly from country to country and from year to year . 
  in my country accountants that know how to use existing loopholes and stay up to date are in very high demand and rewarded accordingly but they are effectively incompetent in any other country , that 's how ultra specialized it is . 
  no , it is 2-512 people simultaneous choice . 
  there are no cross server fcs yet as far as i know . 
  this is the answer to the usual `` why did n't you transfer ? '' . 
  because fc obviously . 
  battery life though ... 
  this is my permanent phone wallpaper since you had posted it here first time . 
  truly great photo . 
  arstechnica once ran a story about american judges . 
  apparently the number of guilty verdicts is higher before the lunch break than after . 
  if i remember correctly it was related to the mental effort difference between guilty and not guilty verdicts . 
  - game animations are ugly seizure inducing asian crap . 
  - game story in stormblood is very weak and cringy . 
  - the best and most praised parts of main story ( e.g. 
  2.4-3 .4 , arr ending ) are not really outstanding , they are merely good or average if compared to some other rpg games . 
  - game deprecates content way too fast , some after-patch difficulty and rewards scaling would be nice . 
  - pvp is still a mess . 
  - alphinaud is a worst character in the game and is progressively worse with every expansion . 
  lyse is now on alphy and alisaie level , that is beginner school level . 
  when i ended with all 3 of them and none other better characters it was the worst . 
  like every single dialog line made me cringe and i wanted to just close the game . 
  a full scale military training for breaking through heavily fortified defensive lines of a military opponent using nuclear weapons . 
  46000 people participated , some of them were lied about the nature of the experiment . 
  operation was classified and victims were never acknowledged . 
  also , while this was a unique nazi-style opportunity to study multiple people exposed to radiation and progress medical research it was completely wasted by the soviets and soldiers involved were n't treated and were n't studied at all . 
  minfilia , alphi and lyse are secretly relatives . 
  no other explanation . 
  * alphi grovels for several minutes before some random new guy he seen like 5 seconds ago and promises to to solve his problems by storming a fortified camp by himself *, 
  '' ... and the who will do it will be you * turns to me * . 
  now go , do n't interfere with my important duties . '', 
  ^ repeat 50 times, 
  we should definitely sort them by gross - from the least gross to the most gross movie , 
  oh gods , please no . 
  no way . 
  i 'm still having ptsd after lineage enchanting . 
  i thought the same too . 
  but you can look at it this way - in both cases you do quests/raids for some points/items and after some effort you get new armor with better game stats . 
  only in case of enchantment it is the same looking armor ( maybe with ugly glow or new wings etc. ),
