  same , restart wo n't help . 
  so if othard is east asia and thavanir almost likely transformed from travancore i.e. 
  india that makes aldenard america or africa ? 
  could moderators move all art from here to / r/ffxivart which is linked on the right side of this sub ? 
  and glamour to / r/ffxivglamours . 
  there are no `` extra good '' or `` extra urgent '' recruitment topics in this sub or housing topics precisely because there are separate subreddits for this . 
  why do art and glamours get preferential treatment ? 
  are n't garlemald russia ? 
  i do n't say that they are breaking any rules now . 
  but maybe we should think about moving such topics in future ? 
  this is just a suggestion . 
  calling any suggestion you disagree with `` whining '' is definitely a `` winning '' strategy . 
  please keep doing this . 
  my reasoning for this suggestion is :, 
  a ) there are days when from page is overflowing with such topics , like over 50 % of them or more . 
  b ) all them are randomly marked as `` fanart '' , `` fluff '' , `` screenshot '' ( while not being a screenshot ) and so on , so no sane way to filter them out if anyone want to do this . 
  personal opinion incoming , cover in the nearest bomb shelter ! ), 
  quality of about half of those pictures is mediocre at best and they are still mass-upvoted . 
  i do like nice fanart and first few months i looked through all new posts . 
  now i do n't even bother , way too much mediocre art there to sift through in search of good ones . 
  i have seen enough of the internet to observe a basic pattern - the place and its rules train the people , not the other way around . 
  so basically there some places with very strict rules about something and they are totally sane and people feel nice there . 
  and there are places that are lax in rules and they are also nice , in some other way . 
  almost everywhere people adapt and start to feel good in the current state of the place . 
  they also dislike changes because anything new is inherently unknown and so not desirable . 
  if / r/ffxiv started split strictly in art and non-art subreddits then people would be fine with it and oppose suggestinons to combine them . 
  oppose just because change is not desirable . 
  in my country we have special tax conditions for small business with income smaller smaller than certain threshold . 
  so if one day they have working bank card terminal and next day it `` breaks '' then you can bet they hit the number and now going cash only until next month , then terminal will start working magically . 
  same may be in other countries specifically with certain electronic payments . 
  never happened yet . 
  check if you have wi-fi enabled - maybe the watch was losing bt connection and dropping to wifi and back all night ? 
  if it was just on edge of signal range . 
  in my apartment it happens right in the kitchen , it constantly pings me about connection lost/found . 
  though i do n't remember wifi to drain s3 battery much . 
  also try disabling autosync with s-health on the phone . 
  it is useless because it will sync when you open app anyway . 
  background autosync is just a battery drain for no reason . 
  now i ca n't find it too  . 
  sorry , i was probably thinking about something else . 
  just as another suggestion - try to reset gear to factory defaults and reconnect to phone . 
  maybe it 's some stray process that did n't end correctly . 
  1 month for arr , original 2.0 story . 
  1 month for mid expansion content 2.1-2 .5 . 
  1 month for heavensward . 
  til the sound played in clubs is claimed to be called music and not sine wave at 60hz . 
  you ca n't choose to watch cutscenes in duty because that is literally impossible . 
  some fights go down so fast that the game will skip several cutscenes in row , you would n't even know they were there . 
  also , if you are actually doing `` skip scene -  yes '' in the duty then some of them wo n't be available in the inn . 
  this was checked by the people from this sub . 
  it is very easy to fix though :, 
  triple the reward for the dungeon . 
  lock all cutscenes with the blue barrier , same as the duty start barrier . 
  force sync ilvl to 42-55 approximately if going with matched party . 
  this is it - one run will last about as long as 3 runs now an reward 3 times more than now . 
  newbies get to see it as intended . 
  same should be done to other dungeons . 
  and you can go unsynced with smaller reward if you want . 
  time to implement - 1 week for one guy , between meetings and coffee breaks . 
  after having my handwriting thoroughly damaged in university and high school i resorted to writing using separate letters , only instead of writing in capitals i write in separate lowercase letters but i mix them with capital letters often . 
  i do this for more legibility and faster writing . 
  i write capital letters a , r , x , just in small size in the middle of words . 
  ps : my handwriting still looks horrible , kinda like by a guy having a stroke and epilepsy seizure at the same time , but it is at least readable if required . 
  of course there are few people there . 
  why would i go there to help newbies if 6 other guys would be arrogant speedrunners not caring about a sprouts a single bit ? 
  and even if both i and sprout would both be tanks or both healers they would still rush it . 
  i will run it though if someone shouts to help or creates party in pf . 
  main scenario roulette as it is now is 100 % broken and useless for me . 
  also i do n't buy that `` nobody would run it in the scenario above '' . 
  i disagree completely . 
  someone will run it and i wager there would be maybe more people in my scenario than now . 
  people run a1s a hundred times !, 
  for a single step in relic . 
  people run arf and whatever else dozens or hundreds of times for lore . 
  they will run anything if it is properly rewarded ( and do n't forget that nobody will force people in that particular roulette ) . 
  maybe not 3x reward but 5x or so . 
  it would work if se even remotely wanted to fix their mess . 
  only this - https://www.reddit.com/r/ffxiv/comments/1zyy69/since_the_first_time_this_was_submitted_all_i_got/, 
  there is only one way to confirm it 100 % myself and i 'm definitely not wasting 1 month for that . 
  seeing the mess that se made out of both castrums and never fixed it , the doubt is on their side if they ever wish to prove that there is no such bug . 
  preferably without compromising speaker and mic quality . 
  oh yes !, 
  i 'll even emigrate to where it would be organized just to join , 
  ps : if i understand correctly this is a google decision and guideline and since they do n't have such sliders on their phones they also do n't care about us . 
  1,2 and 3 - answer : same code and same checks as duty start barrier . 
  qa time for regression testing this barrier in other locations would be 1-2 weeks for 1 qa . 
  such things reusing old code are indeed often a cause of bugs but even more often , when not rushed and done properly they are a fast and bug free way to implement stuff . 
  source : am qa , just not a game software one . 
  our devs often reuse our code ( e.g. 
  create some entries in one gui window , then reimplement this in another place with slightly different options ) and the result is often fast and working . 
  but the far side of the moon is claimed already . 
  and i would n't want paying nazi rent just to see some planets . 
  yes . 
  definitely . 
  so stronk . 
  so high . 
  why nazy though ? 
  mexicans should have something left to pay for the second wall . 
  just do main story . 
  do ( + ) quests that unlock stuff .
