  another bad sign is internal conflict at any level , even newcomers . 
  healthy longterm leadership is a n1 priority . 
  mimicepticon, 
  cs was good before version 1 . 
  on the related note - maybe you can also banish fanart to the subreddit helpfully linked in the sidebar ? 
  you can try it . 
  fanart guys do n't bother with correct tags , so it ends up as screenshots , discussions , fluff , or anything else . 
  seeing as fanart gets tagged as anything except `` fanart '' mods are not doing it . 
  i only heard about this show on the flat earth subreddit here , so i can only assume it is a show for educating crazies and freaks . 
  in ukraine ( 45 mil population ) every single ticket for every single movie in all cinemas , from rural ex-ussr decrepit cinemas to every single cinema in the capital , including imax are place reserved . 
  ticket prices are affordable even for low income people , imax on sunday is about 10 bottles of cheap beer and normal cinema tickets can vary around 2 to 5 bottles of cheap beer . 
  i learned that non-place-reserved tickets exist just now , like this moment . 
  til for real ... 
  i put a case on my new 5.5 '' phone to make it thicker and have borders around the screen . 
  otherwise it was a pain to use it onehanded , avoid accidental touches and not drop it . 
  in ukraine literally 100 % of tickets in all cities are with reserved seating . 
  prices vary from 50c to 5 $ . 
  i guess it is a historical thing - how first showings were organizes and then stayed that way . 
  terrorism comment is rather clever actually . 
  those crazy bastards go all out on us in the name of `` terrorist threat '' and we can and should play the same card against them . 
  airline and tsa want us to be scanned naked , strip almost everything during check in some dirty room , confiscate water , knives , batteries and other small stuff , now how about they pay some damages in the name of terrorism . 
  drivers who drive to pedestrian crossing at full speed with intention to brake at last second if needed . 
  yes , i know that they can brake in that space but i never know if they will brake or not . 
  so then i will stand in nearest lane on the crossing and wait untill they do break ( and doing that at last second they have to stop instead of slowing ) and only after that i 'll cross . 
  it is weird that people make inconvenience by themselves . 
  it does , read the fucking tests . 
  why saturday ? 
  5th of june in 2017 is monday . 
  me recently with non-american cable provider - `` i want to remove one of the tuner rent payments from my plan . 
  '' , support guy - `` oh please do n't do that , please , please , i 'll throw in that premium channels for free for 6 months , just do n't have us cancelling anything . '' . 
  i guess they are suffering greatly already with all the streaming services ( and they are not even that popular yet in my country ) . 
  build quality great , camera glass is in place properly . 
  sound average , call quality good , mic good . 
  camera ok-ish . 
  often misses autofocus . 
  automode ( both ) in dark or cloudy conditions is not very smart , manual can produce better pics but is annoying to control ( and settings are reset on camera close ) . 
  personally i 'm fine with this cam . 
  usb port is sloooooooooow . 
  never software crashed . 
  over 4.5 months i 've observed 4 times silent cellular connection loss , fixes with phone reboot . 
  possible suspect is subway env with spotty gsm coverage but i use subway every workday and again it happened only 4 times . 
  not game breaking for now . 
  overall this is the best phone i 've ever seen , including competitors iphone and sammy ( who all had way worse issues ) . 
  how about 25 schmeckles ? 
  now finally a good one , 
  wow , artists are on the roll today . 
  keep it up , good sir !, 
  see , he was making an effort . 
  we just do n't want to appreciate it . 
  some fates in ffxiv are on fixed timer and you ca n't trigger them faster no matter what you do . 
  timer can be arbitrary long , 30 min , 60 min , maybe even longer . 
  my suggestion is to get some food , tea and camp the spawn place until damned thing pops . 
  people tend to complete fates faster that it takes to run to it so it is better to be on site . 
  in houses people can put big items in doorways to block them . 
  if you will run forward facing any item in the house after several seconds its collision model will be disabled and you can run through the item . 
  kinda secret . 
  probably also hide small stuff inside big objects , but i 'm not sure if the game will allow stacking . 
  r/ffxivart / please use the appropriate subreddit . 
  r/ffxivart / please use the appropriate subreddit . 
  at least this game do n't have any timed events . 
  when i was still doing main story and had to go afk suddenly for long period i wrote `` kick me '' , not to cheat out of penalty but simply because i honestly forgot that you can `` leave '' duty ( it is not very obvious that such button exist ) so as not be viewed as a freeloader . 
  so not everyone who writes `` kick me '' has malicious intent or is an asshole . 
  evict fucking fan-so-called-art to the proper fucking subreddit / r/ffxivart , except maybe good art if everyone insists . 
  please / u/reseph , i 'm even using a fucking magic word here . 
  i agree . 
  used s7 edge of a friend for while , so many accidental touches . 
  phone owner resorted to using a bumper case to mitigate this , making curved edges essentially useless . 
  personally i like where huawei is going now . 
  software is still not good but hardware is nice and they still keep smaller flagship model . 
  intelligence as a dump stat, 
  it is like giving people shares that maybe cost 100k $ and can be sold at some later time only , but give them on the condition that they pay taxes now from the projected value , not real value . 
  babylon 5 after religious episode in season 1 . 
  also because of general stupidity of all characters . 
  bsg ( new ) at mid season 3 , still want to maybe finish it someday . 
  or maybe not . 
  house of cards at the season 1 end , it became way too forced and stupid . 
  the big band theory after season 6 or 7 . 
  continuum after beginning of season 4 , seasons 1-3 are mostly good though . 
  other series i either drop after 1 episode or try to watch to the end . 
  spoiler, 
  better than terrible puns . 
  wait for s4 , then when it inevitably wo n't live up to the hype , start waiting for the s5 . 
  patience is a key . 
  this subreddit is 99 % about bad fanart and discussions how that one guy in duty was slacking ( degree of slacking varying ) . 
  i tried to talk to reseph here and searched for his other answers and what i think is his position is they are afraid that if this subreddit will have stricter policies and rules then too many people will leave/fragment community and it is not desirable . 
  something like that . 
  i may be wrong of course . 
  there are no rules at all that say that fanart should be on / r/ffxivart . 
  this is current official policy . 
  buy 1 or 2 left side i230 items with accuracy and start buying i260 right side items starting with the ones with accuracy ( iirc necklace and bracers ) . 
  you only need just a little accuracy boost from the base level to never miss in alex normal and older raids . 
  padjali weapon is exactly the same as pvp i235 weapon , both of them do n't have accuracy stats . 
  market is already kinda useless now for regular characters . 
  prices are sky high and for what - glamour and fast deprecating gear . 
  unless you are a successful trader or gil buyer they you probably wo n't be able to afford stuff from mb . 
  some grey ( ! ), 
  4x weapons for 100k , i250 armor for millions etc. 
  everything is more efficient to get by yourself . 
  so two guys are discussing graphics using harsh language , but not using obscenities and are downvoted to oblivion . 
  now two other guys are just plain name calling and do use obscenities and are massively upvoted .
