well , you 're allowed to smile as long as you do n't show your teeth . 
  well , i did n't see any video coverage yet , but in this picture he 's about a meter away from them . 
  that 's really not that extreme , and considering this is just a picture , he might have been at even that distance for just a moment . 
  still a pretty good metaphor , but probably just that . 
  they 're stating they want to drop the euro . 
  that 's a bunch of ways of putting `` we want to slowly get rid of the eu '' - which is n't even what i meant by anti-eu ( i was simply talking about them wanting to weaken the power of the eu ) . 
  and i did n't even mention populism . 
  the question 's which one 's the lesser evil - the cdu getting a majority or the afd getting into the bundestag . 
  anti-eu , not giving money to other countries , dropping the euro and having an own currency again . 
  there is n't much on other issues . 
  yes , the cdu 's always scored pretty highly , but this is going to be their best result since about twenty years ago . 
  and a majority for a single party ( which seems possible for them right now ) is something we have n't had in quite a while . 
  i personally think afd 's popularity is because of protest voters trying to voice their anti-eu opinions - it 's going to be weird if they do get more than 5 % though , since they 're still lacking a real program . 
  because germany was one of the countries denying any knowledge about this affair , and merkel reacted indignantly to the revelations about the nsa . 
  it 's simply hypocrisy at its finest . 
  at least i am definitely enraged at my government for these reasons . 
  forgetting about what the us did now would be completely wrong as well though . 
  just because they are n't the only ones doing it their actions are n't any less disgusting - and i 'm saying this in regard to both countries . 
  huh . 
  i 'll take that back then , seems i was n't as informed as i thought . 
  good thing though . 
  nope , age of consent here is really just straight up 14 `` as long as a person over the age of 21 does not exploit a 14 - to 15-year-old person 's lack of capacity for sexual self-determination '' . 
  ~ ~ but even in that case , the 14-year old has to be the one accusing the older person ( so nope , no parents can claim this ) ~ ~ it 's really kinda fucked up . 
  from age 14-16 the parent or caretaker can accuse the older person of this as well . 
  but for whatever reason , every german i 've ever talked to about this was convinced you had to be either under 18 or 21 for the age of consent of your partner to be 14 . 
  probably for the better . 
   i 'm not equating anything with anything but saying having some grounds or reasons is not a thing that makes them normal or reasonable . 
  banning women from abortion is oppression though , but it 's another issue . 
  they have a valid opinion , is all i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying they 're right , i 'm not saying abortion should be banned , literally all i 'm trying to avoid is the most annoying thing i see other pro-choicers do all the time , which is * acting like the other side has no valid opinion at all * . 
  i 'm not trying to make you agree with pro-livers , i just hate people dismissing their arguments simply because they do n't agree ( which is , sadly , exactly what you 're doing ) . 
  pro-choice and pro-life both have valid arguments , and are reasonable answers to the abortion issue . 
  they have a point . 
  in my opinion , they 're wrong , but do n't act like they 're nutjobs for reaching a different conclussion than you . 
   anyone who supports oppressions or social and political issues including the crimes usually go with some justifications and mostly with some high purposes . 
  it does n't change much though , like it does n't change much for the abortion . 
  you do n't get to claim that opposing abortion is the same as oppression just because you disagree . 
   pro-lifers are for banning people and forcing them which will cause physical and mental health issues and social problems . 
  it 's more than some protests for sure . 
  and from their point of view , pro-choicers are for killing babies . 
  it 's more than some protests for sure . 
   i 'm not saying anti-abortion folks are criminals by the way , but saying that having a reasoning and some moral views does n't make any change since nearly everyone including ones supporting huge crimes do have them . 
  but your are supporting a moral view regarding abortion as well . 
  from your point of view , abortion should be legal to avoid physical and mental health issues . 
  from their point of view , abortion should be illegal to avoid babies dying . 
  * both of these * are moral opinions and arguments , and since this entire debate is based around morals you ca n't dismiss people 's moral views since * those are the entire point * . 
   but one side thinks it has god on its side , therefore no conversation is possible . 
  i was talking in general , i do realize the situation in poland involves lots of people trying to force their religion onto others , which is bad and should n't happen , especially not when the law is involved . 
  that being said , there are non-religious pro-lifers and  anti-abortionists want to enforce their conservative morality on everyone else . 
  it does n't really matter what their intentions or their delicate feelings are , all that matters is that it leads to raped women being forced to carry the children of their rapists . 
  is n't really true either . 
  if you really do believe abortion is killing a child , which is a valid enough conclusion to a morally complex question , wanting the law to stop these kids from being killed is * also an entirely valid goal * . 
  i 'm sure they 'd counter your point with `` it does n't really matter what their intentions or their delicate feelings are , all that matters is that it leads to a child being killed for its father 's actions . '', 
  ( an argument , i * do n't * support , but which is morally speaking * just as valid as yours * ) . 
  i 'm not trying to argue against abortion here , all i 'm trying to say is there * are * legitimate reasons to oppose abortions and dismissing every pro-lifer as a religious nutjob is simply disrespectful to both them and the issue at hand . 
   going to an abortion clinic and killing every doctor there with defense of unborn children as justification would not only be morally wrong of course , but also batshit crazy . 
  however , not doing so stands in contradiction with the very serious accusation that it 's basically industrialized murder . 
  you just contradicted yourself so hard . 
  understanding something is a complex situation and not as simple as straight , outright crime , does n't stop you from reaching both the conclusion `` abortion = murder = bad '' and `` vigilantism/murdering to stop abortion = also bad '' . 
   you say abortion is a complex topic . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  of course it is . 
  that 's why i 'm saying simplifying it to `` abortion = murder '' and `` fetus = person '' does n't make sense . 
  because even people who say that are n't fully convinced of this . 
  just because pro-lifers think abortion boils down to the same thing as murder , does n't mean they do n't understand the complexity of the current legal situation and societal view of abortion , which is why they 're trying to change that in a non-violent and legal way . 
  i mean , following your logic , there are only dishonest activist , since every single one of them should physically step up and stop the things they condemn or keep their mouth shut , since otherwise they 'd be hypocrites ? 
  i just do n't see where you get off judging people for trying to make what they consider the morally right thing happen * without * violence . 
  first of all , wat . 
   most of them are some extremist crime supporters . 
  i * highly * doubt that * most * pro-lifers do anything but protest for their believes . 
   it does n't make them better than some nutjobs yes , it does . 
  they have a valid , albeit different opinion , you do n't get to equate that to being a nutjob . 
   most of the criminals have their justifications , and when jt cones to the social issues , many have even some high purposes . 
  they 're not criminals though , which renders this point moot . 
  abortion is a morally complex issue , and not supporting your point of view * does n't equate somebody to being a criminal * . 
  you ca n't go around claiming other people 's opinions do n't matter because criminals have opinions too , it makes literally no sense . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  you assume none of the pro-lifers understand the complexity of this morally ambiguous question to begin with , and what 's even worse , you portray vigilantism as the obviously morally right answer ? 
  if i knew there was a murderer living on my street , * i 'd call the police , not lynch them * . 
  and if the police told me this guy had a special permit to murder * i 'd do the exact thing pro-lifers do , i 'd protest , not lynch them * . 
  i think the death penalty is horrid and think of it as murder comitted by a nation . 
  you wo n't see me nuking the us anytime soon though . 
  come on dude , that 's just not fair . 
  i 'm vehemently pro-choice , but you 've got to be blind not to understand that if you * do * consider an embryo a child * and * think this child 's right to live is greater than the mother 's right to self-determine what happens to her body , abortion is morally wrong . 
  not every pro-life person is a religious nutjob , some just came to a different answer to a morally complex question and demonizing them for this entirely understable conclusion is n't fair to anybody . 
  i was taught the same thing , but sorry , you can look it up in the duden , alptraum 's a valid way of spelling it too . 
  and it 's a very shitty one . 
  as a woman who never has and never will wear a burqa : i do n't feel empowered by people telling me what i ca n't wear . 
  and i do n't feel insulted by women choosing to wear one either . 
  like , at all . 
  is there really no working welfare system in place in the netherlands ? 
  could you really lose your job and land on the streets if you could n't find another one in time ? 
  i 'm honestly asking , your description does n't sound at all like what i thought welfare systems in other eu countries would be like . 
  it 's fridolin * fart * face , please . 
  why do n't they ever come when i 'm sober enough to understand them ? 
  that 's just not going to happen . 
  the eu will not give the uk any such agreement without the freedom of movement and would be idiotic to do so . 
  this would lead to other nations leaving the eu to get this magical uk deal that does n't include immigration but every other advantage of the single market . 
  it 's simply never happening . 
  have you even * heard * of hofer ?
