  peripheral deflation . 
  artificially cheap euro for germans , expensive for other economies . 
  hits the hardest the more in debt you are . 
  i would just read the whole thing , it 's short and it explains it very well even for a layman . 
  not really , in most cases it 's left up you . 
  i 'm not criticizing what you said , the e.u. 
  or the eurozone , it 's just the way things are . 
  things wo n't change any time soon . 
  the eu is just a rough deal for smaller , peripheral economies and bigger unstable ones . 
  germany wo n't change it 's over-saving mentality . 
  sure , public spending is up but they are still set to break the 6 % rule by record levels this year . 
  for example in the case of apple or mcdonalds europe is just asking them to pay the same as other companies in those countries , which is a very low rate . 
  eu ca n't interfere in their tax code , or their national laws , it would be the death of louxembourg , and terrible for a lot of countries . 
  but as it is it 's the death of others . 
  portugal and greece have shown what happens to these economies when they join : 1 ) early phase of huge economic and social growth . 
  bigger public sector ( hospitals , schools , universities ) . 
  access to big economies leads to an increase in emmigration , that is more than compensated for current growth . 
  gdp keeps growing , balance is healthy . 
  think romania right now . 
  2 ) slowing/steadying of the growth , beginnings of the deficit . 
  now the population is more demanding , and the budget is bigger . 
  hard to get new income/tax sources , aging population . 
  the euro is a curse , since you ca n't directly adjust exports/imports or devalue the currency . 
  higher unemployment , overall the country is poorer . 
  emmigration starts growing , specially for all those new expensive uni graduates that ca n't find a job in their country . 
  think croatia . 
  3 ) unsustainable economic situation , no growth potential , and you still have all those schools , roads and hospitals that you built to mantain . 
  every young worker and company is gone but retired people still need their pensions . 
  think portugal , or greece . 
  no one is talking about bailouts . 
  the current eu economic and fiscal framework is hurtful to southern europe and in the long run to the new smaller members for other reasons : 1 ) the euro allows germany to keep its currency artificially low bolstering it 's exports , while to smaller economies it 's artificially inflated ( as much as 20 % ) , making it hard to be competitive . 
  2 ) germany surplus with the rest of the world also hinders our potential exports . 
  it 's also never addressed even though it 's a clear rule violation , just as much as an excessive deficit would . 
  3 ) fiscal havens in europe hurt smaller economies that see their biggest companies just get a p.o. 
  box in the netherlands or ireland and dodge taxes back home . 
  economic union without fiscal union is folly . 
  4 ) easy access to bigger economies and high paying jobs to the youth and working age adults in southern europe countries deprives us of our working age population , leaving only old people . 
  it 's hard to grow when there are more people receiving pensions than salaries ( it finally happened in portugal in 2015 ) overall u/thorbee 's analysis is spot on . 
  why the fuck are you so adamant about kternic ' age ? 
  focus on what he said , not on who he is . 
  oh and before you ask , i 'm in my mid-late 20s , even though you are not entitled to anyone 's personal information . 
  two guys break the law in front of the police , one is taken to court and is found not guilty after a lot of uncertainty and an admission of guilt , the other walks scot free and the cops laugh at the possibility of even taking him to trial . 
  the law was selectively enforced , the sentence was just commuted . 
  do you really do not see a problem with that ? 
  i am not going to convince you . 
  you say something , i disprove it you change the goalposts . 
  i am not offended , i just do not find this is right and neither should any european . 
  i 'm out . 
  superavit is different from deficit . 
  the comission never , ever discussed sanctions on germany 's superavit , just like i said and you quoted . 
  you 're talking about a ruling on a deficit 13 years ago in which both offending parties were treated the same , and with leniency . 
  a worrisome , but completely different situation from what we have now - 4 offending countries and only 2 see the possibility of sanctions being raised and formally discussed by the european comission . 
  a complete disregard for the rules is bad , selective enforcement is much , much worse . 
  i am very calm and accepting of the whole thing . 
  a bit sad perhaps . 
  but that is just plainly not true . 
  the comission never , ever discussed sanctions on germany 's superavit , and only ever said that it would consider the situation in france later , with no formal discussion ever planned or had on the floor . 
  no , but possible sanctions on portugal and spain were formaly discussed by the comission , and we had to send `` motivated requests '' , basically beg not to be sanctioned . 
  when questioned about sanctions on france who was also over the deficit limit , the european comission president mr juncker said , and i 'm not even kidding here , `` c'est la france ... '' and no sanctions were ever formally or informally discussed . 
  do you know how insulting this is ? 
  in the end there was a big discussion about leniency from the comission part in this case . 
  there should be no exceptions , portugal , spain , france and germany should be sanctioned for breaking the rules . 
  the rules are only the rules if everyone has to follow them . 
  and do you want to know the kicker ? 
  if there was an exception to be made it would probably be for portugal . 
  the only reason portugal went over the limit was due to a ecb directive ( signed by dani\u00e8le nouy ) to bailout a failling private bank , and sell the accounts on a loss to santander to help prevent a much more expensive banking crisis in spain . 
  we would be 0.2 % under the limit otherwise . 
  i 'm not blaming the eu , i 'm just saying it happened because we joined the eu . 
  we pulled the trigger but the eu was the gun . 
  in my opinion we should not be in the eu or at the very least not in the eurozone , but no one ever forced us to join . 
  the only actual criticisms i have against the eu / eurozone are : 1 ) an economic open space without united fiscal policy does not work . 
  tax havens like ireland and the netherlands are killing smaller countries that see their biggest companies going there 2 ) rules and sanctions should be followed by the book . 
  if the rules predict sanctions for an excessive deficit , sure we should be fined but so should france . 
  and the surplus rules should be followed as well . 
  its bullshit that are talks of sanctions for portugal and spain but france is immune , and the german surplus is a non-issue . 
  it gives the feeling of 1st and 2nd class membership . 
  the eu is financially a bad deal for a lot of countries that join , specially poorer ones . 
  it prometes quick economic and social growth at the expense of long term financial stability . 
  countries need their work force . 
  the european union as a whole is a wonderful idea . 
  i loved backpacking from bulgaria ( wonderful country , second favorite after croatia/hrvatska ) to france without needing a passport , erasmus is a fantastic project and our continente is blessed with a multitude of great cultures and some of the nicest people on earth . 
  this side of the european union is absolutely great . 
  then we have the ugly side . 
  the financial , political side . 
  the side that your country ( greece ) and mine has seen , and that many germans/central europe/northern europeans will deny . 
  we know that there is no solidarity between governments , only between people , and that in the end national interest speaks higher . 
  our people are the fuel that keeps the economic motor of europe running . 
  our currencies devalued , our growth stifled by quotas and an relative overvalued currency , so that german exports keep going strong with an artificially undervalued currency . 
  our people forced to leave our countrye to rejuvenate their work force , and miss our parents and grandparents final years , we know what it 's like when more than half of our youngsters and working age people abandon our homeland , stifling even more any hope of economic recovery . 
  and then comes the insult . 
  we are derided for our deficits ( how can we avoid a deficit with the astronomical cost of our debt and no growth potential ? 
  ) , even as our wages are less than half of what they used to be and germany keeps breaking the global surplus rule of 6 % with the rest of the world . 
  we are threatened with sanctions while there is praise on the other side . 
  your people derided as lazy even though you work the longest hours in europe , and are among the hardest working people in the world . 
  the few lucky ones that find jobs that is . 
  sure , we received a lot of subsidies . 
  there was a lot of social development thanks to german/european funds , but our governments were corrupt and populist ( we too in portugal had a very similar submarine scandal also with the germans ) and the people ended up seeing very little of that money , not that it mattered all that much . 
  our structure was weak , we were n't ready for a single market . 
  for germany it worked out as the cost of access to a share of production , to a new market and to a new source of qualified labour . 
  to us it cost us our countries .
