  i , like you do n't hate the german people . 
  they are a hardworking people , and i have great german friends . 
  but do n't be fooled , every government looks out for itself , and the germans are blessed with very competent politicians . 
  they are sharks and we are small indebted fish . 
  i end this with a warning to the new booming economies that just joined the eu . 
  we ( greece , portugal ) were you once , just remember that the e.u. 
  is more than the promise of subsidies and the freedom to work in high-paying countries . 
  there is a cost when your young leave your country , and to easy access to cheap funds . 
  the e.u. 
  is one of the greatest ideas i 've ever heard of , but it was n't worth my country . 
  [ edit ] : answered to a desillusioned greek elsewhere on the thread , accidentally didnt hit reply , but i 'll leave this one here too, 
  you said a lot of very important things my friend . 
  the european union as a whole is a wonderful idea . 
  i loved backpacking from bulgaria ( wonderful country , second favorite after croatia/hrvatska ) to france without needing a passport , erasmus is a fantastic project and our continente is blessed with a multitude of great cultures and some of the nicest people on earth . 
  this side of the european union is absolutely great . 
  then we have the ugly side . 
  the financial , political side . 
  the side that your country and mine has seen , and that many germans/central europe/northern europeans will deny . 
  we know that there is no solidarity between governments , only between people , and that in the end national interest speaks higher . 
  our people are the fuel that keeps the economic motor of europe running . 
  our currencies devalued , our growth stifled by quotas and an relative overvalued currency , so that german exports keep going strong with an artificially undervalued currency . 
  our people forced to emigrate to rejuvenate their work force , and miss our parents and grandparents final years , we know what it 's like when more than half of our youngsters and working age people abandon their country , stifling even more any hope of economic recovery . 
  and then comes the insult . 
  we are derided for our deficits ( how can we avoid a deficit with the astronomical cost of our debt and no growth potential ? 
  ) , even as our wages are less than half of what they used to be and germany keeps breaking the global surplus rule of 6 % with the rest of the world . 
  we are threatened with sanctions while there is praise on the other side . 
  your people derided as lazy even though you work the longest hours in europe , and are among the hardest working people in the world . 
  the few lucky ones that find jobs that is . 
  sure , we received a lot of subsidies . 
  there was a lot of social development thanks to german/european funds , but our governments were corrupt and populist ( we too in portugal had a very similar submarine scandal also with the germans ) and the people ended up seeing very little of that money , not that it mattered all that much . 
  our structure was weak , we were n't ready for a single market . 
  for germany it worked out as the cost of access to a share of production , to a new market and to a new source of qualified labour . 
  to us it cost us our countries . 
  i , like you do n't hate the german people . 
  they are a hardworking people , and i have great german friends . 
  but do n't be fooled , every government looks out for itself , and the germans are blessed with very competent politicians . 
  they are sharks and we are small indebted fish . 
  i end this with a warning to the new booming economies that just joined the eu . 
  we ( greece , portugal ) were you once , just remember that the e.u. 
  is more than the promise of subsidies and the freedom to work in high-paying countries . 
  there is a cost when your young leave your country , and to easy access to cheap funds . 
  the e.u. 
  is one of the greatest ideas i 've ever heard of , but it was n't worth my country . 
  yea , i 'm surprised as well . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  this is such a typical r/europe thread that it almost made me laugh !, 
  of course the top answer is the classic `` poor people do n't know any better , and politicians took advantage of their ignorance '' . 
  then there 's a poor guy bringing up immigration and refugees only to be promptly silenced by the german guys arguing that the vote and immigration are completely unrelated subjects and he should just stop talking about it . 
  then you have a few people with very few upvotes questioning that maybe , just maybeee the influence of the eu on these areas was more than just subsidies , and that these might not end up anywhere near the pockets of the poor locals . 
  and that perhaps the european adventure is not all that wonderful for a lot of simple hardworking folk outside the core area of central europe . 
  these guys are mostly from eastern and southern europe . 
  oh , how i wish i could travel 20 years in the future and see how all this turns out . 
  i truly wish you luck british brothers and sisters , and that it all goes for the best !, 
  nope , but we are going to ignore that the excessive surplus rules that germany keeps breaking applies to the global trade surplus , not just with countries in the eurozone . 
  and for good reason , this big a surplus hurts every other eu country . 
  but sure , feel free to change the goalposts . 
  i just love how these threads are always full of german armchair economists who can always make up reasons for the rules not really mattering in the surplus case . 
  because it 's not within the eu , it does n't hurt us right ? 
  complete , and utter bullshit . 
  [ this is one of many sources out there on the subject ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2013/bulletin_93_js_st_article2-8164.pdf ), 
  the thing is we get one side of the truth . 
  aside from seth rich three other people who opposed clinton in some way died in mysterious circunstances between april and august , and that 's in the news in eastern europe . 
  that includes a state witness and a book writer . 
  i 'm not talking about `` clinton ninja assassins '' but nowadays , and with what we learned in the leaks , we should know there is a narrative on both sides . 
  a healthy dose of skepticism does n't hurt . 
  the west does n't have an absolute high ground . 
  precisely . 
  merkel has done an incredible job in germany , aside from the whole refugee crisis . 
  after 3 terms it 's impressive that nearly half the germans do n't oppose a fourth term . 
  if i were german she 'd get my vote . 
  honest to god question - why do we ridicule the idea that powerful western people are responsible for suspicious deaths when they happen and at the same time assume that putin is to blame in this case ? 
  and i never claimed he said otherwise . 
  however that is just moving the goalposts . 
  the european rules apply to the the global trade surplus , not with other eu countries and for a good reason . 
  i 'm just saying germany should follow the rules as everyone else . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2013/bulletin_93_js_st_article2-8164.pdf ) makes for a simple introductory reading , and it 's really a consensual subject . 
  however i 'm tired of arguing against a bias , and i have no horse in this race . 
  it 's just funny to see the r/europe german bias when faced with two simple facts . 
  germany is breaking the european trade surplus rule year after year , and it is hurting the rest of the eu . 
  i am not looking for a scapegoat , i 'm just putting the radical notion out there that germany should follow the rules as everyone else . 
  which apply to the global trade surplus , and not the trade surplus with other countries in the eu - and with good reason . 
  this trade surplus does hurt other eu countries . 
  there are several reasons that an excessive trade surplus negatively impacts other economies in the eurozone , and i believe [ this outlines most of them ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/attachments/pdf/2013/bulletin_93_js_st_article2-8164.pdf ) , but there are many , many papers out there on the subject . 
  however outside a few articles in german this is a consensual topic in economy . 
  24.9 b trade surplus in the first semester up from 23.9 b last year , projected to hit 9 % of the gdp . 
  european regulations state that it should not go over 6 % or sanctions would take place . 
  this is 5th year since 2010 that germany breaks this limit . 
  how 's that for * balanced * trade ? 
  maybe you should read a bit on the subject before acting so condescending ? 
  the growth of the surplus is 1b when compared to last year ( with 3 record months ) the actual trade surplus is 24.9 b , and it represents a lot more than 1b of the budget surplus , and a new high . 
  and from what i 've seen around here most people antecipated a mid to long term financial crisis , not short term bankrupcy . 
  there should be talks of sanctions and not praise in this subreddit since this is at the expense of europe as a whole . 
  this surplus was achieved thanks to a growth of the trade surplus that was already waay over the limit . 
  the same people praising this growth would probably condemn a deficit from a peripheral economy . 
  no one claimed germany was going to face immediate bankrupcy , that would be ridiculous . 
  also i find it sad that in a european subreddit the top comment is one of praise when this budget surplus was achieved by breaking the trade surplus rule , something that deeply hurts the eurozone as a whole and struggling economies even more . 
  there should be talks of sanctions not praise . 
  the trade surplus went from 23.9 b to 24.9 b. 
  but hey - german magic right ? 
  ps aciddentally deleted my last comment when i tried to edit it , i apologize to those who responded .
