does anyone here know if this will be implemented in the uk ? 
  ( until brexit actually happens , the uk is a full ue member , with all rights and also all obligations , right ? ), 
  i also feel at home in spain , and i visit all the time . 
  the one thing i think is really different is the coffee . 
  damn your coffee is bad . 
  not really , not in the younger generations anyway . 
  never could understand . 
  we are probably the most equal of all independent nations in europe , culturally speaking . 
  this is great news . 
  ( we will * always * benefit from a stronger spain , no matter what some ill-informed people think over here ) . 
  these are all period trams , restored and kept in working condition . 
  there are a total of 3 lines using old trams in porto , and many people use them as their everyday means of transportation , although they * are * a tourist magnet . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trams_in_porto ) you can find a nice article about the system . 
  born and live in porto so a bit biased . 
  if you are looking for a genuine , mostly unspoiled city with character , then porto is an excellent choice . 
  but do check pictures and other traveler 's impressions . 
  told with the best words . 
  it 's true . 
  most likely he was projecting his own behavior when he comes south . 
  no wonder he has a large alcohol bill , if he needs to pay for his women . 
  well , the thing is , nearly all the continent already speaks english . 
  we can just use it as a tool , disregarding all the cultural load attached . 
  believe me , we can do it , and it works . 
  and considering , as a portuguese , how difficult it is to be understood even in spain ( bear in mind that portuguese and spanish are probably as close as you can get between `` major '' languages ) , that is something to be said . 
  why , you 're using it , silly . 
  wine in the south , vodka up north , and , though they are leaving , gin is also great . 
  maybe whisky ( not whiskey ) will leave and come back , who knows ? 
  as to beer , it is everywhere !, 
  * all * of these were invented where ? 
  why in europe of course . 
  cheers !, 
  this is a rabbit hole that i fell into a couple of months ago . 
  took a bit to really start enjoying it ... but it does pay to persist . 
  currently finishing toll the hounds ... just two more to go ... 
  no mayo or ketchup can match the taste of chips bathed in a good francesinha sauce . 
  and now i 'm hungry even though i just had lunch ... 
  ... every two years , for a full month , you adjust your entire schedule to the euros or world cup . 
  uh , surely you meant 600 thousand . 
  just sayin ' . 
  it 's unexplainable , but it is yuge . 
  we have the best fortresses . 
  they 're yuge . 
  yuge fortresses . 
  in absolute terms , true . 
  but keep in mind that in the 15th and 16th centuries , europe * was * pretty much `` the world '' , and stayed so until the 20th century , as far as `` superpowers '' go . 
  no , we would n't . 
  we did n't have the demographics to sustain a large empire for more than a century , let alone becoming a super power . 
  as it was we got * very * lucky in some of our colonies - keeping brasil as a colony up to 1822 was quite an extraordinary feat , only possible by a series of historical mishaps . 
  anyway ... we had a good run for a such a small , peripheral country . 
  this . 
  the proselytism in religions ( almost all of them ) is the starting point of so many problems we have in the world today . 
  to have it at a state level is simply not a very good idea . 
  or rather , it is actually a terrible idea . 
  now , considering that the us is the only real world superpower ... it is scary as hell . 
  holy shit !, 
  ( no pun intended ), 
  not natural at all , i agree . 
  but here in portugal , ( maybe in spain it 's the same ? ), 
  in spite of having a clear state/church separation , it 's still common practice to have a bishop 's blessing ( or even a mass !! ), 
  when inaugurating public buildings , for example . 
  it bothers me to no end . 
  people tell me `` it 's cultural man , no big deal '' , but still , it makes me cringe , every time i see it . 
  no doubt . 
  let 's not even go into electric vehicles , where a torque converter is n't needed at all . 
  actually , most really powerful sports cars use automatic transmission nowadays . 
  it 's a matter of better managing the huge torque . 
  however , manual also has advantages and is more fun to drive if you ca n't afford the latest ferrari or lamborghini though . 
  i find your lack of portugal disturbing . 
  also , it is probable that he really knew nothing of interest for intel agencies that they ca n't reconstruct from other sources . 
  edit : a typo, 
  uhm , actually , we are quite an exception in europe right now . 
  a small country with a left-wing government that is making the economy grow * and * lower the deficit . 
  we have social peace and welcome refugees . 
  what an oddball we are . 
  extreme heat is no fun at all , even if it 's dry . 
  i 've been at 47\u00bac in pinh\u00e3o , in the douro valley , when i was in my early teens . 
  got stuck there waiting for a train to porto for about three hours in the early afternoon . 
  shit was messed up . 
  totally still air . 
  our shoes would get stuck in the melting tarmac . 
  no ac in any cafe either in those days . 
  to this day , it 's my definition of hell on earth . 
  all this post-brexit freedom is lifting us higher and higher !, 
  but wait ... what is this humidity i feel ?? 
  ( dissolves into rain ), 
  not that i know of . 
  but i 've heard this very notion from americans before . 
  it 's like , `` we have everything we might possibly need in the us , why should we bother with the rest of the world ? '' . 
  i 'm not saying this is wrong or right . 
  just that it is a thing . 
  true enough . 
  but i would say that the vast majority of europeans ( at least , those that regularly use the internet ) can accurately point out california , ny , florida or texas on a map ; not knowing italy , france or greece are countries is n't even in the same league , given the cultural importance of these countries in the shaping of the modern world , and in the case of france , the importance it had in the very creation of the united states . 
  anyway . 
  just my 2 ( euro ) cents . 
  well , i do n't think it 's a question of being `` dumb '' , just `` cultured '' . 
  many americans see themselves as the center of the world , so why bother knowing anything about the rest of it ? 
  it has nothing to do with intelligence or scientific knowledge . 
  it has to do with a kind of self reliance that is both admirable and damaging . 
  it 's almost as if the whole country took some kind of karma-bath . 
  it 's quite scary really .
