thy could n't actually stop them from using sterling though , the government admitted that during the last independence referendum . 
  i imagine they did , considering she was polishing his . 
  canada , because it 's still quite similar to europe in sensibilities , social welfare , etc. 
  in other countries , they have had their parliament nominate someone to take the throne , but it usually comes from another line of a pre-existing royal family , and ireland would n't have done it as it was a mostly repubican revolution . 
  ken clarke , of the conservative party in the uk . 
  he might be a tory , but he seems to be the only one with his head screwed on straight and seems to actually care about people . 
  hoover - vacuum cleaner, 
  i think you 'll find , for the most part , the communists saved us from the nazis . 
  or have you never heard of the eastern front , where the russians were winning a fair while before d-day , and spilt their blood to liberate europe from the fascists . 
  others here have covered the classics for the uk , but since the election , as shown by glastonbury and a lot of the youth of the country , it has to be seven nation army by the white stripes . 
  https://youtu.be/0j2qddbelmy https://youtu.be/hebden0lkwk, 
  i would like for the uk to have rejoined it following a decade or two in the wilderness , and for it to shift into a federal state that has adopted more left-leaning views on the economy and social issues , if not outright socialist . 
  i would like for the local governments to deal with local and cultural issues , and for greater funding to be provided to the poorer eu states in order to reduce immigration pressures on richer nations by increasing the standard of life of those who would otherwise have moved . 
  but why would you eat nice people you 've only just met ? 
  it is a good film , especially the bit where they blow up the white house . 
  it 's mostly because they 're republicans , however , as to take your seat in westminster requires an oath to the queen , which they are fundamentally opposed to . 
  given that two-thirds of her own party want her to resign , i 'd humbly suggest that a majority of people in general want her to as well . 
  after all the brexit stuff , plus the videos of him basically saying , as london mayor , you could cut funding for firefighters and equipment and the level of quality stays the same , and telling the person arguing otherwise to sod off , he 's damaged goods too . 
  plus , according to the new constituency boundaries coming into force for 2018 , and the increased labour vote , he 'll actually lose his seat according to the statistics . 
  we 'll be happier once knock-off maggie thatcher ( theresa may ) resigns as prime minister and fucks off . 
  if it meant may losing the election , i 'd be all for it . 
  actually , you would n't be able to discriminate against turks either . 
  the illegality is against discrimination based on nationality in general , there is no qualifier that it has to be the nationality of an eu member state . 
  seems a shame , as when i 've gone to portugal as a brit , everyone treated me really well . 
  we might not be in the eu for much longer , sadly , but at least we still have the world 's longest lasting alliance with you guys !, 
  my maternal grandfather was an anti-aircraft gunner in the royal air force , and was stationed , at one time or another , in algeria , tunisia , libya , egypt , palestine , aden , sicily , italy , and was on the train from italy to northern france when the war ended . 
  he gave me all his papers , medals and photographs a couple of years ago because , other than my mum , my aunts and uncle could n't really care less about his time in the raf , and he believed they 'd just sell the medals and bin the rest . 
  he spoke to me quite a bit about his time there , he mostly enjoyed it , as he did n't have to fight at the front or anything like that . 
  he did tell me once , however , about a time when his crew shot down a german fighter in north africa , and he and his crew went out to find it , about half a kilometre or so from them . 
  they found the plane half way in the sand and the german pilot badly injured and burned , to the point where he asked to die , so my grandfather shot him . 
  he found that hard to talk about , it was the only time he actually saw the person he was shooting at , and the only one he knew 100 % had died because of him . 
  am english , can confirm . 
  much preferred it when i lived in scotland , was gutted when i had to move back to england with work . 
  have our noble leaders marry their own siblings for pure christian progeny with the genius trait , and initially conquer the heathen pagan tribes of finland and eastern europe , allowing us to then unite under one banner when the pope calls for a holy war . 
  also make sure your spymaster is keeping an eye on your vassals so they do n't end up starting a faction to remove you from the throne . 
  new zealand - weather slightly nicer than britain , decent government , universal healthcare and not as many deadly animals as australia . 
  otherwise , canada , for similar reasons . 
  i 'm entirely for self-determination of cultural groups , including scotland and the basque region , etc , plus an increase in local government and regionalisation . 
  i 'm an englishman , and was living in scotland during the first independence referendum , and i saw a sort of hope and happiness in the people pushing for a yes vote than i 've seen in any election or vote in the uk before or since . 
  i voted yes to independence in that referendum , and if i was still in scotland i 'd vote yes again , just as i 'd support increased regionalisation and devolution in england in order to pull power from the centre in westminster to bodies closer to the ground and the local communities . 
  good luck to scotland , i hope they get their referendum and choose what to do with their own futures , whether that 's part of the uk or not . 
  if they do n't go independent , i think there should be a serious look at a more federalised uk with a more equal partnership between the constituent countries , potentially with some sort of senate or the like with representatives selected in a similar manner to our current meps , so each region is represented equally across the country . 
  left wing , because i 'm probably not as likely , as a bisexual person , to be sent to a concentration camp . 
  we do n't have superpacs really , and political donations broadly need to be declared and are n't anonymous . 
  however , the constituencies tend to be gerrymandered , the newspapers tend to be very biased and the owners too close to certain political parties , too much time spent giving attention and column inches and television time to certain small parties and not others , and first past the post meaning the vast majority of votes do n't matter . 
  we need changes to the newspapers , electoral reform and more accountability , really . 
  aye , i love hooch , which is good , bcause it mostly disappeared the first time shortly before i started drinking in my teens . 
  nah , ozzies are convicts , not colonials . 
  chrome and google , because i 'm set in my ways . 
  socialist , trade unionist , and pro-eu . 
  no , if they 've been born here , they 're british , or french , or german . 
  you 'd get funny looks if you called someone , or described yourself as , `` african-british '' . 
  and that 's not even covering all of the waves of immigration into britain , given you also have the danes , norwegians , huguenots , indians , africans , and germans , and that 's all before you even hit the 20th century . 
  all of them would be considered british now , pure and simple . 
  this is why i think the term '' [ insert nationality or ethnic group here ] - american '' sounds very strange to us , because we would never describe someone as `` african-british '' or `` british-italian '' , we 'd just say they were british . 
  admittedly i 'm cheating a bit , i used to be a professional classical singer , which helps . 
  yep , i know every verse of * god save the queen * , though most do n't know what comes after the first 1 or 2 verses . 
  i much prefer * rule britannia * , * land of hope and glory * and * jerusalem * though . 
  i 'm not especially patriotic , but last night of the proms is great fun . 
  admittedly i went to private school , but i was taught all of those other than regions of france , and the `` greatest producer '' thing , assuming that by bodies of water , you mean the various seas and oceans around the world . 
  the idea of not knowing where countries are seems weird to me , i was brought up being told these things were important as it helped to put the world in perspective and understand trends through regional culture similarities . 
  it 's mostly to do with regionalism . 
  in scotland and wales they have successful regional nationalist parties that win seats ( the snp are currently the third largest party due to a huge shift from labour to the snp following the independence referendum ) , and in the more wealthy south , labour get very few votes , so the 2 main parties of the south east and south west are the tories and liberal democrats . 
  so fptp is just as strong as in the us , it 's just that the two main parties in each region can be different parties depending which region you 're looking at . 
  you forgot the green party , which has just as many mps as ukip , though they are only polling at 4-5 % or so . 
  i 've fired shotguns both for clay pigeon shooting and shooting pheasants when i was younger , there 's a fair bit of that in cheshire . 
  as much as i enjoyed that , though , it just further reinforced the idea that guns are bloody dangerous and i 'm glad they 're as rare as they are . 
  same here in the uk , despite my left-wing politics . 
  i prefer an apolitical head of state to the sort of shit show the us has just had . 
  uk my parents are religious , but have become less so in the last 20 years . 
  many of my relatives over the age of 40 nominally believe in god , but do n't go to church or anything . 
  myself and all bar for a couple of my friends do n't believe in any religion , and of the few that do , 3-4 of them are wiccans , and the other 2-3 are muslim , but not stringently so ( they smoke and drink , but keep to halal food and pray ) . 
  however , democracy in the uk does n't work . 
  at the moment , it seems to either be the tyranny of the majority ( referendum ) or an incredibly broken first-past-the-post electoral system that gives a party the majority of seats in parliament based on around a third of the popular vote . 
  we also have a prime minister that was picked behind closed doors and has never had to be subject to public approval or scrutiny . 
  democracy in the uk , currently , is a shambles . 
  mcdonalds . 
  likely due to the long history of such groups being in spain , given it has , over the centuries , had significant influence both from european christians and the islamic moors . 
  spain and north africa have been close for a lot longer than most european nations have . 
  that paranoia will either stop you getting them , or give the largest boner you 've ever had . 
  or you find out that you 're into exhibitionism , which would be awkward . 
  i agree with this . 
  i love it . 
  it keeps me healthy , i get treatment fairly promptly , i have access to specialists or tests whenever they 're needed , and going to hospital does n't bankrupt me . 
  it 's pretty much all i could ask for . 
  either the netherlands ( since my girlfriend has family there ) , iceland or finland . 
  though at the rate things are going , my salary in the uk would n't even pay for a paddle boat across the channel . 
  i had n't known about him directing alien 3 , despite it being one of my favourite alien movies . 
  til . 
  thanks for those , i 'll gave to check them out , especially since my girlfriend loves amilie and foreign films in general , plus it 's her birthday soon . 
  amazing movie . 
  i 'm from the uk , and visited new york several years ago . 
  the things i mostly noticed were the sheer number of homeless people ( it boggled my mind that so many people were without homes ) , the number of cars on the roads ( i 've visited london , but new york is something else ) , how much the streets smelled of either greasy fast food kitchens or car exhausts , and finally how terrible the public transport was ( i live 50 miles from where i work , and i can just get a bus and a train for half of what it 'd cost for running a car back and to ) . 
  there was also a stark line between the maintained and relatively nice areas , and the run down areas of the city . 
  i was honestly shocked . 
  i must admit , i dislike essentially being required to tip when we got food , and i 'd been told by friends i was meant to tip a percentage of what i 'd spent . 
  in the uk , waiters get paid properly , and the tips are just an added bonus if they 've been particularly nice ( or just left me alone to eat without badgering me , which happened all the time in ny . 
  i know they were just trying to appear helpful , but once i 've got my food and i 'm happily eating , i do n't want to be asked if my meal was okay every couple of minutes ) . 
  my so is dutch , though she lives over here , and i know what you mean , man . 
  i 'm honestly worried about how things are progressing here post-referendum .
