  i was given iv antibiotics and a saline drip and kept in hospital for a week - which meant i was in hospital for christmas and new year . 
  the staff were amazing , always checking up on me , and as one of the younger people on the ward over christmas , they even bought me a present between them to keep my spirits up . 
  after being released , i was given antibiotics to keep taking for four weeks , to ensure the infection did n't come back to my chest , and due to the pneumonia causing scarring in my lungs , i was given a couple of months of physiotherapy to regain my strength . 
  the cost for this treatment that literally saved my life ? 
  # 8 for the antibiotics i took home with me . 
  i would n't give up the nhs for the world . 
  absolutely brilliant . 
  i 've suffered from pneumonia twice , my first time as a 21 year old several years ago . 
  i went to accident and emergency as i was significantly sicker than i 'd ever been before . 
  i got seen by a nurse within an hour , where my pulse was taken along with my temperature . 
  from there , due to being tachycardic and having a fever , i was taken straight to intensive care , where i had dozens of blood and swab tests carried out , as well as an x-ray and an mri scan of my brain ( checking there was no damage due to my temperature ) . 
  i was given iv antibiotics and a saline drip and kept in hospital for a week - which meant i was in hospital for christmas and new year . 
  the staff were amazing , always checking up on me , and as one of the younger people on the ward over christmas , they even bought me a present between them to keep my spirits up . 
  after being released , i was given antibiotics to keep taking for four weeks , to ensure the infection did n't come back to my chest , and due to the pneumonia causing scarring in my lungs , i was given a couple of months of physiotherapy to regain my strength . 
  the cost for this treatment that literally saved my life ? 
  # 8 for the antibiotics i took home with me . 
  i would n't give up the nhs for the world . 
  it works because the nhs acts as a single negotiator for equipment , drugs , etc , and so is in a better position to drive down the prices suppliers ask for because they do n't really have a choice - they either go with the price the nhs wants , or they lose out on getting a contract with the only major player in town . 
  yep , i consider myself a citizen of the european union , though it possibly helps that i have relations who live across europe and i travel to the continent fairly frequently . 
  ah , if you 're already here on a visa , you should be fine then . 
  the uk is n't in schengen , so you might have to look at whether you require a visa of some kind of visa to allow you to come here , prior to then travelling to france . 
  i must admit , i thought exactly the same when the story broke about hameron sticking his dick in a pig . 
  the previous parliament , when we had a conservative-liberal democrat coalition government . 
  and probably whenever we end up with a labour government with the scottish nationalists providing a supply and confidence agreement . 
  most agree with a single-payer medical system , from the latest polls . 
  which currently has 11 parties and 4 independents in its parliament , and has a majority of those parties pushing for proportional representation . 
  in the uk , i 'd say you 'd possibly be a green ( other than anti-abortion , listening to religions and cultural nationalism ) , depending on which things are more important for you , otherwise you 'd likely be labour . 
  how utterly tragic your political system is . 
  the only sensible politician who seems honest and cares about people ( sanders , given he is simply proposing that us citizens gain the freedom of access to health care and higher education that europeans have enjoyed for generations ) is likely going to lose to an idiotic , flip-flopping bigot with more money than brains , and a woman who is dishonest , does what her corporate backers ask her to , and is the subject to at least one federal investigation into major breaches of the law . 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  weirdly , i disliked the comic book captain , as he came across as amazingly jingoistic and highlighted all the things people outside of the us tend to find annoying - holier than thou attitude , i 'm always right , we 're the best country in the world , etc. 
  however , i like cap in the movies , because he comes across as a more nuanced character , disagreeing in part with the way america is going , etc. 
  we 're trying , but people keep on believing in nigel farage for some reason . 
  exactly , it 's a waste of delicious , delicious meat . 
  why would you want your steak all rubbery and tough , when you could have it melt in your mouth when done medium-rare ? 
  that 's because a well-done steak is often a wasted steak . 
  i know a couple of restaurants in paris that only ask british or american people if they want it well done , because very few other nationalities traditionally ask for their steak to be well done . 
  from the uk : 7am - wake up , stagger downstairs to make coffee and breakfast . 
  if i do n't get my caffeine , i 'm going to murder someone . 
  7.30 am - have a shower , get dressed , chat with the missus a bit . 
  8.20 am - head to station for work ( between walking to the station and getting the train , it takes just over an hour ) 9.30 am to 5pm - work ( 2 15 minute breaks and a 30 minute lunchtime , all paid time ) . 
  between 6-6 .30 pm - get home , grab a drink , sort something for tea ( my girlfriend and i alternate days cooking usually ) 7.30 pm onwards - play video games , watch movies , read , do some writing , spend time with the girlfriend , etc 12 midnight - go to bed . 
  definitely , it 's by far the best version . 
  aye , liverpool has always been a militant city , a strong socialist streak that resulted in it having militant labour councillors for years in the 80s . 
  good on you lads , keep the red flag flying . 
  a great movie in general , but best in its native german - das boot . 
  yea , that 's quite british . 
  it 's similar , i guess , to how we talk about our families . 
  as a member of the family , we bitch and moan about our relatives , parents , siblings , but if a stranger came up and insulted your parents , you 'd probably tell them to fuck off . 
  it is n't about making americans bmate themselves at all , it 's to laugh at the idiotic stereotypical loud-mouth yanks who seemingly have no connection between their mouths and their brains . 
  it actively says that not all americans are like that . 
  as for how i 'd feel if that was about my country ? 
  i watch satirical shows about my country all the time - british people talking about how shit britain is is one of our national past times . 
  there are literally dozens of accents in the uk , and in many cases a different accent per town . 
  my grandad , for instance , can tell which town in our county a person comes from just by their particular accent . 
  some accents are looked down in by some ( lots of people dislike the scouse accent from merseyside , for instance ) , but we do n't go out of our way to teach kids not to use them . 
  because i 'm an employee , i do n't have to file tax returns or the like , as tax and national insurance are calculated by my employer and submitted to the government each month on my behalf . 
  you only need to submit a self-assessment tax return in the uk if you are self-employed , have income from shares , etc , or have complex multiple sources of income , and most people filling in the self-assessment forms do n't need an accountant . 
  to kill a mockingbird , of mice and men , twelfth night , romeo and juliet , an inspector calls , and several different poets that i ca n't remember . 
  going to new york : too big , too loud , self-obsessed , bad air pollution , advertising everywhere , and generally not a place i 'd ever want to visit again . 
  going to vermont : open , pleasant , friendly , glorious night skies , crisp clean air and good food , but quite a few people openly carrying firearms in public , which is just weird , even for someone brought up in the countryside in the uk around farmers who all had guns . 
  i have home and contents insurance , and insurance on my gas boiler . 
  no need for health insurance in the uk , as treatment is free and it 's only # 8.50 for prescriptions . 
  which is why you should check the subreddit for about 20 seconds first . 
  unless it 's a completely off the wall question , it 's probably been asked before . 
  trump is the man who says whatever drops into his head at the time , and expects to get away with it because he has money . 
  i hated him in his awful reality tv shows , and i dislike him now . 
  cruz is a right wing radical that even his own party does n't like , and whilst less bonkers in terms of foreign policy than trump ( let 's build a wall !, 
  ) , he 's more scary when it comes to domestic policies . 
  rubio is the republican establishment choice , and comes across as a robot that spits out the rhetoric that is programmed into it . 
  kasich is the only really ` moderate ' republican , and even then he 's on the right of mainstream politics in europe . 
  not a bad guy , he seems genuine , but he wo n't win . 
  hilary is the robot that is expected to be the democratic candidate . 
  she looks as if emotion is some sort of alien concept to her , and changes what she says depending on her audience . 
  she is also more militaristic than most of democrats i believe , supporting intervention elsewhere in the world . 
  she 'll probably win the nomination , but i wish she would n't . 
  she 's not half as good as bill was . 
  sanders - the only entirely sane one of the lot , which is why i 'd be voting for him , but he has the deck stacked against him . 
  he wants to make the us a proper first world country , with easily accessible health care , free education , etc , in much the same way that most of western europe has had for over a generation now . 
  he 's also the only one who seems 100 % honest and seems to care about the people more than power . 
  sanders is the president that america needs , but is n't the one it 'll pick , sadly . 
  york castle museum , the jorvik viking centre , the national train museum , york dungeon ... there 's tonnes to see in york . 
  it 's just a shame a fair bit of it is fairly low , and the river ouse burst its banks a month or so ago . 
  for the moment , i 'd suggest against york , as many of the tourist spots were damaged in the winter floods over here , and are unlikely to be open any time soon . 
  having visited all of these cities , i 'd suggest london , edinburgh , stirling ( i used to live a few miles away , beautiful place ) , glasgow and dublin . 
  belfast might have a lot of history , but it is n't the best in terms of tourism , dublin is much better in that regard . 
  except it is the national animal as well , selected due to it being on the coat of arms . 
  oh , we have brazillian steak houses too . 
  the two tend to cook and season the meat differently . 
  i 'd have a glass of champagne for special occasions from the age of 10 , and started drinking with friends and family regularly from about 13-14 , when i 'd always have a glass of wine if my parents were having one , and my friends and i would drink quite a lot at each other 's houses . 
  except that you ca n't know that it is a bigger difference than you might encounter within an eu country , because you 've never been to one . 
  just within the uk , you 'd encounter entirely different cultures between , say , london and glasgow , or in france between paris and strasburg , or in germany between berlin and coln . 
  but given you have never left your own country , how can you possibly know that from experience ? 
  and we disagree . 
  just because the us is huge does n't mean it is more internally diverse . 
  considering the number of cultures , languages , etc , within any given eu country , i 'd argue that any individual country over here is more diverse than the whole us . 
  nope , compulsory education was upped from 16 to 17 in 2013 , and to 18 in 2015 , no exemptions for full-time work . 
  actually , you ca n't drop out after gcses . 
  you either have to do a levels or vocational qualifications until you 're 18 now . 
  source : has a 17 year old stepson .
