  i 'm english , my girlfriend and her family are dutch , and to be honest , with the way britain is going full-on nationalist , with companies potentially having to declare what percentage of their workforce is non-british in order to ` name and shame ' them , we 're honestly looking at our options for moving to the netherlands , and i 'm starting to learn dutch ( always planned to , but i have a decent reason to now ) . 
  otherwise , things work out well . 
  i love her side of the family , they 're incredibly friendly and welcoming , and it 's given me the opportunity to visit the netherlands and take in some different culture . 
  i 'm not sure , there are significant parts of the uk where getting wankered is frowned upon . 
  if you do it regularly , you 're generally seen as either childish or an alcoholic . 
  i 'm 29 , and i do n't know anyone who intentionally gets blotto now . 
  in which case , perhaps a confederation rather than federation ? 
  i 'm for a federal or confederate europe , but i acknowledge that i 'm in a very small minority within the uk . 
  except that all they have actually done is give that same government they wanted to ` stick it to ' more power by voting to remove the restrictions that were placed on the uk government to enforce certain standards of living , like working hours , paid holiday time , environmental requirements , etc. 
  the establishment , once we leave the eu , will have more power than it has had in decades . 
  getting up early to put their towels on all the sun loungers by the pool before anyone else can reserve them . 
  used to happen all the time when i was a kid on holiday to spain . 
  actually , it 's pretty much split 50/50 internationally as to whether a comma or period is used . 
  basically the nations formally in the british empire and most of asia use periods , and the rest of the world use commas . 
  we kind of are , and yet we are n't . 
  for weights of food , products , etc , we 'd use grams and kilograms , but for our own body weight , we 'd use stone and pounds . 
  we use litres to measure liquids and things like petrol , except for milk and draught beer , where we use pints . 
  we use metres for measuring short distances and some objects , but feet and inches for other objects and our own height , and miles for distance . 
  basically , for historical reasons , we use metric predominantly for some things , imperial for others , and quite often both interchangeably . 
  i mean , i 'd roughly know the conversation rates , but then my girlfriend and half her family are from the netherlands , so it pays to know what they 're talking about , especially when i travel over to amsterdam . 
  most brits , however , do n't see it as their obligation to know these things , and expect others to figure out what they are talking about . 
  to be fair , it 's probably because we would n't have the foggiest idea what it would be in kilometres and euros , which is another issue we have . 
  approx . 
  40-45 miles . 
  so we 're meant to feel sorry for people who are members of a terrorist organisation and are de-jure complicit in the crimes of those who do leave bombs , just because they felt uncomfortable ? 
  sorry , but no . 
  i wish it was only # 20 a day , if i did n't get a season ticket i 'd be looking at # 27 for a day return on my train to work . 
  coming from the north west , there 's a fair bit of resentment held by most people i know . 
  my uncle and aunt were injured in the warrington bridge street bombing , 30 seconds delay earlier in the day would have put them next to the bin when it detonated . 
  i hold the same sort of resentment towards some in sinn fein who were also ira members and leaders , as they got to move on with their lives and got power out of it , whilst many they put through hell died because of what they did . 
  i 'm just glad it 's done with , mostly . 
  `` we need to privatise everything and be like america , and this includes piss in off all our neighbours and hating immigrants '' - uk , 2016 . 
  not panicking about terrorism tends to happen in europe because we 're very much used to it over the past century . 
  the uk had the ira ; spain had the basque separatists ; germany had the red army faction ; france has had armenian , algerian and palestinian terrorism ; italy had the red brigades and cosa nostra . 
  overall , europe has had a long history of terrorism , and a long history of war in our own countries , and so we 've developed a certain stoicism/pragmatism for these sorts of things . 
  the bible equally says that non-believers should be killed . 
  you ca n't just blame a single religion for problems , most of them contain that sort of language , and 99 % of muslims do n't comply with passages such as that , just like most christians in europe do n't go around killing non-christians . 
  islam is n't to blame , people seeking power and using religion as a scapegoat for their attempt to gain political and material power are to blame . 
  huh , yea , i 'd misread it . 
  i mean , to a certain extent i can understand , as anal sex has a greater chance of transmitting stds if the giving party has an std . 
  however , surely it should only apply to those who are not in long-term and monogamous relationships ? 
  well , not gay sex , but anal sax , and that restriction applies whether you are gay or straight ( so a woman who 'd engaged in anal sex would similarly be restricted ) . 
  entirely equal to heterosexual people here in the uk - they can get married , adopt children , have the same rights and benefits as married couples/people with children , can join the military , and are protected from discrimination in employment and elsewhere through the human rights act 1998 . 
  and yet the stupid thing is , the european convention of human rights is n't anything really to do with the eu , it was written and ratified by the council of europe in the early 1950s as a response to nazism . 
  and for all the people in britain who keep saying that we should have a british bill of rights , they 're ignorant of the fact that britain was pretty much the main country to write the convention . 
  nah , we 'll never be as good at rioting and striking as the french . 
  they 've had a lot more practice than us . 
  the mps calling for the no confidence vote are part of a faction within the labour party called `` progress '' . 
  they are the centre-right original blairite/new labour group formed in 1996 to get blair elected . 
  they hate corbyn with a passion , as he is the antithesis to blair , and they 're using this opportunity to try to get rid of him . 
  and there will be riots when people start losing their jobs if we do leave . 
  either way , there 'll be riots . 
  aye , i think that 's actually what 's been throwing me off . 
  i learnt a bit of german in school , and i keep expecting dutch to work the same grammatically , when it does n't . 
  i 'm using duolingo to learn the language at the moment , trying to get at least decent at it before looking at moving . 
  dutch , whilst similar to german , is a very different language , just to warn you . 
  source : has a dutch girlfriend and is learning the language in case shit hits the fan and i emigrate . 
  yup , i get to live for 50 years of this , where as the oap cunts that voted us out might well be dead before the negotiations are finished . 
  it 's why he 's already started slating farage - he 's preparing his excuse for when leave loses . 
  voting in - i booked time off work to be able to hand out leaflets , and i 'll be staying up for the results . 
  same here . 
  i 'm british , and i 'm part of the minority over here that entirely agrees with you . 
  britain could learn a lot , and become a better place for it , from our european neighbours , especially the scandinavian nations . 
  oi , that 's britain 's job !, 
  you keep your german hands off the irish !, 
  ww2 probably is n't the best example to use , considering the us forces often tried to force their racial segregation onto the local towns they were stationed near , resulting in hundreds of riots and fights where british civilians fought against american military police who tried to ban black servicemen from pubs , clubs and cinemas when they had no right to do so . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/world-war-two/12035018/revealed-how-britons-welcomed-black-soldiers-during-wwii-and-fought-alongside-them-against-racist-gis.html ), 
  which is why the major nations of europe have n't fought since . 
  we 're just tired of it , and it 'd be a waste of people , time and resources . 
  much easier to trade and benefit everyone , than fight and both end up ultimately losing out . 
  and the spanish , at which point us brits were helping you . 
  and then things got complicated because you made yourself an empire , and that was meant to be our shtick . 
  nah , you prussians were our best mates when you were part of the coalition against napoleon . 
  til not all irish people drink . 
  yes , because considering the way they were treated as a region within serbia over the last 20 years , and given their difference in ethnic groups and culture , i believe they have the right to self-determination . 
  in my mind , it was a left over part of the break-up of yugoslavia , and should have been given independence at that point . 
  the fact it happened recently is just finishing the matter . 
  yet another reason to dislike the woman . 
  that 's exactly why i could see it being described as a developing nation , because whilst they have industry and technology , etc , the us is still developing their sense of moral , social and legal justice . 
  the whole idea of the american dream is a sham , and is more often used to justify the ` i 've got mine , why should i have to pay for anyone else ? ', 
  attitude that seems prevalent in the us . 
  well aye , but a lot of our politicians did n't fuck up great britain as much as they did ireland . 
  so yes , the same as the uk . 
  it is a defence that the person would raise at court , highlighting what occurred , and the court would determine if it was valid . 
  there have been several cases in the uk where attacking a retreating criminal , whether it resulted in just injury or death , is illegal , as the act of retreating means that the criminal is no longer a threat to you , and so self defence no longer applies . 
  would i be correct in saying that self defence is perhaps considered as a legal defence to an assault you have carried out , rather than an automatic right that would automatically apply ? 
  you 'd have to prove it was self defence and that the force you used was proportionate ? 
  in that case , it is similar to the uk . 
  and half the people who end up being found guilty of a crime when they claimed ` self defence ' ended up chasing after the person robbing them/mugging them/etc and beat them up or killed them after they were no longer a threat to them , which is n't self defence in the uk , but is instead retaliation . 
  in the last 100 years ? 
  in a fair chunk of the uk , the answer you 'll get is margaret thatcher . 
  she ruled over the wrecking of the coal mines and other industrial sectors in the uk , slashed the rights of trade unions , demonised single mothers , froze or slashed welfare benefits , instituted the hated ` poll tax ' that caused riots across the uk , proudly stated that there was no such thing as ` society ' and that no one had any obligation to help their fellow man , and removed numerous financial and industrial regulations that , along with the cuts in regulations in the us , set the world on the path to the credit crunch in the early 2000s . 
  many people loved her , but you wo n't find many north of the midlands . 
  exactly so . 
  because of recent governments , not easily : https://www.gov.uk/browse/visas-immigration, 
  absolutely brilliant . 
  i 've suffered from pneumonia twice , my first time as a 21 year old several years ago . 
  i went to accident and emergency as i was significantly sicker than i 'd ever been before . 
  i got seen by a nurse within an hour , where my pulse was taken along with my temperature . 
  from there , due to being tachycardic and having a fever , i was taken straight to intensive care , where i had dozens of blood and swab tests carried out , as well as an x-ray and an mri scan of my brain ( checking there was no damage due to my temperature ) .
