[ a bulgarian who does n't know where his country is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-2mwtcgcie ), 
  yeah , i was amazed as well . 
  i knew about the romance origin and i heard romanian here and there but listening to it with more attention made me realise how actually similar it is . 
  i doubt he was making a reference at all , i took it as a simple joke . 
  thank you so much , that 's exactly what i was looking for . 
  itt : people taking this way too seriously, 
  but he still gets paid, 
  how can you expect to be able to build and maintain this ` schools ' in countries ravaged by civil wars , like syria or libya , where there might not even be an actual established government to talk to ? 
   i also ca n't see who was a `` good player '' in ni at the time there does n't have to be one . 
  he looks like a baby who put on a wig to look older . 
  it calculates the estimates by subtracting the retirement ages from the life expectancy . 
  so if a country has a life expectancy of 80 years with retirement age at 60 , the estimate would be 20 . 
  edit : forgot to say that it considers the life expectancy at 30 years . 
  oh , works fine to me . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmtzqcsh6xk ), 
  actually , the olympics games tend to be a net loss for the country hosting and that 's one of the reasons why rome turned it down . 
  it 's not a credible source compared to what ? 
   they even censor their own media and public institutions . 
  source ? 
  [ oh stop it , you . 
  i believe that the average gdp growth is around 6 %, 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/1357/ ), 
  does anyone know what `` functioning of government '' actually refers to ? 
  can she veto any laws or anything similar ? 
  if you think that 's bad , you must 've never seen the [ holy roman empire ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a0/hrr_1400.png ), 
  i am in favour of this on the principle of nice looking borders . 
  it 's so nice of them to be so supportive of chad . 
  do n't need cores when you have that sweet -25 % core creation cost . 
  i 'll just assume that you are trolling , because i refuse to believe that you 're so stupid to believe what you just said . 
  just like the german occupation of western poland in 1939 given that it was theirs before 1918 right ? 
  yeah because the russian occupation of crimea is nothing to be worried about . 
  it 's probably ukraine 's fault for being so russophobe . 
  the president represents all the people , not just those who voted for him , that only happens in a proportional system , and even there it 's not a perfect representation . 
  it 's not like the eu is economically irrelevant , it 's actually a bigger trade partner to the us than china . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_cross and i 'm not sure how much the us would gain by starting a trade war with the us . 
  well , the region of serbia was once part of the byzantine empire , it 's not like they had nothing to do with each other . 
  i found this [ page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_cross ) on wikipedia which goes quite in depth into the history of the serbian cross , but i was n't able to find a decisive answer as to why they adopted it . 
  i will say the same thing . 
  if someone is lawfully elected in a democracy as the head of state , they represents the nation , no matter how crazy or stupid that person may be . 
  let me be clear , i 'm not saying that americans are our enemies because of his actions , but as their president , he represents both those who voted for him and those who did n't , that 's how democracy works for the better or worse . 
  trump is the democratically elected president of the us , and as such he represents the whole nation whether you like it or not . 
   the us and europe are allies not if your government wants to dismantle the eu, 
  brexit was n't caused by trump supporters . 
   not replacing europe 's ethnic population ever again i doubt that 2 million people are going to replace 500 . 
  and even if they did why do you care so much ? 
  what 's so bad about having an ethically varied society ? 
  not with that attitude, 
  i would n't be surprised if johnson actually believed that . 
  why the hell is the end of the ottoman empire at 1570 ? 
  it lasted until wwi . 
  alright , i see what you mean and i totally agree with that . 
  what i do n't agree with is the idea that kazakhstan is a european country , but you probably did n't mean that , so never mind . 
  but according to that logic france is a south american country . 
  it 's not that our gdp has gone down , but rather that it stayed the same , while the eu average has kept going up . 
   having to cooperate because everybody is scared that germany goes off for yet another killing spree is n't really our fault . 
  i have no idea where you 're getting that fear from . 
  our problems have nothing to do with the euro , they started way before it was even a thing . 
  if we were to abandon the euro our economy would go to shit , even worse than it already is , and the lira would be absolutely worthless . 
  i do n't know , but it 's irrelevant to this discussion . 
  because we are talking about the legally recognised human rights which did not change since their international recognition in 1948 with the [ universal declaration of human rights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_declaration_of_human_rights#adoption ) . 
  ctrl + f `` change '' = no results regarding changes of the human rights . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure that the office of the high commissioner of the human rights is a better source than wikipedia , but what do i know ? 
   it is utter insanity to do such checks after they 've crossed the border . 
  and where would you do them ? 
  yes because i 'm not very smart and i need you to explain that to me , in detail please . 
  whoa , why so defensive ? 
  nobody implied that . 
  now i actually believe you do watch porn with black people . 
  sure , keep believing that if it makes you feel better . 
  and how is that incomparable exactly ? 
  pfft , you call that speed ? 
  this is speed : [ italian bersaglieri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zebgl-cjwwk ), 
   it 's too fast to march to it . 
  not with that attitude . 
  it has been happening a lot in the past weeks and it occurs in every thread about immigration . 
  the subreddit has definitely become the target of far-right groups in the past month and it seems to be somewhat organised given how effective they are at shifting the conversations . 
  from my point of view the heat is evil !, 
  wow so edgy . 
  and you think people stupid enough to fall for that propaganda would be able to distinguish between a literal and a metaphorical target ? 
  they vastly increased the security after that incident . 
  so has macron become the elon musk of / r/europe ? 
  given that every other post here seems to be about him and how he 's going to lead europe to a new golden age . 
  do n't get me wrong i like the man and i 'm glad he won , but this kind of cult like following he seems to be getting around here is getting tiring . 
  especially considered that he has n't done anything yet , as he just got elected . 
  yeah but they have been filthy rich for a long ass time . 
  do n't undersell yourselves , i find the high number of planned motorways very promising . 
  i do n't think he was excusing op, 
  thank you . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , an empire does n't have to be big , just diverse and with a powerful government . 
  what i mean is that it needs to be a strong state which rules over different peoples , in the same way the austro-hungarian empire was . 
  source ? 
  it 's not that i do n't believe you , i 'm just curious to know the context in which they said that . 
  he 's not saying she plotted those attacks , just like hitler did n't plot the fire , he 's just saying that she 's going to use it for her own gain . 
  those who call themselves `` alpha '' are always the most insecure . 
  and let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that theresa may does n't know what she 's doing . 
  she knows exactly what he 's doing . 
  a small mortgage of a 100 million dollars . 
  oh well , nevermind then . 
  maybe remove the space between the last two brackets ? 
  fyi : you missed a bracket in the `` corvus '' link .
