  does n't sound good to me . 
  you personally , whether you have children or not , directly and indirectly benefit from the existence of thos children . 
  you get to reap the benefits and none of the responsibility ? 
  i do n't care about anyones kids , i do n't care about kids at all , excluding my neices and nephews but i 'm not shortsighted , selfish and ignorant enogugh to bot notice the benefits having well looked after children bring to * society and myself * . 
  this is n't about kids . 
  this is about a real and pressing * social * problem . 
  additionally just for the record , the world is n't overpopulated not by a long shot . 
  that said i 'm perfectly fine with a human population decline , a controlled decline , not a population collapse . 
  i said tax and positive incentive . 
  where do you think the money is going to come from ? 
  i personally have problems with certain elements of judaism as a faith ( much like i have bones to pick with catholicism , protestantism , islam and basically any religion ) but i am a moderate enough person to allow my self to have these disagreements with someone 's religious belief while not extending that into hatred of the people who are religious . 
  similar to my criticisms of certain aspects of political and ideological grounds ( tea party in america aka the cancer of the republican party , some aspects of modern academic feminism [ redefining the definitions of words with well established meanings for one ] , and so on ) i do n't hate the people who make up this group just because they are members of this group . 
  i find myself capable of distinguishing between the jewish religion , jewish people and the state of israel . 
  a skill of nuance recognition that is increasingly becoming rarer these days as i find my voice slowly becoming the minority in an incresingly polarized and polarising world . 
  theres no room in the 21st century for an extremist moderate , if such a thing is even possible , like me . 
  i had a huge post typed up but reddit ate it . 
  the simple answer is that the social contract where everyone shares the burden of raising children ( i.e. 
  everyone has children ) has been shifted towards parebts increasingly shouldering the burden of raising a child . 
  average cost or raising a child in ireland is 100,000 + to 24 years old . 
  euroes directly out of parents pocket . 
  child allowance is 30,000 euroes over 16 years , 50,000 for two children , 80,000 for three children . 
  and so on , alongside a few thousand tax credits parents are shouldering 50-70 % of the direct cost of raising a child and thats with free education and many other benefits . 
  and 60 % of people with children in ireland have no significant savings . 
  average cost to a person who does n't raise a child ? 
  its a net positive . 
  they have more savings , and still enjoy state pension which is paid into by children they did n't pay much towards raising into successful adulthood . 
  additionally parents who are poor have children who are more likely to grow up around drugs , crime , or poor education . 
  the social contract should be : everyone pays towards raising children in the state . 
  ( i 'm not talking communism , more like a tax on people who are choosing to go child free ) these children get educated , fed and so on into adulthood . 
  the people who paid for those children eventually retire and the children they helped raise financially fulfill their end of the social contract by paying for their state pension ( which is a whole ` nother discussion ) . 
  combined with the social contract being broken , women are having less childreb and waiting longer to have them . 
  we should be encouraging women and men to have children earlier ( age 22-28 ) and have more ( 2.2 per women to 2.4 per women instead of sub 2.0 ) . 
  we should also be encouraging stable families but that my friend is a whole nother avenue of discussion which touches on contraception , marriage , divorce and single parenthood which is a bag of worms waiting to wriggle into my underwear and make me uncomfortable . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't think he was saying he hated the jewish people . 
  i think he was asking a genuine question but i could be wrong . 
  i understand why you reacted in this way and i forgive you for it . 
  it is a painful cultural memory but we should n't let our pain get in the way of answering genuine and difficult questions provided they are genuine questions . 
  well actually , there is quite a bit of genetic evidence that jewish people are a `` race '' . 
  there are different kinds of jewish sub-races which show differences between other jews but they seem to share a common ancestral population . 
  even the jewish diaspora share these links . 
  if you would like some links to these i would be happy to provide them however some of the studies are behind paywalls . 
  i think jews are both a race and a religion . 
  there are people of jewish ethnicity that are secular or atheist and there are people who are practicing members of judaism . 
  i think it is perfectly fine to criticise and even dislike or perhaps even hate their religion , however i do n't think its right to `` hate the jews '' . 
  many people would agree with me on these stances , criticise the religion and it 's practicioners within the bounds of healthy discussion . 
  ( lets not call for violence or discrimination against them ) just to reiterate what i 've said : 1 . 
  there is evidence that supports `` jews '' being a `` race '' . 
  religious jews and ethnic jews are not thebsame thing . 
  criticising the religion of judaism is perfectly fine . 
  hating `` ethnic jews '' just for being jews is not ok . 
  i think you give university professors too much credit and expect too much of them . 
  they are academics , which is the industry of knowledge , why would a geology professor know about the jews for example . 
  think of them like craftsmen or carpenters who work on what we know and understand and seek to understand things we do n't rather than fonts of wisdom and all encompassing knowledge . 
  as an end note to this short essay i think there is a dangerous trend of too much trust being placed in the scientific elite ( i.e. 
  people who have studied a doctorate or what have you ) in areas where they have no business talking about with more authority than an average well educated person . 
  certainly i would ask a carpenter about wood , and a geologist about rocks , but i would n't expect very useful answers from them in areas that are not their expertise . 
  if you would like people to support your view point it is usually a good idea to give them something to read in order to validate what you are saying . 
  it 's all very well to say `` the earth is round its self evident '' but some people might like to see some supporting evidence . 
  `` the definition of scientific confusion is doing the same thing over and over again and getting different results '' - third cubicle in a local nightclub near a college , author unknown . 
  is n't this article from last year ? 
  do you really think small companies , which are the backbone of a robust middle class , which allow normal people to accumulate wealth instead of massive multinational corporations , and the thousands of other benefits `` create empty jobs '' ? 
  what is empty about a small companies job of a cashier compared to the multinational 's cashier ? 
  i think thats a pretty broad insult to small companies which represent a huge amount of jobs and job satisfaction . 
  i would much rather work for and with mr.carpenter down the road than work for some faceless corporation . 
  large companies displace more jobs than they create . 
  is having 90 jobs and paying 1.15 for milk worth more than having 100 jobs and paying 1.30 ? 
  ( especially when you consider the lower price came from tax avoidance and other multinational practices ) small businesses represent like half gdp . 
  seems silly nowadays but i can understand why . 
  i hate to be the one to tell you this , but a lot of kurds are extremists who promote violence against christians , atheists and others . 
  they are implicated in genocide multiple times in the last 200 years alone and the turks have been keeping them in check for those 200 years , ottoman empire or turkey . 
  turkey has pretty legitimate reasons to bomb kurds , since there are examples of wholesale slaughter when they capture villages supporting isis or non-kurd . 
  i do n't agree with it . 
  but i do see where they are coming from . 
  which ones ? 
  you can be the good guy on the scumbag ladder . 
  eh , these things are subjective and situational . 
  i 'll simply put that i ca n't condone or support actions that cause death except in self defense . 
  for example , planting bombs at a government building , calling in a bomb threat and detonating after it is evacuated is far more acceptable than just detonating with a bunch of people inside . 
  i did n't say there were off the scumbag ladder , just up a rung . 
  one rung up in the scumbag ladder . 
  2024 irish unification ? 
  remind me !, 
  8 years, 
  to be fair , when i was abroad i had to get into a fight with my brother in poland to keep some skinheads from starting shit over his black girlfriend . 
  we kicked the shit out each other on the street which freaked the fuck out of the skinheads , they bought us drinks and started a riot later ( was over for the euros ) so it kind of worked . 
  not saying its common , but i 've only had an experience where i felt genuinely threatened by overt racists when i was in eastern europe . 
  it was during a football match though so it may be a biased view where `` hooligans '' made it seem worse than it was . 
  is there room ? 
  might open a bar there and hope for the best . 
  if i were in a country embroiled in civil war i would be getting the fuck out of dodge as a man . 
  http://www.intel.ie/content/www/ie/en/company-overview/about-intel-ireland.html we do make electronics in europe . 
  one example is intel leixlip . 
  its just certain aspects of the supply chain are more cost effective to have in asia etc. 
  while interesting i feel this is a really poor way to represent the data in a coherant fashion . 
  the fuckin ' scots have more rain than us , the bastards . 
  to be fair imperialism and conquest , as well as attempts at genocide were routine in centuries gone past . 
  i forgive you guys at least , because we took bins away from your train stations ( bombs ) and that permanent minor inconveinience to britain is enough to let me sleep at night . 
  http://imgur.com/owd5tp6 [ edit : i 've just spent like an hour looking up germanic memes , there are so many my god the bismark memes are too good . 
  globalized economy taxation system needs a major overhaul .
