  will be met with a `` yeah and a boot in the bollox on the side for you babe '' with a casual laugh exchanged . 
  sitting in an office alone and saying `` i could rape you right now and get away with it , hahaha '' . 
  fucked up . 
  recognise the difference . 
  offense is subjectively fucked up and most socially well adjusted people will send out `` feeler '' jokes to see how comfortable we all are with certain topics . 
  you can guess someones reaction to a joke long before you tell them a joke because you took the time to get to know them and their sense of humour . 
  did you report your coworker ? 
  your strawman deserves to be set on fire . 
  please point out exactly where i said anything except outright groping women and beyond is acceptable ? 
  human society has nuance something i doubt you are capable of understanding . 
  i make different jokes with my friends than i do with my colleagues , with my family , my lovers and random strangers . 
  because socially well adjusted people are capable of tailoring their behaviour to the formality of the situation . 
  calling one of my best friends of 10 years an airhead bimbo is n't sexist when we 're goofing around . 
  calling a random woman on the street a whore for no reason is sexism . 
  nuance . 
  go look up the word and start studying , because people like you who are incapable of understanding or recognising nuance are the exact same as the people who make sexual jokes in inappropriate situations and who harrass women . 
  that same inability to recognise nuance and socially adjust your behaviour codemns you both . 
  there are orders of magnitude of nuance and difference between saying women are the property of men , and playfully telling your friend to make you a sandwich . 
  if you ca n't recognise the difference then i have no idea how to help you . 
  you 've created a dichotomy that does n't exist . 
  people in the western world do n't make jokes like your second one unless they know each other very well . 
  the people who do make those jokes inappropriately are dealt with in some way whether through apologies a d getting on or punitive/legal action . 
  yet the same people who do n't want men and women to make perfectly harmless jokes are perfectly fine with importing a culture of extremely conservative people who have it literally written into their `` bible '' that women are subservient to men . 
  [ inb4 bible reference : secular society ], 
  is hearing a joke harrassment ? 
  harrassment is supposed to imply intent : e.g. 
  harrassing someone into voting for a political party . 
  talking about politics without the intent to force a vote is what we call normal conversation . 
  the line between normality and harrassment grows ever closer : to the detriment of socially diverse experiences . 
  if all that it takes for someone to be harrased is for them to `` feel harrassed '' then we open up the world to people claiming harrassment for delusional reasons , or because they disagree with someone or for personal gain which will ultimately dilute how seriously real harrassment is taken by the public . 
  looks like you 've had to much to think there boyo . 
  how about we drop you in a cell for you to dry out . 
  thanks for being close to the equator spain . 
  great bunch of lads !, 
  kilmeadan man , stuffs all over europe with stuff like irish butter ( at least i think it was kilmeaden ) . 
  its not top shelf by any measure , but its that mid range balance of affordable and quality that takes a cheese toastie from a soggy slice of depression to a good eat . 
  i could eat cheese by the block . 
  theres also a reputation to hold . 
  bord bia have been banging the drum about irish products for years now abroad . 
  haha , its a double innuendo . 
  the usa actually has a built in way to generate innovation . 
  having a split between federal and state ( in our case eu and country level : super simplification , there are federal states in eu that are included in the `` country '' level and the mechanisms of the eu are not the same as a federal institution ) jurisdictions gives room for local level states to innovate , and when the innovation is proved to have merit it could be inducted into federal law . 
  the system has massive potential , but i personally think ireland is potentially bad example for the eu to use as a proving grounds . 
  ireland is already a very highly developed society [ mostly in dublin and other cities , the peripheral regions are stagnating ] , and a huge portion of our economy is dependent of fdi and high tech industry such as computing , pharmacueticals etc. 
  what applies to ireland may not apply to less highly developed areas of europe , such as southern italy , the balkan region etc. 
  or potentially regions which have more dependence on raw material industry . 
  that said i do n't think ireland is the worst canidate if the eu project is to use an administrative region as a proving ground for eu policy . 
  fair enough !, 
  i never stated anything about how the information changes the situation . 
  i merely offered a factual correction . 
  this is a fair statement . 
  but is it fair to experiment with a small countries economy just because they are a good proving ground ? 
  rim-lick . 
  northern italy where most industry is , seems to be doing ok . 
  source : anecdotal from working with norther italiens and austrians . 
  oh the trade deal is very much still on the table . 
  been saying this for years no . 
  one village is not like the next , what works in one place may not work in another . 
  ireland is small so a relatively small amount of investment will have a huge impact on our economy . 
  this can not work in bigger countries . 
  we recovered despite austerity , amongst other things , not because of it . 
  someone claimed he actually said 10th grade daughter , which would be 14/15 [ corrected to 15/16 ] . 
  the point stands just a minor factual correction . 
  edited : correction . 
  maybe one day we can convince people to calm their shit . 
  indeed , harrasment in the form of attacking people based on their political identity is being thrown by the extremists on both sides if they so much as get a whiff of you being a member of the `` out-group '' . 
  the real danger is that if the conflict is allowed to continue at the current pace then there will be no reasonable voices left and the extremists will be the ultimate victors and people will have had their lives ruined for no gain in the status of general egalitarian ( in this case i use it as an umbrella term for all movements advicating equality and freedom : feminism , secular humanism and so on ) principles worldwide with the potential for populist regressives stealing the attention of the world and driving real issues that affect every day people into the background instead of the intended goal of protecting individual liberty whilst also safeguarding against discrimination and providing a societal framework were all people are considered of equal value as individuals in the name of the law , society and freedoms . 
  both `` sides '' ( and i use the term side very loosely in this context ) have that exact problem : trying to convince the other `` side '' you are not an insane `` feminazi/fempremicist '' or `` mra/antifemist '' ( feel free to insert popular slur used by either `` side '' in both examples ) and in fact want sensible and fair organisation of society that respects the rights of individuals regardless of their physical characterostics . 
  there is just so much white noise and poo flinging that everyone ends up deaf and smelling like shit . 
  there are two actual sides : the reasonable people willing to talk about issues with society and the extremists . 
  the problems is that the reasonable people from the feminist camp have spent the entire time talking to the extremists from the non feminism camp , and the non feminism camp have spent the entire time grappling with feminist extremists which is pretty self explanatory as to why both sides are declaring victory over each other when they manage to defeat some morally and legally reprehensible sleight from the `` other '' side in the misguided assumption that they are making grounds wrestling a pig in a cess pit . 
  and the tribalism and labelling is further perpetuating this inability for reasonable people to come together and find realistic solutions to the problems . 
  there are some crazies out there who say men ca n't be raped . 
  the above user falsely equated a small minority of extremists to a broader category of feminism which by it 's nature has no centrilized doctrine or orthodoxy . 
  most political movements in the 19th-20th century did have centrilized doctrines and orthodoxy ( facism/communism/socialism / liberalism ) from which off shoots formed . 
  feminism has these off shoots ( liberal feminism , anarcho-feminism , and so on ) however 99 % of publications do not specify the types of feminist on question when a particular thing is said or a controversial statement is said giving people the impression that feminism is a monolitic ideology without nuance . 
  this is a large part has been fueling an ideological clash on the internet the result of which is the above . 
  people saying crazy shit about stuff they do n't understand in some great online tribal war where it is presented that there are only two sides . 
  this is similar to the erosion of factionalism in religion like christianity in america , where previously you were catholic/protestant/presbetyrian and so forth however it is much more effective to label yourself christian in order to garner support with people who are your traditional and factional enemy . 
  the similarities between the christian phenomina and the feminist phenomina are very clear , however in the execution and nuance of them there are differences . 
  in the christian situation it was use proactively - to unite religious christians . 
  in the feminist example i am unsure if it was used pro-actively , re-actively or simply through an absent minded label of feminism without claryfing nuance of political position or affiliation . 
  they had a lot more people and diverse industry in the su . 
  week/monthly ? 
  that is what i expected , but i was n't sure . 
  well in early 1900 's there were like 500 german language newspapers , but i do n't know exactly when you are referring to . 
  but i agree , multiculturism works as long as cultures are compatible . 
  i do n't think an irish bar would do very well in an islamic country , but it would do fine in most european countries . 
  similarly , there must be a mutual respect for each other 's cultural identity , values and lifestyle . 
  i work with a few different german companies , that are multinational in europe and i have a great respect for the companies from the low level machine controllers to the executives because of the way they conduct themselves in our relations . 
  it can not work to import a culture that does not have a foundation of respect with the host . 
  the money would be better spent housing them in a more compatible country . 
  careful now , flegs are not to be taken lightly . 
  such edge, 
  austro-bavarian empire ? 
  save me and leave me be ? 
  yeah !, 
  those damm austrian nobles dominating the hre for centuries !, 
  could n't really keep the food down tbh . 
  south german confederation reunion ?
