  has the can stopped bouncing ? 
  aye i think you might be on to something there . 
  just wanted to make sure everyone was aware that these kinds of international negotiations are complex and have a rich history which shapes the patterns of back and forth we use today . 
  the problem with that is that certain parts are used as `` politicap '' trades . 
  `` look you do n't like x and we do n't like y , if you make this change to a and we make this change to b we are willing to agree '' each point is labouriously argued where there is contention ( sometimes even where there is no contention simply to improve the bargaining position elsewhere ) and important parts of the agreement that benefit both parties may not even get to the negotiating table if each point had to stand on it 's own . 
  i do n't disagree that there should be transparency , but negotiating international treaties are delicate and complex matters where a lot of what goes on never actually makes it into the final draft but is very much an important part of the process . 
  i thought it was in part over the british crown holding the lands of normandy and gascogne ( spelling ? ), 
  in their domain , which required a king of england to kneel as a `` vassal '' title holder of french crown lands . 
  the french crown were happy to let the english crown hold those titles as long as they kneeled as a vassal would because even though they did n't have direct control over those lands they could use that needle to tarnish the prestige of the english crown with a view to eventually provoke the english crown holder to refuse to kneel so they would have legal grounds to revoke those land titles . 
  the english crown wanted the lands ( seeing as the crown was held by french/norman nobles , they felt that they those lands should rightfully transfer to the english crown ) and to not have to kneel in vassalage . 
  it was very much a legal , political and egotistical conflict ( as all wars fought by crowns tend towards ) about the sovereignty of the english crown and from what i remember the pope was n't very helpful in solving the issue . 
  [ most of this should be considered back of napkin doodles , i played fast and loose with the facts to give a general idea from memory , so i could definitely be wrong ] edit : typos, 
  the victorian era is considered the reign of victoria . 
  the british influence world wide from the mid 1800s , was so much that the time period is defacto refferred to the victorian era , but there are more `` official '' names . 
  its not entirely about fiscal policy on a local level being incompatible , the realities are that certain economies are more efficient than others and produce a surplus while others are less efficient creating a deficet : within the eu this means that all the money , talent and power drains towards whoever has the most efficient economy . 
  now from a meritocratic point of view this is a good thing . 
  from a realistic point of view this is a bad thing , financially drained periphery states stagnate and regress as all their best trained workers bounce off into the richer countries with an abundance of jobs . 
  these same people tend to be the middle class who are the real driving force behind modern economies - they consume a huge amount of services and goods driving employment , whilst also investing in the stock market retirement funds and property development . 
  the peripheral stated end up with less of these people after spending their money on raising and training them meaning their economic enviroment sinks further . 
  repeat a year of this and each year the problem becomes slowly more compounded . 
  its not that greece , portugal and others failed entirely to balance their budgets and control their debt due to mismanagement ( which was a factor ) but that eu policy failed to safeguard against a situation where the more efficient state absorb all of the social resources of the eu [ especially when this effect is further compounded in recession ] the best way ( that i know of ) to safeguard against this is fiscal transfers from the richer more efficient state to the poorer less efficient state . 
  a good example is the usa , where certain states pay more money to the federal government than they recieve back and other states pay less than what they get , creating a smoothing out effect where the states who lack the resources/oppurtunities/criteria that created a surplus in another state to follow in the successful states footsteps and have the capital to pursue innovation , implement effective economic strategy and prevent social stagnation [ this all assumes a lack of corruption , and the presence of political will to be effective , so pinch of salt ] . 
  maybe not `` feminism '' but a contributing factor could be women in the workplace . 
  previously employment may have only counted men , but when the work force was `` doubled '' so to speak a certain continuous glut of workers was created no ? 
  note : i 'm not saying women in the workplace is a bad thing or anything before anyone jumps down my throat , just that it could be contributing to a lack of job supply as an unintended long term sode effect . 
  if theres one thing i learned from these maps its that there almost never data for lichtetein . 
  when the fuck did i mention immigrants ? 
  what the fuck are you even talking about . 
  * i 'm * talking about the fertility rate . 
  those are fair and valid concerns . 
  which is partially why people are worried : a decline in population os an unknown state with unknown effects . 
  the old addage of people fearing the unknown manifest . 
  its not about more = better . 
  its about the potential dangers of a society where the elderly are a majority and we ca n't sufficiently support them . 
  a decline in population is n't the end of the world . 
  a decline with a small workbase to support that population could be catastrophic . 
  childcare costs in ireland at least have been increasing at a crazy rate . 
  college fees , school uniforms , books , child care for two working parents , the list of expensive requirement to raising a child grows ever longer . 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  we should n't cut childless pensionsers . 
  we should put that burden on the working child-free who can bear the burden because society simply needs a relatively stable population . 
  we do n't need people who do n't want to have children to start havong children . 
  we need those people to start footing some of the bill for the people that do . 
  this will unburden people who have children from the crushing financial realities . 
  it is only in the last few generations that have a child was a net negative for the parents financially . 
  if you were a farmer the child could help with harvests . 
  an 8 year old ca n't help you do an accounting job . 
  yet , society still needs a relatively stable supply of children and lowering the burden of raising a child will benefit us all . 
  its a win-win . 
  childfree people still get to live an on average hogher quality of life financially whilst parents/children get better support for their existence and parents/childfree people will get a generation capable of supporting their retirement . 
  edit : btw . 
  anyone who doubts the * factual * basis for these conclusions i would happy to provide the sources . 
  its not just having children being expensive . 
  part of the problem is that the burden of financing a childs life becomes more and more directly a financial burden of the parents . 
  people who do n't have children are less and less contributing to the `` pot '' in terms of the expense a child requires to grow up in society . 
  things like school fees , uniforms , healthcare and so on are largely paid for by the parents when the ebtire society benefits from a stable population . 
  we need welfare ( free education , healthcare , childcare and so on ) for children because lowering the financial burden on parents will make it easier to have more than 1-2 children and live relatively secure ( financially ) lives . 
  we should all be footing the bill for the next generation so they can make our retirement funds filthy rich . 
  its the social contract , they get a relatively free ride into adulthood and we get a relatively comfortable post-work life . 
  its a bold strategy cotton lets see how it plays out . 
  colleges like nuig ? 
  women are more likely to enroll in education , though i do n't know if that trend extends to ireland and whether it affects the sex ratio . 
  no , yeah !, 
  [ the cycle is complete ], 
  right . 
  i do n't think i 've actually ever been privvy to a conversation in which a women did n't give someone who was being inappropriate the metaphorical kick in the nuts . 
  maybe i have been blessed with an abundance of socially confident women in my life . 
  i 'm glad that worked out for you . 
  i hope that all the situations like that you find yourself in are resolved as benevolently and without harm . 
  my advice would have been to report him if he did n't respond to your rebuff but you seem like you have those boxes ticked which is great . 
  i think that * may * be a safe assumption , however despite the fact that i have been blessed with socially confident women i have also witnessed some fairly innocuous behaviour labelled as sexism alongside a few people who are unstable . 
  without knowing what these people considered sexual harrassment ( age also plays a factor in what people consider harrassment ) it can be hard to draw concrete conclusions . 
  i do think it would be relatively safe to assume that these numbers somewhat representative of potentially problematic trends . 
  in short : i do n't know enough to say whether it is an accurate representation of sexual harrassment or is n't but i would feel safe in saying that they do show unhealthy social trends if they are accurate or inaccurate . 
  sometimes the doctors snip it to make the birth easier . 
  it heals better that way iirc . 
   further attempts to derail the conversation ca n't even see country flairs lmao . 
  look just give it up . 
  its clear you have no interest in a rational and reasonable conversation on the potential issues facing the eu and individual countries . 
  if thats how you want to behave i 'm no longer interested in continueing the conversation . 
  thanks for trying , i 'll give you a d - for effort . 
  the egger group ( huge manufacturer of partical board used in bedrooms and kitchens and more ) newest factory is in romania for example . 
  these are huge manufacturing facilities that support 1000-5000 jobs depending on size , not to mention the trickle down employment from the logging and forestry industries . 
  these kind of facilities with their requesite supply lines ( a truck arrives and leavesnearly every 30 seconds at the egger facility in england ) do n't appear overnight . 
  thems the taxes . 
  ah the ultimate card used by the politically inept and socially incapable when they have have no ground disprove what you are saying : slander and libel usually manifesting as false accusations of racism , pedophelia , sexism and more . 
  please try harder troll . 
  nope thats not what i said . 
  you are again strawmanning me by misrepresenting my position , continuously . 
  either you have failed to understand the nuance of what i said or your are deliberately trying to derail my argument . 
  i can do it too , but instead i 'll translate your post into literal statements : `` i do n't have any real mechanism to deconstruct and analyze your arguement so i 'm just going to play my pc trump card alongside a few buzzword references and slink back into the shadows '' thanks for admitting defeat , i 'm quite sad you did n't even try to disprove any part of what i said . 
  i had hoped you would n't just roll over . 
  it depends on then workplace . 
  it depends on the joke . 
  nuance . 
  not all sexually charged jokes are cut from the same cloth . 
  making an offhand joke referring to your wife as the `` laundrey fairy '' yeah sure giggles and tuts all round . 
  joking about raping another person in the room ? 
  thats fucked up . 
  asking a co-worker of years to `` grab me a sandwich would ye ? '',
