  economics definitely has an impact , but there are other factors at play in the complex issue of birth rate . 
  automation does n't need vaginas or penises to create the factories of the world . 
  armies are becoming automated increasingly , drones are just the first step . 
  people like me do n't mind a decline , but we would prefer a slow decline in population , not a rapid one . 
  or a stable population . 
  sort of . 
  even small and medium enterprises have directors/owners who want to make profit . 
  you replied in an edit , but i 'll reply here . 
  i agree that we do n't need more single mothers with children . 
  that is something we should be actively discouraging . 
  hence providing easier access to contraception , and sexual health education , especially in low income areas as they are the most at risk for single motherhood . 
  one way is to provide tax breaks to stable families , another way is to smooth out the access to economic opportunity of all children reaching adulthood . 
  i would like us to do both . 
  i also agree that there is a lack of economic opportunity , but that does n't mean we should go into demographic decline whilst just relying on immigration . 
  its important to remember in my point i 'm not arguing for an expansion of the population : rather a stabilization . 
  2.1 children per women is replacement rate i.e there is no major increase or decrease in population . 
  my argument is that we should aim to keep it somewhere in the region of 2.0-2 .2 ( revised afterni look up specific numbers on replacement tfr ) so that the population neither increases or decreases rapidly . 
  job are obviously a very important part of the discussion , and i definitely think we should be investing in small businesses , which tend to bring about economic activity on local levels throughout the eu ( bars , stores , music schools , self employed craftsmen and the million other small businesses which represent 50 % of the economy ) another potential angle of attack is lowering the working week , but the economic effects of that are ill advised . 
  as a counterpoint , when ireland experienced the crash and recession , our birthrate skyrocketed despite the fact unemployment hit nearly 15 % . 
  so i do n't think jobs are solely what keeps people from having enough children to keep the population stable . 
  obviously not every child is a blessing , lets not mince words here , i 'm talking specifically about the economic advantages to having well adjusted , highly educated and well skilled young men and women entering the workforce . 
  to help further illustrate the problem i 'm trying to convey , lets look at a population of 200 people , 50 % male , 50 % female and everyone dies at exactly the age 100 and has two children at age 20 , a boy and a girl . 
  people retire at 60 . 
  this is a perfectly stable population . 
  now lets imagine that 1 in 5 of those couples when they reach age 20 do n't have children but continue to work . 
  assuming this trend continues forever , that year the population falls by 2 to 98 . 
  4 years later the same again reducing it to 96 , 4 more years it is 94 , then 92 , 90 , 88 , 86 , 84 , 82 , 80 . 
  once there are 80 people left the people who originally decided not to have children retire . 
  now , the population decline did n't happen at the `` top '' where the old people are , it happened in the middle where the economically active adults are . 
  when the population was stable there was 40 people supporting 60 people paying into social welfare . 
  40:60 ratio . 
  now , after 40 years of a 20 % lowered birthrate there are 36 people supporting 40 pensioners and 16 children . 
  before , each person was supporting , 1.5 people . 
  now each person supports 1.55 . 
  however that does n't tell the whole story . 
  of those people who decided not having kids they are actually removing that burden from themselves and only paying towards their parents and grandparents pension . 
  assume that they decided collectively that the people who do have children should have .25 more per person to bring the population back to it 's stable condition . 
  now , the people who do have those extra children are shouldering a disproportionate amount of the social support burden , as they are economically responsible for those extra children . 
  that 's why , if we are to take measures to increase the birth rate to a reasonable level near the replacement tfr , that the people who choose to not have children should contribute to mitigate the effects on the economy from a lack of workers . 
  whether that is requiring them to fund their own retirement in some way , asking them to pay slightly higher taxes which will be paid to provide services like childcare , healthcare and education to those children or any other means of contribution . 
  i 'm not saying you should be handing over $ 50,000 to someone because they have a kid and you do n't . 
  more like asking you to contribute a reasonable portion of your income ( reasonable as in `` fair '' like 1-2 % ) to raise economically viable adults who will support you in your retirement . 
  this all assumes we institute a `` goal '' birthrate . 
  if people are happy to let the population decline that is fair and reasonable , but if we are to stabilize our population by increasing birth-rates in a small portion of the population then the people who are not having children should provide some contribution to making sure those children do n't grow up in poverty and economically un-viable at adulthood . 
  there are many different kinds of responsibility , if you think that children are parents responsibility , then those children do n't have a responsibility to pay your pension . 
  edit : typos galore . 
  i personally do n't feel very `` european '' , but ireland is similar to britain in the aspect of being an island so that may contribute to the mentality . 
  its odd but when i think of `` europe '' i think of the mainland states like france , germany , poland , hungary , all the way to greece , spain and italy and everything in between and bordering those . 
  i am more than happy to be paid to go all over europe and experiece the local women ... 
  i mean culture . 
  i think this international orgy ... erasmus for every profession , is a great idea . 
  i would like to subscribe to umberto 's newsletter . 
  i think there is a healthy middle ground to be found , but i would have to hear out some arguments for both sides to be able to find it . 
  no where in my post did i say people should be forced to have children . 
  just want to make it very clear as you are the second person to make that mistake and i do n't want my argument misrepresented . 
  _____ yes , there is child allowance and some tax breaks however there is a social problem which was illustrated in my post . 
  50-70 % of the cost of a child is born on the shoulders of parents . 
  less people are having children . 
  this means the parents who do have children need to have more to keep us from demographic collapse ( i.e staying near the replacement tfr ) . 
  less people are directly shouldering the burden of raising children . 
  people without children almost universally have savings . 
  in ireland 60 % of parents have none . 
  children when they become adults support pensioners with state pension regardless of how much they contributed to raising those children . 
  ergo it seems reasonable to me that the taxes and benefits related to child welfare are not in the right place . 
  hence , there should be a small tax on people without children which will help fund increased benefits for children . 
  it is an incredicly logical , rational and fair expectation for child-free parents to shoulder some of the financial responsibility of something they will benefit from 30 years from now . 
  _____ i think it is slightly naive to think that what people contribute to their state pension is enough to cover them without pay-ins from the younger generation . 
  state pension here ranges from $ 100 - $ 200 a week depending on how many contributions you made . 
  and thats just the base rate without special allowances . 
  ( consider an average weekly wage might be $ 400-750 for full time work , with people 's walk home pay being 385-700 . 
  how does $ 15 in taxes now pay for $ 100 45 years from now . 
  our state pension in ireland is already unsustainable ) . 
  _____ and we need to counteract that trend to keep a replacement level of children . 
  the tfr for replacement is 2.1 children per woman . 
  we should try to keep it in the 2.0-2 .2 range instead of sub 2.0 ____ well , for one thing i beleive we should deflate the housing market heavily . 
  this would increase the mobility of our workforce allowing people to relocate for jobs and lifestyle reasons more easily . 
  additionally , as i said , you should also have a small pool of money paid to you by people who choose to go child-free . 
  childcare should be a social service ( i.e paid by the state ) as should education and healthcare . 
  a totally socialist , capitcalist or whatever economic model will never work sustainably . 
  it is a hybrid system of free market capitalism , with robust market oversight and a strong social network of services to produce healthy , well educated and hard working people that has and will rule the day, 
  childcare was another thing i should have added in my post . 
  i agree with some of whaf you said , i do still think a short period of maternal leave is good ( 1-3 months ) . 
  60 % of parents with children in ireland can not afford to have savings ( pension , investments and so on ) . 
  i would love of it was sunshine and roses every day too . 
  that is not what i said at all . 
  it is simple logic . 
  there are four groups of people in my reasoning . 
  adult who have children . 
  adults who do not have children . 
  children . 
  retired pensioners . 
  group 2 pays to support themselves , pensioners etc , however they do not contribute meaningfully towards the raising of children . 
  these children , when group 2 retire , will pay for group 2 's pension . 
  it is only fair to expect then , that group 2 contributes slightly more into the pot for raising group 3 , since group 3 is expected to care for them in retirement . 
  well the facts are pretty cut and dry if you 're a moderate like me . 
  sadly when you sit in the middle you have clowns on the left and jokers on the right , who generally are interested in pushing what they believe should be the cultural zeitgeist instead of accepting a reasonable middle ground where the risks and issues are addressed . 
  i do n't have any kids . 
  half the people now ? 
  it would n't change much . 
  an uncontrolled demographic collapse ?
