i thought `` yeah no '' was no , and `` no yeah '' was yes ? 
  can depend on the emphasis of the word aswell no yeah ? 
  for sure we are . 
  [ transparency register website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/homepage.do?redir=false&amp;locale=en ) [ transparancy register code of conduct ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/staticpage/displaystaticpage.do?locale=en&amp;reference=code_of_conduct ) heres an example of someone lobbying on eu level : [ ipi : irish planning institute ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/public/consultation/displaylobbyist.do?id=897410414273-15 ) there are some problems with the transparency register at the moment despite the good work it does . 
  for example a company or group of companies can `` hide '' behind an interest group that pushes their agenda on the eu level without being registered themselves . 
  specifically in the example i gave above the advantageous treatment was on a national level in britain . 
  i do n't know any company getting advantageous treatment on an eu level . 
  member state level lobbying is a whole lot less ethical than the eu level processes . 
  [ from what i 've seen ] you do risk that with lobbying , but its like drug legalization : it does n't matter if it 's legal or not its going to happen . 
  by implementing regulation , enforcement and procedures you can push the process to a more ethical position which is exactly what the jtrs tries to do . 
  i could be wrong , but i believe without the procedures , regulations and code of conduct laid down by the the register a very small minority of companies would be hogging the ears of eu commissioners in an unethical way . 
  it could be better , hence why i am tentatively in favour with reform . 
  doing it transparently and in the public is better than a small group doing it in the `` shadows '' with zero transparency . 
  woof , woof , wheres the cat ? 
  i work in an industry that is somewhat plagued by hefty government regulations and unfair competitive subsidies etc. 
  on local , national and international . 
  some of the companies we work with have lobbyists all over europe , england and ireland working to get some of these pretty bad practices changed . 
  for example , one of our competitors is currently subsidiesed/given tax breaks by the british government due to some unfair practices and application of funding for green energy despite the fact that every single one of the manufacturing plants we have use 100 % renewable energy with a very low carbon footprint . 
  that said despite the amount of stuff i know about the lobbying process , i am extremely unsure what way to vote . 
  if i were to say anything , its that the lobbying process is not inherantly bad , but it can be abused . 
  i 'm leaning pro-lobby with reforms . 
  its important for companies and organisations to have their voices heard by the government , elsewise i fear even greater levels of cronyism where the officials only listen to the corporate representatives they favour . 
  right , but we do n't get the floor moved by barking at the ceiling . 
  i told you my political alignment to give context to where i 'm coming from . 
  i did n't say the nye attacks were covered up . 
  i never made a claim that i was n't generalizing , again i am merely telling you what i have seen from my perspective . 
  i make no claim to know the truth 100 % , but to present what i have seen and what you do with it is your own business . 
  i agree , some fears are justified and some are n't . 
  again , i 'm just telling you what i have seen in many places . 
  everytime i see someone post something critical of the immigration policy , immigrants or muslims i typically see someone calling them a racist/bigot . 
  i 'm a moderate . 
  the exact opposite of fear mongering has been happening . 
  the media has been hiding the problem , or do you remember the nye attacks and swedish media admitting it censored topics about refugees ? 
  i think if you really listen to the right , as i have , the overwhelming fear is that the social fabric will change . 
  people are terrified because they hear of rapes , foreign fighters hiding among refugees and they see the rules and behavior that are acceptable where the immigrants/refugees come from and they are worried that will change their society . 
  these are people who are fairly happy with our society/culture and the relative prosperity , freedom and equality that we have . 
  they are terrified and appalled when they see a video of a 2nd generation immigrant cutting off a mans head in the street in the name of islam and sharia law . 
  for the right , its not about their race or religion . 
  its about their behavior in our countries . 
  now some people on the right have admittedly used their religion as a reason to hate these immigrants , but that is a perfectly fine position to take in my vies as long as you are internally consistent and hate all religion . 
  i think the fears of the right are justified . 
  however , * literally every time * someone , anyone , everyone says something critical of immigrants the racist and bigot card is pulled out by the left . 
  yes , but pulling out can dangerous if you do it for the wrong reasons . 
  a small dip downwards is fine , when things seem to be going downhill you can often just ride the rythm back to the tipping point where you minimize the potential negative out comes . 
  you do n't want to end up with egg on your face from a poorly timed vigorous exit . 
  you do n't want to blow your load like these guys did by mis timing their investus interruptus . 
  welcome to word play my friend . 
  anyone notice that the people in who support the refugee policy are obsessed with race while those opposed are concerned about the consequences . 
  funny old world , used to be that the refugee `` haters '' were obsessed with race and the supporters were concerned with the consequences . 
  never pull out in a panic . 
  you 'll just make a mess . 
  an exit strategy should always be calm , collected and if possible : gentle . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_entities_where_portuguese_is_an_official_language portugese is spoken in a lot of places , more in quantity than spanish even . 
  german if you want to go work in germany/austria/switzerland [ its not entirely mandatory as people mostly speak english but you will fit in better ] . 
  french if you want to study in france , aka 1 year ticket to continental orgy . 
  [ fun fact : 100 % of the women i know who went to france to study whi were in relationshios cheated on their boyfriends with strange frenchmen ] irish if you want to be able to talk with a friend about the most disturbing shit ever in public and have a high % chance no one will know wtf you 're saying . 
  however welsh or scottish will also suit this porpoise . 
  polish is very useful if you want to invest in eastern poland . 
  ` tis a growth market . 
  however spanish is the world traveller 's pump action shotgun to open up destination possibilities . 
  so many countries speak spanish that its very useful . 
  portugese is like a pistol language shotgun . 
  if you dream of a world without refugees russian is your ticket to freedom . 
  otherwise , simplified chinese , arabic , or ab african language ( for future enhancing your employability ) . 
   small enterprise  a small enterprise is defined as :  an enterprise that has fewer than 50 employees and has either an annual turnover and/or an annual balance sheet total not exceeding $ 10m  a medium sized enterprise is defined as :  an enterprise that has between 50 employees and 249 employees and has either an annual turnover not exceeding $ 50m or an annual balance sheet total not exceeding $ 43m https://www.enterprise-ireland.com/en/about-us/our-clients/sme-definition.html i forgot the exact numbers . 
  population size is n't entirely relevant so much as the definitions that have been laid out by the government/enterprise ireland/cso and so on . 
  which is to be expected . 
  small businesses [ 10-500 people depending on industry ] usually represent about 50 % of gdp and 70-80 % of employment in western countries like ireland/england/us / germany etc. 
  if the irish and british government worked together to bring more prosperity to ni [ investment and so on ] , it could help the problems . 
  i 'm a firm believer that a prosperous society helps prevent violence . 
  joking aside ni is genuinely suffering i do feel that ireland should be partly responsible for helping ease or abate that suffering . 
  you can keep it man !, 
  no take backsies !, 
  but you 're not even breathing heavy . 
  lesburger sounds like a femme fatale stage name in a metal band . 
  i think the only people who take stuff like that seriously are humourless killjoys . 
  you should hear some of the abuse i get daily , but i 'm not crying about it . 
  well i mean the trend is upwards , still negligible though . 
  yes i think so . 
  do n't fret , people do n't hate the english in a meaningful way . 
  its more of a petty `` look at that prick on the telly '' kind of way . 
  are they nice shoes ? 
  15.6 % of british people could potentially qualify for irish citizenship . 
  thats double the amount of irish people in ireland mind you in terms of quantity . 
  basically means if you had children before you got irish citizenship , your children are not eligible , if you got your citizenship before and then had children , they would be eligible . 
  so grab those i-cards quick before your go sticking your knob in things . 
  thats been our plan all along , send people over under the guise of looking for work . 
  little you knew it was to dilute your gene pool and steal your citizens when you leave the eu . 
  reverse sexual imperialism . 
  oh yes , people definitrly harbour ill-will towards british people rational or irrational . 
  to give an example , i 've had food taken from my table and replaced after a short conversation with staff and they realise `` oh you 're irish '' in a couple of different countries . 
  example 2 : the troubles . 
  the events leading up to that hundreds of year ago , societies have very long memories . 
  i personally grew up disliking english people , since there is a latent `` fuck the brits '' undercurrent to irish society even though we have relatively good relations nowadays . 
  i sort of grew out of it , but its still there in our jokes about each other and i can imagine some people do n't get the memo about not taking the jokes seriously . 
  now imagine a poorer country , really far away from britain , can imagine there would be a bit of social resentment even though the people harbouring the resentment were n't alive for the transgressions . 
  soviets did n't beleive in roads , i remember that much from history class . 
  you know the saying `` every cloud has a silver lining '' ? 
  smv ? 
  is that like smh ?
