  he 's still technically correct after a certain fashion . 
  this war was when torpedoes and anti-ship mines came into their own . 
  losing a capital ship to such an inexpensive weapon , when navies were so vastly and exorbitantly expensive , paralyzed most nations when it came to naval deployment . 
  you can see their fears realised during the naval bombardment and invasion of turkey by the british , when they lost 2-3 capital ships to mines , and when two british battlecruisers detonated from german fire at dogger bank . 
  such an expensive weapon could disapear in an instance . 
  they were enourmously powerful things , but enormously fragile as well . 
  the impact on the eu will be large at first . 
  the uk is a popular destination for eu migrants looking for work . 
  once the uk is out people looking for jobs internationally within the eu will have less options , countries like germany , austria , france , ireland , belgium , netherlands ( and the nordic countries ) and certain areas of the eu like northern italy and certain areas of spain with strong economies will see those eu migrant workers come to their countries instead of the uk . 
  we might even see countries like poland , which has typically been a net exporter of migrant workers become a net importer of migrant workers if the polish economic juggernaut continues . 
  after the uk leaves , it will obviously start negotiating with the eu for trade treaties and co-operation treaties on it 's own terms . 
  depending on whether the eu decides to play ball , from a trade stance very little will change . 
  if britain leaves the eu the scots will kick up a fuss , as much as the cultural meme of the scottish and irish being the same people is played out , there are a lot of political similarities and mentalities shared with regards to the eu . 
  the scots will most likely demand independence , or a way for them to stay in the eu in some fashion . 
  northern ireland may also demand devolution , or some way to remain in the eu but that 's less likely as they already have a direct open border with the eu through ireland whether or not britain is in the eu . 
  there will also be other disgruntled movements throughout the eu , demanding their countries leave when the uk economy starts to crank ahead in the wake of leaving the eu . 
  and just for the record , the uk 's economy will grow whether or not it leaves then eu , but that 'll be the whip use to prove leaving was the right decision as is traditional in anglo-franco-germanic fashion . 
  do something unrelated : claim it helped the economy . 
  the most affected will be ireland , belgium , netherlands , france and germany , all in different ways and for different reasons . 
  ireland has many pre-existing treaties with the uk , which would conflict with the eu if they decide to play hardball with the uk . 
  this could be disastrous in terms of ireland 's position in the union , potentially forcing ireland to leave in some fashion due to the conflict ( unlikely ) or renegotiate those treaties with the eu 's goals in mind ( more likely ) or ireland ignoring the eu and chugging along . 
  as for france , they are a large trading partner with the uk , as well as the channel tunnel making things a bit more complex as they would have a `` border '' with a country outside the eu . 
  stuff will change around calais and northern french ports . 
  belgium , netherlands and germany also trade heavily with the uk , and the shipping industry wont be shielded from the effects . 
  there are also multinational companies ( mainly from germany ) which operate in the uk and some shuffling and reforms will need to be made before they settle comfortably in their none-eu home , or it will be used as a nice excuse to move those factories to romania , spain , hungary and other places who are catching up education wise but still have relatively low labour costs . 
  at lot of the answers to the other questions are available on the internet . 
  whether or not i trust those answers is another question . 
  the best answer i can give is i am unsure what some of the outcomes will be but they may be unpleasant . 
  there 's always that negligible chance of this sparking violence ( civil ) and disorder in many countries , but whether you want to put your faith in finding a hay in a needlestack is your own business . 
  edit : if you think my opinion on this matter is incorrect i would love to hear counterpoints . 
  i may very well be wrong on all fronts here . 
  there was widespread persecution of jewry even after the magdeburg rights were instituted by the hre . 
  expulsions from austria , england , france , spain etc etc. 
  these all happened between 800-1500 . 
  my point is that while whether or not we are treating jews in some discriminatory way today , we are far better off in that respect than historically . 
  ( i do n't have an opinion on whether jews are discriminated against in europe in todays world , i do n't know enough to draw conclusions ), 
  i feel like not openly hating them and discriminating against them is a bit of a step from medieval and early modern times . 
  people probably `` worshipped '' animals and nature . 
  trump is an expert at manipulating the media to steal the stage . 
  its working . 
  americans are in a position of choosing the lesser evil at the moment . 
  if it were my opinion , sanders would be the least evil democrat , and trump the least evil republican . 
  it is an unfortunate position they find themselves in . 
  i agree with you in the respect that the fleet was not designed to `` attack '' great britain . 
  however it is important to remember in the late 19th and early 20th century when it came to overseas colonies surface fleets were * the * way to project power . 
  germany built that fleet for a number of reasons , to protect their oversea territories , to disuade invasion from britain and america , for `` prestige '' and propaganda etc. 
  none of these were an `` attack '' on britain . 
  the existence of the fleet did however challenge britan 's naval dominance so its is understandle that a historia born in 1940s britain interpreted it as an `` attack '' . 
  i do n't think the statement was accurate , but i do n't think it was entirely untruthful either . 
  was n't he quoting the historian norman stone in that episode ? 
  `` the last thing germany needed was a problem with great britain , and the greatest mistake of the 20th century was made when germany built a fleet designed to attack her '', 
  j.r.r.tolkein fought in the first world war . 
  they reckon that some of the imagery in the lord of the rings was inspired by his experiences , and the experiences of people he met . 
  mordor for example , is said to be inspired by the battle of the somme , and the battle of verdun . 
  soldiers marching to the front would see the battle long before they arrived at it . 
  a great fiery place filled with death and noise . 
  there is a great picture of a before and after aerial photo of a fortress that endured bombardment . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=verdun+before+and+after&amp;client=ms-android-h3g-ie&amp;prmd=ivn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj6wvfahynlahvbmw4khvkvarsq_auibygb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=615 ) i recommend reading some first hand accounts of the battle and some of the accounts of the officers and military staff organising the battle . 
  1.5 million frenchmen fought at that battle , which is near enough every french soldier serving at the time , over the nearly year long battle . 
  i ca n't remember if it was falkenhayn , ludendorff 9r someone else who orchestrated the assault on verdun but their goal was to '' ... bleed them white '' [ cause such damage to them that they surrendered ] . 
  those frenchmen who fought and survived the battle of verdun went on to shape not only the psyche of french society , but the french army during the war . 
  late in the war french soldiers were refusing to assault the german lines . 
  they would not run from the defense of their nation , but the french army had trouble getting the soldiers to go on offensives after the battle . 
  [ mainly after the nievelle offensive early in the year after verdun ] edit : just to signify how important this shift in french thinking on the psyche was , before the war the french believed in '' \u00e9lan '' and the noble assault , seeing weakness in defense . 
  so highly was the belief in the attack that many frenchmen suffered greatly assaulting positions which were highly inadvisable to attack . 
  right , but those replacement jobs wo n't appear overnight [ nor will the jobs be lost overnight ] . 
  it takes time for them to appear which is why i 'm saying we should be prepared in some way to tackle the problem when it arises so that the transition is smooth . 
  i do n't think i said anywhere that reducing the population would help the job market [ i actually think its the opposite ] . 
  i think we 've had a misunderstanding . 
  in fact i do n't think i 've disagreed with you at all . 
  this is a silly conversation . 
  as for the aggregate demand , yes thats true but well , lets say you have 100 people who demand 40 jobs worth of work in goods . 
  if the ratio stays the same and you have 200 people theres still only 80 jobs for 200 people . 
  my point was to illustrate that automation , even in the service industry [ yup , the robots want those jobs too ] breaks the mould where more people directly equals more wealth . 
  obviously there are some jobs that can not be replaced by automation , but every year that passes we get closer and closer to being able to automate a large range of jobs . 
  the reason its relevant is because if there is a shortage of jobs * now * what do you think will happen when some jobs start getting automated ? 
  for example in us they have 3.5 million truckdrivers . 
  what happens when/if those jobs are replaced by self driving trucks ? 
  3.5 million people out of a job , with maybe 100,000-500 ,000 jobs servicing the trucks . 
  did i mention robots do n't need to sleep ? 
  i would have thought a self driving cars and such were sci-fi in the 1980 's , but now they 're coming to fruition in front of our eyes . 
  [ inb4 you call me silly for the self driving car thing . 
  its an illustrative example . 
  intended to illustrate that jobs will only become more scarce as time marches on , and we should be considering this even today , despite the fact that the impact of this is years down the road , perhaps even a generation or two ], 
   sensible  politics pick 1 . 
  to be fair . 
  i feel like you had a genuine point to make but made it very poorly . 
  i will try to argue in your favour . 
  the best similar example is the troubles in ireland , it was n't all out ethnic warfare but there were problems to be addressed and violence was fairly common . 
  by no means does the world need to stop and panic , but this state of affairs should be rectified in some manner . 
  right . 
  unfortunately now there is conflict . 
  as per my example , when germans and irish people immigrated to america there was no conflict . 
  taking a side , or problems developing in those immigrant 's home state has the potential to cause problems in their new home . 
  might be enough to sway some euros skeptics to being euro neutrals until the next bone is put upon the table . 
  import people with unresolved conflict and you import their conflict . 
  historic example : irish americans protesting america 's involvement in ww1 . 
  german americans doing the same aswell , but thats more of a direct involvement . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't have immigration , but politicians and society should be aware that if you bring in people who have a bone to pick somewhere that bone automatically becomes your problem aswell . 
  during the recession ireland had a baby boom ( 25 % of people under age 18 as of 2013 ) despite the fact we had like 15 % unemployment .
