  shake my vagina ? 
  its sad that you feel the need to pre-emptively apologise for a joke . 
  i 'm getting some crazy deja vu . 
  i swear i 've seen this exact comment on a similar story . 
  depends on the time of the day . 
  but generally ireland sounds like a grey shite dieing slowly in the sun whilst it rains . 
  threads are routinely deleted about the islanic elephant in the room , aswell as routinely locked for `` being uncivil '' when uncivility represents less than 5 % of posts , all of them at the bottom or downvoged . 
  moderators have also given themselves a way to legitimize censorship of criticism by outsourcing that to / metaeurope or whatever the empty shell of a sub they use to give themselves plausible deniability when it comes to censoring moderator criticism . 
  on what grounds do you make that statement ? 
  the prevention has nothing to do with trade and everything to do with the death of nationalism , militarism , imperialism and protectionism . 
  when `` powers '' are no longer interested in global dick measuring contests and doctrines of hate are purged from the social conscious you get peace , unsuprisingly . 
  this is what was said before ww1 . 
  `` the world is too interconnected for there to be a war '' . 
  thats the point . 
  its a niche meme that 'll die in a day or two and will be occasionally revived once or twice a year until / r/europe dies . 
  being an island is pretty great, 
  its just a bit of silly fun , its not like it happens all the time . 
  keeping a subreddit or community fresh involves letting `` memes '' develop and run their course . 
  the last couple days the europe navy `` meme '' has been floating around but it will die out . 
  toe nibbler ? 
  my bad , they were actually scrapped in 2012 . 
  they were costing $ 700,000 a year to store from 2002-2007 , then 140k a year from 2007-20012 when they were scrapped for $ 9.30 each . 
  7,500 machines costing 53 million scrapped for about $ 70,000 . 
  i was under the impression it had never been resolved . 
  each machine cost around $ 7,000 originally . 
  in a single area there will be multiple seats up for grabs , so a party can run multiple canidates in an area and they can get multiple seats . 
  for example if there are 100,000 voters and 4 seats , then to get a seat you need 20 % +1 vote ( 20,001 votes ) since only 4 people can get 20,001 and the last maximum is 19,996 then the seats are awarded to to 4 people . 
  lets say you get surplus votes , 11,000 when you need 10,000 . 
  those 1,000 surplus votes are taken away and distributed according to next preference . 
  going into an election , the head of the party is usually well established and people do n't vote for the head of the party in the way the american 's do for presidential elections . 
  in ireland the president is apolitical , the president does not get involved in politics ( at least they 're not supposed to under law ) , the president is who appoints the taoisoch ( butchered the spelling but cbf on mobile ) aka prime minister . 
  in ireland the president is more like a pr/ceo , a public face who runs all his decisions through the management and so on ( super simple explanation ) . 
  and they 're sitting in a rented warehouse costing money to this day . 
  important to remember multiple seats are at stake in an election area , so you do n't need 50 % instead you need to meet a threshold . 
  i would smuggle them and sell them if i were the refugees , the history is saved , i get money and no one loses . 
  not much , it can delay bills being passed ( no veto ) . 
  its supposed to work as a house of lords type organisation in the uk , however its got so little power and basically belongs to the ruling party its basically where they stuff people on their way out of politics to make their retirement package a bit better from what i 've read . 
  give it time and a few abuses of power and the pricks will be out on their divine arseholes . 
  i came here to talk at lenght about the seanad eireann . 
  its a joke really . 
   article 8 . 
  the union shall develop a special relationship with neighbouring countries , aiming to establish an area of prosperity and good neighbourliness , founded on the values of the union and characterised by close and peaceful relations based on cooperation . 
  mission statement , mission , policy . 
  you understood my meaning even if the words were chosen poorly . 
  ** consolidated versions of the treaty on european union and the treaty on the functioning of the european union - consolidated version of the treaty on european union - protocols - declarations annexed to the final act of the intergovernmental conference which adopted the treaty of lisbon , signed on 13 december 2007 - tables of equivalences ** http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a12012m%2ftxt edit : also , various different elements of eu institutions do have mission statements , for the record . 
  a brexit would be devastating for ireland , we have a land border with the uk , and the uk is our largest trading partner , our largest group of immigrants are uk citizens , many pre-existing treaties with the uk which may conflict with the eu negotiation process and so on . 
  a brexit will impact ireland most directly and in magnitude as a % of economy ( germany , belgium , france , netherlands will also be disproportionately hurt ) , and if the eu drags it 's heels in resolving ( which is the sentiment from the eu at the moment ) then ireland will be even more heavily damaged by the long drawn out negotiations . 
  i would n't describe it as a cult , but you 're free to do so . 
  uk is our biggest trading partner . 
  we also have existing relationships and treaties pre-dating the eu ( thankfully we have workarounds built into the existing eu treaties that let us continue most of these arrangements ) . 
  ever heard the phrase `` cut your nose to spite your face '' . 
  its when the act of revenge does as much damage to yourself as the person your are exacting revenge against . 
  do n't make a false equivalence between democratically voting for war , and democratically leaving an economic/politcal/social union . 
  its in the best interest of everyone involved to have an amicable seperation but everyone seems hell bent on fueling tensions and exacting some kind of revenge . 
  its not even competition at that point , its just spiteful . 
  its in the eu 's mission to have good relations with neighbouring countries , and the eu 's stance on the brexit seems to be going against that mission . 
  when i say `` commmits '' i do n't mean necessarily that * they * are the ones inflicting it . 
  it is the eu institutions doing it , since there can not be an amicable divorce from the eu , because if someone could leave without repercussions it would encourage the behavior from other eusceptic states which is something the eu really does n't want . 
  i did n't meant to shoot the messenger , i meant `` commit '' as in they are pledging to that route in case of a brexit because they see no alternative due to eu sentiment towards a brexit . 
  i should have made that clearer my apologies . 
  they do n't profit from it , which is why they are opposed to a brexit and they know the eu institutions will drag their feet in getting the ducks in a row post - brexit ( if it happens ) with regards to trade treaties . 
  the thing is , it could be easy and if/when a brexit happens the bdi/cbi will be pushing as hard as they can to get the negotiations fast tracked to a resolution . 
  its a very sour situation . 
  the eu ca n't have an amicable exit , because that could encourage other eurosceptic states to exit or cancel prospective membership in favour of renegotiation . 
  german bdi commits to leaving ireland in limbo for 5-10 years of negotiations in case of a brexit . 
  every time i see rhetoric like this i am more convinced that eu institutions and supporters want to punish them instead of respecting their democratic freedom . 
  which will ultimately fuck ireland aswell . 
  depends on what your objective is . 
  nah the horse cock analogy is just something i personally dabble in . 
  the less hospitable the landscape , the less intelligible the accent . 
  lmao , if you think the there are a lot of western europeans who respond with `` tanned people abort abort '' then you 've grabbed the horse by the wrong end of his cock . 
  you think that people are rascist and blame foreigners on problems . 
  its the other way around , people see a problem ( lack of jobs ) and see immigrants ( `` taking jobs '' ) and then express concern ( no more immigrants ) . 
  if their concern is not alleviated , helped or dealt with the concern will become more extreme as time passes . 
  a perfectly logical , empathetic and loving person will go from not wanting immigrants , to hating immigrants simply because their concerns were not met with a response . 
  now , whether or not that concern deserves a response , and the minefield of other questions is another story . 
  true enough . 
  we 're savages for the drink , but the people who were savaged by drink are out in force . 
  can confirm . 
  most polish people i met are labourers/bouncers/unskilled workers . 
  great bunch of lads though . 
  this is in ireland and theres like 150k poles here or something . 
  however a lot of them are also using our education systems ( as they should ) and now work in very modern industries like it and such . 
  its during an informal moment of the house of commons where they make such jokes and take their jobs less seriously for a short while . 
  i believe the estimate was somewhere between + / -0.8 % gdp in the wake of brexit . 
  it is not ignorant when the suspected range of effect on uk gdp is both positive and negative . 
  my prediction is that the uk 's economy will grow despite the brexit . 
  my point is that a brexit would be conducted in a way to have the least financial and economic impact on the eu and britain , and the euroskeptics will use the lack of damage as a whip to say `` thank god we left the eu '' . 
  there is actually very little economic uncertainty from britain leaving the eu ( edit : provided the eu plays ball with britain in the eu exit negotiations and vice versa ) . 
  there are treaties , clauses and procedures to negotiate an exit , as well as example cases of non-eu members having good trade relations with the eu . 
  my point is that , we are n't due a vust or recession , therefore the likely trend will be growth . 
  governments like to pretend their policies have a positive effect on the economy when in reality commerce , industry and services generally ignores governement while doing what is economically viable . 
  there is very little governments can do to positively affect the economy , but there are many things they cab do to negatively affect it . 
  people inside the eea + switzerland can apply for visa free residency . 
  its not about border controls , but ease of entering . 
  [ here ] ( http://uk.angloinfo.com/moving/residency/eu-nationals-residency/ ), 
  that is fair . 
  i thought the negatives were worthy of consideration . 
  there may also be positives , such as not needing to pander to the uk 's needs when stuff is being proposed and implemented in the eu . 
  i just ca n't think of many positives to be honest .
