  as you are probably know , syria committed to the dismantling of their stockpiles of chemical weapons . 
  we also know they have not complied with this , nor allowed inspectors to enter the country and investigate . 
  we also know the regime used chemical weapons before , that in this situation the gas was dropped using air power . 
  since the only powers in the area that have this capability are either the syrians or the russians , it logically follows that the most likely perpetrators are those that have a motive and capacity to do so . 
  since this is the best information we will get the final call will be made with imperfect information but for me at least it is conclusive enough , especially when taking the wider history of the conflict into consideration . 
  yes , you are right and we will probably never find the smoking gun that definitely concludes the syrian regime is behind this but based on the information available i agree with the american assessment of the situation and the actions that followed from it . 
  edit : changed some phrasing to facilitate discussion . 
  definitely , but the official explanation is pretty shakey . 
  yeah , do n't get me wrong , the precedent it set is n't a good one . 
  on the other hand , it 's hardly the first time , nor is the us the only one to do so . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right but i guess i feel using gas on your own people is such a heinous crime it justifies a response of this nature . 
  so she 's calling for an election because there 's an opposition ? 
  that seems like very shaky logic . 
  it 's probably highly divisive so they 're avoiding a commitment to allow flexibility . 
  of course that also means they come across as indecisive . 
  its a giant mess over there and i have no idea how it plays out in the long term but as much as i do n't like trump i am glad * something * was done against these war criminals that are using chemical weapons on their own civilians . 
  hopefully it 'll act as a deterrent and does n't lead to further involvement but i was incredibly frustrated with no action being taken at all about using frigging gas attacks in the 21st century . 
  everyone with an interest in keeping the fishing grounds communal , so that would at least include the netherlands and apparently spain as well . 
  also i do n't think this is a matter of international law as its true you 'd be well within your rights to demand this . 
  the eu is also free to bring this up during brexit negotiations and is also free to take countermeasures as long as these are legal . 
  in the end this seems like two parties trying to gain an extra bargaining chip in these negotiations and i would estimate the chances of it not being worked out to mutual agreement as very low . 
  fair enough , but hopefully you can also see how it is in the national interest of everyone else to object to this ? 
  you seem to be missing the point that communal fishing in these areas goes back centuries and as such , predates any treaty by the eu or precursor thereof . 
  if the uk were to insist on exclusivity they would be breaking with centuries of tradition so while i understand your point of a country being allowed to extract resources from their territory that 's not the central issue being discussed here . 
  i should probably clarify we feel the administration of the islands is corrupt * compared to how it is in the metropole * . 
  as for knowing people who travel to the islands , sure , we have those too but i do n't see why travelling to a dependency is any different from travelling to an independent island . 
  at the end of the day money flows out of the home country to prop up the dependencies whereas we get very little in return that could n't also be obtained after independence . 
  there 's also a difference between the number of dependencies or colonies france has compared to ours , so there 's a bigger payoff for you for keeping them included . 
  honestly i do n't think there 's a huge difference between the organisation of the dependencies between our countries , it 's just that i feel the costs do not outweigh the benefits . 
  man , i ca n't help reading this as * treaty of tortillas * every time i see it . 
  i would n't know to be honest , like i said they 're hardly ever mentioned in the public debate so we do n't poll a lot on it either . 
  that said i personally do n't know anyone that is as enthusiastic supporter , but i also think most people accept the status quo ... until they 're in the news again , we have a fierce discussion , it fades back again and we continue as always . 
  yet most people would never visit and only hear about it every five to ten years when the news does a report on how corrupt the place is , that they need more money , while we listen to interviews with ` the common man ' about how neo-colonialist we are for daring to ask them to please stop electing corrupt officials . 
  its a good for nothing drain on resources . 
  shots fired . 
  fortunately we have a buffer zone for that so please proceed . 
  geez , so they get all the advantages of citizenship without the responsibilities that go along with it . 
  that seems unfair . 
  i think turkey shows how quickly things can go from promising to depressing . 
  that 's one aspect of the eu i really like . 
  i mean , it 's non-negotiable for any member state : you implement the death penalty , you 're out . 
  i appreciate their commitment to this . 
  would they also still be subject to conscription ? 
  and weird bear for vp !, 
  i mean i get that deploying police is intimidating but to be fair turkey has gone through some pretty bad terror attacks . 
  its another nice coincidence for erdogan . 
  and what if the actual results were for example 80 , 83 , and 87 % ? 
  the vote is n't based on district so it would be beneficial to interfere with polling stations in ` no ' strongholds . 
  what was the reason given for including those unsealed ballots ? 
  well , the south of the usa always came across as people more inclined to join the military . 
  maybe it 's because i associate their republican voting record with the likelihood they 'll serve in the military ( because of extra spending , opposition to gun restrictions , etc ) . 
  this could be completely false but hopefully you 'll see how it 's an easy thing to assume . 
  i also reckon that in general , at least part of the people who join the military will do so because it offers a career and other benefits , which would logically be more appealing to poorer people , and i remember the south in general is poorer . 
  i was not , but i guess it should n't surprise me . 
  thanks for the further elaboration , i used texas as an example specifically because it could be big enough to succeed . 
  as for the legal repercussions : the federal government , like last time ? 
  ah that makes a lot of sense . 
  so they could leave , but only if everyone agrees to it . 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  fair points . 
  personally i feel their support for erdogan mirrors support for wilders . 
  both parts of the electorate are predominantly the lower working class , and both movements are led by strongmen who use nationalist and xenophobic rhetoric . 
  i also feel both groups would support this amendment if it meant their leader could hold power . 
  just my ideas , i could be wrong . 
  what 's ' * fair elections * ' , precious ? 
  on behalf of all western europeans , we 're sorry our turks pushed the ` yes ' camp to victory . 
  i liked that there was a map where someone guessed belgium was holland , the netherlands was sweden , and denmark was the netherlands . 
  we have to be careful though , the us is still burning war exhaustion from their war with iraq and afghanistan . 
  at least we 'd be safe from counterattack by russia as they still have that coalition from the war without casus belli against ukraine . 
  you n'wah !, 
  how does that work though ? 
  if for example texas developed majority support secession , and they held a plebiscite where the ` texit ' vote won , would there really be no way to leave ? 
  from my perspective checks and balances are evil !, 
  exactly , it shows they 're loyal to a person rather than their country . 
  i see someone has been watching last week tonight . 
  it 's treason then . 
  as long as the finns do n't outgrow us we 'll be happy . 
  the ones who voted for a socialist about twenty years before the islamic revolution . 
  yeah , i am reading the thread again and i like what i see !, 
  being on vacation , i ca n't help but tell from a kilometer away if someone is dutch - or should i say hear , as we must surely be the loudest tourists around . 
  i was wondering if you guys could do the same , and what gives it away . 
  edit : thanks everyone , i thoroughly enjoyed all the replies !, 
  yeah , there 's an exam to check whether your skills are equivalent to the local standards . 
  as the other guy said though if you are thinking of moving here with a job that involves physically dealing with patients you 'll need to speak the language . 
  for most other jobs in health care , speaking english would be enough - the lab , it , etc. 
  i work in research and most of my colleagues are foreign . 
  we kinda have to : we make a lot of money from international trade , and nobody is going to take the effort to learn a language at best 20 million people speak . 
  it also helps german , english and dutch are so closely related , i imagine it must similar for an italian learning spanish . 
  there 's also a pretty big stigma on it , and most especially if you have family you will want to work so you can provide for them . 
  that being said , there 's another big part that is usually overlooked . 
  pensions and health care are a way way waaaaaay bigger part of the budget than unemployment benefits will ever be . 
  italians had to get tomatoes from the new world yet made it synonymous with their cuisine . 
  over the last decades we 've incorporated a lot of different meals from a lot of different countries into our diet . 
  it may not be 100 % dutch but stuff like sateh , lasagna and pasta are now so common their localised versions might as well count as part of our cuisine . 
  i like that we just looked around at what the world had to offer and we took the best bits . 
  i ca n't speak for everyone of course , but i 'd say most of us at least know the general history . 
  it 's a little amusing and secretly we 're a bit proud of it . 
  i would n't say there 's any connection to those places though , or at least not in the same way as those places that remained part of the country for much longer . 
  i loved meeting afrikaners in south africa . 
  it was like a part of history had come alive .
