  so they advocated a powerful federal government when it suited their needs and pushed for states rights when it did n't ? 
  seems a lot like the abortion/gun laws debate to me . 
  * parliament but yes , it will be interesting to watch france 's upcoming parliamentary elections . 
  hopefully the electoral pact to keep le pen out can be maintained to make some progress in the reforms france badly needs . 
  it 'd be great if they could find a way to include both major parties in the discussions and maximise support amongst the people . 
  not today buddy , i recommend getting some meds for your blood pressure for all the salt while you still have health insurance !, 
  this does n't magically solve all the problems france is facing but i am glad the centrist candidate has been voted in to try and fix them . 
  thanks you france !, 
  her positions on personal liberties and privacy during her time as home secretary are worrisome though . 
  yeah , and considering the amount of misinformation on the internet it might even be having the opposite effect from what it 's intended to do . 
  the government right now is mostly the same people and they seem pretty eager to leave . 
  * part * of the left , and a small minority at that . 
  the main party on the left was the spd , not the kpd . 
  it would be better to say that the extreme left and most of the right attacked the center-left with the objective to destroy democracy , and in the end it was the right that destroyed it , not the left . 
  i think you 're missing my point . 
  the weimar republic was most strongly defended by the leftist spd , supported by a coalition of other center parties . 
  the right attacked it as much as the left if not more . 
  the main party on the left that wanted to abolish democracy immediately were the communists and they were pretty small for most of their existence and certainly dwarfed ~ ~ much ~ ~ by the much more moderate leftists of the spd . 
  in contrast , almost no right wing party was an enthousiastic supporter of mass suffrage and most wanted to either severely limit it or worse . 
  saying the left caused the weimar republic to fall because the communists did n't support it is n't right . 
  it also does n't do justice to the responsibility of the right and most especially of hitler and supporters of the nsdap of course who were the ones that ended it all . 
  it never escaped the chaos it was born in . 
  after the war , democracy was blamed for losing it ( i.e. 
  the stab-in-the-back legend ) and only few political groups in post-war germany actually wanted a representative government . 
  the left wanted communism , the right wanted either limited democracy at best or a military state at worst . 
  only the spd and a few center parties were committed to make it work but there were too many crises and forces working actively for it 's destruction for parliamentary democracy to survive . 
  and even when they put him in power everyone just expected him to be a front guy while the conservative elites would do the actual governing . 
  the weimar constitution was deeply flawed though , and parliament had been governed by decree for years . 
  it 's super interesting but i am not sure how well it compares to current day politics . 
  to be fair , spd did use the freikorps to put down the spartacus uprising creating a lot of bad blood between the kpd and the spd and neither party expected hitler to develop as he did , that takes hindsight . 
  i think germany has you beat there , right ? 
  iirc they get two years of paid leave but i 'd have to ask a german to confirm . 
  yeah , not bad at all !, 
  i do see the list includes bank holidays so practicaly the difference is smaller than i originally thought . 
  you have a legal minimum of 28 vacation days annually ? 
  not bad !, 
  narrative osmosis , i like it . 
  yeah , culture and individual preference are probably the decisive factors here . 
  in general we 're encouraged to move out early here . 
  you 're right , i thought i was responding in a different thread . 
  edited my post , thanks !, 
  ~ ~ keep in mind this shows the temperature devation from the average , not actual temperatures . ~ ~ ~ ~ what you 're seeing is that northern iceland is much warmer than average , and in southern france the temperature is more or less about the same as average . ~ ~ edit : sorry guys i thought i was responding to a question on [ this post 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6903ja/temperatures_today/dh2njko/ ) map . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  i try to put on sunscreen any time i spend longer than 15 minutes in a 25 + c sun , but even then i sometimes forget . 
  sunburn is worst at night when you 're trying to sleep but you ca n't really move because it 'll hurt and you give off more heat than an oven . 
  your attitude is similar to the one over here . 
  you 're encouraged to live on your own at an early age , even if that means living in a relatively uncomfortable situation with very little spending money . 
  when i moved out for college i got $ 250 from the government and $ 250 from my parents monthly , and had to work or borrow for any additional money . 
  rent was $ 300 for a room , and tuition was $ 125 . 
  yes , you do n't have a lot of money , but i guess it 's just supposed to be that way until your income grows enough to afford more luxuries . 
  mass strikes , for extended periods of time ? 
  unsurprisingly the article you link to is written by a journalist whose top google hits all revolve around her work for russia today . 
  the article itself also seems like shoddy work , with empty phrases and false comparisons everywhere . 
  so he 's a european-style liberal , right-wing economically and center or left on social issues ? 
  well , it 's as i always say : trust is precious in politics . 
  he was also [ spotted in a mcdonalds ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rpdw2xc3mm0/vnc4lovap8i/aaaaaaaauwi/9abi67kpkvg/s1600/willem-alexander%2bat%2bburger%2bking.jpg ) , earning him the nickname the burger king . 
  i used to think the same way . 
  however , having a monarch trained from birth with no political power whatsoever avoids any chance of having a demagogue as head of state . 
  prime ministers come and go , but our head of state is a symbol that hardly generates any controversy . 
  it 's an institution almost everyone can rally around . 
  yet most italians i know are also really proud of their country , the self-deprecating is mostly limited to politics . 
  when it comes to food , nature or culture you guys ( are rightly ! ), 
  usually very positive . 
  i appreciate you took the time to write this . 
  i understand what you 're saying , and its saddening . 
  you guys have suffered long enough , and i had hoped the benefits from joining the union would come faster . 
  do you see any progress in the fight against corruption ? 
  i truly feel it will get better . 
  too many people are feeling the downside of globalisation and i am confident politicians everywhere will get this message or be voted out . 
  i just hope it 's in time . 
  instead of comparing russia to what it was 30 years ago it would be more beneficial to consider where russia could have been today if it had n't been for three decades of corrupt and increasingly authoritarian rule . 
  i 'd be interested to see a chart comparing growth of purchasing power across the former communist states . 
  and i bet their children were not treated equally to those of a farmer or industrial worker . 
  austrian presidential elections , twice . 
  but ... but ... austria , the netherlands and france ... 
  people hate hollande because he said he 'd govern from the left but after the election moved to the center immediately . 
  at least macron is being honest about where he is coming from ideologically speaking . 
  i just hope there 's going to be a french president with a vision for europe again , we need people like that . 
  and then they shot the other foot when fillon did n't step down after the scandals hit the news . 
  i do n't know how he thought he was going to come back from that . 
  then again i also could n't understand why sarkozy thought anyone was waiting for his return so clearly i do n't understand french conservatives . 
  france also speaks proper english which would be against the rules . 
  i thought this was prevented with a law introducing fixed term parliaments though ? 
  iirc this was a law introduced by the coalition . 
  the analogy you use shows you 're missing the point . 
  in using russian gas as in your example it would be as if denmark had been allowed to extract gas from russian land from the 1400s onwards with mutual agreement , not at all like the gas we buy from russia each year . 
  they 're two completely different things . 
  the main reason this analogy does n't hold up though is because gas does n't swim from one country to another . 
  til , i had no idea !, 
  i just wonder why vietnam is included and ireland and finland are n't ? 
  agree to disagree i suppose . 
  you 're both using extreme examples : germany would n't be screwed royally immediately , but adding $ 100 billion in debt even before accounting for lost income due to economic distress in the eurozone is n't nothing . 
  i get where you 're coming from but you 're not helping your argument by saying an increase of debt by 4 % of gdp is nothing . 
  i agree that when considering the consequences greece would be hit much harder but those $ 100 billion euros could also have been spent in germany either to improve the quality of life or for investing and increasing future growth . 
  completely agree with you too , there * should * be an investigation , and the air strikes * should * be done only after authorisation by the security council . 
  countries going at it alone is not a good idea and i opposed the iraq war for exactly this reason . 
  since an investigation requires cooperation by assad and russia however i think this is as much information as we 're going to get and it considering the background i was convinced this was done by assad 's forces and that the response was appropriate considering the severity of the crime . 
  i can definitely understand you not being convinced , again remembering the iraq invasion being based on faulty information . 
  in the end it all comes down to an individual interpretation of the information we have available . 
  we come to different conclusions but i appreciate we could have a good talk about this , it 's too easy for a discussion about a topic this heavy to derail , so thank you !,
