  saying the problem is fixed with education reforms avoids the issue of parents embedding backward values in their children . 
  absolutely , and i am willing to go quite far to help out . 
  however , i do n't think the current rules are the reason for the italy 's economic problems and while i agree that good , targeted investments could help , i do n't trust the italian government to spend the money that way . 
  its too bad renzi 's reforms were so bad . 
  good constitutional reforms could have been the catalyst for economic reforms and investment but with the reforms he proposed i ca n't blame the italians for voting against . 
  but you can see how if italy gets to do this politicians in northern europe but either call it an outrage or invent some overdue investment opportunities in their own countries ? 
  or both , probably . 
  also if i have to be honest i do n't really trust italy 's government to not waste the money . 
  italy has a ton of debt already compared to any other country in europe and looking at the current state of italy 's economy i 'm struggling to see how that was money well spent . 
  especially when countries like spain , portugal and ireland managed to get through it with a lot less subsidies . 
  i 'm all for a prosperous eurozone/eu but the initiative should come from the countries themselves and go further than ` germany is [ expletive ] ' . 
  when do we want it ? 
  t ( s ) = 0 !, 
  yeah i agree on the affair thing in western europe , it was just an example and i 've seen a fair number of articles suggesting wikileaks is pretty pro-russia these days , but as this is not my main point i 'll leave that as is it . 
  my problem is n't in one politician being exposed , i agree that in principle that 's a good thing . 
  my problem is that a self-described neutral and independent outlet is actively not-neutral or independent by exposing one candidate but sitting on evidence which would expose the other . 
  that 's their right , of course , but it does end all pretense of independence or neutrality . 
  i would even agree to your position that some transparency is preferable to no transparency at all , but only as long as the outlet is honest about having an agenda . 
  interesting , thanks for replying !, 
  ok , so let 's say politician a had an affair . 
  politician b murdered someone . 
  hyberbolic examples but they will illustrate my point . 
  hacker x has proof of both politicians ' wrong-doing but as hacker x for any reason wants to get politician b elected he only releases the proof of the affair of politician a which according to you is better than releasing nothing at all . 
  the electorate , however , will correctly think politician a is a scumbag , but also incorrectly assume that politician b is clean and a much better choice even though he murdered someone - if he was n't , hacker x would have proven that right ? 
  now i know you 'll come back with the reply you posted a couple of times saying we should elect fair and honest politicians and yes , technically you 're right . 
  the problem is that we wo n't know who is fair and honest if we ca n't trust the people who expose politicians to do so for both sides . 
  i can also see a comeback along the lines of * `` well yeah but [ liberal website y ] is also totally partisan '' * which is completely true . 
  the problem is that [ liberal website y ] is explicitly partisan whereas wikileaks claimed to be independent with an agenda of transparency . 
  was n't the us testing some sort of designer drug for use in iraq to do just that ? 
  iirc it was a variation on xtc . 
  i remember reading about it because it seemed like such an absurd plan . 
  no one is arguing transparency is a bad thing , or that corrupt officials shouldnt be exposed . 
  the problem is when you have proof of politicians on both sides of the political spectrum doing bad things but you only release proof for one , thereby influencing the election by making one side seem worse than the other . 
  wow , so how does this work ? 
  the difference is in pronunciation , or context , or both ? 
   something something ** freeeedoooooooommmmm **, 
  i guess you 're right - the falklands war is a good demonstration of britain being able to project power across the globe even after suez . 
  the u.s. would also have been on the same page as the uk i think , if there was a crisis between turkey and greece . 
  genuine question , was british power still that relevant at the time that it would have been able to stop the two without wider european/american backing ? 
  they handed over their involvement in the greek civil war to the us after ww2 due to financial troubles and they 'd also gone through the fiasco of the suez-crisis by the time of the turkish invasion of cyprus . 
  ah thats a fair point . 
  i was under the impression that they joined after the invasion of cyprus but i see it was quite a bit before ( 1952 vs 1974 ) . 
  i 'm honestly not sure what this means for my theory . 
  it could be argued that nato prevented the invasion from escalating into a full-scale war between the two but on the other hand it did nothing to stop the invasion . 
  i do n't know , but i think it 's very unrealistic to think this could happen . 
  my point was that there have n't been hostilities between the two since they joined nato i believe , so despite the two countries ' suspicion of each other nato has n't fallen apart thus far and i do n't really see a reason why that would change . 
  well , the problem as it 's been presented by trump and others is that member states should spend 2 % on their defense budget . 
  living in a european member state i do n't really care about the u.s. bases in the gulf states or areas where nato is not active , but spending on the maintenance of those bases is part of the % of us gdp being spent on defense even though it 's not directly related to nato . 
  obviously the u.s. is n't the best example here as they spend enough money to do both , but the point still stands . 
  efficient targeted spending on nato is more desirable to me than a general 2 % budget minimum on defense . 
  i 'm surprised to see schultz beat merkel amongst afd voters , whats the story there ? 
  we 're highly dependent on international trade which has slumped since 2008 due to the recession and euro-crises . 
  pretty strict austerity also did n't help but at least the government finances are in pretty good shape again, 
  to be fair i do n't think it 's been a major problem thus far and these countries are hardly new members . 
  very pleased finland is n't in nato as i am pretty sure they 'd beat us in this ranking . 
  edit : how is the 2 % calculated , anyway ? 
  i mean , sure , the us spends way more than required but most of their military expenditure is n't nato related . 
  i 'd rather see the member states spend 1 % exclusively on nato than 2 % on the military in general . 
  that 's a pretty cool website !, 
  equal pay for equal work , career chances , choices in health care , etc. 
  switzerland did n't even allow women to vote in federal elections until 1971 . 
  i mostly remember his speeches because every time he gives one he sets a new record for the dumbest and most incoherent thing the leader of a world power has ever said . 
  the youtube channel for his show has english subtitles for most of his videos . 
  i was somewhat surprised by the quality !, 
  i mean obviously some jokes get lost in translation but in general it works out pretty well . 
  still , thanks for the discussion !, 
  i love learning about stuff like this . 
  out of curiosity , how is the austro-hungarian empire seen ( if thought about at all ? ), 
  where you live ? 
  like an oppressive overlord , or ? 
  interesting !, 
  any chance you could recommend a title on the history of central/eastern europe between the wars ? 
  maybe czechoslovakia 's history as a relatively autonomous kingdom played a part there ? 
  i reckon they must have had some sort of devolved governmental structure which could have transitioned into the institutions of state after independence which i reckon is something the other newly independent countries could n't fall back on . 
  i suppose it also depends on the age of the monarchy . 
  the uk by the 1930s had a 250-year-old history of constitutional monarchy ( ie since the glorious revolution but it can be argued that conceptually it goes back all the way to the signing of the magna carta ) . 
  italian unification was only completely achieved by 1871 , so a mere 51 years removed from the mussolini 's march on rome . 
  the driving force behind unification was the kingdom of piedmont-sardinia , which itself only introduced a weak constitution after the revolutions of 1848 . 
  i 'd argue that the lack of a democratic tradition in italy facilitated the rise of fascism and that in contrast to the uk , the monarchy in italy was more willing to accept a leader like mussolini who like relatively recent pms like cavour could rule without a ( strong ) parliament . 
  maybe the same could be said for spain although i guess that 's a special case . 
  as for op 's original point - i 'm not so sure . 
  sure , the uk did n't go fascist , nor did the nordic monarchies or those in the benelux , but republics like france , the u.s. or switzerland also did n't go fascist . 
  questo thread donne mir hoofdpijn ... 
  ma parlavo italiano !, 
  edit : dammit , i ended up proving his point  _ <, 
   china 's nationalism seems to be utilised basically as a tool to stabilise the power of the cpc and the state . 
  that 's a very slippery tool though . 
  we 'd also like calais and the surrounding area back please . 
  edit : now that i think about it , we 'd have never let belgium go if it was n't for the threat of war by the french so while we 're at it we 'll also be taking back belgium . 
  do n't forget the russian oligarchs !, 
  i 'm not sure i agree it 's tangential . 
  my point is that the west itself also changes , and that the relationship between russia and the countries that make up the west varied as strategic and political situations changed . 
  i think i would add two words to your original argument : * progressives in * the west have historically always had a problem with russia . . for lack of a better term i am using ` progressives ' here as the term for those who believe in liberal democracy , including conservatives from the mid-19th century onwards . 
  that 's debatable . 
  we were grateful for them for taking out napoleon and hitler * , the austrians were happy to have the russians quell the hungarian uprising of the mid 19th century , etc. 
  historically ( pre-1917 ) russia has been a friend to reactionary regimes in europe - not unlike today . 
  * not looking to get dragged into a debate about who really defeated hitler/napoleon , just that at the very least the russians played a huge role in both, 
  yet most of it 's european vassal states are now members of the eu and nato . 
  there 's so much negativity in this thread ... 
  the uk may be leaving the eu , but culturally speaking it will always be part of europe and i hope they find what they are looking for .
