  people are ( justifiably ! ), 
  more concerned about topics that impact them directly like the retirement age , the labour market and local stuff like gas mining in groningen . 
  if only the workers of the world could unite ... 
  interesting how greece is split between two orthodox churches . 
  are the two churches part of the same organisation , and how does it work in thrace ? 
  is the senior leader of the church of greece ok with people in thrace being under the patriarch of constantinople 's authority ? 
  i 'm not sure but i think diet is a pretty important part of it . 
  maybe genetics as well ? 
  if anyone actually knows i 'd be very interested to learn more !, 
  same here , we 're now moving towards a ban of smoking in lines at theme parks and people complained it did n't go far enough ( and that 's with a pretty strict smoking ban in bars already in place ) . 
  its also expensive as hell these days , i think the price has gone up to about $ 0,40 per cigarette . 
  except hours of sunshine , cuisine , age expectancy ... 
  you 're missing out on a lot of cool people that way . 
  people can quit smoking , my brother did after he proposed to his wife . 
  you mean how one party has its roots in christian democracy and the other in ( classic ) liberalism ? 
  practically if you look at their voting records though there 's not a whole lot of difference between the two parties , especially since there is a clear distinction between the cda and vvd on the hand , and the other christian parties in parliament ( which are themselves different from one another ) on the other . 
  i guess theoretically they come from different backgrounds but the way they give meaning to those backgrounds works out to near-identical platforms . 
  yeah that 's true , but i was still puzzled about why there would be two parties with such overlapping platforms in parliament . 
  very interesting context , thank you for taking the time to write it down !, 
  it 's hard to see how a labour party anywhere could be less left-wing than ours lol !, 
  interesting you make the analogy with the christian democrats and the vvd , at first i did n't understand why you 'd have two almost identical parties in parliament until i remembered we actually have a similar thing going on . 
  so is there any divide on social issues ? 
  i know these can be quite a bit more contentious than in mainland europe , do the parties agree on things like abortion and gay marriage ( i know it was approved by referendum , but did the parties disagree on it ? ), 
  now i 'm confused , so do these two parties have a preferred partner or will they form a coalition with whomever demands fewest concessions ? 
  so with these polls it looks like it 'll be a coalition of ff and fg ? 
  edit : thanks for all the clarification guys , i 've learned these two parties have a history of antagonism and while ideologically similar , they will not go into coalition with each other . 
  could you maybe categorise the parties by political ideologies ? 
  labour is of course pretty clear but what do the other three parties stand for ? 
  i feel like those politicians are stuck . 
  they get the voters they have by taking up extreme positions on islam , i.e they 're all evil , the religion is one of war , etc. 
  this is unfair and ridiculous , and i think their gut everyone knows you ca n't group millions of people by a single trait . 
  those politicians ca n't moderate their positions though as their base responds to them being so extreme . 
  the opposite is also true : excusing the immigrants completely and shushing any critique or discussion of the topic as inherently xenophobic or racist . 
  this all leads to both sides being unable to properly discuss the issue and come up with a solution and instead everyone goes for sound bites that play well with their base . 
  its frustrating as in the end the actual refugees we probably all agree deserve asylum such as political refugees from syria are grouped with economic migrants from nigeria . 
  another two great shows !, 
  this seems to be a common strategy these days , the same happened in the us senate with their health care bill . 
  whelp , that exactly what you described . 
  what a ridiculous thing to suggest !, 
  i mean sure i get that there 's a problem with loads of empty houses that were bought by the ultra wealthy but it 's both unrelated and requisitioning is totally out of proportion . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  are n't all of those connected ? 
  could you send me a link for that ? 
  it seems like an odd call to make !, 
  absolutely agree , but there 's something wrong with the language those immigrants are described with . 
  i 'm sure not by you and certainly not by most in the sub , but when i listen to interviews of le pen or wilders voters , or see their comments in the youtube or t_d subreddits and it makes me feel like the people there see all immigrants , refugee or economic , as worse than cockroaches . 
  personally i would like to see closed borders for anyone not from an actual war zone but i do not believe those wanting to build a better life here are all child rapists from a backward culture . 
  i mean seriously , take a look at those comments under the average ` muslims are bad ' youtube video . 
  last night i was playing a round of battlefield and the chat was talking about what the best way to kill muslims would be . 
  shit has gone way too far . 
   i think he is a deluded commie marxists and i despise him . 
  i 've seen this sentiment voiced so many times and i still do n't know why . 
  is he contemplating the abolition of private property ? 
  from what i 've read his ideology more or less aligns with the post-war , pre-thatcher consensus and that 's hardly marxist or communist . 
  i was going to say this as well . 
  if an employer ca n't find employees for the salary he offers , he is not offering enough . 
  if he ca n't raise the salary offer without going bankrupt then his company has no right to exist . 
  if only those with faith in globalisation could take those without it seriously , and those without faith in globalisation not resort to xenophobic language , i am sure we could come up with a way where everyone is better off in the end . 
  unfortunately on both sides those with extreme positions are heard the most so we end up having a shouting match with no actual progress . 
  long term having a stable secular democratic country in northern africa takes priority , and sending masses of low skilled immigrants to the country will produce instability and even more refugees . 
  that 's incredibly naive . 
  in that case you have my full support sir !, 
  even whiskey ? 
  i feel an exception must be made for irish coffee . 
  ah sure !, 
  i am on mobile right now so linking to it is a little difficult , but you should n't have any problems finding the channels by searching for them in youtube . 
  astronomy : - gresham college , specifically any lecture by caroline crawford - the nasa and jpl channel - fermilab and the van karman ( sp ? ), 
  lecture series have great lectures on physics as well military history : - us army war college has a large number of great lectures by actual generals and such . 
  - gresham college , specifically the lectures by richard evans ( his non-military history lectures are great as well ! ), 
  - the dole institute has great lectures as well ancient ( near east ) history : - the oriental institute these are all channels with lectures , but if that 's not really your thing , the following channels i like because of the production value of their videos which have a wide range of topics : - lemmino ; he started out doing top 10 videos which are a lot better than one might fear what with the buzzfeed vibe coming from that type of video , but more recently he started making 15-20 min documentaries which are awesome . 
  i 'd recommend starting with ` grazed by the apocalypse ' as it 's both very interesting and will give you a good idea of his style . 
  kurtzgezagt and vsauce are two other channels with a similar style but personally i prefer lemmino . 
  hope there 's something in here you 'll like !, 
  yeah i 've been tumbling down this rabbit hole since i saw your link haha , i love quality channels like these !, 
  i am learning a lot today , thank you for sharing as well !, 
  if you would all be the same without religion does n't that support his point that religion equals nationalism ? 
  maybe i 'm misunderstanding you ? 
  that 's a difficult one . 
  on the one hand i agree that you and i were of course not involved in any of the decision making that led us to send troops ( especially since we were both probably too young to even vote in parliamentary elections at the time !, 
  ) , yet it was the dutch state that sent the troops and what else is the state in a free democracy than the political representation of the nation ? 
  so even though we 're not personally involved , we become responsible through the actions of our state . 
  that was a very interesting read , thank you for taking the time to write it !, 
  the person you 're replying to is talking about germany and the holocaust as an example of how really any country can do this . 
  the us and their trail of tears , the germans and the holocaust , the french in algeria , the russians during the soviet era , the dutch in the banda islands of indonesia , pol pot in cambodia , mao in china and the list goes on and on . 
  its a difficult hypothesis to test obviously but i think i agree that it 's historical circumstances rather than any inherent trait of a people that leads to horrible events like these . 
  that 's very interesting and i am inclined to agree . 
  however , i feel like you 're underestimating the impact of nationalism or maybe i 'm overestimating it . 
  the importance of the battle of kosovo for example seems to point more to nationalism rather than religion but i guess most accurately its the unholy alliance of religion * and * nationalism that made these wars so brutal . 
  i was thinking of including wii , but i was n't sure the balkans were even more violent than what happened on the eastern front ( and the holocaust obviously ) . 
  i think he was referring more to the brutality of it all . 
  and the courts agreed that we bear some ( although not full ) responsibility which seems fair . 
  if you 're going to promise civilians a safe refuge you 'd better make damn sure you can deliver . 
  now i know the whole mission was f ` ed up , we were promised support that did n't arrive , it was the bosnian serbs that did the actual murdering , and lord knows we 're far from the only un troops to ever screw up , but we did promise something we ultimately could n't deliver . 
  we should feel shame about not being able to guarantee their safety but pride that our courts have the freedom to hold our government accountable . 
  not a particularly huge fan of serbia up until the fall of milosevic , but it 's unfair to single them out on this . 
  the balkans seems to have something in the water that makes people do terrible things . 
  if i remember correctly the ottomans were brutal in suppressing the bulgarian revolt in the 1870s , the balkan wars were both exceptionally brutal as was of course the break up of yugoslavia . 
  / r/askhistorians by a landslide !, 
  their rules are some of the strictest i 've seen on reddit , and it leads to some very high quality posts . 
  it 's quality over quantity .
