  the history of romans and monotheistic peoples is more troubled , and the jewish revolts and the persecutions of the christians go to show that roman tolerance had its limits . 
  how about the legendary * fall and decline of the roman empire * , by gibbon ? 
   according to gibbon , the roman empire succumbed to barbarian invasions in large part due to the gradual loss of civic virtue among its citizens . 
  [ 10 ] they had become weak , outsourcing their duty to defend their empire to barbarian mercenaries , who then became so numerous and ingrained that they were able to take over the empire . 
  romans , he believed , were unwilling to live a tougher , military lifestyle . 
  ** in addition , gibbon argued that christianity created a belief that a better life existed after death , which fostered an indifference to the present among roman citizens , thus sapping their desire to sacrifice for a larger purpose . 
  he also believed that christianity 's comparative pacifism tended to hamper the traditional roman martial spirit . 
  ** finally , like other enlightenment thinkers and british citizens of the age steeped in institutional anti-catholicism , gibbon held in contempt the middle ages as a priest-ridden , superstitious dark age . 
  it was not until his own era , the `` age of reason , '' with its emphasis on rational thought , it was believed , that human history could resume its progress . 
  [ 11 ] not saying he was necessarily right , but assigning at least some portion of the blame on christianity goes back a long time . 
  diluted ? 
  but yes , 1600 years of human migration to one of the most popular pieces of real estate in europe will have created a melting pot of dna . 
  youre right . 
  i remember reading how almost everyone in europe is related to charlemagne , and a lot of asians to genghis khan . 
  i disagree . 
  the enlargement of the eu in the early 2000s and the nafta treaty changed the economic realities but i feel the frustation about increased globalisation did n't reach the point where it could tip elections until the financial crisis of 2008 . 
  the brexit vote and the election of trump are in my opinion the first results of this change , because while obama was elected and re-elected in 2008 and 2012 , he no longer had a majority in congress after 2010 which was arguably the first post-immediate-stress-because-of-financial-meltdown-election national election in the us , before then he was losing grounds in the states to the tea party and finally , his 2012 electoral victory was a very different one from the victory in 2008 . 
  labour in england has n't been a serious contender for power since at least 2010 . 
  not sure how nhs commitments and overseas aid are relevant here as we 're talking about globalisation and the impact of economic change on elections rather than support for ` humanitarian ' programs . 
  my main point is that globalisation and the crisis have had the effect of ` welfare nationalism ' - less funds available , which is perceived as also having to be shared with more people , the immigrants . 
  this perception is what has led part of the labour/democrat electoral alliance to move to the right - not so much to classic conservatism , but the hybrid we see everywhere , from le pen in france and wilders in the netherlands to farage in the uk and trump in the u.s. edit : actually i do n't think i disagree with you as much as i thought as i agree the left-wing has totally failed in providing an alternative approach to globalisation to the neoliberal one . 
  i do think the nature of globalisation has changed since the late 90s/early 2000s though . 
  which explains the electoral success farage and trump . 
  instinctively i felt there must have been * something * positive , but the [ wiki page ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crusades#legacy ) is depressingly clear one this :  the crusades consolidated the papal leadership of the latin church , reinforcing the link between western christendom , feudalism and militarism manifesting itself in the habituating of the clergy to violence . 
  [ 84 ] this led to the legitimisation of seizing land and possessions from pagans on religious grounds and was debated through to the age of discovery in the 15th and 16th centuries . 
  [ 117 ] in addition the growth of the system of indulgences later was a catalyst for the protestant reformation in the early 16th century . 
  [ 118 ] the crusades also had a role in the creation and institutionalisation of the military and dominican orders as well as the medieval inquisition . 
  [ 119 ] this assertiveness and the behaviour of the crusaders appalled the greeks and muslims providing a lasting barrier between the latin world and both the islamic and orthodox religions . 
  this made the reunification of the christian church impossible and created a perception of the westerners of being both aggressors and losers . 
  [ 84 ] the only positive listed is the rediscovery of ancient texts , but i 'm unsure if these would n't have become available through spain anyway . 
  i suppose that 's fair enough . 
  it 's such a weird idea that someone from flanders would end up being the leader of a crusade , take the richest city in europe , sack it , become it 's king and doom it to eventual ruin . 
  crusading like it 's [ 1099 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_jerusalem_ ( 1099 \\ ) #massacre ), 
  considering the king of the latin kingdom that was set up after the fourth crusade was belgian/flemish , he might actually mean something different than you here ... 
  if that 's the deal can we have belgium and luxembourg back please ? 
  hell , we 'll even leave wallonia to the austrians if that makes it more acceptable !, 
  since russia is the role model , i assume that those referenda will vote en masse to remain french in a fair and transparent election ? 
  but there are alternatives that do n't kill anyone . 
  until it does . 
  how can you not * love * raw fish with onions ? 
  see , it even has a [ nice little flag ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9oxzg3pafbe/vxtj_izrlbi/aaaaaaaacfa/v4du8_lcnjy/s1600/haring.jpg ) !, 
  have you guys gone mad in italy ? 
  clearly the panettone should be the winner !, 
  i noticed the same with italian . 
  it could be because i am not a native speaker but the language seems inherently more nuanced with all the possible verb conjugations . 
  words seem more limited by context too . 
  english not having a formal 2nd person conjugation must also make a difference i think . 
  they can be really [ cool ] ( http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/apartment-building-tower-trees-tour-des-cedres-stefano-boeri-fb.jpg ) , but usually they 're purposely built as cheap as possible as people with a higher income would buy a house rather than live in an apartment building . 
  that 's a little hypocrital , do n't you think ? 
  after having subsidised your farmers for generations and the idiocy that is the regular move to straatsburg by the parliament i 'd say the french complaining about the eu is about as silly as the dutch complaining about it . 
  not in belgium !, 
  personally i do n't agree with the guy and he 's doing his cause harm . 
  i feel we have genuine problems with the integration of our muslims into society as large . 
  in employment and education , but also socially it feels like our society is split in two . 
  while most of them mean well and make an effort to succeed in life , there 's a substantial minority whose morals and ethics do not match with those of the country they live in . 
  what we have is wilders using xenophobic and quasi-racist language to address this problem and discounting * all * muslim minorities as inferior , and opposed to him we have the rest of the political class who use the typical defense of moral relativism to defend the maladaptive minority although over the last 20 years the tone has definitely hardened . 
  add to this the division between people benefiting from globalisation and those who are n't as well as the larger wealth gap and it 's not that easy to see why a populist who is the only one to stand up for the white working - and lower middle classes is doing so well electorally . 
  i 'm not sure how to break this status quo , one which is pretty common in the west , but i feel part of the solution would be a renewal of the social democratic left to come up with a new idea for society that is n't just ` neoliberalism-light ' . 
  where should those disadvantaged by globalisation go if every party from left to right is unwaveringly supportive of globalisation without any obvious counterbalance ? 
  i mean , if i was 50 and i just lost my job to someone in eastern europe or asia i would n't care about how great it is those guys now have a way out of poverty . 
  i want to know what is possible in my future , and offering me a 4 week training course is never going to be enough to have a viable new career . 
  edit : spelling, 
  we 'll have to wish them the best of luck and tell them we look forward to driving on their new german roads . 
  such a nasty man . 
  so 35 % is undecided ? 
  that 's a pretty big number , i hope those undecided voters do n't pull a trump and elect le pen . 
  i completely agree . 
  just like hollande , i think she 's a good person with good intentions , but she should have recognised that a large part of the american electorate hated her guts , justified or not . 
  if she had been a bigger person and had decided not to run , trump would n't have been the winner of the election . 
  in the end , that was the best thing she could have done for the people she wanted to help . 
  that 's pretty depressing at first glance but i 'll reserve judgement until i know what methodology was used here . 
  i 'm finding it very hard to believe this chart means what it looks like it means for my country at least . 
  you 're right !, 
   as fitting as it might sound , the plural of moose is not and has never been meese . 
  and while it is tempting to switch out - oo - for - ee - , the plural of moose is simply moose ( though you may occasionally see or hear the word mooses ) . 
  this confusion is understandable if you consider the word goose , with its plural geese . 
  given that both are animals and that the two words ( in their singular forms ) rhyme with one another , it 's a bit confusing why they do n't share a plural change as well . 
   so why do n't we say meese ? 
   the simple reason is that it 's a loanword . 
  all nouns that are borrowed into english either form their plural with the standard plural ending -- s ( the vast majority ) , retain the plural ending of the donor language ( e.g. 
  phenomena , algae ) , or remain unchanged in the plural . 
  it is also quite possible for the same noun to employ more than one of the above types of plural formation . 
  the word moose has its origin in the native american algonquian language . 
  definitely , and thanks !, 
  first cousin marriage was relatively common in europe and the us until somewhat recently too , by the way . 
  if i remember correctly fdr was married to his cousin . 
  not too many people speaking greek i 'd say , and i also assume most classes are in greek rather than english . 
   you have your facts straight , and yes inbreeding leads to a plethora of genetic defects . 
  that is scientific fact . 
  while this is true , it 's [ not as bad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage#biological_aspects ) as you might think :  in april 2002 , the journal of genetic counseling released a report which estimated the average risk of birth defects in a child born of first cousins at 1.1 -- 2.0 percentage points over an average base risk for non-cousin couples of 3 % , or about the same as that of any woman over age 40 . 
  [ 187 ] in terms of mortality , a 1994 study found a mean excess pre-reproductive mortality rate of 4.4 % , [ 188 ] while another study published in 2009 suggests the rate may be closer to 3.5 % . 
  [ 7 ] put differently , first-cousin marriage entails a similar increased risk of birth defects and mortality as a woman faces when she gives birth at age 41 rather than at 30 . 
  [ 189 ] ** critics argue that banning first-cousin marriages would make as much sense as trying to ban childbearing by older women ** . 
  i still think it 's a bad thing as there * are * complications , both genetically and in the sense it complicates integration into the host country , but to say : * `` inbreeding has been empirically shown to decrease iq and increase rates of mental retardation and many other cognitive and non-cognitive disorders . 
  '' * is neither accurate nor helpful . 
  the article he posted is actually pretty good but i wonder if he read it as it does n't support his thesis at all . 
  in fact , it only says :  consanguineous marriages are associated with an increased risk for congenital malformations and autosomal recessive diseases , with some resultant increased postnatal mortality in the offspring of first cousin couples , but demographic and socioeconomic confounders need to be well controlled . 
  no major adverse associations with reproductive parameters such as miscarriages and fertility have been documented . 
  associations with quantitative traits and complex adult-onset diseases are vague and inconsistent , suggesting the importance of implementing future research in this area . 
  it does n't mention mental retardation at all , nor cognitive disorders .
