  [ in english ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/botijo ) for those interested . 
  found anakin 's reddit account . 
  this is a kickstarter waiting to happen . 
   sterling archer : jesus !, 
  you want to blow us all to shit , sherlock ? 
   [ archer slaps the face of a man attempting to light a cigarette ]  malory archer : sterling !, 
   capt. 
  lammers : for the last time , the excelsior is filled with non-flamable helium !, 
  that 's true , victoria was very fond of leopold especially for like you say finding her the love of her life , prince albert . 
  leopold was in a position to suggest a possible match for victoria in large part due to the role and subsequent popularity he acquired as husband of princess charlotte though . 
  i do n't know if leopold and victoria would ever have met if leopold had n't first become a member of the english society through royal marriage . 
  as for the french troops , yes , that 's true too and the netherlands alone would never have beaten a belgium supported by france . 
  austria , russia , and prussia , however , were very anxious about french territorial ambitions and were only convinced by britain to go along with the treaty of london . 
  the tsar in particular was willing to go to arms , but he was dealing with a polish uprising at the time , but had austria , prussia and russia warned france not to intervene i am not so sure belgium would have ended up as an independent state . 
  i expect it would have truly become a united kingdom of the netherlands , with two equal parts much like in the united kingdom of britain the kingdoms are equal . 
  we actually almost did something like that . 
  crown prince william ii was supposed to marry princess charlotte in the 1810s , and the uk king at the time was very supportive . 
  the princess was n't too charmed of our prince though and ended up marrying leopold , future king of the belgians . 
  it can be argued that british support for belgian independence was based on leopold 's popularity in london after the marriage , so if william ii was a better womaniser ( or allegedly was actually interested in women ) belgium would not have been independent and the netherlands and the uk would be in personal union . 
  that 's unlikely though as charlotte died young , and the proposed union between the two royal houses was deeply unpopular in the netherlands as the democratic faction in our country had very bad memories of the earlier close relationship between the houses of stuart and orange . 
  pence would never have won on his own though . 
  trump 's election shows that the us are not immune to types like berlusconi or putin . 
  he was able to tap into the same anger and frustration with the same bravado - and this time it 's a clown . 
  other people will have watched this election and have seen it as a blueprint , and the next one wo n't be so stupid as someone who calls his travel ban a travel ban despite it still going through the courts . 
  that just makes me more worried . 
  this time it 's only trump , but what if next time they elect a populist who actually has a working brain ? 
  got ta love first past the post ... 
  it would start a migration wave none of us want i think , because in addition to production moving to cheaper labour , cheap labour will be moving to higher paying jobs . 
  we 'll see what poles have to say about this when they start contributing . 
  examples could be increased tax breaks for single income families or restrict subsidies to child day care facilities . 
  sure , theoretically the man could give up his job and stay at home but practically it 'll be the woman , so you 're legally obstructing emancipation . 
  le pen and wilders got more than 4 % but yeah , apologies are n't enough . 
  america needs to take a hard look at itself and figure out how to improve their media culture and educational system . 
  not to say we do n't have major issues too , but at least climate change scepticism is n't one of them . 
  it 'd be hilarious if right after brexit is formalised we get applications from canada , australia and new zealand to join haha . 
  i approve both of those plans , our giant buffs to the navy will make us rule the world !, 
  you fool !, 
  luxembourg is part of the hre/german confederacy , outright annexation would mean war with everyone in central europe !, 
  fully in agreement with the uk pu cb , make the uk dutch again !, 
  no worries , we still have the * restore pu casus belli * on luxembourg so we 'll return their core and get them after the belgians !, 
  does n't luxembourg also have a reconquest cb for the part the belgians got as compensation for the eastern part of limburg ? 
  i 'd recommend an alliance of spain , england and austria to keep france busy while we quickly move in and occupy the war goal ( antwerp ? ), 
  that 's actually not completely true . 
  the earliest flag had an orange stripe on top , yes , but from 1630 onwards this was replaced by red . 
  why it was orange is explained in the other comment here . 
  france is guaranteeing their independence so unless you have prussian space marines i would n't touch it . 
  i 've been encouraged by his repeated remarks that if he fails , le pen will be the next president . 
  he seems to be aware of the heavy responsibility that is now resting on his shoulders , i can only wish him luck . 
  and playing airsoft in the crimea . 
  surely the guys in silicon valley can out-russia the russians if the great meme war begins ? 
  it 's pekin ** g ** , you lithuanian !, 
  this screams * wolfenstein * does n't it ? 
  i love how open and accessible it remains despite all that 's happened over the last 15 years . 
  amuse me , give me some examples ? 
  what 's next , a danish-indian alliance ? 
  can everyone please stop saying waffles ? 
  and that 's if you ignore his call to murder everyone in the first cities to revolt against him which was the trigger for western intervention in the first place . 
  i get that the results of this intervention have been awful but after witnessing massacres in rwanda and the balkans and not acting until it was too late i can see why we got involved earlier in libya . 
  the problem imo was that no one was willing to invest resources and possibly lives in ensuring a good outcome , but considering the problems encountered trying to do so in iraq and afghanistan it 's hard to blame anyone but the people in power in libya . 
  recant this comment . 
  now , heretic !, 
  he 'd best look towards the horizon for any ships from the royal navy as well . 
  i think dutch and english are similar in a sense that they 're languages you can only learn by using them as there very few rules , and the rules that are there have so many exceptions it becomes very hard to get to the level of a native speaker . 
  for example in dutch we still have articles , but honestly i have no idea how one can find out which one to use other than through experience . 
  compared to english our grammar is also very similar . 
  i guess it 'd be easier for an english native speaker to learn dutch than it would be for anyone else but it 'd still be a pretty tough challenge . 
  i hope his plan succeeds but there are no doubt many people eager to see it fail , and i worry about what will happen if macron ca n't deliver . 
  the dutch ` rijk ' must be derived from the same germanic roots . 
  a germany that needs bicycles is not going to end well for us . 
  that 's his point . 
  the uk and the eu could be like nasa and esa where both parties are on very friendly and work together intensively . 
  the uk and the eu could also end up like esa and the csna where there is still cooperation but on a much smaller level . 
  i do n't know man , i get your point but at the end of the day the canadians that liberated us went home and gave us back independence . 
  saying the soviets and the western allies were both evil is n't fair imo . 
  i recognise its not an ideal source but considering the attitudes towards abortions at the time i hardly think there would have been a lot of frivolous abortions . 
  even if i go along with your reasoning and agree extrapolating is somehow better , the numbers so different it 's hard to escape the conclusion . 
  that 's a fair point , and i appreciate you back it up with a source . 
  look at this though :  despite such findings , the americans are still considered to have been relatively disciplined compared to the red army and the french military -- conventional wisdom that gebhardt is hoping to challenge . 
  still , all of the reports compiled by the catholic church in bavaria only add up to a few hundred cases . 
  furthermore , the clergymen often praised the `` very correct and respectable '' behavior of the us troops . 
  their reports make it seem as though sexual abuse committed by the americans was more the exception than the rule . 
   how , then , did the historian arrive at her shocking figure of 190,000 rapes ? 
   ** the total is not the result of deep research in archives across the country . 
  rather , it is an extrapolation . 
  ** gebhardt makes the assumption that 5 percent of the `` war children '' born to unmarried women in west germany and west berlin by the mid-1950s were the product of rape . 
  that makes for a total of 1,900 children of american fathers . 
  gebhardt further assumes that on average , there are 100 incidents of rape for each birth . 
  the result she arrives at is thus 190,000 victims . 
  that seems like a pretty poor way to arrive at a number , but ok , let 's assume it 's factually correct . 
  a single rape is a horrible thing , and i am glad there is research that shows even the mythical american soldiers turned out not be perfect but committed these atrocities . 
  it is still not right to say the us was as bad as the [ soviets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany ) :  the majority of the assaults were committed in the soviet occupation zone ; estimates of the numbers of german women raped by soviet soldiers have ranged up to 2 million . 
  [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] in berlin alone , nearly 100.000 were raped :  at least 100,000 women are believed to have been raped in berlin , based on surging abortion rates in the following months and contemporary hospital reports , [ 10 ] with an estimated 10,000 women dying in the aftermath . 
  [ 14 ] so yes , while the americans did horrible things , the soviets were a lot worse . 
  the peace of brest-litovsk was also hardly a reason to be hopeful for mid - and eastern europe . 
  personally i think that if nicolas ii and wilhelm ii had n't become the monarchs of their countries ( pretty sure neither was originally expected to ? ), 
  europe would have developed very differently . 
  the same here in the netherlands . 
  not that support for completely leaving the eu was ever very high mind you , but now it is almost unheard of . 
  everyone here is talking about reforming the eu somehow but i wonder if they 'll like the further transfer of power macron will soon be suggesting . 
  i believe reforms are required if we do n't want le pen and grillo in power and have referenda on leaving the eu but i wonder if an actual further transfer of power wo n't lead to our own referendum about leaving the eu though .
