  i think i can agree to this , who knows what the troubles would look like if it were to take place today . 
  thanks for the discussion !, 
  that 's a fair point , but even in the troubles there were no beheadings and both sides tried mostly to at least limit civilian casualties , right ? 
  certainly the catholics in ireland did n't bomb concerts in paris and the protestants in ni did n't assassinate the cartoonists . 
  thanks for keeping the discussion civil !, 
  you do n't consider the years passed between the events you listed and the events going on today to be important ? 
  i completely agree that christianity has a dark history as you could continue that list with witch burnings , the index of forbidden books etc , etc , etc , but those things are at least 100 years old . 
  yes and no . 
  i 'd say context is pretty important , as i remember hearing the phrase ` we do n't dislike america , we dislike bush ' a lot , insinuating people were drawing a distinction between those who supported bush and those who did n't . 
  not making german and nazi interchangeable could also help in bringing people who supported the nazis but were n't german in the spotlight . 
  or hindus against muslims in india . 
  his point on the difference in scale still stands , even if it lacks nuance . 
  surely you mean daedalus and icarus , whose story of flying too close to the sun is a pretty appropriate metaphor for brazil apparently biting off more than it could chew ? 
  and of course there 's the fact that not every german was a nazi , or even supported the regime . 
  i think he was referring to them saving other groups too , like gypsies and homosexuals . 
  absolutely , really helpful and their english is great !, 
  maybe in spain . 
  my own experience with romanians come from the it support department our company moved to romania . 
  she wants to meat up eh ? 
  that does n't surprise me at all , we dutch men are irresistible !, 
  we should all be so lucky !, 
  a fabulously corrupt prime minister , who had his main opponent arrested for trumped up charges of sodomy . 
  which not bad actually , compared to the mess turkey is going through . 
  ugh yeah , i hate those guys !, 
  there were also huge waves of italians and from spaniards though , and those by and large turned out to be model citizens . 
  it 's one of the few countries that could actually claim that though . 
  i suppose the ak party like any political party has grassroots it can mobilise relatively quickly . 
  that 'd explain why anti-coup protesters were out in numbers . 
  this is conjecture though , but i feel * a part * of the civilians coming out to stop the coup does not equal * all * the civilians being against the coup . 
  as for the second part , i reckon from the reports of the current purges it 's risky to support any coup , and personally i 'd only take the risk if i knew the coup was performed by a group i support . 
  if i could ever support a coup that is , since there are relatively free elections in turkey after all . 
  look at egypt where they were cheering for the second coup only to end up with a dictator that is equally useless as the one they removed in the first place . 
  and give up the bosphorus ? 
  it seems to me that most turks did n't even know there was a coup to support until it was over . 
  that , and it * still * is n't clear who was behind the coup . 
  that 's worked really well in syria . 
  going through the facebook page for the turkish-dutch people really sobered me up . 
  i have no idea what percentage of the total population they represent but it is disheartening to see that so many people , even those who were born and raised in this country , have positive views on erdogan and his increasingly authoritarian style of government . 
  what does give me hope is that the majority does n't seem motivated by religion but rather by nationalism and erdogans reputation for improving the economy and making turkey relevant again . 
  it could be my own anti-theism overestimating this but i think nationalism is beaten easier than religion in a public debate . 
  not just muslim majority countries went through this though . 
  russia over the last decade for example , most of south america during the cold war , almost every country in africa etc etc. 
  not saying islam is innocent here , but i 'd say the relationship is one of correlation rather than causality . 
  i was always under the impression that authoritarianism was on its way out , but the 21st century seems intent on proving me wrong . 
  it would help if you could back up your claims with numbers and evidence though . 
  no , that 'd be [ us ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/fact-checker/post/euthanasia-in-the-netherlands-rick-santorums-bogus-statistics/2012/02/21/giqajarbsr_blog.html ) . 
  only a third ? 
  you should probably make sure there 's no guy fawkes with access to wildfire if that 's what you want to do ... 
  lol , rekt . 
  get a room you two !, 
  * looks longingly at belgium *, 
  i 've enjoyed the open borders so much !, 
  i do n't think me and my italian girlfriend would be together if the eu was n't around . 
  people always highlight the downsides of open borders , and the upsides are never pointed out . 
  honestly i do n't know . 
  mostly refugees and the bailouts i suppose . 
  can you imagine nothing happening after we had three referenda calling for us to exit the eu ? 
  assuming they 'd win , that is . 
  except that we 've been here before , multiple times . 
  in the weeks before the election , the small parties look like they are going to grow huge . 
  then voters realise that if they vote for a small party , there 's a big chance the biggest party could be from the other side of the political spectrum so they turn to the big ( left or right of ) center parties to make sure they get the prime minister they want . 
  it happened last time and it happened many times before . 
  it will happen again . 
  a * lot * of eu citizens have a very different opinion . 
  had we done this referendum in the netherlands , i do n't know what the results would have been . 
  so the broken countries matter a lot even when small like greece , but the healthy and strong ones do n't ? 
  seems fair and definitely a sign you 're good at making your case !, 
  broken countries like the netherlands , most of the nordics and countries with strong growth like the baltics and poland . 
  yup , doomed . 
  anything else will not be accepted by europe . 
  how 's that ? 
  most people i know spend about 9 hours per day at work , and that includes breaks . 
  almost none work in the weekend . 
  additionally , when one of them * does * have to work overtime , they get paid extra . 
  we also get vacation days , paid sick leave , retirement contributions etc etc etc. 
  i know one person who consistently works more than 10 hours per day and has a six-week work week , but he has a high-up position and definitely does it voluntarily because of the high pay . 
  your comparison is pretty off imo . 
  pretty sure the people of paris and brussels can elaborate on that . 
  they helped shoot down an airplane that carried hundreds of civilians . 
  they 're also at least extending misery for a lot of civilians that had nothing to do with the events in kiev . 
  finally , their state steals from their people , arranges the murder of liberal opposition members and critical press members and so much more . 
  tell me , historically , are states like that a good or a bad influence on the region ? 
  leave it to [ fawlty towers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfl6lu3xqw0 ) to get it right lol . 
  floral friends ? 
  as in dutch - zuster . 
  the fries are n't even that much worse . 
  our mayo though ... * shudders *, 
  and they 'd still be more friendly than the british tabloids . 
  the media is terrible at conveying nuance . 
  so true . 
  it 's weird how true the stereotype is . 
  i mean i love germans , they 're probably the most friendly and helpful people in europe but comedy is just not their thing . 
  yet a lot of the same arguments are being used . 
  something tells me it is impossible stephen hawking wrote a newspaper article about how swedes like to lick balls , yet that is what own eyes are telling me i am looking at . 
  for more reasons than one . 
  to wipe the tears away right ? 
  right ... ? 
  you 're right , i was just about to change it after reading the article on the nos app . 
  not to mention that the history of the dynasty * is filled with questionable people . 
  * edit for clarification : even in republican times , they arranged some dark stuff .
