  that 's fair , although i disagree . 
  paralysis during the 90s led to the prolongation of mass violence in the balkans , and the current deployment in africa is a good thing too i think . 
  rwanda is another good example where deployment of force would 've prevent mass killings . 
  however , rash action did lead to extreme violence in iraq so if it leads to more deliberation before action that 'd be a good thing . 
  i 'm just not sure that never deploying outside the borders does n't create more problems than it solves . 
  that 's not my point . 
  my point is that europe was really divided at those times and i aimed to use these examples to illustrate how difficult it is going to be to deploy a european army when the member states are so divided . 
  so would we or would we not have invaded afghanistan and iraq , established a no-fly zone over libya or the patrols over syria and iraq today ? 
  it is going to be very difficult to deploy for example german troops if germany is in opposition to the use of force , yet without being able to do so you ca n't really speak of a european army as you 're basically left with nato . 
  it 's great in real life , too . 
  there are so many little things going on at the same time , and it makes history feel very relatable . 
  you can spend a whole day in the room where this painting is on display . 
  and it 's a positive painting : no war , no royalty , no religion but normal people having fun , 400 years ago . 
  we have quite a few of those too , and [ averkamp ] ( https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/en/rijksstudio/artists/hendrick-avercamp ) is my personal favourite . 
  in [ this painting ] ( https://www.rijksmuseum.nl/en/collection/sk-a-1718 ) on the lower middle you can see they were already playing some sort of ice hockey in 1608 . 
  i agree , i quite like it . 
  the fourth crusade would n't even have gone to constantinople if there had n't been yet another civil war/succession crisis . 
  personally i feel that as bad as outsiders hurt byzantine development , they were their own worst enemies , also due to the christian sectarianism . 
  let me write that one down somewhere ... 
  speaking personally , there are stories in the news all the time about how no banker was ever jailed for the financial crisis , people like warren buffet repeating he pays less taxes than his house keeper , and wages being stagnant . 
  as most of us are untrained , it seems the playing field is not fair and is tilted towards the rich and the corporations . 
  i 'm not saying any of this is true , but it 's what i read . 
  when someone then comes along and without explanation says that corporations should n't pay any taxes , it seems like an incredibly unfair right wing proposal . 
  working in health care i can think of tons of proposals that are counterintuitive but much fairer . 
  however , i know most people do n't work in health care so were i to make a suggestion on a forum like reddit , i know a single sentence will not gain me a lot of understanding so i 'd elaborate a bit more . 
  by the way , i really appreciate the effort you put in adding links to your post , and even better those links leading to understandable articles !, 
  you may be on the wrong website ... 
  no , it 's because not everyone is a trained economist and to an untrained eye your first post looks like a ridiculous idea . 
  unusually for reddit though you took the time to write a great post to explain your position . 
  had you done so in the first post it would n't have been downvoted . 
  you could already argue that this : * once you have enough money to afford life saving treatments for all that need it , you can start to worry about easing the suffering of those that wont make it . 
  * should already be excluded from health care so contributions could be lower . 
  alternatively it can be argued that extending the quality of life but not curing is a better way to spend money than curing someone with a terrible qol afterwards . 
  i get that you 're talking in a general sense , but what interests me is specifically the area where all the concerns collide , the nitty-gritty part of it . 
  we have a similar system and although i know that this is the best way to go about this problem , i also know there is a big grey area where the individuals on the board have to decide . 
  additionally , it does gives some sort of framework , but the rules are by definition ( how much qol/qaly is enough ? ), 
  subjective and their implementation can lead to a large number of different outcomes , some fair , some unfair . 
  i do like that the board setting these rules is as inclusive as possible , having representatives from patient groups , physicians , ethics experts and even economists i think . 
  definitely . 
  i work in the pharmaceutical industry , and it is my opinion that all drug research should be done by a public bureau . 
  maybe some un agency where every member state pays 0,5 % of gdp into , and then all results are patent-free . 
  before the free-market crowd comes along , ( 1 ) most drugs already originate from the public centres - universities . 
  ( 2 ) the market creates a lot of overcapacity for profitable diseases ( who needs 6 different statins ? ), 
  which then have to be sold through morally dubious marketing , and ( 3 ) leaves a lot to be desired for those diseases with limited profitability ( aids , genetic disorders ) which now need public funding through charities anyway . 
  i get that it 's a costly business , but by scaling to an world-wide level ( we 're basically genetically similar enough that meds would work , no matter your background ) development costs should go down , asking for a % of gdp makes sure countries pay their fair share , and new meds having no patents means cheap prices and ensures availability . 
  really happy i do n't have to make these decisions . 
  here in the netherlands we had a discussion on how beneficial a drug must be to be worth a certain price . 
  for example , if a cancer drug costs $ 100k/year , and does n't cure anyone , but does improve quality of life for a year , or even two years , is that a justifiable expense ? 
  what if saying yes to that means foregoing other expenses in health care ? 
  it 's really really difficult , and like i said , i 'm glad i do n't have to make the choice . 
  i 'm 100 % convinced my answers would change based on how applicable the problem is to my personal situation . 
  dad sick but we can give him an extra two good years ? 
  yes of course we have to give it , without reservations !, 
  what are we , barbarians ? 
  random guy on the other side of the country has the same problem ? 
  well , the health care system is really expensive already and we have to draw the line somewhere , right ? 
  it makes me a major hypocrite , but i ca n't really help it !, 
  haha , yeah you do !, 
  one final question for you if that 's ok - when you think about greece , do you take the full history into consideration ? 
  that 's a bit abstract so let me explain what i mean : being from the netherlands , my country 's history is quite a bit shorter than yours , and the furthest we can go back and still find a recognisably dutch culture is probably the 1400s . 
  however , culturally and in politics it 's possible to find references to the golden age of the 1600s , imperialism and a bit more , however , i think there 's a general feeling that currently relevant history did n't start until ww2 . 
  how does this work for greeks ? 
  do you feel your country 's history started at independence from the ottomans , or are the greek city states and the byzantine empire just as much part of ` greece 's ' history , with ` greece ' being defined as the current state for the greek nation ? 
  that 's really interesting , thanks !, 
  so when you 're meeting a pontic speaker , you 'd be hearing the greek very similar ( or rather , even more similar , if i understood you correctly ) to what the byzantines would 've been speaking ? 
  and to be able to read the sources directly !, 
  i 'm jealous haha , you have a very rich and ancient language !, 
  the girl that took gold the last [ time ] had the best performance of all earlier speeds . 
  loved the exercise , thank you very much for ancient-greeking the text up for me . 
  not really sure how i should translate '' * \u1f25\u03c4\u03b9\u03c2 * '' though . 
  it must come from \u03b5\u1f30\u03bc\u03af , but for the life of me i ca n't figure out the conjugation it 's in . 
  outof curiousity , are all greeks able to do what you just did - take modern greek , make some adjustments and turn it into ancient greek ? 
  and how well is the average greek able to read ancient and koine greek ? 
  fascinating stuff , i wish i practised a bit more regularly because translating that single sentence took me almost an hour ... 
  had hoped this would help understand , am disappointed . 
  guy status confirmed !, 
  do you also not go back to the first store you went to , after having shopped for 2 hours straight , to pick up that shirt we both knew you were going to get all along ? 
  yeah , us in the low countries know all about that . 
  neutrality lasts only as long as it is beneficial to both warring parties . 
  clown gladiators sounds like an event i could love . 
  pretty sure this is true everywhere ... 
  * right , as the world goes , is only in question between equals in power , while the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must . 
  * now pay back those loans !, 
  this was really interesting thanks for sharing !, 
  going to leave [ this ] ( http://griotmag.com/en/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/griot-magazine-peter-norman-white-man-in-that-photo-black-power-salute.jpg ) here . 
  is it really true the sanctions were so effective ? 
  i thought russia 's economy tanking was related more to the sharp decline in oil price , and russia 's dependence on oil . 
  and yet we still beat him to gain independence !, 
  i imagine his priests were spanish ( he was a spaniard after all ) , italian to women because well , it 's italian and the language just works for that , french because it was the language of the aristocracy for hundreds of years , german . . well , i think that was just a joke on his part . 
  that 's really good !, 
  i like this !, 
  it reminds me of this quote from charles v , holy roman emperor : * i speak spanish to god , italian to women , french to men , and german to my horse . 
  i am also guessing that being able to speak at least a little mandarin would be a very welcome surprise and might give you and edge over competitors , especially in a place that is as dependent on personal meetings as china . 
  you seem sure about that . 
  see : johnson , boris, 
  definitely . 
  at least the dorne scenes were usually pretty short , those with arya could take forever , and it would still just be a tiny variation of something they also showed the week before . 
  all the other story lines were great last season though , so i 'm looking forward to the new season !, 
  i 'm just glad the train wreck that was arya 's story is finally over . 
  no story line made me want to skip ahead as much as that one .
