not sure the supreme court agrees with you there . 
  the financial crisis hit them particularly hard , too . 
  he did n't have a lot of choice tbh . 
  luxembourg maybe ? 
  the one for [ france ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03060/depardieu_3060378b.jpg ) is not 100 % correct ... 
  we have n't seen wilders in power for a decade at the head of a party that has had 76/150 seats in parliament . 
  not saying wilders would do the exact same stuff , but a monopoly on power corrupts and wilder is definitely someone who also leans towards authoritarianism . 
  true , the furthest south i 've been was napoli . 
  other than the cars looking like there 's a daily demolition derby it did n't seem that different from the cities and towns of romagna or lazio though . 
  weird that the median wage in belgium would be higher than that of the netherlands !, 
  this looks exactly like the development map of eu4 . 
  finally an invasion of norway will pay off !, 
  i visit both italy and belgium frequently , i am not too surprised they 're on the same level ppp-wise . 
  not sure if you 're trying to say mussels or muscles . 
  i suppose both are valid though !, 
  it 's average , not median . 
  i find this believable as there must a large number of very wealthy people in a city like istanbul . 
  could it be that average household spending power is higher in ( western ) europe due to a higher participation of women in the workforce ? 
  the numbers you list as a fraction of you total income do n't sound so different to my own situation . 
  i get your point and agreed with you so far , but this is a flawed argument . 
  surely italians were better than the japanese in wwii . 
  i love that this is asked by a pole, 
  why did you have to drag us not going to the ec into this ? 
  oedipus much ? 
   on 9 october 1784 , as a letter to benjamin franklin asserts , the war seemed inevitable . 
  that day the dutch ship the dolfijn was sent out to intercept the imperial ships . 
  after only one shot , which hit a kettle , le louis surrendered . 
  haha no , it was absolutely silly . 
  but there was definitely tension over the future of the scheldt . 
  i 'm glad they are stepping in in time . 
  people in cities like barcelona hate how it has developed , and rent is expensive enough already . 
  no need to drive prices up by the renting out of apartments at lucrative prices to tourists . 
  it should n't be banned , but it should be regulated . 
  actually , we 've historically been very friendly with germans , especially in the time of the holy roman empire . 
  our natural enemies were the french on land for control over belgium and the english on the seas and as competitors in the colonial race . 
  germany and the netherlands got along well enough for the germans to respect neutrality in the first world war ( and having a neutral maritime country next door was considered useful ) . 
  in 1784 we even ( briefly ) went to war with austria over this . 
  it 's called the ' [ kettle war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kettle_war ) ' . 
  you forgetting the great depression ? 
  so why would you ever join the netherlands ? 
  i was n't referring to the socio-economic difference between the two regions in belgium although i guess i could 've made that clearer . 
  i meant that i feel that although we have the same language , flanders and the netherlands have grown apart culturally , and adding flanders as an autonomous state to the netherlands would mean introducing the same type of federalism structure which is the whole reason flanders would be leaving belgium in the first place . 
  this thread makes me feel like i 'm tumbling down a rabbit hole . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  there 's just no way there 's a cartel protecting maple syrup reserves with the help of the mounties . 
  this could be the plot of a children 's book lol . 
  it would 've been great if they 'd given it more publicity . 
  i do n't think anyone i know knew that this was a thing . 
  the only thing that would make this post more canadian would be for you to apologise for the cartel . 
  to be fair there 's no serbia or croatia to meddle in your affairs and there are n't a lot wallonian enclaves in flanders or the reverse . 
  and paella !, 
  william i figured he was relatively safe in belgium as there would be no way that liberals and the catholics would ever team up . 
  of course , then he started pushing for religious freedom , dutchification and ruled like an autocrat without much regard for constitutionalism , which ended up creating an alliance between exactly those two groups . 
  if i 'm not mistaken shortly after the revolution this agreement ended and the two ended up bitter enemies again . 
  with that construction you 'd probably end up being our walloni\u00eb ... 
  interesting , thanks for the link . 
  to be fair , the same question could be asked about the american ones , i remember reading somewhere that some icbms are still operated with very old machinery and software . 
  let 's hope no-one will ever need them . 
  yup , we agree . 
  that 's encouraging !, 
  honestly if i did n't know what country we were talking about what you wrote could be true for a lot of european countries . 
  discontent with the government , low turnouts ... could be anywhere . 
  the important part is that there are genuinely free and fair elections and i 'm glad that seems to be working out !, 
  i 'm even more thrilled to hear there 's been progress on human rights , i 'm impressed with what has happened in a relatively short time !, 
  they have a lot more nukes than anyone but the u.s. , which is why i imagine they 're a bigger issue that they otherwise would 've been . 
  there 's also the large network of client states and historical rivalry . 
  that , and gay marriage would lead to people marrying their dogs of course . 
  how are things in georgia , anyway ? 
  last time you guys were in the news here was a long time ago , when that billionaire was elected pm . 
  do you feel there 's been progress ? 
  georgians ? 
  true , but i would n't assume this is common knowledge . 
  perhaps it 's because russia 's involvement is more surprising than turkey 's ? 
  the sassanid-byzantine war of the early 7th century is probably my favourite topic in all of history . 
  it 's just so epic !, 
  first the sassanids look like they 're going to outright conquer all of the byzantine empire , but then the byzantines stage an all-or-nothing attack at the heartland of the sassanids - while constantinople was under siege . 
  after 25 years the war is finally over and the byzantines achieve total victory , only for all their gains to be swept away by a force no-one saw coming : the early islamic conquests that completely wiped the sassanids from the map , led to the loss of the byzantine 's two richest provinces , egypt and syria , and would lead to the near extinction of the ancient religion of zoroastrianism . 
  such a fascinating period . 
  and for tall people , it 's what hell must be like . 
  i 'd rather pay 20 euros extra and fly so i can be in hell for 2 instead of 8 hours . 
  japan ? 
  it 's also really , really rare . 
  we will miss fighting [ with you ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/capture_of_gibraltar ) , although honestly both our navies are shadows of their former glories . 
  gay marriage is not allowed in a large number of european countries though , and not every afghani refugee is an islamist . 
  those that are obviously have no place here , but there 's work to do at home , too . 
  i guess on the flip side they did n't live under the taliban either . 
  on the flip-flip side , the last 15 years have also not been sunshine and roses . 
  where did i say outside political forces had no impact on byzantine history ? 
  the normans adversely impacted the empire 's chances , as did the venetians and some popes . 
  my point is that unless there was a succession crisis or civil war , a strong emperor with a stable dynasty could pull the empire back from the brink . 
  unfortunately for the empire , which believe it or not is one of my favourite topics in history , as the centuries went on , in-fighting became more common and more destructive and i do n't see how you could not agree that infighting did more damage than western outsiders . 
  finally , i am not sure what struggle between the flemish and walloons you 're referring to at the time of the hre which i guess is what you 're referring to with the ` king of the germans ' , but even if true it inserts a complex ethnological struggle which would be completely irrelevant to later byzantine history . 
  i get that you 're angry on the byzantine empire collapsing , but i am not sure the west deserves nearly as much blame as the in-fighting and rise of the ottomans do . 
  nope , but if the byzantines had n't spent most of their energies for the majority of their history fighting themselves in civil wars those latin mercenaries would n't have been necessary in the first place , and it is doubtful the sack of the 4th crusade could even have taken place . 
  geez , i see what you 're doing , but your style is thoroughly off-putting . 
  adrian goldsworthy has a very accessible style of writing and wrote a book on the fall of the west . 
  i recommend it if you 're interested in the era !, 
  ** triggered ** patatteke !, 
  hey wacht , er komen brazilianen naar / r/europe ? 
  it will have to be .
