  and do n't bite nails . 
  it was n't until i saw that movie that i realised the opening of one of the naked gun movies was based on the stairs scene , i was impressed . 
  the sub was afraid that if their comics were posted everywhere , new people who were n't familiar with the sub 's background would flood out the existing community . 
  now that the sub has matured i guess they 're not concerned anymore . 
  and sure you could use an alt to get away with posting a comic but i think it was more of a signal , and the hassle of having to use an alt already prevented a lot of posting i think . 
  sure , at the time it was czechoslovakia . 
  and while they were n't a constituent part of the su , it 's not like they were truly independent ... 
  ah could be , i played it safe and avoided posting/linking to any content from there . 
  glad to see another enthusiast here though !, 
  last time they tried that the reactions were mixed . 
  the sub changed the rules . 
  previously you 'd be banned for posting polandball comics on other subs but now it 's allowed . 
  the czech republic being behind the iron curtain is enough to explain it right ? 
  i dont know man , is it ? 
  wait what were we talking about ? 
  someone open a kickstarter page , it 's high time we start draining some sea again !, 
  it 's reddit dude , there 'll always be people like that . 
  do n't think for a second us here and europeans in general are n't still appreciative of our uk buddies !, 
  no we do n't . 
  brexiteers might be unpopular but that 's hardly surprising on a sub called ` europe ' . 
  personally i love the uk and i 've seen tons of people share that sentiment here . 
  i figured as much . 
  expecting ireland to join the uk is such a stupid suggestion he was either sarcastic or trolling . 
  since he denied the former it must be the latter . 
  you still have a magnificent city though . 
  the only issue i had that impacted my enjoyment of living there for a while was garbage collection . 
  no idea what was going on there but if the weather is warm it is not a good idea to leave heaps of garbage on the streets for days . 
  other than that i love your city !, 
  how is she doing anyway ? 
  last time i was there she just decided to cancel the bid for the olympic games which kind of made sense to me , but reactions to it were pretty mixed . 
  is she proving to be a capable administrator ? 
  a wilders win would have seem the other parties form a government , much like is happening now . 
  the problem in italy seems to be that nobody who might agree to go into coalition will have a majority which is different than the situation would have been over here . 
  i 'll leave that one for the irish redditors to answer . 
  it 's because poland has been independent for a much shorter period of time , so to get where they are today in such a short time for me at least definitely makes it a success story . 
  the fact he uses the word ` secular ' correctly only two words later really should have made that clear . 
  they were influencing italian politics at the very least and it would n't surprise me one bit if they supported christian democratic parties elsewhere as well . 
  / s , surely ? 
  in dutch , ` poort ' means ` gate ' . 
  or ore . 
  we will never agree to eurobonds without very deep reforms , and implementing the reforms that would make this tolerable would strengthen eurosceptics everywhere as it would necessarily involve signing away crucial powers over finance . 
  i do n't see this happening for at least another 25 years . 
  nice try , but you lost this one buddy . 
   netherlands - a lot of jehova 's witnesses , reformed church thing or protestants come from there to spread their religion here . 
  you 're kidding !, 
  at least that explains where they all disappeared off to , i have n't seen a missionary in ages . 
  somehow your anecdote about the guards being chatty is heartening !, 
  i 'm just worried that the regime falls during this us administration . 
  it 'll take the us , china , russia and japan all working together which is something i have some concerns about . 
  its hard to see how it could get worse than this though . 
  i hope you 're right , and i hope the end of this regime is handled well by all parties , foreign and domestic . 
  i wish i had a good answer for you on that , but it 's difficult . 
  i just wanted to point there must be more than just those two options . 
  perhaps increasing pressure on china , or initiatives to increase global awareness of just how terrible this regime is . 
  if i speak for my country 's media nk is only in the news when they launch ( or fail to ) a missile or perform a nuclear test . 
  maybe more sanctions , or increased espionage ? 
  * anything * between war and helplessly ignoring the suffering of people who have it as bad as anyone in a ww2 concentration camp . 
  why is everything always either black or white on this website ? 
  there must be more options than either doing nothing or invading the country . 
  i know it 's just a joke , but the death camps in the dprk should be a source of shame for humanity as a whole . 
  i feel that by joking about him we do n't do justice to the horrible , horrible things happening in north korea . 
  sorry dude , do n't want to be a party pooper but i just finished a guardian article on what actually happens there and i feel pretty ashamed we let him get away with it . 
  there 's a reason mansa musa is included in the civilization games ... 
  i 'm not so sure thats true though :  in 133 bc the last attalid king bequeathed his kingdom to the roman republic , and western and central anatolia came under roman control , but hellenistic culture remained predominant . 
  further annexations by rome , in particular of the kingdom of pontus by pompey , brought all of anatolia under roman control , except for the eastern frontier with the parthian empire , which remained unstable for centuries , causing a series of wars , culminating in the roman-parthian wars . 
  after pompey finished the last mithradatic war there was indeed still a pontic kingdom but this was a client state . 
  it was n't formally annexed until nero but i would argue anatolia can be considered to be under roman control in the republic . 
  there 's a user below that argues egypt could also be seen as a client kingdom even before the formal annexation by augustus but as it still took roman arms to subdue a civil war i 'll leave that one open to debate . 
  tl ; dr i think the original argument that most of the growth took place in the ( late ) republic is the correct one . 
  would n't anatolia have been considered to be under roman control after the last mithradatic war ? 
  i also think the southern levant was controlled through client kingdoms . 
  so that 's britain , inner spain and egypt ? 
  probably parts of the balkan as well ? 
  other than that i 'm reasonably sure it was under roman control in republican times already , although areas like the eastern mediterranean and gaul were added near the very end of the republic . 
   almost 30 years ago , the new york times nodded to a curious trend that many older english folks were growing concerned about . 
  one of the most quintessentially british pastimes was losing its luster , largely because it was falling out of favor with younger people who had n't the time -- or really the interest -- to prolong the tradition . 
  `` we 're a graying bunch , we tea drinkers , i 'm afraid , '' derek cooper , a well-known british food writer in his 60s , told the newspaper . 
  [ the slow death of the most british thing there is ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/05/04/why-the-british-are-drinking-coffee-instead-of-tea/?utm_term=.a950daa2a8ef ), 
  those stds are treated very easily with some polonium i hear . 
  haha yeah , i love it when stuff like this happens . 
  it 's great we try to learn and speak the local language , this is just a funny side effect . 
  which is amusing as i think in german it means ` barking ' ( like a dog ) . 
  since if we do n't know the word for something in german , we try pronouncing the dutch word with a german accent this word in particular has had some funny results . 
  so i take it corsica will soon be independent because some people who live there are unhappy with the current situation ? 
  because we all know being logically inconsistent is a trait found exclusively in centrist politicians ... 
  only one important fact from this chart : you win this round finland , i hope you 're happy about it . 
  i was sure you were being harsh so i decided to take a look myself but yeah , this is a pretty shitty read . 
  low turnout helped the pvv . 
  the area used to vote socialist or christian democrats before , and while the christian democrats recovered somewhat , the socialist party collapsed . 
  my personal theory is that they get nothing done but are an acceptable party - so voting for them does n't send a signal the way that a vote on the pvv does . 
  haha yeah , i 'm from the region originally and maastricht and the surrounding countryside do not get along . 
  why do people have to be 100 % left or right ? 
  i appreciate both their economic and social policies . 
  op must have confused the colours between the sp and the cda . 
  are you kidding ? 
  germany has n't been at war for ages , their manpower must be full !, 
  as soon as the regency council is over , germany is ready to go . 
  they have just been very lucky the regency council had such good stats . 
  do n't worry , all germany needs to do is bring maintenance back up . 
  i think they 'd be more effective if they were using tangerines , at least giving those for sinterklaas is a tradition .
