  is n't it when everyone is so drunk they finally start doing the polonaise ? 
  ( and thank you  ) does it have a literal meaning ? 
  but i found this in italy . 
  surely it is n't the law there that all text must appear in portuguese too ? 
  what would be that word , i 'd like having a word for that !, 
  i 'd never have known about this if it had n't been for this link . 
  that 's really interesting !, 
  was there any benefit to the prussians ? 
  scotland yard , and it 's great !, 
  haha yes , i do n't know why . 
  it was the same with all those ` what country x thinks of europe ' threads from a couple of weeks ago . 
  this one seemed so odd though !, 
  hell no , take their beer !, 
  and then turn around and head for belgium because we realised we invaded the wrong country . 
  there 's a difference between patriotism ( which i define as a pride or love for ones country ) and nationalism ( thinking your country is better ) . 
  i think the first is fine , the second is dangerous . 
  it 's making a comeback though with the current crisis of cultural relativism , and while that crisis needs a solution , i really hope that solution is n't nationalism . 
  nice try buddy !, 
  inb4 `` the left wing left europe open to immigration and threw open the door to the corruption of western values by embracing multiculturalism '' . 
  never mind that the left hardly if ever ruled alone , especially in countries with sizable minorities , and it were usually right wing parties who invited those migrants as a source of cheap labour without any real plans to integrate them because honestly it was a pretty new concept in the culturally homogeneous countries of western europe . 
  u.s.a. u.s.a. u.s.a u.s.a, 
  you 'd be the junior partner though , are you really up for an invasion of kebab so that jaws can create the kingdom of heaven ? 
  tl ; dr more moderate pm davuto\u011flu resigns after erdogan has his powers stripped by proxy . 
  from the article :  `` the two differed over the pre-trial imprisonment of academics and journalists , which davuto\u011flu opposed , and over the possibility of the resumption of a peace process with the kurdish rebels , which erdo\u011fan ruled out . '', 
   `` the appointment of a potentially more pliant prime minister would allow erdo\u011fan to further consolidate his powers as he seeks to win backing for controversial constitutional changes to give turkey a stronger presidency . '', 
   `` it shows how much power has been massed in one person 's hands , '' he said , adding that erdo\u011fan was now exercising more control than anyone in turkey 's modern democratic history . '', 
  i 'm sure even the most red-blooded american can not defend bud lite ... 
  yeah , this 'll end well . 
  or sicily and parts of iberia !, 
  you mean [ the eastern netherlands ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii ) ? 
  at least we could finally decide to stop moving the parliament to straatsburg , right before we cancel the union . 
  ** of the uss enterprise **, 
  they were colliding with the security apparatus so well they murdered one of their journalists . 
  seriously the mods here need to step up their game . 
  this whole sub is infested by putinbots and trolls from td . 
  it does n't even support his claim . 
  the article is sensationalist and blows up a diplomatic row over the arrest of a diplomat to ` almost being at war ' . 
  heh , suck it finland !, 
  maybe this is a matter of flanders vs wallonia ? 
  i could certainly see wallonia being anglophobe , but i reckon support for the uk in flanders must be similar to support in the netherlands . 
  you 're trying to be snappy but i do n't think anyone will disagree with you . 
  if britain fulfills their end of the bargain i do n't see why the eu should n't do the same . 
  for sure , it looks a little sci-fi to me . 
  or you 've become better at completing iq tests . 
  thank you !, 
  absolutely , but i do n't remember claiming the dutch empire was a force for good . 
  i 'm not sure how this is relevant . 
  if you 're going to troll you should at least be good at it . 
  that 's some very selective memory you got there . 
  the empire was already in existence before the abolitionist movement got underway , and those ideals were n't really something the british government pushed for until after it was clear they would have to dismantle their empire . 
  sure the empire did good things too , but like most things in life it 's a mixed bag of positives and negatives . 
  those newspapers make it sound like they just got independence from something like the soviet union or the third reich . 
  i 'm not so sure , ferrari seems to be seconds faster . 
  it 'll be a good fight this year !, 
  interesting , i 'll see that one and counterpredict that verstappen beats r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen by one point . 
  8 months, 
  ah really ? 
  smart/sneaky/both !, 
  what bureaucrat would that be ? 
  because everyone with the authority to make such a decision is either put there after an election ( e.g. 
  eps ) or appointed by democratically elected officials ( like the commission ) . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  looking forward to visiting again next month though !, 
  because [ this ] ( http://www.markfile.com/images/switzerland/alps9.jpg ) is what people ( or at least i ) think of when someone mentions switzerland and even with the best possible way of looking at it that 's not really what the ardennes are like . 
  my dad always said you buy an italian car for its looks and not for its engineering . 
  not sure about the engineering part but i absolutely agree italian cars are beautiful . 
  lol , i like the ardennes a lot but saying they 're like a lesser known switzerland is going a bit far . 
  i 'd actually cheer for that because it would take a very interesting championship to get us there !, 
  that 's weird , i think one of those eu directives everyone loves to hate bans the use of a product name if that product is n't actually produced in the area it 's famous for , like champagne , parma ham and i thought feta . 
  maybe it does n't apply to exports ? 
  edit : it only applies to trade inside the eu and those countries that agreed to it by signing a free trade treaty that requires it . 
  we 'll get you some day , slippery suomi !, 
  you guys have a large shipping industry right ? 
  and it 's not ` just food ' , i love my greek olive oil and actual feta cheese !, 
  not every country needs to be a producer , there are lots of other ways to make money . 
  tourism , for example ? 
  that reminds me of something i once read about the roman empire . 
  if i remembered correctly there was a gate that could only be closed if there was n't any war going on anywhere in the empire , and the gate was only closed for a couple of years from the very early days of the city state to the eventual fall of the empire . 
  edit : so i was interested enough to read up on it , and it seems i was referring the [ temple of janus ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/temple_of_janus_\\ ( roman_forum \\ ) ) :  in ancient rome , the main temple of janus stood in the roman forum near the argiletum . 
  it had doors on both ends , and inside was a statue of janus , the two-faced god of boundaries . 
  the temple doors ( the `` gates of janus '' ) were closed in times of peace and opened in times of war . 
  [ ... ]  during numa 's reign , the gates of the temple of janus were closed and rome remained at peace . 
  the next king , tullus hostilius , opened the gates of janus when he went to war with alba longa . 
  the gates of janus remained open for the next 400 years until after the first punic war when t. manlius torquatus closed the gates of janus in 235 bc . 
  this closure lasted about eight years . 
  war with the gauls in northern italy forced the gates of janus to reopen . 
  they did not close again until 29 bc , following the deaths of antony and cleopatra . 
  it goes on for a bit more , if you 're interested i 'd definitely recommend reading the article . 
  damn you , finland !, 
   damn , 1974 ; we destroyed your team harder than we destroyed rotterdam . 
  haha damn dude , that 's pretty dark . 
  yeah i 've heard this before but i have no idea why . 
  it seems so counterintuitive , water is water right ? 
  or front , if you 're a woman . 
  i was supersceptical when i first saw one but after having used it i think i can say it 's what i miss most from my italian days . 
  forget the food or the sunshine , walking around with a clean behind is the best . 
  ugh , then it would be warm piss too . 
  ca n't we change the scenario to being lost in an arctic expedition ? 
  i 'm pretty sure my urine would taste much better if it 's cooled . 
  although i guess there 'd be snow around which i 'd much rather start eating .
