  if i remember my genetics classes correctly these issues are a concern with incest ( as in , the nuclear family ) but i hope the guy is n't claiming refugees are incestuous and is instead referring to the more common marriages with first cousins . 
  meese ? 
  surely the media would recognise the deceit ? 
  make greece byzantium again !, 
  you can extrapolate from his actions earlier in life to get an idea of what kind of a guy he is , and when i combine that with his campaign rhetoric i get worried . 
  still , we should wait until he has actual power before judging him . 
  i like the analogy which compares work to donating to a charity . 
  when you donate , you want to make sure only as little money as possible is used by the charity to run its organisation and its spent as wisely as possible . 
  workers want the same thing from their boss - they should take as little as possible of the additional wealth created by their labour , and what is taken should be spent well , ie investments in the company etc. 
  the charity and the boss buying a porsche are then the same thing : money taken from the employed without it being put to good use . 
  whether that 's fair is a different matter - the employer takes risks , has to take difficult decisions , and if he started the company was the one with the good idea . 
  still , there 's something to be said for the idea that shareholders and bosses have too much power compared to workers but this is such a difficult topic it 's easy to see why there are so many different opinions . 
  wasnt he the pm for like the whole decade preceding the 2008 crash and subsequent recession ? 
  who would be the alternative ? 
  is the more popular candidate leftist or centrist ? 
  a hearse !, 
  a hearse !, 
  my kingdom for a hearse !, 
  thanks for staying civil . 
  progression ? 
  til we have leftist socialist ideologies other european counties do n't have . 
   the directive bans long and short-barrelled semi-automatic firearms with larger magazines , those with foldable stocks , and those converted from fully-automatic weapons . 
  it requires the registration of some decommissioned weapons and historical replicas . 
   the czech interior ministry said the directive was too harsh , affecting for example thousands of hunters - a popular activity with a long tradition in the central european country . 
  following the american debates i 've always been puzzled by this argument . 
  do you really need semi-automatic rifles to hunt ? 
  how is that even a sport ? 
  not a big fan of hunting for sports in general i 'll admit , but using semi-automatic rifles seems like a weird hobby . 
  ca n't we just pin this on russia somehow and kill two birds with one poison ? 
  til, 
  how about a federation where the assemblies of the constituent countries remain responsible for internal affairs , but external affairs are handled at the federal level ? 
  although i suppose at that point one has to wonder what a kalmar union would add over eu membership . 
  continue the status quo ? 
  geez guys , you were having a productive discussion until now . 
  both your points are valid and it 'll be up to the electorates to decide which course to follow . 
  either you shore up the eurozone through eurobonds or dismantle it as a failed experiment . 
  personally i 'd prefer the former although i 'll admit i worry about the consequences . 
  those consequences are uncertain though whereas the clusterfuck that is the breakup of the eurozone is guaranteed . 
  the political parties are already walking on very thin ice when it comes to europe here in the netherlands . 
  rightly or not it will be framed as rewarding southern countries for not modernising their economies and corruption and i suspect any party suggesting eurobonds will go down in flames . 
  if it 's going to be anywhere near passable for us here it 'll come with heavy conditions and enforcement mechanisms , and the greeks have shown us that this is highly unpopular . 
  personally i do n't really see an alternative to a common fiscal policy and eurobonds but i have to admit i 'm very skeptical as well . 
  there 's a reason for the difference in interest rates after all . 
  looks like limburg is lighter as well . 
  i agree . 
  with decisions that big and impactful it should be a majority of 60 % on a turnout of at least 80 % . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  the romans only had ten months , and their tenth month ( from the roman * decim * meaning ten ) was also the last month . 
  after various reforms we ended up with twelve months , but the names stuck around . 
  if you 're interested in a serious attempt at reforming the calendar , look at the revolutionary calendar implemented during the french revolution . 
  iirc it got pretty messy pretty quickly as well though , and i think it was abandoned under napoleon already . 
  those advisors from goldman sachs and their ` shock ' therapy to get russia from communism to capitalism lost us russia . 
  imagine instead of giving them economic turmoil for 10 years they 'd have transitioned more smoothly ? 
  putin would n't have had a platform and who knows how russia would have developed . 
  forbidden soap sounds like a soft-erotic pulp novella . 
  cyprus ? 
  so you guys do n't do the - o = masculine , - a = feminine thing ? 
  that 's be pretty interesting actually , although it 'd probably be most representative if it 's done through the national subreddits . 
  maybe it was though . 
  definitely using it from now on !, 
  lol , is that an actual expression or did you come up with it ? 
  no , it 's racist to assume either a whole religion or all the adherents of that religion come even close to endorsing anything you just wrote . 
  my neighbours are muslim . 
  we take the elevator down together almost every morning . 
  he has n't declared jihad on me so far , and i believe my girlfriend hasnt reported any funny business either . 
  ironically he also works in construction so he 's quite literally building the country . 
  if you ca n't see you were being racist by grouping together more than a billion people on the basis of one interpretation of a religion you have some thinking to do . 
  obviously i ca n't tell you what to think , that 's your prerogative but at least be honest and admit you 're racist as fuck . 
  lol , i 'm not sure you 're in any position to accuse anyone of racism after your initial comment . 
  hey effe dimmen ja !, 
  i love italy . 
  not only is it a beautiful sight but you know the food and drink are going to be spectacular as well . 
  how i understood it there are two sets of scripture in islam , the qu ` ran and the accumulated body of texts by islamic scholars . 
  the former was the literal word of god as provided to muhammed by his god and is fixed in interpretation , whereas the latter is indeed open to new meanings . 
  i 'd love to find out more if you have some links !, 
  as well they both should be , but that was n't my point . 
  what i tried to say is that when it comes to the morality of it i would say theft is worse than fencing and considering the what the punishments are both offenses i 'd say i 'm not the only one . 
  in contrast , on this forum it sometimes feels that instead of assigning blame to both the company and the tax haven all the ire is saved for the tax haven . 
  i could easily find a few threads like this one complaining about tax havens but have a much more difficult time finding threads complaining about the companies abusing them . 
  * render unto caesar the things that are caesar 's , and unto god the things that are god 's * this was an important consequence of the city of god right ? 
  makes sense too that a patriarch and church based in a city with an emperor would stick to that principle longer than a pope in his own state would . 
  interesting , thanks for your time !, 
  how do you think the atomic bomb was designed ? 
  the quote reminds me of those stories that sometimes make the news about some religious nutcase on a school board in the us , except here it 's a national politician . 
  depressing stuff to read in 2017 . 
  on a side-note , i love how the bible is accepted as inspired by god rather than being the literal word of god . 
  it makes reinterpretation a lot easier and allows the church to evolve . 
  of course it also shows how silly it is to use a 2000 year old book for moral guidance if ultimately it is interpreted using the morals of the time which must have developed somewhere other than scripture ( i.e. 
  slavery or even gay marriage for some christians ) . 
  interesting , i was wondering how that split would have worked out and your analogy with the protestant church makes a lot of sense . 
  if you do n't mind , one last question : how independent was the patriarch really during the times of ottoman domination ? 
  and is/was there any push to move the seat from ottoman/turkey controlled constantinople/istanbul to ` proper ' greek territory after independence ? 
  i would assume that the greeks at the time did not want to give the appearance of giving up constantinople and probably could n't agree on what city should host the patriarch yet on the other hand the fierce nationalism seems to be at odds with having a patriarch located in a country ruled by ` the enemy ' . 
  you 're right , i didnt even notice all those other areas . 
  so i reckon the church of greece branched off when the country became independent ? 
  honestly i 'd be angry at the portuguese companies for using the loophole . 
  if a thief sells a stolen item to a pawn shop , would you be angrier at the pawn shop or the thief ? 
  yeah , we earn almost nothing from these tax evasion constructions which is the whole point . 
  if we 'd be making significant money from it the companies would find a different country to use . 
  i think it 's just way way down on everyone 's priority list when elections are coming .
