  that sounds true , i just saw it seemed to have made a profit of $ 80.000.000 and thought that i 'd sign up for that haha . 
  as you can tell i 'm no expert , i just want more historical epics !, 
  i just remembered there was a movie about the exodus and in another reply someone mentioned the remake of ben hur . 
  i think i was wrong in my original assessment , there are still historical epics but just not good ones ... 
  but on wikipedia it says :  budget $ 130 million [ 4 ]  box office $ 211.7 million [ 4 ] i agree i forgot robin hood . 
  that one did n't do too well iirc . 
  maybe for eastern europe , but for us in the west it was the catalyst to the renaissance and the age of sail . 
  kingdom of heaven did pretty well , as did gladiator although obviously that 's from a different era . 
  i do n't know why hollywood has completely stopped making these kinds of movies , they were pretty popular . 
  hell , even troy did well and that was a terrible movie imo . 
  i do n't think so buddy . 
  haha i sure hope not !, 
  i suppose the dutch elections then become the ' * rogue one * ' of this year 's elections , timed just right to keep people interested while they wait for the next big instalment . 
  this comment made me wonder , germans : how does this work in your country ? 
  is there a clear distinction between the two former halves on this topic ? 
  it is now , but no thanks to the cda . 
  the vvd supports gay marriage , weed legalisation and other non-economic progressive points , in contrast to the cdu . 
  or maybe you 're right and our cda is more like your csu as i do n't really get that distinction . 
  last time his party took responsibility for government policy they were decimated in the polls ( on whether to send dutch troops to afghanistan ) . 
  i am guessing that being the only clear left-wing party in an otherwise center-right government might have the same effect . 
  or the netherlands , especially amsterdam . 
  thanks !, 
  this is something i noticed , a lot of you smoke , and you smoke * a lot * . 
  have n't there been public campaigns to try and get people to stop ? 
  where do bogans come from ? 
  i had a similar experience in egypt and the holiday was saved by my egyptian brother in law who got annoyed at his countrymen for trying to rip us off at every possibility . 
  i wish i had counted how often someone told me ` hey friend , how can i help you spend you money ? 
  ' , but on the other hand as soon as you leave the public area and visit someone at home they 're the nicest people ? . 
  is it really $ 500 for a visum ? 
  that 's really expensive , i think i had a two-way flight from amsterdam to new york for only 20 euros more . 
  chicken and the egg ? 
  it used to be that we would get the uk beamed onto our tv every day , too . 
  i miss the days of fawlty towers , blackadder and the fantastic documentaries . 
  but heineken is amazi - ah who am i kidding . 
  i still do n't understand why it 's so popular . 
  they 're pretty big fans of attacking countries who join neutrality pacts ...  the incident motivated the dutch to seek adherence to the first league of armed neutrality , which espoused the principle of `` free ship , free goods , '' especially after britain formally abrogated the commercial treaty of 1668 . 
  the dutch hoped to gain the armed support of the other members of the league to maintain their neutral status . 
  [ 6 ]  the british government saw the danger of this move ( it might embroil great britain in war with russia and the nordic powers sweden and denmark -- norway also ) and therefore declared war on the republic shortly after its adherence in december 1780, 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  i could follow the rest , was just curious as i did n't recognise the word . 
  based on your explanation it 'll be going right into my vocabulary !, 
  what does ` la ramasse ' mean ? 
  they 're nuts ? 
  or those anti-vaccine people !, 
  dear lord , please keep that stupidity on your side of the ocean . 
  and they 're all fantastic . 
  fraternit\u00e9 ? 
  hmm , maybe . 
  i grew up in limburg though but i do n't remember how it was back then . 
  it was definitely a lot less popular than where i live now though ( ie ` boven de rivieren ' ) . 
  there 's a wilders nazi brigade on reddit ? 
  if that 's true youre not doing it right . 
  actually that guy is wrong . 
  for everything else it 'd be * sat\u00e9saus * but for fries for some reason * pindasaus * is correct . 
  where i live , anyways . 
  absolutely !, 
  i do , but clearly those are fossilizations . 
  i wouldnt use 's hertogenbosch as proof that the genetive case is alive and well , 
  that 's true , but i was referring to the classic genetive * des * , or the similarly archaic * den * for the accusative . 
  this thread is full with zingers , i love it !, 
  that 's pretty archaic though , i do n't think it 's used unless it 's a quote from the past or a saying . 
  netherlands vs belgium should see some interesting fights over renaissance painters . 
   the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter in a pizza place . 
  -- winston s. churchill , probably, 
  if anything , an invasion from russia . 
  you were using examples from the cold war for the us so it felt ok using examples for the russians from the cold war too . 
  the other neighbour . 
  one day they 'll finally have had enough of our mayonaise ... 
  in contrast to the saintly soviets ? 
   the us has only ever backed greece if it were to its benefit . 
  not trying to troll or anything , but when has russia helped when it was n't in their interest ? 
  probably china or japan ? 
  it 's something a lot of people in various countries can get behind . 
  for european countries or empires , i bet it would be the byzantine empire . 
  it has lots of fanboys ( me included !, 
  also itt : people who forget that taking an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind, 
  [ fraternit\u00e9 ], 
  thats what i said to ur mom, 
  i would love to see timmermans as new president of the commission and mogherini as president of the council . 
  you 're [ right ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  i 'm stealing this one !, 
  for those people being in a bad mood seems to be part of the job description . 
  have n't been anywhere else where border control is so consistently grumpy . 
  that should be interesting ... ca n't wait for a palestinian one lol . 
  sure those two can make some quality jokes about building walls , too . 
  lol , even that subreddit is incredibly polite . 
  love how it mixes french and dutch , too . 
  that 's depressingly accurate as it 's snowing and windy outside right now . 
  oh god there 's a german one too ? 
  subbed  _ , 
  if you 're using nukes we 'd like to formally submit a request to find a new battlefield . 
  belgium is a little too close to be nuked . 
  so posting a meme is allowed as long as it is for personal use and i did n't make it myself ? 
  noted !, 
  / r/the _ klaver, 
  i love reading romanian . 
  it 's what i imagine dwarves would speak if they spoke latin . 
  what 's going on with the percentage though ? 
  i would have thought fins too stoic to care with a percentage of 100 % !, 
  teaching basic respect for other faiths and cultures starts at home , and can be supported at school .
