  it 's like comparing / r/history to / r/askhistorians . 
  sure , there are lots of interesting questions left unanswered but at least i can trust the answers that are available . 
  from my experience the sub is left leaning on topics like the environment or access to education or health care , but leans to the right when it comes to immigration or taxation . 
  which is pretty much how i 'd classify the country as a whole tbh . 
  i 'm trying to think of any other time in history this could have been true but i 'm struggling . 
  maybe thatcher , but even though she was hated by many she was supported by even more . 
  edit : and i have no idea how popular mitterrand was in the uk, 
  they might like that , i 'll give it a go thanks !, 
  haha that explains that then !, 
  thanks for the link - i opened it before reading your comment fully and was wondering if i really had go through all 117 pages lol , but i will definitely read from p11 onwards !, 
  comments like these make me wish i had a firmer grasp of the law . 
  if you have some time would you be willing to do a ( very short ! ), 
  eli5 on your last sentence ? 
  yeah , it reminds me of segregation in the us and why it was struck down in brown vs board of education . 
  theoretically you can make it separate but equal but in practice the distinction is inherently discriminatory . 
   the following morning ( 10 july 1995 ) , lieutenant-colonel karremans made urgent requests for air support from north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) to defend srebrenica as crowds filled the streets , some of whom carried weapons . 
  vrs tanks were approaching the town , and nato airstrikes on these began on the afternoon of 11 july 1995 . 
  nato bombers attempted to attack vrs artillery locations outside the town but poor visibility forced nato to cancel this operation . 
  further nato air attacks were cancelled after vrs threats to bomb the un 's poto\u010dari compound , to kill dutch and french military hostages and to attack surrounding locations where 20,000 to 30,000 civilian refugees were situated . 
  [ 51 ] not fully covering op 's claim but without air support the entire safe area was a mirage . 
  edit : the quote above is from the srebrenica massacre wiki page . 
  yeah totally with you on that . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am ashamed to see the commanding officer accept a bottle of wine from that monster and for the longest time i thought it would be more honourable to go down fighting than do what karremans did . 
  now i am not so sure what i would do in the situation . 
  its one thing to die for a cause , it 's quite another to die for a cause even though it could have been prevented if your allies had supported you . 
  it was a one giant fuck up that led to the execution of civilians in cold blood . 
  it just irks me that people put dutchbat om the same level as the actual murderers . 
  i see what you 're getting at , but i disagree with the assessment . 
  you make it sound like dutchbat was in a similar situation as a getaway driver for a bank robbery that went wrong and the robbery ended up with the murder of every bank employee there . 
  in that scenario even though the getaway driver did n't shoot anyone himself , he still bears partial responsibility as he was involved in the planning of said robbery . 
  in contrast , i feel their position is more like a security guard at a bank robbery who is informed that if he even thinks of using his taser to stop the bank robbers with their machine guns , they will have no second thoughts about killing him as well . 
  additionally , the guard was told that if shit ever hit the fan , the swat team would be there in minutes , but the moment those bank robbers showed up , the swat team said they ca n't act and the guard is on his own . 
  i understand it 's the security guard 's job to stop those bank robbers and i agree it 's dereliction of duty but i ca n't say i would have done anything else . 
  alright , i have . 
  a couple of times actually , these interviews are not new to me . 
  i wonder if you have watched the video though - i already agreed with you that they were cowards but surely listening to the interviews in your link you can get a sense of why they acted the way they did ? 
  they were sure they were going to die and then suddenly they 're free to go . 
  if that were me i 'd be drinking a huge beer and dance as well . 
  nome of this matters though as i was n't arguing with you on whether these soldiers were heroic , my point was that saying this behaviour puts them on the same level as the bosnian serbs murdering everyone in the enclave is pretty ridiculous . 
  so what would you do if you did not have sufficient firepower on your own to stop them , had a feeble mandate for the use of force and were told by your allies that the air support your mission depends on will not be coming ? 
  yes , they 're guilty of cowardice but it 's fucking stupid to say that somebody not intervening in a massacre is the same as someone perpetrating it . 
  otherwise we 'd all be equally guilty as the likes of kim jong un or assad . 
  you guys are adorable . 
  - the netherlands, 
  i suppose it works if it is done tastefully but i realise this is very subjective . 
  i 'm sure people protested the first skyscraper in nyc and now we ca n't imagine the city without it . 
  that 's the one . 
  the surrender did n't arrive german command in time if i remember correctly , and attempts were made to stop the bombing raid but obviously that did n't lead anywhere . 
  we would n't have cities like venice or bruges although i 'll admit walking around there feels like walking in an outside museum . 
  not that that 's bad or anything , whatever the locals prefer . 
  as does rotterdam . 
  i feel like we 're only one or two posts away before your username becomes relevant . 
  yeah i guess that 's a fair point . 
  i suppose a liberal democracy can not survive if there is a significant part of the population , even if it is a minority , is not committed to ensuring its survival . 
  one can hope we will find new ideas soon . 
  other tactics have been tried and can work though : do n't forget there were uprisings in morocco and tunis as well , but the hardline islamists were shut out of government in both countries . 
  that we do n't know what we else will work is in my opinion because we rarely try anything other than coups and repression . 
  take egypt for example . 
  they elected an islamist who played with fire with some proposals and actions and instead of waiting for strikes or elections or any other civil movement the country went directly to an army coup , brutal repression and now more terrorist attacks . 
  i 'm not saying i believe that we can easily install liberal democracies if only was n't for those meddling generals , but i do think those generals and their coups prevent us from finding what * will * work . 
  your last point also worries me . 
  islamic terrorism is a legitimate concern where it is very hard to introduce nuance . 
  i think this makes it perfect for creating fear and exploitation by anyone with an agenda to give the state even more control and i fear it 's only a matter of time until we see leaders that have obama 's intelligence but trump 's agenda . 
  that 's a very difficult choice to make - do n't forget assad attacked his own civilians with exploding barrels and nerve gas . 
  i mean , i understand the argument that order is better and isis are barbarians but is assad really any better ? 
  better enough to prefer him ? 
  as for iran and saudi-araba , i think iran could be a natural ally to us as they dislike sunni extremism as much as we do . 
  it 's unfortunate they sponsor hamas and hezbollah and continue with their anti-semitic tough talk , but on the other hand at least they 're not funding terrorists who kill our fellow citizens . 
  it 's maddening we ca n't address the issue of saudi funding for a barbaric terrorist organization who attack us on our own soil because we are still dependent on them for their oil . 
  yeah i remember a documentary about this where they followed a couple of portuguese emigrants in angola and brazil . 
  comparing their situation as it was in portugal to that in their new country i ca n't say i would n't have done the same . 
  unfortunately it 's more complicated than that . 
  the presidential candidates are vetted by the same council that votes for the ayatollah , and real reform candidates are always banned . 
  this means that the president who is eventually voted in has limited room to implement any programme . 
  there is of course also a parliament and if i am not mistaken i think the ayatollah can veto any legislation . 
  since the ayatollah is not only a political leader elected for life but also a very important shi'ite religious leader it is very difficult to against his wishes . 
  i wish i knew more specifics but it 's all rather complicated and it 's been a while since i read up on it . 
  i guess wikipedia will have a good page on this if you 're interested in learning more . 
  one more thing though - despite all these caveats iran is actually one of the more democratic countries in the middle east , and i have always found it odd that a dictatorial theocracy like saudi arabia is our ally while iran is somehow our mortal enemy . 
  i know iran finances groups like hezbollah and monsters like assad , but the saudis fund isis and al quaeda who not only take barbarity to a new level , but are also attacking europe and the us which is something i do n't think hezbollah has ever done . 
  i am very open to good sources about this as i know how controversial this will be . 
  the iranian president is a relative moderate , yes , but he is far less powerful than most other presidents . 
  the iranian constitution is actually very interesting with lots of theoretical checks and balances . 
  unfortunately ultimate power resides in the ayatollah , who is elected by a council of elderly conservative clerics iirc . 
  i am assuming that the current treaties in place were negotiated by their government , and put to a vote in parliament . 
  i 'm getting a little tired of seeing this ` unless i can vote on it in a referendum , it 's not democratic ' argument . 
  those parliamentarians were and are subject to elections and if enough people dislike the current deal i assume they are free to vote for a party that aligns with that thought . 
  because the pole is legally employed in poland , so the employer only has to pay the polish minimum wage which is significantly lower than the french minimum wage . 
  i like george orwell as much as the next guy , but the reason fascism and national socialism had two different economical plans is that they 're two different systems . 
  i 'll agree that politically there 's overlap but on questions of race or judaism the two are very different - so no , i do n't think nazism is the same as fascism and i find it hard to believe there are many historians would call nazis fascist in any other sense than to describe their origins or political arrangements . 
  as an ideology the two are different though . 
  that wikipedia text you provide is fair enough but there 's a difference between control of industry and commerce and the total absence of private property . 
  forcible suppression can be seen in many regimes we would n't typically describe as fascists such as european colonial governments , and the dictatorial power is like i said an overlap in totalitarianism rather than proof the three ideologies are the same . 
  on economics the two have totally different outlooks . 
  i think what you 're looking for is that they were both totalitarian which is n't synonymous with fascism . 
  anyone ? 
  * anyone ?!, 
  did n't the napoleonic wars also force the royal house to speak english rather than french , much like in ww1 their name was changed to make it sound less german ? 
  on a 42 % turnout , and the electorate for her party tends to be quite motivated to vote i suppose . 
  you have such a beautiful green country though , would you really want to give that up ?
