  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/armeense_genocide#erkenning ) the lower house of parliament passed a motion recognizing the genocide back in 2004 . 
  edit : turns out it is only a request for the government to raise the topic during eu accession meetings with turkey . 
  it does n't even require the use of the word genocide . 
  exactly . 
  if the deficit is below the annual gdp growth rate , national debt will shrink as a proportion of the economy . 
  i believe anyone is eligible for medical assistance , basic welfare , etc. 
  pretty sure that is mandatory by some un treaty . 
  it is not a jackpot though , and i hope they move to having jobs soon , both for economic as well as social reasons . 
  at least the username checks out !, 
  open this link in incognito mode to circumvent the pay wall . 
  so pretty much leave the eu as it is then ? 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm pretty sure more countries will feel that way about their health care system , and the list of topic goes on and on . 
  considering how the eu has pushed to get for example climate change on the world agenda for a very long time , i 'd appreciate the opportunity to shape the world around us . 
  sounds like the american senate . 
  not op but clearly he does not want this taken care of at the eu level . 
  which i , pretty pro-eu , agree with . 
  it 's all great to have one of this and one of that , but once you have to choose which one the trouble starts . 
  should we have the irish or the french tax system ? 
  single payer health care a la nhs , or a private-public mix hollandaise ? 
  common or civil law ? 
  the subsidiarity principle should continue to be adhered to . 
  as is pointed out in the first post in this thread , even the us manages many of these issues at the state level . 
  edit : words, 
  the chart is not particularly accurate for the netherlands . 
  the governing conservative-liberal party got about 40 seats , the conservative christian democrats about 15 and there 's a number of smaller christian parties in parliament too . 
  the number given here is for the freedom party only , and while i suppose they 're the most right-wing party ( on some topics , anyway ) , that 's not what this chart is listed as describing . 
  * blushes * i 'm sure you say that to every the swamp german you meet ... 
  lol , i was about to head over to google translate to do the same thing . 
  not sure i understand the math here , but the bottom line is that it 's safe to make fun of the flemish right ? 
  so what do you do when a flemish guy throws a grenade at you ? 
  you take out the pin and throw it back . 
  if only you were my greek teacher years ago , no way i 'd have dropped the language from my curriculum !, 
  not sure whats more typical , the hair , the expression or the muscular build , haha . 
  at least he 's well travelled !, 
  perfect !, 
  i feel like i 've leveled up and am now able to say wanker in one more language . 
  i 'm not your friend , guy !, 
  maybe we should reconsider making fun of the belgians all the time ... love your beer and cuisine neighbours !, 
  what does it mean ? 
  i suppose that depends on whose bathroom it was , and what you were doing , buddy . 
  you guys still use those ? 
  you might consider making a phone call to nato ... 
  perhaps preparing for atlantic wall 2.0 ? 
  by the power of deduction i take it you must be canadian ? 
  as long as they 're not vacationing in belgium they kinda have a point though . 
  great post , loved the austrian part . 
  also the oversized polo shirts . 
  haha no way !, 
  this is like the french passing ` the baguette act ' , clarifying that parisian waiters do in fact appreciate me trying to speak french , or the germans a ` wiener act ' . 
  * blonde giant high five * !, 
  on my flight to rome , the were two girls sitting next to me . 
  they had their passports in their hands , but they covered the part where it says `` passport of country x '' and like you said , from their accent i could n't make out where they were from - the us , canada or even new zealand . 
  once they apologised for me hitting one of them accidentally when fastening my seat belt there was no more doubt though . 
  is there are theory for why canadians are so friendly all the time ? 
  hahaha , fantastic description !, 
  yeay !, 
  wait a minute ... 
  are you kidding ? 
  you guys are probably the easiest to recognise , the stereotype that you apologise for everything is definitely true . 
  that , and you 're like diet americans , 
  or dutch ? 
  hahaha , that must be germany !, 
  so far this thread could also work for italians ... 
  thanks !, 
  going on my amazon wishlist for sure , a book with such an impact interests me a lot !, 
  german !, 
  and their polo shirt nicely tucked behind the belt and a fanny-pack holding their wallet haha , germans travel well prepared !, 
  do n't forget having the most contagious good mood and looking like they won the lottery . 
  dunno why but every irishman i 've seen on vacation just seems so ... happy , like , really really happy . 
  sounds interesting , is that also the name of the book ? 
  maybe it 's possible to tell when a group of people who clearly belong together still keep a very healthy distance between them ? 
  haha , you might be right !, 
  they 're also the friendliest tourists around though . 
  not trying to be offensive or anything , but if i see drunk people on the streets they 're also typically english ... edit : while singing oasis songs ah , and you guys are kings of queuing , too !, 
  on mobile , so editing the format is a little difficult . 
  for the first point , i was only trying to point out that referenda are subject to the same processes as general elections are . 
  as for the second , that 's a valid point of view . 
  personally , i do n't think this will work due to a number of reasons . 
  turnout would be a big one , for example , as would a limited understanding of very complex issues . 
  i suppose it is a matter of how much you trust the electorate . 
  in a perfect world , the electorate would read up on the issue from a neutral source , make up their mind on the issue and vote . 
  unfortunately we do n't live in that world . 
  one only needs to look at california to see how having lots of referenda can mess up public finances or frustrate the will of the people . 
  better public services ? 
  lower taxes ? 
  hell yeah , i 'll take that too !, 
  finally , the wording of the questions at a referendum matters hugely , and who would be in charge of that ? 
  i wish it 'd work , but i do n't see how . 
  right , because if there 's one thing we learned from referenda it 's that those trying to sway the electorate are honest and neutral compared to politicians trying to get elected . 
  also , those voting in referenda always vote on the issue and never use the vote to voice their complaints on any number of unrelated issues . 
  is n't that what presidential/parliamentary elections are ? 
  was n't there a whole discussion about female priests ? 
  if i remember correctly , the british clergy was in favour , but members from the u.s. and africa were opposed pretty intensively . 
  also , i hate sand . 
  you 're absolutely right , and you make me feel stupid for not buying it . 
  it seems pretty easy to code , too , i should check if someone made an online version !, 
  so was my use of the idiom ` blowing your money ' ... 
  i like it !, 
  and blowing your money on wind turbines is not going to help .
