  you can get good money just by renting it to agricultural companies and in 10 years it may double in value if populations round the world continue to climb up . 
  there are some laws and issues in investing in the moment but i think the ban on owning land in bulgaria falls soon . 
  sorry to offend all the architects by calling structures a building . 
  jeez ca n't you guys see it was meant as a joke ? 
  i did google around for the tallest building/structure but decided it would be funnier to present this tall tv tower as it is on top of a mountain already making it technically reach higher . 
  a friend suffers a home invasion attack and dies . 
  do you tell his family that statistically there 're a lot less people dying than 20 years ago because of how we have become ? 
  i think people parrot this statement about how much safer europe is nowadays and how much more likely it is to die due to a bee than an attack . 
  deaths caused by harm , violence and intent from other humans will gather much more attention than accidents or attacks by bears in the woods . 
  you 're scared if you hear there 're more muggings happening in your neighborhood . 
  still , it might be statistically improbale that you get mugged but your life has become worse . 
  finally , the question i 'd like to ask you : ** how many more need to die before you think it 's warranted to worry ? ** . 
  do we need an epidemic to act ? 
  is n't prevention better than suffering until the problem is major and severe ? 
  if all of the muslims willing to die for their phophet went to one country and waged conventional warfare i 'd be happy with that . 
  problem is , part of their tactics is to replace the population of a country from the inside . 
  it 's well documented and encouraged movement of people . 
  move to prague . 
  it 's an awesome city . 
  you can travel to the rest of europe each weekend too . 
  also nokia was the biggest cellphone manufacturer 10 years ago . 
  trends like these will not get better when demographics change even more . 
  let 's not pretend everything 's okay . 
  people who suffered attacks and witnessed them are humiliated every time we try to downplay what islamic terorism has done to europe, 
  in 30 years it will impact you and everyone else around you . 
  i said this to a nationalist friend of mine : if you love your country so much why do n't you have children yet ? 
  why did n't you study it and get into a high paying field or create a business ? 
  i am a patriot and i love my country , but my priorities are set to making sure i earn enough money to raise 3 kids and increasing the gdp of my country . 
  i do n't care about rightful clay , history and warmongering . 
  in the 21st century - the economy , technological innovation and increasing native demographics should be the priorities of anyone who loves their country . 
  i disagree with you - people will be interested in having more children if the money they pay to the state for pension goes down . 
  right now i pay 12.5 % out of my salary to the state for pension . 
  imagine that we increase the rate to 15 % for those without children , 12.5 % for families with one child , 10 % for the ones with 2 children and so on gradually until you reach 0 % . 
  this may be a good enough motivation for some working people to start having children . 
  since i am totally against any kind of monetary help for non-working people - you should not have an incentive to use your children as money machines like they do in the uk . 
  during the balkan wars in 1912 greece had a population of roughly 2-3 million , bulgaria around 4.5 million and turkey around 26 million . 
  today bulgaria stands at around 7 million , turkey at 70 + and greece at 11 million . 
  interesting to think that numbers of the population in europe have not changed that much . 
  if i remember correctly , france was the most peculiar case maintaining almost the same population for the last 2 centuries . 
  this is the exact reasoning used by terrorists by the way . 
  innocent people who died in 9/11 deserved it because the majority elected war mongering leaders . 
  the american government has not stopped to kill innocent people hence by your logic we should not mourn for the people who die in a terrorist act ? 
  am i right ? 
  by that logic we should kill all americans for voting for presidents who consistently kill innocent people year after year for decades now . 
  we can leave all of the hippies and peace loving protestors alive . 
  for all of those upvoting and you yourself sir , remember that this is the same reason why al qaeda and osama bin laden attacked the twin towers on 9/11 . 
  the citizens are the ones choosing the governments and supporting the wars that killed millions so they deserve it . 
  this is what you are saying . 
  you 're basically supporting terrorism . 
  `` however , the bulgarian motto also represents the last words of khan kubrat , the founder of old great bulgaria in 632 ad , and is likely rooted much earlier in bulgarian symbolics than in other european states . '', 
  true that , i am not gangsta enough to go to krasna polyana . 
  i am a hobo on sunday morning , catching the first bus from studentski grad after drinking all night at 05 in the morning . 
  the smell of alcohol and vomit makes people move ten seats away from me . 
  a question - why do you use these symbols ? 
  in the bulgarian alphabet we have all sounds covered with letters without borrowing latin alphabet letters . 
  where is your slavic pride guys ? 
  i have been in plenty of beaches in bulgaria . 
  the south beaches are a bit different than those are the north . 
  much warmer and the sand seems better . 
  if you want a quiet place to relax with low prices and not many tourists ( which means not many discos or bars too , but good family restaurants ) - sinemorets is the place . 
  that 's some cool shit . 
  real funny  wonder what the kung fury creator thinks about this video . 
  here 's to hoping greece , serbia and montenegro help out if anything like this happens . 
  the problem is the turkish president . 
  his ambassador to bulgaria is not being political on his own accord . 
  all public figures from the turkish government who help the campaign of the dost party ( targeting muslims and bulgarian turks ) are reporting to erdogan at the end of the day . 
  do n't be naive . 
  the sultan has a particular plan . 
  this will not be cyprus 2 however , there 're way too many bulgarians living in these regions he would want to claim . 
  balkan wars 2 genocide reloaded . 
  all black people i know in bulgaria are very smart and well integrated . 
  my manager is a black guy who does not like gypsies . 
  most foreigners who live for a while adopt the same point of view . 
  you 're arguing about race while the issues revolve around social order and self-segregation . 
  some gypsy groups wont allow for example their children to marry non-gypsies and sell their daughters . 
  ask yourself who 's really the racist one ? 
  how much do you know about gypsy culture and customs ? 
  last time a big group of them went to france and started living near a church they were kicked out like dirty dogs . 
  your attitude is different because you do n't have to deal with them . 
  without a welfare state they would have adapted by now . 
  we 're doing them a bad `` favor '' by providing free housing and welfare money . 
  they will never change and adapt . 
  bad for them and their future generations . 
  i feel sad for any kid born in a gypsy family . 
  learn about the history of the balkans and the chrisitans living here . 
  you 're a fool . 
  similar things have happened in recent years in japan - a truck driving into a mass of people . 
  it 's considered in those cases an act by a depressed man or something similar . 
  however , the attacks of that kind have been used by terrorists in europe - nice in france , germany and we could speculate that now britain too has suffered such an attack . 
  there 's much to be said about trying not to jump to conclusions . 
  but discourse at this point based on the limited information would make me put a bet on this being a terrorist attack . 
  if a bookmaker offered live odds , i 'm sure this would be the one with the highest chance of being true ( and hence lowest odds ) . 
  why would this be considered religious propaganda ? 
  are you a communist russian shill trying to undermine our values ? 
  your comments are savage , man you 're doing this reddit thing well . 
  for each country has their faults in history and present , i agree with you on your premise that the english could do better to recognize their colonial past as being exploitation of others . 
  instead they glorified it to this day as the best thing that has happened to the world and those touched by the british rulers . 
  i have been to london and it 's a magnificent city . 
  they have a great country that i think will do well even outside the eu . 
  not better , but well .
