  there 're various issues with integrating them into normal life which is why the eu and other ngos poor a lot of money into integration . 
  the main problem stands with education in the gypsy communities - the majority does not go to school and instead the children are used to beg , steal etc. 
  there 're a lot of issues to resolve but a fact is that most of them live in poverty or are part of the black economy . 
  also for example : the bulgarian orphanages and social houses are full of gypsy children , they seem not to value their children that much and are okay to allow the state to take care of them for a couple of years - when they grow up and can be used to make money they often come to take them back ... 
  i know i sound like a racist , but this truly has nothing to do with race . 
  so let me say there 're plenty of great individuals among the roma people - there 's a lot of them who work in construction so they 're not allergic to heavy work as some would say . 
  perhaps it 's just a crazy wild fear like you say . 
  however , our places reversed i think you may feel uneasy as well . 
  denying the right to vote is not something i am proposing . 
  it 's my belief however that the voting process should not be influenced by another country ( example the usa and russian interference into their election ) . 
  also our imams should not be so easily influenced by turkey . 
  there 're bulgarian muslims too which consider themselves bulgarians ethnically , but religiously muslim . 
  to be frank dna tests would probably say that the bulgarian turks are not much different than the bulgarians but that 's a different story ... 
  hey komsho , do n't get me wrong , i 'm not anti-turks , i am anti-erdogan and the recent developments in our relations . 
  you may not be aware about those things happening but for example : the turkish ambassador to bulgaria met with the leader of a party which openly holds rallies in turkish in bulgaria . 
  some claim that the turkish government has been a sponsor of this `` bulgarian '' party since somebody pays for a peculiar type of `` election day '' tourism where thousands of bulgarian turks go from turkey back to bulgaria to vote . 
  many of them can not even speak bulgarian anymore but they have their tickets paid by ( whom ? ), 
  to travel back and take part in elections with instructions to vote for a particular number . 
  since all you have to do is cross your choice you do n't even need to know what you 're voting for . 
  these ethnic parties that receive help by turkey are a sign of a bigger danger . 
  here 's an international source which mentions some things : http://www.newsweek.com/bulgaria-temporarily-recalls-turkey-ambassador-amid-election-controversy-569619 note : the correspondent is a bulgarian probably but his editor is most likely a foreigner and regardless the events are true and probably you can find a source in turkish as well if you google around . 
  most gypsies usually have darker skin and look like indians since they migrated from over there . 
  sometimes a gypsy is born with blue eyes and lighter skin but those are the exceptions and they do not make the stereotype invalid . 
  there 's roughly 9-10 million gypsies in europe , there 's bound to be some exceptions . 
  however , a composite photo of let 's say a thousand gypsies would show you an accurate idea of what the regular features are of a roman person . 
  talking about one of those things : http://jezebel.com/5758201/see-the-average-face-of-women-from-40-different-countries/ i could not find anything similar for roma people . 
  stereotyping is not cool , but let 's not pretend that there 's no stereotype when it comes to visuals of certain groups of people/countries . 
  my girlfriend is called spanish even though she 's bulgarian just because she looks like spanish actresses for example . 
  based on what you see you create your `` vision '' of what a certain group of people looks like . 
  i provided some links to show that there 're clans of gypsies who earn their living honestly . 
  i am not sure why you say my post is shit but i am frankly offended . 
  i 've lived with them , had classmates who were gypsies and even a colleague . 
  i tried to make it clear that not everyone 's the same , it can vary - some have found ways to make money the normal way but still the majority lives by doing things that do not contribute to the society . 
  you caught one clan , there 're clans who 're bigger and are in the thousands . 
  for example - it 's a fact that different gypsy clans organize networks of beggars in western & northern europe . 
  sometimes they mutilate children just so that people take pity on them and give them more money . 
  when these practices become a norm in a huge family/clan of people i think we can call it culture . 
  if they think that 's okay for thousands of them to do it what else should i call it ? 
  it 's not just individuals doing that kind of thing after all - it 's the majority and in their communities they do not hide this from each other . 
  the us interests should not be a concern for politicians/generals of bulgaria or greece . 
  the us support for turkey as a member of nato is indeed quite important so naturally if you want them kicked out you should convince the us to move their bases over somewhere else , maybe even finance the whole thing . 
  actually , turkey out of nato would stabilize the situation on the balkans a lot . 
  i 'm not sure they will continue playing stupid games with greece if they 're out of nato . 
  or if they will continue to meddle in the internal affairs of several other countries ( including my own ) . 
  there 's a crimea situation waiting to happen in bulgaria where a turkish minority may be used as means to steal territory from bulgaria . 
  i wish i was being crazy since i do n't wan na go to war , but unfortunately it 's the crazy sultan and his party leaders that speak of lost territories and reclaiming them quite often . 
  kicking turkey out of nato should be a priority for bulgaria and greece . 
  gypsies have a weird culture that not many know about . 
  crime is okay in their books and we 're suckers for letting it happen . 
  marriage outside of the clan/group is frowned upon and you can be expelled from it . 
  they 're traditionalists and living like your father/mother is okay . 
  some clans of gypsies are better than others . 
  there 's a group in bulgaria called `` kalaidzhii '' and they earn their living by creating things from metal . 
  image for reference : https://www.spisanie8.bg/images/articles/1423/gallery/7402nikolaivasilev2miasto.jpg or more from google images : https://www.google.bg/search?q=%d0%ba%d0%b0%d0%bb%d0%b0%d0%b9%d0%b4%d0%b6%d0%b8%d1%8f&amp;newwindow=1&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjb-j3eyoxuahuborqkhuprcomq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=908 i do n't feel bad when making sure my pockets stay away from a gypsy in a bus . 
  plenty of them earn their living by stealing , begging and doing other shady stuff . 
  but i also do not shy away from catching a taxy with a gypsy guy inside . 
  the police in europe is forced to do racial profiling , not because they 're racist , it 's simply a reality of living with gypsies in your city . 
  unless you volunteer to the army and go in the front lines , please do n't suggest such solutions . 
  for me it 's a remodeling of the welfare state in europe . 
  we should not encourage high birth rates from unemployed/poor people . 
  there should be max amount you can get - for example when you reach 2 kids you get xxx amount max when under certain income/unemployed and any more children do not entitle you to further help from the state . 
  we should also encourage working people who have the money but are selfish and greedy to have children - give them better tax incentives ( like if you have 3 kids you pay only 25 % of the regular pension tax ) . 
  you need to engineer the system in a way which rewards people earning high incomes . 
  things will balance out . 
  demographics are very important and the current political class is failing in western europe imo . 
  immigration is not the solution anymore . 
  we have good universities and enough people - encourage the ones who 're here to replenish the population within rich families . 
  smart parents who earn more should see the value in having kids . 
  this is a terrible event , lots of families in manchester have had their worst night which will mark their future calendars with sadness for years to come . 
  i hope that people connect the dots between what is happening with islam and point the finger at saudi arabia . 
  time to start blaming the politicians who cozy up to them . 
  like theresa may : http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/brexit-saudi-arabia-theresa-may-allies-liam-fox-trades-deals-europe-beware-a7664741.html these types of events are significant enough to warrant the ban of funding of religious groups from foreign countries , groups or individuals ( since a lot of saudi wealth is already in the uk banks ) . 
  time to organize people - protest , write to your politicians , call your media . 
  it 's time for actions , prayers alone will not help . 
  i think the main idea is to cover each window with an image . 
  there being more windows than flags means we see some repeating flags . 
  most wealth in the world is inherited . 
  going from communism to capitalism means that you have a mass of workers who have no real capital to start anything with . 
  there 's no capital for the capitalism to work . 
  in bulgaria , most of the privatization of the communist era enterprises was done in a shady way , robbing the collective inheritance of the entire nation . 
  the robbing was done by corrupt politicians , army , policemen and heavy weight wrestlers ( power to break somebody 's bones gives you the power to make money in a non functioning society ) . 
  life goes on , so back to the normal people - my father has nothing , he has an old lada , a concrete apartment which costs a bitch to heat during winter since it 's poorly isolated , two kids to feed , almost no money in the bank at the end of each month . 
  everyone around you is in the same boat . 
  the bank system collapsed in 1997 and the inflation was in triple digits . 
  we had a venezualian moment that winter when even bread was scarce . 
  that 's 20 years ago alright and in fact things have improved tremendously since then . 
  but it 's still not a generation ago . 
  i hope that i will leave more wealth to my children and give them better opportunities in life . 
  but this was not possible for plenty of parents and it will take time for us to create wealth that is passed from generation to generation . 
  we rely heavily on foreign investment . 
  we all hope this is only a step towards building wealth and creating enterprises owned and directed by bulgarians . 
  the fear is that the brain drain has not stopped and our demographic catastrophe is not stopping . 
  for a country the size of the uk we have 10 times less people living here . 
  also , there 's more to be desired from the infrastructure and government services ( still corrupted , inefficient and incompetent ) . 
  hello japanese friends !, 
  anyone interested in helping me sell japanese snacks in europe ? 
  if you own a supermarket chain and wish to start shipping some snacks to europe please let me know !, 
  think of : special type of kit kats only made in japan and other sweet and salty snacks which are unique to japan . 
  many do n't pay this tax and it usually goes only towards paying a cleaning lady and utility bills . 
  roof repairs are considered emergencies for which you need to get extra money .
