  according to statistics - be it names of newborns or others , there are certainly still regions with lots of bulgarian muslims or turkish people . 
  what you say is true , but the blame game on the balkans is not something you can win . 
  everyone has its fair share of blame . 
  a new balkan war probably involving more than just greece and turkey . 
  bulgaria has a lot to fear from the dream of a big turkey , we have some major regions with people speaking turkish ( like close to 50 % in a few regions ) . 
  it 's well documented . 
  german language was a taboo for a while . 
  members of the kkk went into german churches and forced the priests to use english instead of german . 
  there was a lot of discrimination against germans . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-german_sentiment#united_states not the only source on the topic by the way . 
  the fact that germans were persecuted in the states after ww1 ( also by the kkk ) is not really funny imo . 
  neither is any name funny to me , just because it 's not common to hear in a hollywood movies . 
  people from europe , africa and asia have lots of names some may find funny . 
  lots of people with `` funny '' names changed them to fit in and become more anglo-saxon . 
  having to change your name - that 's a stain on america 's history , not on trump 's family history . 
  what do you do once you 're old and not earning as much anymore ? 
  are the people of europe saving money ? 
  do we have 401ks ? 
  you can not own your own house in plenty of places too . 
  not sure how prices are in hungary , but i live in sofia , bulgaria . 
  i preferred to stay here because i could own a home . 
  i doubt i could own an apartment 10 minutes away from the city center of london . 
  on the contrary , this is possible for me right now . 
  people rarely consider cost of living when moving abroad . 
  there 're higher wages , but everything is generally more expensive like rents and house prices . 
  that 's my opinion of it all . 
  also , i think if you work hard you can do well in eastern europe as well . 
  there 's no instantaneous success and it does not happen over night . 
  but it 's the same in western europe . 
  well it certainly gave me a perspective as to why you guys love tea so much :d just joking of course . 
  to not sound like a hater , i will say i did i love the beer and the architecture . 
  also camden was a very cool place that we do not have over here and it was a fun experience, 
  i lived my whole life in bulgaria . 
  when i drove around the country with friends i saw vast empty spaces . 
  there were villages here and there and towns , but most of the times it 's just nature and agriculture lands . 
  when i flew in to the uk it amazed me to see how densely populated they were . 
  the other thing i noticed was how bad the quality of the water was . 
  bottled or tap water in london tasted like piss . 
  later , i found out indeed the water has a lot of recycled piss in it . 
  i could n't wait to come home and drink some bulgarian mineral water ... 
  which by the way i think is way better also than french mineral water . 
  there are some benefits to being poor and in a demographic catastrophe . 
  village properties go for pennies and the water and soil are top quality . 
  i have never eaten better vegetables than those made in the gardens of my grandfather . 
  traditions can be beautiful if you ignore the obvious problem of penis shrinkage . 
  i am not going to be able to find my little guy after going into such cold water probably lol . 
  i personally chose to separate the actions of a state from its people in places where there 's no direct democracy . 
  russia is not switzerland . 
  i was just trying to make a point that because of an unrelated set of political reasons we also chose to hate on russian culture and nature . 
  is it a coincidence again i ask that we rarely see anything posted about sights from russia in terms of photographs ? 
  i only ask you to think about this . 
  there 're many more arguments to be had and valid points to be made of course . 
  i would bet 10 eur if a bookmaker but i ca n't find such odds lol . 
  it 's not just the media however . 
  think about how often we see images upvotted with anything good . 
  like nature/countryside in russia . 
  lake baikal is beautiful but we rarely if ever see pictures from russia upvoted in / r/pics or other subreddits . 
  i would say that there is a large group of people with a strong negative opinion against russia . 
  people in the west do not go as tourists to sankt peterburg , they go to paris etc. 
  i think we ate too much of the propaganda ourselves . 
  there 's russian propaganda and wetern propaganda . 
  news and politics news in particular are shit . 
  what scares me the most for the future is that they will still have nuclear weapons . 
  i did not know that portugal was a producer of lithium . 
  it would be foolish not to consider portugal with its access to ports they can easily deliver to plenty of european countries and there 's also the roads and other infrastructure . 
  a good portion of the money comes from russian/other tourists who will go to bulgaria instead of turkey . 
  2016 was the best year for the tourism business , it looks like 2017 will be another great year . 
  bulgaria and greece will have another great tourists season . 
  yeah !, 
  welcome bratushki !, 
  the very same thing was recently exposed in bulgaria . 
  if i remember correctly their job was to report on the `` gulenists '' . 
  this was done by bulgarian nationals who likely do not have a turkish citizenship . 
  it 's national treason basically . 
  you 're two hours away from paris by train so i can live with a bit of dull in my daily routines and in the weekends you can go outside of luxembourg easy, 
  i went there in march . 
  i enjoyed it a lot actually . 
  would live there for sure if it was not for the prices of real estate . 
  communism brought forth a high level of urbanization . 
  a poor family living in a village where they grow their own food and need children to help with the work would be a different story . 
  people living in apartments and being poor have no reason to make a lot of kids . 
  why are we given stats from 2010 ? 
  i do n't get this . 
  it 's almost 2017 . 
  yes, 
  this is an awesome idea  i would even raise to 5000 eur . 
  hope bulgaria follows suit soon . 
  go to the mountains if you go to bulgaria - rila 's seven lakes or pirin . 
  when they commit to zero exploitation of the arctic for oil drills i 'd be happy . 
  this only tells me i should be advertising on twitter . 
  seems like the western demographics use it a lot more . 
  thanks !, 
  i have listend to sonic syndicate , but did not know about the unguided !, 
  thanks man !, 
  do you have your own youtube playlist/favorites or spotify list you can share with me ? 
  there 's a long history of queen elizabeth choosing her outfits to convey a message . 
  in 1960 she receives the highest honor from the thai king . 
  during her visit to thailand she wore colors similar to that . 
  in 1975 in japan she wore cherry blossom resembling outfit . 
  in 1983 - when she visit ragen in the states , she wears a poppy flower dress which symbolizes california .
