  in 1986 when she visited china she wore a dress with the flower symbolising the country - peony . 
  gives me witcher 3 vibes . 
  i know sweden was a great power until mid 18th century after a lost war with russia . 
  i know swedish people are somehow great at esports , poker and other competitive activities . 
  sweden 's home to dreamhack which gives us great esport events each year as well . 
  some of my favorite metal bands come from sweden such as in flames . 
  that 's a great picture and a beautiful big ship . 
  some of the russian machines are fantastic to look at . 
  people are more tribal than some would like to believe ; we have lived in groups of us vs them for a long time . 
  monkeys still do and do not hesitate to eat each other . 
  nowadays , we humans divide ourselves by affiliation of our football club , political party , color , religion , country and so on . 
  hate can breed terrorism on each side . 
  war 's not gone from the world . 
  i refuse to take off my hat for islam , but i would not be violent against muslims as they 're just people . 
  we 're all just stupid people . 
  my condolences go to the victims of this tragedy . 
  and south stream was cancelled of course . 
  somehow it was about being tough against russia at the time . 
  we are so gullible . 
  i added you as a reddit friend . 
  if you like playing online games message me for a game . 
  i play dota 2 and gwent right now . 
  yes . 
  and for any japanese friends interested i can help you exporting natural lavender/rose products which i hear are quite popular in japan . 
  you have internet freedom to do whatever you want . 
  i hope we can become friends . 
  now we know who rules the uk from the shadows and his reddit account . 
  still strange there 're no bulgarians in macedonia . 
  there are documentaries from people who were young studends at the time of the changing of history . 
  they went to their classrooms and told people they 're not bulgarian , changed their history books etc. 
  i do not dispute anyone 's right to self-identify as a macedonian , however the repressions that went on in macedonia while it was part of yugoslavia are not to be downplayed . 
  their ridiculous history is a fiction born for political reasons and i will dispute it . 
  if anyone japanese is reading this , feel free to message me for a business partnerships . 
  sorry , i was bit defensive i guess by asking if this was a joke lol . 
  byzantium is pronounced with v too , if i am not mistaken this is the same in greek and bulgarian . 
  for some reason it 's a b in the western world . 
  they 're not hiding it , but it shows how easily you can change history . 
  at one point i realized arguing on the topic was not possible . 
  a notorious byzantine emperor from 11th century called `` bulgar-slayer '' waged war against a bulgarian king , who later was claimed to be a macedonian king according to the macedonians . 
  the bulgarian kingdom had ohrid as a capital for that period hence it is `` macedonian kingdom '' now and not bulgarian . 
  they could not erase the fact that the byzantium emperor was called bulgar-slayer however . 
  history is a strange thing . 
  i do n't think macedonians are hiding their secret identity . 
  they have created their own identity now and are a separate country . 
  i am not objective perhaps , but i believe from all i read and studied that those macedonians who speak almost the same language as us to be our brothers by dna and history , however by circumstances they have become a new people . 
  i do n't get the joke if it is one . 
  i pronounce it makedonia . 
  bulgaria always aligned itself in world wars with powers who promised it they could back territories where bulgarians lived . 
  that 's why we `` occupied '' macedonia in world war 1/2 . 
  fyi after these `` occupations '' we welcomed refugees from macedonia who called themselves bulgarian . 
  also a fun fact : a national hero for macedonians - \u0418\u043b\u044c\u043e \u0412\u043e\u0439\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0430 wanted to be buried in bulgaria . 
  still some macedonians today try to do all sorts of mental gymnastics to ignore their history . 
  which is why recently i decided to ignore history and present the cases through the lens of geography : http://macedoniabg.blogspot.bg/2016/12/names-of-cities-and-villages-macedonia.html there are documentaries from old macedonian bulgarians talking about the change of history books after they become part of yugoslavia . 
  it was a very deliberate operation to erase the bulgarian identity and it worked out . 
  actually even more recently . 
  we have entire neighborhoods in sofia which were populated by macedonian refugees after world war 1/the other balkan wars . 
  most people identified as bulgarians instead of macedonians . 
  for all of the macedonians about to post otherwise : proof 1 : http://i.imgur.com/d7akbra.jpg proof 2 : http://macedoniabg.blogspot.bg/2016/12/names-of-cities-and-villages-macedonia.html, 
  recent doctrine is not to target landing coutnries which serve as routes to the heart of europe . 
  so it 's very unlikely that you will see italy/greece as victims of terror attacks . 
  it would mean closure of the routes to europe if the border countries feel really threatened themselves . 
  started playing in 1993 with the men 's club and lasted until 2017 . 
  what a legend of a player this guy is . 
  the article was really pleasant to read , recommend it even to people who do not like football . 
  my grandfather told me he went a few villages over to search for a wife . 
  wonder know if this is why he did it . 
  my grandfather was not ugly ( blue eyes , tall ) . 
  cut welfare after the 2nd child for people with low incomes , provide big tax benefits for the high income bracket for a 3rd/4th child , for the middle class bracket provide substantial monetary benefits for the same . 
  demographics are the key to the future . 
  i wont claim that all europeans have the same culture . 
  however as a bulgarian who has studied the history of its own country i can tell you that 5 centuries under ottoman ( muslim ) rule were not fun . 
  most of our churches were built really small as otherwise they would be demolished ( could not be bigger than the mosque in the city ) . 
  something that is archaeologically provable and it is not a matter of discussion . 
  we were 2nd class `` free '' citizen-slaves who could only own a certain amount of land , had to work for free for a muslim each year , give away children to the army ( jannissaries ) . 
  xenophobia towards muslims is justified in my book . 
  and bulgaria lived for 5 centuries under ottoman rule . 
  i studied my country 's history and it was not fun . 
  i am kind of afraid for my grandchildren - what will happen when france is a muslim majority country with nukes ? 
  there 's one and it 's a final one . 
  stop parroting this line . 
  think for yourself . 
  scientology can be banned and you can ban islam as well if you want to . 
  this will have the opposite effect of course and it will do nothing . 
  but saying that a democracy can not ban a certain religion is stupid , it has been done . 
  religions are just big cults which we cling on to because we 're stupid as a society and can not reject . 
  the exchange rate between the lev and the euro is basically fixed at 1.96 . 
  there 's no fluctuation due to the currency board that we 're still part of . 
  it 's unusual for the majority of people i would say . 
  also , kind of what keeps me away from moving to one of these rich areas - buying your own place seems like a difficult task . 
  some of my friends who keep on renting have no real plan for the future imo . 
  they 're one layoff away from moving back with their parents . 
  luxembourg was pretty awesome . 
  i liked the vibe of the city a lot . 
  and if i remember correctly their mcdonalds was cheaper than the paris mcdonalds . 
  so in a way not as expensive as you would think . 
  my airbnb was right next to where the downtown started . 
  crazy expensive real estate in some areas - just inheriting a house in a good part of luxembourg makes you a millionaire . 
  nomadic people who came to europe in the 9th-12th century from india . 
  plenty of them do look like indians , but there 're exceptions of course . 
  the language they use varies from region to region even within a country and it becomes widely different from country to country .
