i agree that the process could be more efficient and criminals should be deported quicker . 
  the eu itself failed pretty hard at the refugee problem in general . 
  in the end that 's what lead to german response , taking in the refugees stranded in hungary . 
  the eu did n't give a shit that it 's smallest members were breaking under the influx of refugees at their borders . 
  and germany stept up to the plate but got shit on from every side for it . 
  the refugee problem was ignored by the eu ( including germany ) until it was to late . 
  they do n't deserve asylum . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  their asylum should be denied and they should be deported . 
  but they have the right to request asylum nontheless . 
  even if the request is bullshit . 
  that 's what the asylum process is for . 
  to weed out the bogus claims from the justified . 
  even asylum claims from `` secure '' countries can be justified ( snowden could be seen as an example for instance ) . 
  because a left wing government is the only realistic alternative to merkel . 
  unless the afd gains 51 % of the parlament there wo n't be a more right wing government party than the cdu, 
  everyone can request asylum . 
  even people from the usa could request it . 
  country of origin does n't influence that right . 
  but the country of origin will be taken into consideration while processing that request . 
  requesting asylum <  being granted asylum . 
  this is n't pushed by the media . 
  across all polls cdu is far ahead of everyone else . 
  january 1st actually . 
  well maybe there 'll be new elections and berlusconi will be pm again . 
  that 'll be fun and interesting , 
  more like hours : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=usd, 
  aaaaand it 's almost completely back up again : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=usd as if the referendum was hyped up to be more than it actually is . 
  sorry i wont feed you again . 
  it might be possible but not on that short notice i guess . 
  as i said again and again . 
  because the number of attacks was n't known until after the conference . 
  what would you have the media do ? 
  do an online poll `` were you sexually assaulted on new years ? '' . 
  that 's what police reports are for . 
  and this happened on the 4th now how about you disprove a claim of my article ? 
  well it was new years after all and i guess they were light on personell . 
  we do n't have a federal police . 
  they could have requested from neighbouring cities or counties but not in such short notice . 
  yes i agree . 
  in the video you see the huge number of people . 
  how could 80 cops get any control over those ? 
  i do think they did n't know the number of attacks at first and tried to keep it in the down low to cover themselves . 
  yeah because at first only a limited number of cases were known . 
  that 's why it was only local news at the start . 
  but that changed after the full scope became known . 
  yeah i think they knew something went down but they either did n't realize the scope or tried to cover their own ass . 
  sure : it 's a scandal that it took days for the media to pick up the reports , '' mr friedrich , who was angela merkel 's interior minister from 2011 to 2013 , said this is wrong . 
  the local media reported on it . 
  i tried https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;nv=1&amp;rurl=translate.google.de&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.sueddeutsche.de/medien/uebergriffe-an-silvester-warum-die-medien-so-spaet-ueber-koeln-berichteten-1.2808386&amp;usg=alkjrhjj4bya-2ox-yu3bnhzqdkfx-im3g it 's ok to read although cluncky and in part wrong words are used but it should be good enough . 
  they knew the `` party '' escalated but they did n't know about the number of assaults i presume . 
  ok what 's wrong about it ? 
  it states the events as they have happened . 
  or can you show a statement in the article thats wrong ? 
  that 's the point though . 
  until the press conference it was n't widely know . 
  there was not twitter hashtag or something like that . 
  that all started after the conference . 
  yes i do think they did n't know . 
  your article is wrong . 
  yeah the police is at fault . 
  they did n't know what went down because they were n't present . 
  that 's what allowed the escalation to take place in the first place . 
  all over the internet ? 
  i 'd like to see that seeing as even the police did make the facts public knowledge until the 4th . 
  because the reports about the assaults came in the days after new years . 
  why do you think the assaults happened in the first place ? 
  because the police presence was severely lacking that day . 
  they did n't know what went down . 
  they were not known by the media until the press conference on the 4th . 
  and after then it was reported . 
  there was media coverege from the 1st onwards but it was local first because no one knew that there were that many attacks . 
  the biggest news show reported it in the 4th, 
  and that 's what they did . 
  the police held a press conference on the 4th concerning the attacks and it was reported the same evening . 
  compared to the total number of reports in the end it 's not . 
  the total number is 10 times as high . 
  wow i really have to explain everything if i do n't want to be misunderstood . 
  i meant `` only '' not in a way to minimize the assaults but to show that the high numbers was only found out after the first reporting on it . 
  that 's because up until the 4th of january only 60 reports were made to the police . 
  that day they held a press conference and informed the public about it . 
  there was no other way for the media to know about the scope before that . 
  what are you on about ? 
  you can read the articles yourself and check the date . 
  just because it did n't make your facebook feed does n't mean it was n't reported . 
  the chief of the heute show ( zdf ) said that about his personal choice to wait on the reporting for more soundbites . 
  he regretted the decision to not report on the 4th of january . 
  this would have been shown at 7pm otherwise . 
  but an hour later at 8 pm the biggest news show tagesschau reported it . 
  oh sorry i did n't know you were mentally challanged and ca n't form coherent sentences . 
  i wo n't bother you anymore sorry . 
  and this proves what ? 
  one person made an error of judgement . 
  he admitted to it and rectified it the next day . 
  this concerned the heute show of january 4th 7 pm by the way . 
  an hour later the tagesschau , the highest regarded news show in germany , reported on it . 
  so your narrative of `` they tried to hide it '' is bullshit . 
  until the 4th of january the police had 60 reports of sexual assaults till the day of the press conference . 
  no where near the number we had 2 weeks later . 
  so yes the reporting was slow , but it was n't because of nefarious reasons .
