  of course they have would followed w. like a lapdog . 
   i do n't seem to recall libyan emigration to be a particular problem for europe . 
  you know exactly what i am talking about . 
  gaddafi 's downfall increased the amount of refugees considerably . 
   in fact to blame the iraq invasion solely on the uk ( for europe ) is also laughable . 
  the uk gladly took part in that endeavour ; the biggest european nation involved in the campaign . 
  being a willing tool for the us does not absolve one from any blame last time i checked . 
  nobody is giving up any sovereignty by taking in refugees of war . 
  and it 's not like the us is any help in this so your input is not required in any way . 
   i do n't give a shit about them . 
  great attitude . 
  i really hope for you this is just your irish anger talking . 
   my country has enough to deal with propping up german banking debts . 
  yeah after getting bailed out by said germans you do n't get any right to complain :d  we do n't have fertility problems like germans appear to have . 
  yeah i bet your lasses keep on breeding more unemployed , good for you . 
  and that 's coming from an irishman . 
  the irish who are so in favour of humans rights when it 's about pr stunts like gay marriage but apparently do n't apply said rights to refugees of war . 
  millions of your people found a new home in north america during the famine , but the plight of syrians means nothing to you ? 
  it is about refugees from iraq and syria , no the whole 3rd world . 
  as i already said , yeah . 
   there would be war and refugees in the middle east even with no ~ ~ western ~ ~ anglo intervention . 
  ftfy got ta keep that anglo-american hate bandwagon rolling !, 
  i really like how you internalised that attitude of wrecking chaos and death everywhere and excuse it with : ` people would be dying anyways ! ', 
   are you blaming the uk for not being as altruistic as you are ( which is folly , considering they have one of the highest foreign born numbers in europe ) or for ` starting ' a war ? 
  how are percentages of immigrants a sign of altruism ? 
  the uk has a 0.5 % bigger share of immigrants as part of the whole population compared to germany . 
  yet the uk is the one being a dick . 
   the current uk government did n't send people to iraq back in the early 2000s . 
  how can they be blamed ? 
  as if cameron would have passed on the opportunity to bomb shit if he were pm in 2003 . 
  also the current government did bomb libya to oust gaddafi and failed completely in syria . 
  you 're getting it wrong . 
  nobody aside from you is talking about the empire that is no more . 
  i 'm pretty sure the invasion of iraq and the ensuing destabilisation of the middle east was in 2003 and not in 1903 . 
   i 'd wager britain has more immigrants/citizens of indian/pakistani heritage than germany has of the middle-east immigrants/citizens combined . 
  what do people of the former raj have to do with present day refugees from iraq and syria ? 
  what are you getting at ? 
  edit : additionally you would definitely loose that wager . 
  germany has more people of turkish decent than there are citizens of indian/pakistani heritage in the uk combined . 
  and that 's not even counting iraqis , syrians and lebanese in germany . 
   also while i am also against the war in the middle-east , you 're implying your country `` had to '' take in those refugees , as if you were in a position like turkey was . 
  what would be the alternative ? 
  are you really implying that deporting refugees back into a war zone is a good idea ? 
  they do show up on our doorstep , so we do have to take them in . 
  in what way was there any choice in dealing with refugees ? 
  it must be so nice to fuck up the middle east with your anglo buddies and leave the rest of europe to deal with the ensuing masses of refugees while sitting on your island sipping tea . 
  edit : thanks for the gold !, 
   i 'm not sure it 's that rare of an occurrence . 
  where do all of the missing kids go ? 
  which is not the case at all . 
  kidnappings of minors have a detection rate of nearly 100 % . 
  most unsolved cases involve refugees and international custody battles . 
  the stasi kidnapped a lot of political dissidents , imprisoned them and tried to pawn them off to west germany in order to get foreign currency . 
  how fucked up do have to be to think a police state is in any way a reasonable response to kidnappings ? 
  especially since kidnappings are a really rare occurrence and blown out of proportion by media couverage . 
  yup . 
  the [ boner killer ] ( https://youtu.be/fqtu5gus_-s?t=76 ) among the german dialects . 
  i like it how cases like this one bring out the worst in people . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the kidnapper got a compensation but had to pay the court fees equal to the amount of his granted compensation . 
  he got no monetary benefit from the whole affair . 
  you 're more than welcome . 
  please drop by any time with that profound and keen insight of yours . 
  it 's a salute . 
  i 'm saluting you for gracing me with your dank / r/militaryporn / knowledge . 
   you 're like what germany would be if they had n't spent the last 60 years castrating themselves and becoming as useless and selfish as possible . 
  07 07 thank you for you service , general arm chair . 
  * sigh * here , have an upvote . 
  and how about wolfgang p\u0159iklopil ? 
  that would be so worth it . 
  the legal status of what ? 
   aber auch in den staatlichen safari areas wie den matetsi units direkt * am * hwange nationalpark , hunting in the park itself is prohibited , but not in the surrounding areas . 
  again that 's why they lured him out of the park . 
  yeah no . 
  theo bronkhorst is a professional hunter and not a governmental entity . 
  palmer and him both knew very well that hunting in hwange national park was illegal . 
  thus they did deliberately something illegal by luring the lion out of said park . 
  does luring an animal out of a protected space in order to kill it seem like a legal safari to you ? 
  not really since every country you mentioned is far ahead of germany in terms of english proficiency . 
  did you work in germany for a german company ? 
  it 's more of a matter of practicality . 
  why should germans speak english at work with other germans ? 
  in addition the english proficiency is usually not good enough in order to efficiently use english only in the office . 
  in germany 's case the vocational training system and the universities of applied science . 
  they create a highly employable workforce through an practically relevant education . 
  another aspect that is often forgotten : demographics . 
  the generation entering the workforce right now is significantly smaller which even leaves apprenticeship training positions in low paying industries vacant . 
  europe is not a single country . 
  there are countries in europe with lower youth unemployment rates and countries with higher unemployment rates compared to the us and japan . 
  an average of all of these countries wo n't yield many answers to op 's question . 
  yeah * that * is the flaw in today 's europe . 
  this article is a great contribution to the debate . 
  it gives great insight , is adequately thorough in its intellectual approach , clearly narrows down the problem and offers approaches to solve said problem . 
  except it does none of those things . 
  mauritania knows how to keep the wages down . 
  / s [ it 's a really sad issue . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_mauritania ), 
  thank god the french were n't selling the them anything . 
  or the americans ... 
   would give my left ball to live there , even though i only hear bad things about the city itself for no reason .
