  may i ask why ? 
  it 's really the most boring of the bigger german cites . 
  like hanover-level boring . 
  it 's not a legal requirement . 
  since there is a only very small amount of children put up for adoption , the agencies have strict criteria for the would-be-parents . 
  single people often times do n't stand a chance . 
  which makes it hard for gay couples , since their only way to adopt is when one partner adopts and the other one successively adopts his partners kid . 
  gays ca n't adopt as a couple , which very likely violates their constitutional rights . 
  the federal constitutional court will have to decide on this matter and force merkel 's hand , so she can sell to her base that she has to budge to those pesky dictators in red robes . 
  true . 
  saxonian = instant boner killer . 
   no , i think in this you are kidding yourself . 
  clearly germany is calling the shots in the eurogroup at the moment and many countries are happy to follow the german position without making too many waves . 
  calling the shots ? 
  with what political power ? 
  yes , but it just tastes disgusting no matter which season you drink it in . 
  not really . 
  the eu is a red rag to the average tory backbencher no matter what . 
   kaffeehaus  source : i live in germany . 
  yeah i 'm calling bullshit on that . 
  solving greece 's crisis and the shortage of organ donations at the same time . 
  wolfgang probably really believes that he 's a genius . 
   what is happening today though is germany wants to acquire greece . 
  it is not about the money any more . 
  nobody in his right mind would shackle that dead weight to himself . 
  yeah just no . 
   the day europe pays trillions of dollars back to africa in reparation is the day we will know that europe is n't destabilizing africa africa is doing the destabilising on its own , no neo-colonial european interference needed . 
  the amount of civil wars speaks for itself . 
  and why do you conflate every european nation in that regard ? 
  there were only a handful of european powers with african colonies . 
   if you think europe is constantly monitoring and destabilizing africa while stealing everything it can , then you are deluded . 
  your own sentence sums up your rambling pretty well . 
   `` ein volk , ein reich , ein ticket ''  [ he also claims that women are generally less intelligent than men . 
  to back up this claim he pointed out that in top 100 chess players there is only one woman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janusz_korwin-mikke#controversy ) he seems like a swell guy :d, 
  it 's part of his persona as the pub landlord . 
  murray actually did a really nice documentary on germany a few years back . 
  a lot of people have trouble keeping austria and australia apart . 
  729.85 americans per square metre . 
  maybe a little bit too cramped . 
   [ ... ] but both butter and olive oil have too low a burning point to cook steak on . 
  your comment should be right at the top . 
  the smoke point of a fat is essential . 
  both butter and olive oil are less than ideal for cooking steaks . 
  sarcasm my dear . 
  i even tagged it . 
  i love the fact that she left her walking frame in the car park and eloped with her lover to stockholm . 
  you go girl !, 
   i ca n't believe such a thing as an ` anti-jewification ' is even possible in the modern uk . 
  i thought the uk was better than this . 
  [ thank god facism is non-existant in cyprus . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elam_%28cyprus%29 ) / s there are nutters everywhere . 
  it does n't disparage a whole nation . 
  i really hope that the mp 's tour around europe brings further embarrassing facts about the bnd to light . 
  yes it did . 
   i hate to tell you this , but most homegrown terrorists come from middle class backgrounds , not poverty . 
  that is true , i linked something on that down this thread . 
   the `` poverty '' excuse is always the first thing people throw out when trying to get around the real issue . . which is the massively intolerant religion of islam itself . 
  you 're painting with a very broad brush now . 
  the quote is taken out of a longer text and i can see how that can rise an eyebrow . 
  it 's a legitimate study though and nobody is trivialising industrialised genocide . 
  do you happen to live in germany ? 
  that 's actually true and there are even [ studies in this subject . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2015/03/25/why-well-educated-westerners-are-joining-the-islamic-state/ ), 
  there is nothing wrong with the french society per se , it 's just that high youth unemployment and poverty are the ideal breeding ground for extreme ideologies of any fashion . 
  [  in a bertelsmann study published in spring 2015 , only 40 percent of those surveyed agreed that germany bore a special responsibility towards the jewish people . 
  about two-thirds and almost 80 percent of 18-to 29-year-olds expressed resentment at still being held responsible for the crimes against the jews . 
  ] ( http://www.swp-berlin.org/fileadmin/contents/products/comments/2015c27_ass.pdf ) well they wo n't be able to maintain that guilt for much longer . 
   but most people also know someone personally whose family was forced out of palestine by israel bullshit . 
  how so ? 
  i know that bloodlands has received mixed reviews , but that does not imply that he is academically incompetent . 
  some people put it in coffee , but i 's not really common anymore . 
  yeah that can actually skew the numbers quite a bit i think . 
   you can have multiple places of residency in germany , and i do n't think you even have to register the place where you actually live . 
  no , you have to declare a main residency and a lot municipalities collect hefty taxes if you have additional residencies . 
  [ he ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joachim_sauer ) is a professor of quantum chemistry at humboldt university . 
   this will require nato to have partners like germany and italy step it up on troop numbers and modern hardware and the like . 
  you say that like it 's the easiest thing in the world to pull off . 
  the government is not blocking youtube videos , but thanks for displaying the american ignorance we all have come to love . 
  i think france begs to differ . 
  indexing of a book/movie/game means that ads are prohibited and the seller has to make sure the customer is an adult . 
   but als long as germans are happy with that and supporting their beloved and smart politicans , why not . 
  they are certainly not beloved . 
  most people could n't care less so it 's not an issue on the political agenda right now . 
  books like 50 shades of grey are not put on the index . 
  and even if that were the case , the book would not be banned . 
  indexing of a book/movie/game means that ads are prohibited and the seller has to make sure the customer is an adult . 
  well , i 'd rather live in a country with ridiculous laws regarding the internet than in a country that allows the [ slaying of hundreds of thousands of baby seals . 
  ] ( http://www.all-creatures.org/articles/ar-human-28-01.jpg ), 
  it may not be in europe , but argentinians love to point out their european heritage so it 's a fair point . 
  it really is . 
  they still kept the pledge of allegiance though . 
  definitely read it . 
  how else would you know the worth of the murder victim 's house or how the european commission wants to put down your dog ? 
  jealous finns being salty for losing in maths obviously / s, 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://twinanutshell.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/jim-carrey-dumb-and-dumber.gif ), 
  interesting . 
  do you happen to know in which video he confused mont saint-michel for a castle ? 
  i know , i already said that the gendarmerie is part of the armed forces . 
  still that 's : 1 ) for historic reasons 2 ) they are now under jurisdiction of the ministry of the interior .
