  instead they slapped on the hussar wings and put on the tin foil hat and went full retard instead . 
  itt : people who equate multikulti with multiculturalism, 
   i 'm strongly starting to suspect that merkel may be bi-polar . 
  that 's just the picture painted by the anglo press . 
  it does n't really fit reality . 
   one minute she swings open germany 's doors and allows 1 million syrians into her country it 's just political move to appear handling this mess . 
  the masses would have washed over europe no matter what . 
  so at least she appeared to be acting instead of reacting . 
   and the next she is saying that multiculturalism is a failure and that germany ca n't take any more migrants . 
  multikulti is a failure . 
  google leitkultur and multikulti . 
  she never stated that germany ca n't take any more migrants . 
  i doubt you even read the article . 
  want to put your polish death camps to use again ? 
  why should they heap a truckload of abuse onto them ? 
  defence companies have a shitty standing in germany , and deals with orban would n't help them in the slightest . 
   so much historical illiteracy ... ... that led to the sad state the middle east is in . 
  yep . 
  true , but the quote is more about being allied with the austrians and their ugly habit of fucking things up . 
  like they did with the balkans . 
  your beaches are really marvellous though . 
  put it this way : the anglos and the french did their very best to fuck up the region . 
   * the whole of the balkans is not worth the bones of a single pomeranian grenadier . 
  that 's just bullshit , carson is the only non-white candidate in the race . 
  `` let me tell you about your country ... '', 
   i never knew that baden-w\u00fcrttemberg had also nutjobs who want to become a independent nation . 
  have n't heard about anything in that regard either . 
  in addition i do n't think baden and w\u00fcrttemberg would stay together for too long after a hypothetical independence ... 
  we 're finally being able to export tanks again . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable since your whole argumentation is based on the 2008 film `` die welle '' , you may want to read up on that . 
  spoiler alert : it 's not censorship . 
  that is indeed troubling . 
  great , now i need some eye bleach . 
  on a related note : a twitter posting `` cute dead guys '' ? 
  really ? 
  http://www.bundesaerztekammer.de/ueber-uns/aerztestatistik/aerztestatistik-der-vorjahre/aerztestatistik-2013/abwanderung-von-aerzten-ins-ausland/ it 's a source from the german medical association . 
  about 3000 physicians left germany in 2013 , mostly heading for switzerland , the us and austria . 
  that would implicate quite a demand for new doctors imo . 
   western europeans receive the economic activity from this brain drain and get access to those countries markets . 
  pretty good deal for them too . 
  in the bigger picture this is definitely true , but in this case of healthcare the picture does look a bit different . 
  a lot of the doctors moving west are just replacing the ones that moved on to non-eu contries like canada , norway or australia . 
  the western eu is not the end of the chain in this case , just the middleman . 
  ` do n't violate turkey 's air space . 
  ' , or something along those lines . 
  enjoy the butthurt ? 
  i mean sarmatae is right in the middle of this mess ... 
  these attitudes are very prevalent in every thread concerning those topics . 
  and your comment just proves my point , you clearly adhere to the delusional black & white narrative in geopolitics . 
  i despise russia , that still does n't mean that i welcome any retarded opinion from eastern european redditors concerning russia . 
  the comments there and on the russian websites should be more than enough material for a very good comic indeed . 
  [ at least someone is bringing the russians the simple truth ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/3u25r5/how_should_russia_respond_to_turkey_shooting_down/cxb8u30 ), 
  `` the russians murdered our ~ ~ potato ~ ~ president in the smolensk crash ... '' `` northstream = molotov-ribbentrop 2.0 '' and any fear of an eminent invasion . 
  you should choose better examples next time , yours do no make any sense . 
   once again , `` national inferiority complexes '' - a buzzword to dismiss the concerns of , say , the baltics , towards a russia that just recently annexed land and stoked war in a neighbouring country . 
  legitimate concerns are one thing , stooping down on russia 's level of idiotic nationalism is another . 
  there is no better word to describe the way of discussing on this sub . 
  we have moved passed any concerns based in reality to a realm where national inferiority complexes reign supreme . 
  this is / r/europe , facts and polls do n't matter . 
  only ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ central european butthurt . 
  the german and french navy did it too . 
  what exactly is our fault ? 
  the afd is lacking a wilders or a haider . 
  they have no charismatic front runner who can walk the thin line of populism and bind disillusioned voters to the party . 
  unless that changes , i do n't think the afd will become main stream . 
  the afd has really become a haven for gdr nostalgics , xenophobes , nazi apologists , tin foil hat wearers and people who are angry and disillusioned with the political system . 
  a real unstable concoction , with constant bickering among the different party wings . 
  it 's a wonder they still exist . 
   a tv series is currently breaking viewer records in poland . 
  `` girls from lviv '' tells the story of four ukrainian friends in poland . 
  one starts working as a cleaning lady for a successful polish attorney . 
  not among the usual suspects : hans fallada 's alone in berlin , also known as every man dies alone . 
   hitler was a great painter not according to that art school in vienna which rejected him . 
  if only they had accepted his application ... 
  he gets to play bad cop in order to stop the erosion of union 's party base . 
  quite obviously to be honest . 
  woah no backsies . 
  we 're just glad we exported most of our retarded nobility so they ca n't do much damage around here . 
  they forgot at least 4 breweries in lower saxony . 
  also i do n't think it 's matter of being liberal , it 's just a matter of taste . 
  the have been drowning in money for years by now . 
  unlike their customers who often just drowned in the sea . 
   too easy mate . 
  you are a self-confessed economic migrant , the international protection system is not for you it 's for people fleeing war and political , religious , ethnic and other kinds of persecution . 
  sadly there are plenty of people around here who would gladly let them stay , spiting in the face of the others who really need protection and the immigrants coming here legally . 
  plus there are ways to delay your deportation indefinitely . 
  they have little to fear . 
  your conflating the eu with the member states . 
  the former is powerless without consent from the latter . 
  so germany has no sufficient support for a quota distribution in any deciding eu governing body , and thus the reaction should be to strongarm other countries fall in line by withholding funds ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  it 's not the countries rejecting this nonsense that are eroding the european idea , it 's brain farts like this one and wannabe hegemons like you . 
  lovely take on eu cooperation you got there . 
  you are a true european . 
  the russian anthem without a doubt . 
  the french , italian and german anthems a great contenders , too . 
  somebody spent to much time in poland a. 
  that 's pretty dumb for a correspondent whose declared favourite country is poland . 
  both private and public broadcasters fail to inform the public in an unbiased way .
