  it 's more about people not doing their fair share in helping the refugees they created . 
  and at the same time pointing fingers at people who actually do shelter said refugees . 
   the us should take in far more refugees than they currently do , though i am not sure how that would work out . 
  quotas distributing refugees among the eu and north america would be a start . 
   the implication in your comment here was clearly that the gov ' was acting the will of the people , otherwise it makes no sense as a rebuttal to what you were responding to . 
  that 's just the implications that fits your distorted narrative . 
   so what point does the comment i linked even have after this admission ? 
  it no longer makes any sense as a rebuttal . 
  have you considered the possibility that people in a representative democracy can not wiggle out of responsibilities heaped onto them by current and former governments by claiming that the government does not or did not represent their interests ? 
   it 's clear as day you realised it was dumb and backtracked , so i 'm out . 
  the only thing that 's clear as day is that you had no argument to stand on from the beginning , failed to get the point , became condescending and chose to avoid any further discussion . 
  great way to conduct a discussion . 
  i mean sheltering refugees is totally akin to starting a world war . 
  it 's a really dank comparison . 
  great input darling . 
  do you mean dense as in choosing ` mongoloid ' as a user name ? 
  iraq is now firmly under the influence of teheran , to whole region became completely unstable . 
  influence-wise there is was little profit . 
  and the war cost trillions of dollars and caused a major war weariness . 
  not exactly a success story . 
  [ that even became relevant in the us  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/definitions_of_whiteness_in_the_united_states#finnish_americans )  on january 4 , 1908 , a trial was held in minnesota about whether john svan and several other finnish immigrants would become naturalized united states citizens or not , as the process only was for `` whites '' and `` blacks '' in general , and district prosecutor john sweet was of the opinion that finnish immigrants were mongols . 
   first you disguised backtracking with semantics , and now you 're just trying to slide into some other context . 
  you 're just trying weasel out of dumb statements . 
  my statements are correct , no backtracking involved . 
  it 's the two of you that over-read the little word * can * and went all outrage which amuses me a great deal . 
  you are desperately grasping for something that is just not there and you can downvote me all you want . 
  you whole point is moot . 
  i doubt that there was any profit to be had . 
   them : `` i did n't fuck up x , my government did against my will '' you got it all wrong . 
  a brit blames the germany for helping syrian refugees . 
  i point out that the uk with their allies helped topple saddam and created the is down the road ( see my discussion with live_free ) . 
  whether you supported the iraq invasion or not , you do n't get to point fingers at people who fulfil the right of asylum granted by the german constitution and the universal declaration of human rights . 
  after he brought up pointless semantics about people and their government in the first place . 
  so spare me the passive-aggressive crap . 
  oh , not at all . 
  you make a far better point than me right now . 
  i know the situation is far more complex . 
  i 'm just really pissed at the people pointing fingers for helping syrian refugees with them not being innocent in said refugees ' occurrence . 
  [  i really do n't get you . 
  why do you talk about the electorates when i blame the us and their allied governments that fucked up the middle east for decades ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ivxmn/this_flag_was_on_a_finnish_reception_centre_today/cukhc0o ) that was an hour ago . 
   i said governments got a mandate by the electorate and thus can rightfully claim to execute said eletorate 's will . 
   i never said that they actually do what the citizens of a nation want . 
  [  everything you said is correct and none of this is relevant . 
  i just wan na know why he brought up this government/will of the people dilemma in the first place . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ivxmn/this_flag_was_on_a_finnish_reception_centre_today/cukhq9r ) i clarified this with keepeetron also an hour ago . 
   backpeddling now , are we ? 
  you read things in my posts that are n't there . 
  i keep correcting you that claiming to have mandate and actually implementing the will of the people are two separate things . 
  i still do n't get your problem tbh . 
  i said that the governments can * claim * to execute the will of the people since they * do * have of mandate from their sovereign in a representative democracy . 
  i left out on purpose whether they do implement the will of the people or not . 
  saddam 's and gaddafi 's downfall are two factors that greatly increased the amount of refugees arriving here . 
  i never claimed that the middle east was paradise before 2003 . 
  i just really do n't like it when nations that greatly contributed to the present day situation now hide on their islands and put the blame on people giving shelter to the refugees . 
  it so dishonest . 
  you brought it up in the first place ffs . 
  i said that governments do have a rightful claim to a mandate by the electorate in a democracy . 
  whether the really do execute the will of the people , that 's a whole other story . 
  why are you making a point out of nothing ? 
  i never said that every anglo has blood on their hands . 
  that 's what you think , do n't you ? 
  in response to the moot post you made in the first place . 
  no reason to downvote me just because you ca n't read or more specifically read things into people 's post that are just not there . 
   it can be said that western intervention did n't solve the problem ; hell , it most likely contributed to it . 
  the demise of saddam and his ba'ath party is inherently connected to the rise of the islamic state . 
  and said terror group is displacing millions of people syrians and kurds . 
  a lot of these refugees arrive on our doorstep right now . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  i never blamed the people in the first place so you all getting worked up is moot . 
  i said governments got a mandate by the electorate and thus can rightfully claim to execute said eletorate 's will . 
  i never said that they actually do what the citizens of a nation want . 
  everything you said is correct and none of this is relevant . 
  i just wan na know why he brought up this government/will of the people dilemma in the first place . 
   that 's a bullshit argument . 
  you do know that , do n't you ? 
  great way of putting forth an argument . 
  kudos to you . 
   you really think that the invasion of the me came down to a vote , anywhere ? 
  and that ordinary citizens thought that they would benefit from it in anyway ? 
  the 1 % runs the world . 
  stop blaming the little people for the actions of the 1 % , otherwise you give the 1 % more power . 
  i really do n't get you . 
  why do you talk about the electorates when i blame the us and their allied governments that fucked up the middle east for decades ? 
   not all of these immigrants are refugees or war and even then , europe ca n't be expected to take in every refugee from every disparate country all over the world . 
  i consistently referred to refugees from syria and iraq who were displaced through the middle eastern collapse of stability . 
  do n't pull out the straw man . 
   just because my native government is unhelpful means nothing to me , and it means nothing to the people of the us . 
  the idea that the government accurately represents the populace is absurd . 
  last time i checked the us is a representative democracy so your government does represent and executes the will of the electorate . 
   and whether the us is helping or not is completely irrelevant to this conversation . 
  i 'm not an agent of the us government , hell you do n't even know if i currently live in the us . 
  and i do n't care where you live or pretend to live . 
  you enter this sub spewing your bullshit about losing sovereignty and birth rates with an us flair . 
  your the answer to questions nobody asked , so get lost . 
  every single one of them is a representative democracy , so their respective elected governments can rightfully claim that they were acting according to their citizens ' will . 
   how ? 
  why ? 
  * creating the reasons for the refugees to flee their home in the first place by destabilising the whole middle east * attracting thousands of additional economic migrants through a sizeable market for unreported employment * help killing any meaningful and coordinated response of the eu member states * putting the blame on the continental european nations  so we 're resorting to presumptions , are we ? 
  the government that was sulky after kerry called france america 's oldest and best ally ?
