  also get a reality check : if you have logistical problems maintaining a tiny operation in syria , then you really are not exactly a credible threat to nato . 
  and stop your attempts at a pan-russian nation . 
  there are so many websites for russian mail-order brides . 
  if they ca n't wait to leave russia , then apparently nobody wants to join your shithole of a country anyway . 
  i could say fuck you uk for fucking up the middle east with your former colony and leaving the rest of europe to deal with the consequences , or fuck you uk for your finance industry since only twats work in finance . 
  but i wo n't say that , because with your women , your food and your beer you have been cursed enough and kicking somebody when they are down is n't fair . 
  also england should stop pretending that they are rivalling germany in football . 
  it 's amusing but with time this gets rather irritating . 
  on that note : fuck you netherlands , for your embarrassing national team . 
  get your shit together . 
  we really need a derby against you guys . 
  fuck you saxony . 
  your dialect is so dreadful and your inhabitants are a cause for national shame . 
  your dialect is only slightly less disgusting compared to saxon , and you 're basically a giant whorehouse for underfucked frenchmen . 
  might as well join their country . 
  fuck you austria , you 're basically a balkan state with partly german place names . 
  your habsburg empire was so hilariously incompetent and ill-governed , it 's a miracle you made it work for so long . 
  it 's not something to be proud of , you 'd better bury it for good and never speak of it again . 
  also stop kidnapping and rapping people in your weird bunker cellars . 
  fuck you france , [ 1871 best year of my life . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/wernerprokla.jpg ) / rant . 
  moldova would be my first choice . 
  the only thing i know about this country is that it 's the poorest in europe . 
  and consequently a large amount of children there are raised by close family members , because their parents are abroad making money in italy or spain to support them . 
   after all , poland 's participation would have undoubtedly strengthened europe 's hand . 
  that 's a bold claim to say the least . 
   is this just an american thing ? 
  yup . 
     but , there 's a lot of pkk apologists in europe , especially in germany  , so those facts will get downvoted , because how dare anyone talk ill about the pkk . 
  well , there are a lot of kurds in germany , so that 's not a surprise . 
  you 're kind of missing the point : european defence spending is in reality only about industrial politics . 
  the defence minister often do n't buy what is needed , but what the domestic producers offer . 
  it 's about keeping jobs , not what would the be militarily wise thing to do . 
   for germany : depends on the region mostly , but austria for most people hahaha . 
  god no . 
  first of all : health care is not free everywhere , i pay for it every month albeit only half of it . 
  the other half is paid by my employer . 
  the author wrongly believes that all of europe has a british style nhs and that alone shows how little he knows about this topic . 
  do you want a complete breakdown of why this blog post is complete bullshit btw ? 
  even though the alternatives for the office are bleak , i can not wait for her era to end . 
   like someone else in this thread said `` capitalize profits - nationalize losses '' . 
  and i replied why that statement is dumb . 
   which only became `` systemic '' because they were always `` too big to fail '' . 
  except for the fact that they only became this because regulators failed and did n't enforce anti-trust legislation . 
   ah , ok , you 're a troll . 
  you had me . 
   i guess the discussion is over . 
  since you never contributed anything of substance , then yeah i guess so . 
   just because `` db is a german company '' ? 
  what logic is that ? 
  why do you care so much about german tax payer money ? 
  why should n't they bailout a company of strategic national interest ? 
  it 's not like they 're taking somebody else 's tax money . 
   should we start bailing out every mis-managed local business just because `` muh national pride '' ? 
  ` we ' are n't doing anything . 
  it 's not about national pride , but about systemic banks . 
  but nice to see that you did n't read the article . 
   why does a bunch of managers and shareholders matter more than elderly people and children ? 
  just because the shareholders are german and the children are greek ? 
  welcome to capitalism . 
   german double standards at its best . 
  the polish inferiority complex at its best . 
   so it 's ok for greeks to suffer through shit but not for germans ? 
  if you completely ignore any causes for greece 's demise , then yeah one could make a dumb statement like that . 
   in both cases local population wo n't benefit . 
  the local population does n't benefit from being spared suffering through a financial meltdown ? 
   sorry but 90 % of the money given in the most current bailout went straight back to financial institutions . 
  greece was nothing more than a passthrough for it . 
  citation needed . 
   if something is too big to fail , it is too big to exist . 
  if we could ask ourselves ` could we survive without bank x ? ', 
  and the answer is no , then bank x needs to be restructured into a form where we can answer ` yes ' . 
  that 's rephrasing what i already said . 
   loans were given to greece to save the domestic banks first and foremost . 
  that applies only to the first round of loans . 
  from which the french banks profited the most since they had the biggest exposure to greek loans . 
   now they 're doing it again - because they apparently can . 
  there is no indication that db requires any bailouts . 
  in case the necessity arises , regulators have to answer a lot of questions for sure . 
   socialize the losses , capitalize the profits . 
  that 's the failure of anti-trust policies . 
  banks should n't become so systemically relevant that their bankruptcy can crash a whole currency . 
  you really see no difference between baling out a * domestic * bank and giving loans to greece ? 
  clara schumann should included on that list as well , makes it less of a sausage fest . 
  where did i say that ? 
   if you treat a country that is 27 times bigger than germany as a single country then yes . 
  why should n't i ? 
  you do n't need a lot of area for drastic disparities in social indicators . 
  in fact for a lot of them , it 's completely irrelevant . 
  and murica big is a poor argument . 
  whole subs are devoted to it in fact . 
   there 's some god awful places in north america . 
  but there 's plenty of perfectly nice places too where the most likely thing to kill you is a cheese burger . 
  i never denied that , hence the ' ... if you are into statistics ' . 
  averages are handy but only give a poor perspective on regional variations . 
  i meant your * home * , with kialbasa instead of wei\u00dfwurst , pierogi instead of kn\u00f6del and hospitable poles instead of provincial bavarians . 
  made you feel right at home , did n't it ? 
  * http://www.werbe-post.de/rag-wp/docs/1222221/region swordman attacks police officers and is stopped by 2 shots in the leg . 
  these are just 2 examples from the last 2 months . 
  depending on the situation , police officers do aim to incapacitate a perpetrator instead of killing him outright .
