  3 ) they are clearly trained for policing duties , because they policing the countryside of france the gendarmerie is a police force in everything but its name . 
  the wikipedia article clearly says that their role is law enforcement . 
  the national guards on the other hand are a reserve military forces . 
  that 's the difference i 'm pointing out . 
  or were you referring to something else ? 
  and ? 
  the police forces of france are more than capable to curtail a riot like this one . 
  guardsmen are soldiers which differ drastically in the way they approach civil unrest compared to trained police officers . 
  it 's not their job to police , it 's not what they are trained for . 
  the jackets of the officers in the video have crs on the back , which are the riot control forces of the french national police . 
  so they are deploying forces trained for situations like this . 
  they is also the gendarmerie nationale which is a branch of the armed forces charged with public safety . 
  they would also be capable to handle this . 
  deploying soldiers like the us national guard would be a terrible idea in this situation . 
  it really is an odd critique . 
  especially putting boehner in a german outfit . 
  due to his surname it 's surely fitting , but a blocked budget would not possible under the current parliamentary system in germany either . 
  and the economist has an axe to grind with the france somehow . 
  i really like the the magazine , but in respect to france they really tend to go overboard . 
  was n't this about the political grid lock with debt ceilings etc ? 
  the economist is n't exactly fond of continental politcs so ` european ' equates decline in this case . 
   criticising not renewing military bases and also military problems in germany = being off topic ? 
  those installations have been defunct since at least the nineties when most of the nato troops left . 
  they are no more buildings left , it 's just federal owned barren land . 
  turning them into nature reserves is the logical thing to do . 
  the defence budget is irrelevant to preserving habitats for threatened species . 
  your comment is so far off-topic , it 's really not worth the hassle . 
  in general : the higher you are on the social ladder , the less likely you will have a large family . 
  france and sweden being the notable exceptions , because they manage to have a great child care . 
  i think the availability of affordable care for your kids outweighs any other factor , especially later entrance into the work force . 
  ok i can see the reasoning behind that . 
  but i do n't think that solely streamlining the education system is going to cut it . 
  there are a lot more factors that play into this . 
  like wage progression or the costs of housing and child care . 
  education has nothing to do with this . 
  having kids means taking a hit in your standard of living . 
  people want to advance their careers so their increased income cushions that blow . 
  was n't there some reddit rule concerning self-promotion ? 
   the last time europeans weregforced to cut and privatize to this extent , putin was the result . 
  how do you come to this conclusion ? 
  [ grandma 's reward for good grades , ] ( http://www.stadtarchiv.goettingen.de/bilder/10_dm_schein.jpg ) i 'll never forget that one . 
  the only bill i miss . 
  none . 
  there are probably more movies about the personal chef of hitler 's dog than there are movies about this crucial event in history . 
   it 's just infuriating to many people that an economic powerhouse like germany , who could easily afford to pay the 2 % , is intentionally gaming the system and exploiting it . 
  well we pay for the brunt of the refugee crisis which was exacerbated by idiotic nato members deluding themselves into thinking they still have a relevant military . 
  in addition : even raising the budget would make our armed forces stronger . 
  you 're welcome . 
  [ this ] ( http://image.shutterstock.com/z/stock-photo-paris-france-november-two-unidentified-men-in-santa-claus-hats-cook-and-sell-kebab-at-187251797.jpg ) is the closest thing i could find . 
  although in this case santa defends himself and beats the living crap out of our naughty little englander . 
  and then goes back to hand out delicious kebabs . 
  because the people flaunting their heritage cling to an out-dated disney version of their supposed homeland 's culture that is so deviated from reality , it stops being funny and becomes really irritating . 
  add to that a lack of language proficiency and it starts to annoy people . 
  enjoy it while it lasts . 
  just wait until more and more americans put canadian flags on their backpacks . 
  it 's only downhill from there . 
  your sex tourists keep the economy of saarbr\u00fccken afloat so we cut you some slack . 
  in berlin it has to be the brits . 
  they somehow release their inner twat as soon as they are drunk . 
  do n't get me wrong , in berlin there are thousands of young people from all over the world drinking too much cheap booze and party loudly . 
  but if you see a drunk person starting a fistfight with a kebab store owner , it 's a sure bet he 's got a british passport . 
  no need , belgium 's roads are your best defence . 
  even the torsion bar suspension of a mbt ca n't deal with your potholes . 
  that seems reasonable i guess . 
  i 'd rather direct my hate towards my own team if they were unable to qualify for platini 's overblown euro cup where everyone gets to play . 
  your reading a lot into the flawed methodology of this ranking . 
  it measures the level of english proficiency of people taking language courses at ef . 
  this is by no means representative of the level of proficiency for the whole population . 
  case and point : argentina . 
  you wo n't go far with english talking to most argentinians older than 30 . 
  not really . 
  it 's a ranking based on the test results of a language training company . 
  the economic pressure to learn english is much higher in poland . 
  and  [ at best , the index measures `` the english skills of adults who aspire to have better english '' -- already a self-selected class . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index#cite_note-4 ), 
  laughing at cologne obviously . 
   you mean a gang war between kurds , mostly germans and assyrians . 
  because if they have the citizenship , they 're german . 
  there are 1.6 mio . 
  turkish passport holders who never opted for naturalisation , that 's more than half of all immigrants from turkey or their descendants . 
  so no , they are not mostly german . 
  when a governing coalition of the two biggest parties in parliament only represents 48 % of the electorate , then i have my doubts about that . 
  is `` dutroux '' the belgian term for having an older boyfriend ? 
  the germans or the german government ? 
  every single forecast from the ukip pamphlet ? 
   ( economic and population boom reported by all forecasts , set to bypass germany as the world number 4 economy in 10-15 years , after recently bypassing france as number 5 ) do n't delude yourself . 
  germany 's birthrate is going up and there are 2 million migrants streaming in who probably wo n't leave again . 
  the study you 're referring to is moot already . 
  well in that case : sorry for the drunkards in lloret and palma . . ? 
  first of all before the rant , a couple of apologies are necessary . 
  first one goes out to greece for the debts , our media and the migrant flow . 
  the other apologies are for italy and spain , for declaring the migrants your problem . 
  the dublin agreements are just retarded . 
  anyway here it goes : fuck you russia . 
  stop teasing us with scribbling berlin on your bombs . 
  fucking do it already and nuke the shit out of that place . 
  just make sure parliament is in session and angie is at home . 
  you would really do us a solid . 
  a lot less hipsters , unemployment rate cut in half and oh all the money we would save . 
  and stop drinking so much , your live expectancy is pathetic .
