  and i have read similar news from other nations here on reddit . 
  you could also throw in the freedom of the press and the division of power if you 'd like to add a little salt to the whole thing . 
  interesting . 
  apparently swat teams and other specialized police forces use them already . 
  but yeah , if this event marks the beginning of a pattern , then i could see this happening . 
  maybe they even get allowed for civilians again . 
  germany already had access to a huge low pay labour pool with eastern europe . 
  there 's no need for unskilled labour that needs to be met . 
  germany needs an overhauled immigration law though , since the rates of getting and keeping skilled labour is pathetic . 
  it 's ok , 24/4 news media tends to skew realities . 
  there are quite a few germans who think that the us is unsafe due to the whole gun culture . 
  this applies to the whole of europe and the us : in general just stick to the usual tourist guidelines for crowded places and enjoy the vacation . 
  just be more aware on the week-ends during the nights , when people drink too much and the chances of unpleasant situations tend to rise . 
  well most police officers were n't even aware that sexual assault were taking place . 
  we 're talking about at least 1000 people in groups on the square , fireworks flying left , right and centre . 
  the assaults took place with people hiding behind groups of people away from the eyes of the officers who were only made aware by the crying women . 
  and backup took ages to show up . 
  the whole leaked debriefing shows that higher ups lied and now police officers are supposed to take the fall . 
  this whole thing was a colossal fuckup and i hate the politicians and the police president who are now pathetically trying to stay in their jobs . 
  well , the us is by any metric less safe than germany if you 're into statistics . 
  the whole affair get this intensive media coverage because this is so alien to germany . 
  if you 're beware of pickpockets in crowded places , then you 're gon na be fine . 
  to put it into perspective : i went to boston despite the fact that the marathon there was bombed , airplanes were abducted and crashed into the twin towers and every other day there is an active shooter somewhere in the country . 
  this was amid people throwing all kinds of legal and illegal fireworks . 
  firing a gun in the air would not really make much of a difference . 
  i really feel for those women affected and the officers that were n't able to help them in this carnage . 
  i like this , especially if the translation is correct . 
  it 's just the copy , the original is still with the federal government in both digital and paper form . 
  that 's why they did n't care . 
  it 's the smugness behind this gesture that infuriates people . 
  * they do . 
  * crowd control is mainly done by armoured police officers with batons , shields , water throwers and specialized apprehension units with supporting officers on horseback firing guns is permitted to save other lives and if officers need to defend their own ones . 
  rules of engagement give them not as much leeway compared to e.g. 
  american officers though , at least from my perspective . 
  they urged to preferably wound and disarm a perpetrator so he can still be taken into custody and put on trial . 
  edit : the leaked police debriefing showed that the officers were outnumbered and had no appropriate equipment to dispense the crowd or apprehend people perpetrating crimes since they hid among the violent crowd . 
  well according to the leaked debriefing by the federal police the few people that they could arrest had copies of their refugee applications on them or were tearing them apart in front of the officers in order to taunt them . 
  but you 're right , it is difficult to deport them if there is an active war in their home country or they could face the death penalty or torture . 
  another problem is finding out whether they are lying about their citizenship in order to avoid deportation . 
  demographics are looking grave , no doubt about that . 
  but nobody among business and industry leaders seriously believes that refugees are the solution for that . 
  we 're talking about a highly technologized industry with a demand for technical experts . 
  they want stem university graduates with german language proficiency and are pushing for a canada-style immigration law after all . 
  there are initiatives to put refugees in apprenticeships , but according to the news recently , over 50 % of the refugees drop out . 
  so i do n't think anybody has high hopes that this generation of refugees will have high rates of labour participation without years of expensive extra schooling and language courses . 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zywjk/refugees_wont_plug_german_labor_gap_few_refugees/, 
  cheap manpower for what ? 
  there are more than enough eu citizens working the low paid jobs here . 
  every bigger city has a street where you can pick up day labourers who will accept any wage , similar to street walking prostitutes . 
  there are hardly any illicit workers on german building sites any more since eastern european contract workers are better and the savings would n't justify the possible fines . 
  do n't foul yourself into thinking business interests pushed for immigration to get cheap labour . 
  this is supposed kindness is just a fa\u00e7ade to mask this government 's complete misjudgement of the refugee crisis unfolding . 
  top kek . 
  listen to mr. armchair general right here with his genius insight into 1950 's military strategies . 
  that 's the guy that denied cologne 's police further reserve officers during the planning for nye mind you . 
  i hope this is the final nail in the coffin for his political career . 
  well i hope it comes with at least 1000 rooms . 
  great job , i 'm sure he 'll receive a very warm welcome back at home . 
  that presentation was one of my highlight from this year 's c3 . 
  really great work and interesting insights . 
  nice , norwegians come here already for the cheap booze and the legal brothels . 
  now we can sell them cigarettes as well . 
  maybe i should start a vice-cation business for scandinavians ... 
  walmart is a synonym for a shitty supermarket . 
  if they would have copied the french up-scale supermarket chains and placed them in the bigger cities , they would have been successful in germany . 
  have does adsense mean innovation in an age where adblockers are getting ever more popular ? 
  and starbucks lost to established italian owned caf\u00e9s , so it 's not the germans fault they ca n't beat those . 
  and yet i 'm hardly even trying . 
  my sincerest thanks to the polish electorate for this gift that keeps on giving . 
  did my favourite potato kaczynski offer every idiot on / pol / a cabinet post in the polish government ? 
  and here i feared pis would be less moronic in their second run . 
   i 'm a brazilian of italian heritage and it makes me so sad to see what is going on in the `` mother continent '' right now . 
  his whole comment history is pure gold . 
  [ here ] ( https://bitpage.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/img_0105.jpg ) , i think you lost yours . 
  how so ? 
  why would anyone want to control hungary ? 
  you guys really do still live in the late 19 ^ th century . 
  do you have a tin foil hat to go with your conspiracy theories ? 
  hungary signed up up for the european union , if they want to join russia 's association of totalitarian democracies in name only , then they can leave any time they 'd like . 
  until then they ca n't dismantle democratic institutions and still call themselves an eu member state . 
  well , nobody wants another hungary . 
   canadians and americans both have extremely long trails with bridges and overpasses exclusively for bicycles . . it 's just that they do n't coin the term ` bicycle highway ' but rather a bike trail like normal people . 
  ok then show me one ` bike trail ' in a north american metropolitan area with around 5.1 m inhabitants and notoriously clocked highways that is at least 100km long and mainly aimed at convincing commuters to take the bike . 
  that same applies for germany and austria . 
   `` the czech republic is a member state of the european union thanks to greece as well , '' foreign ministry spokesman konstantinos koutras said in response to the comments on friday . 
  that 's a brazen statement to make considering greece threatened to veto the admission of the eastern european nations if cyprus was n't admitted as well . 
  [ caga ti\u00f3 , . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db_n7-hxtli ), 
  i know it 's impressive what one can extract out of the comments of a mere simpleton . 
   so whatever you say man saying that on the one hand and then go on to downvote me and getting this butthurt on the other hand is sending a mixed message to say the least . 
   well at this point you 're only proving that you 're actually a fucking idiot , you 're the one who started throwing around insults ; what does that prove about you ? 
   also lower than expected are belgium , monaco and luxembourg i would not have expected luxembourg to rank particularly high . 
  working there is great , living not so much . 
  most people just commute from germany or france . 
   you 're an idiot well in that case i should easily get a job with the polish government . 
  i would fit in very nicely . 
   if i would n't be so poor [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5pgndkf.jpg ) , have some of that . 
  it 's christmas soon after all . 
   the one before that , the po government was very dependent on germany which is pro-russia . 
  [ here ] ( https://bitpage.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/img_0105.jpg ) , i think you lost yours . 
  haha , people thought the polish government would go full orb\u00e1n .
