  the waste of money happening at germany 's public broadcasters is unparalleled though . 
  and everyone has to pay the highest fees for europe 's shittiest tv . 
  a sentiment that rings true in a lot of editorial offices around here . 
   what germans rarely seem to grasp - not just leaders , but the people too - , that non-german people might have different values , approach life differently and the solutions that worked in germany might not work in the rest of the world . 
  they do n't understand this but keep pushing their ideas . 
  i even accept that they are mostly well-meaning , but sometimes they could shut the fuck up for a little while . 
  something that made it even into an simpsons episode . 
  it 's really prevalent among the parts of germany 's society i really loathe . 
  one of the reasons that really makes me want to leave this place if they keep setting the political agenda . 
  i have travelled both slovenia and croatia and absolutely loved it there . 
  definitely no bias against that part of the balkans nor against any other for that matter . 
  great places for a vacation . 
  the serbs i met on a separate occasion did have some rather interesting opinions on their neighbours , but still they were good drinking buddies . 
  sounds like another good reason to quit facebook . 
  it 's also a matter of your social circle . 
  students tend to idealise this situation while people working who will have to pay the bill have very differing views on this matter . 
  at least in my experience . 
  they sound like the kind of people you do n't want to be friends with . 
  it 's very similar indeed . 
  there are also private real estate corporations who own formerly public housing assets bought from cities in financial troubles . 
   i was wandering around the centre of the city and saw and old couple well into their 60s ( i 'd assume they were austrian ) going through the waste bins in the street and taking out disposed fast food wrappers and cups . 
  and what is this really dumb thing you 're speaking of ? 
  what kind of capital are you speaking of ? 
  if you refer to human capital , then that 's kind of demeaning to consider refugees our future jobholders , since they are supposedly persecuted for their political beliefs and not just there to improve our skewed demographics . 
  you surely ca n't blame someone for trying to get a better life . 
  you also do n't have to spend billions so that the middle class of various arab nations can shop around europe in order to find a country that meets their needs for a comfortable life . 
  and good is quite the understatement . 
  sadly the really salty scandinavian licorice is really hard to come by here though . 
  they were the first ones to send guest workers when reconstruction was still going on . 
  they did n't oppose it openly though unlike thatcher . 
  and how far do you think germany relies on the us military-wise ? 
   why do you think germany can get away with spending next to nothing for their `` military '' ? 
  $ 33 billion is next to nothing . 
  right . 
   usa , without them germany is nothing . 
  germany is their headquarter against russian influence in europe . 
  good one . 
  they were living in apartments owned by the city/municipality . 
  in german law the landlord can terminate a tenancy agreement if he can proof that he needs the property for himself . 
  that 's what the city unwisely did . 
  it 's nice to hear the tories have their priorities straight in times like these . 
  honestly you should reconsider your commitments , but you probably wo n't . 
  it would be a necessary wake up call for a lot a countries . 
   right now its actually france for us germans . 
  usa only wants things from us without giving something in return . 
  really dumb comment from him , but france has been germany 's closest ally for the past 60 + years . 
  these are idle threats . 
  the us would never not help a european ally , since it would hurt their standing with all their allied nations around the world . 
  plus the hawkish us political establishment has a tendency to push the us in wars whether their electorate agrees with them or not . 
  i do n't believe that restaurants are that stupid to openly offer wages below the minimal wage . 
  there are schemes with manipulated reported hours though . 
  if you follow that logic you should mention italy and spain way before turkey . 
  france is n't going to meet your quota in 2015 and the uk only by including pensions and intelligence spending . 
  there is no need to meet a voluntary quota . 
  yup . 
   in the service industry many workers are not even payed the minimum wage in germany . 
  source ? 
  why would only nutjobs buy her book ? 
   the legal bullshit of having your hq in a country which holds freedom of speech to near absolute is a legal benefit . 
  good one . 
   anglo-french aircraft carrier project time sharing a carrier is hardly comparable to designing a whole new class . 
   the f-35 was overbudget ( though that 's not that unusual ) and was a us-uk-italy-australia-canada-norway-denmark-netherlands-turkey project . 
  the f35 is an american project with a few uk-made parts . 
  not exactly a multinational development effort either . 
   still , i do n't think that it 's insoluble , and when you weight it against the costs of duplication ... 
  multinational engineering projects are really complicated , even airbus who should be the one company to pull it off , failed with the a400m . 
  and let 's not forget that the costs of duplication equal state subsidies for the domestic defence industry . 
  i do n't see any nation that would be willing to suffer job losses in this economic and social climate . 
  spain , france , germany and the uk did just that with the airbus a400m . 
  and results have been less than stellar . 
  erm , most germans ignore austria 's existence for most of the year except for the yearly winter holidays . 
  the majority could n't even name the current or any past chancellor of austria . 
  your tiny , irrelevant political circle is not representative of germans at all dickhead . 
  assi toni is hessian , too . 
  it does n't improve the dialect one bit . 
   hessian flair  belittling someone 's accent, 
  that still makes no sense . 
  a lot of scots think the present uk is not the uk they wanted to remain in in 2014 . 
  they were promised maximal devolution and right now they only receive authority over trivial stuff like road signs . 
  and who knows what will remain of the uk in a couple of years . 
   i would rather be with the devil i know than the devil i do n't . 
  so you 're arguing that scotland should remain in the eu after your wall of text stating the exact opposite ? 
  everything . 
  that 'd be nice of them to unburden the pension system and destroy frankfurt at the same time . 
   only since 1945 tiny slice of it has been in poland . 
  how on earth poles could polonize sorbs ? 
  most of the sorbs were expelled to germany , so much for slavic brotherhood . 
  the remaining ones were polonized . 
   after all that have happened you still managed to portray germans as potential victims . 
  goebbels would be proud of you . 
  it 's your suggestion to axe the minority rights for the autochthonous german minority . 
  that 's a clear violation of the framework convention for the protection of national minorities that poland signed . 
  but it 's nice to see that you have no leg to stand on other than jabs like ` muh 3rd reich ' . 
   what have poles done to sorbs ? 
  polonized them . 
   because germans sent representatives of autochthonous polish minority to concentration camps . 
  and according to you , poland thus gets to bully the german minority as payback for the holocaust ? 
  the same thing that happened to the sorbs in poland . 
  migrants and autochthonous minorities are not the same and you know that . 
   polish minority having actual minority rights in germany i 'm pretty sure they get the same rights every other group of eu migrants gets .
