i read die welt today without any german knowledge so i 'll agree on that . 
  it 's hard to learn german because it is too easy . 
  i never know if i 'm speaking german or dutch with german accent . 
  so i 'd say yes pretty close . 
  haha +1, 
  i saw no more than one . 
  my grandfather would kill me for laughing about this . 
  i know it exists . 
  that 's about it . 
  are you serious ? 
  hoeveelste time is this that you went to the bathroom ( insert anything at all after ` time ' ) ? 
  hoeveelste book is this that you 've read ? 
  hoeveelste beer is that ? 
  this is an extremely common word . 
  sure you could use synonyms in some cases ( how many beers have you had already ) but in some cases you really need the word . 
  in other cases i just use the word . 
  actually you ask for something else when using synonyms . 
  saying ` how many beers have you had already ' , you would figure out hoeveelste beer this is by doing x +1 . 
  ` hoeveelste ' indicates the beer he 's holding now , which is the information you want , synonyms ask about the beers before this one . 
  how would you do my sentence then ? 
  ` hoeveelste ' , or ` how manyth ' . 
  how manyth president is donald trump ? 
  how does this not exist guys ? 
  creating the sentence above in a grammatically correct way is awkward . 
  that would be wageningen , right ? 
  haha yup . 
  ton logariasmo parakalo ... or something . 
  i 'm sorry to say this , but i have to say the french . 
  they think they are all just sooooo great and their country is the best . 
  arrogance , not wanting to speak anything but french ( even abroad ) . 
  the country is absolutely beautiful , and so is the history and everything that makes france france , except for the french themselves . 
  currently doing chinese and some german every now and then . 
  you basically described everything that makes america america . 
  across the whole country, 
  we were never involved . 
  we tried to stay neutral in the second war as well but the germans would n't let us . 
  edit : our neutral status in ww1 did allow the allies to bring their wounded soldiers and broken planes here for fixing up . 
  in a way we helped but did n't get any damage . 
  i think the costs are relatively low and i do see a value in having a king . 
  the king should be liked by the people though , otherwise it does n't make any sense . 
  i like our current king so i am glad with us being a monarchy . 
  this questions seems like a homework assignment . 
  why iceland ? 
  what 's the difference between scandinavia and the nordics ? 
  feyenoord , dutch football club . 
  european football , not american . 
  watch football all day . 
  i think it 's interesting that north-south stereotypes occur pretty much everywhere . 
  the north is hard-working and the south is lazy and enjoy life . 
  this works in several countries but also europe as a continent . 
  everyone that is n't a fan of ajax hates them . 
  country ? 
  not sure if its that popular . . 
  you guys deserve a break . 
  enjoy the time off . 
  i would n't know when someone is n't a german . 
  i could only tell if someone is a german . 
  that 's very optimistic of you but not very german, 
  degrading the monarchy to symbolism has always been a major agenda point for d66 , however they did n't display this in their campaign whatsoever . 
  same goes for the referendum . 
  i do n't agree with d66 on those two points but i decided that , also because it 's not a major issue to them , i would let it slip and vote for them anyways . 
  the king does n't have real power anyway with the exception of the veto right for passing laws . 
  that has never happened though , and never will happen . 
  i do n't see the point in changing the king 's position even further . 
  haha florida of germany ? 
  do old people and mexicans go here ? 
  the germans never really had colonies around the world , did you ? 
  i mean you tried , but does somebody outside of europe speak german ? 
  ( this is not an invitation to try again . 
  we are the nazis now according to erdogan ), 
  the greek flag, 
  i 'm extremely happy . 
  i was either going to vote d66 or vvd and decided to go with the former . 
  i do n't mind vvd being the biggest , i 'm glad with the wins of gl , cda , and d66 and i 'd love to see them in a coalition if they find ways to make compromises . 
  most importantly i 'm glad wilders did n't win and we are not part of the laughing stock in the world . 
  if he 'd won i 'd move into a cave for four years and sleep till it 's over . 
  did n't seem to work last time you tried . 
  how about we do n't call it germany ? 
  come back home you french speaking weirdos . 
  at least we have our own language . 
  i 'm looking at you , belgium . 
  rome is the most beautiful city i 've seen so i 'd definitely recommend that . 
  we literally had fake dicks to practice putting condoms on . 
  will grigg of course . 
  apparently this gentleman has been on fire for a few months . 
  ... and imessage, 
  jaywalking is like weed : illegal but non-punishable . 
  der untergang man , german version ftw . 
  edit : intouchables , french . 
  `` your '' language haha . 
  everything with mountains ( as a dutchman , a 30 metre hill is a mountain ), 
  i disagree . 
  prison is meant to rehabilitate people , not to only punish them . 
  i do n't see the point in letting people rot in jail longer , especially since judges should bear the probation period in mind . 
  do they , though ? 
  i doubt if any dutch soldiers nowadays fight for their country . 
  it is just a career choice , like a butcher does n't intend to feed and take care of his community but just does what he likes to do . 
  i do n't think soldiers should be admired as much as they are in other countries . 
  i am seeing now that i did n't comment in a reply , sorry . 
  playing the national anthem at every occasion , american flags everywhere , kids saying the pledge of allegiance every day ( this is the worst , did north korea give you the suggestion to do this ? ) .
