that 's not how it happened though . 
  christ , they ca n't catch a break . 
  marching in the streets with torches , military uniforms , covered faces and chanting ... that 's just all kinds of wrong and creepy . 
  different people enjoy different things . 
  for me , seeing 40.000 + people jumping up and down to a song that we all love is an amazing feeling . 
  joint missile projects with china . 
  how is kadyrov a mystery ? 
  i was very annoyed today when my download was only 29mb/s . 
  you have to be am idiot to believe that nato would n't intervene without any kind of hesitation in case of military aggression of scandinavian states . 
  regardless of what is or is n't on paper . 
  i think any person knows that . 
  these airspace violations are just cheap tricks on both sides . 
  the west is making russia look like they 're hyper-aggressive . 
  let 's not forget about the submarine incident from not too long ago . 
  look under your bed , there might be a russian fighter there ... or a nuclear sub . 
  a few years ago , cuba was kinda offering russia the chance to re-open bases there , but russia was not interested due to lack of funding . 
  russia seemed to be interested only in using the base there to gather intelligence and not interested in having a real military presence there as it could not serve any real purpose . 
  right , because you think nato would n't intervene if russia did something ? 
  you 're not ukraine bro . 
  uk just blocked the eu from looking into the yemen war . 
  double standards are the norm . 
  fuck you , earthquake . 
  girlfriend woke me up during the middle of it , very panicked . 
  hugged her , told her i loved her and waited for it to pass . 
  still ... fuck earthquakes . 
  spoken like a true redditor . 
  do you know what they bombed ? 
  what did they mistake it for ? 
  so hackers go after wada and the athletes pay for that ? 
  that 's beyond idiotic . 
  wada 's stance is very dubious , it 's almost threatening russia to not leak more files or else . 
  getting caught using the dirty ways that you publicly condemn every single day is just not good propaganda . 
  so if it 's russian propaganda it means it 's information wars ... but if it 's ukrainian propaganda then it 's the best thing since ever ? 
  it takes a special type of person to defend shitty propaganda . 
  keep going comrade . 
  so using media to convince the population to believe a lie is okay with you ? 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the mod knew the photos were n't real , they did n't hire him for the real pictures , they call them artistic pictures . 
  the soldiers that participated in the photo shoot admit it was faked . 
  there 's no question about the authenticity of the photos , they 're staged . 
  they fired him because everyone knows he fakes photos now . 
  what makes you say that it 's a shame he got fired ? 
  `` do n't take the money you 're owed because then we wo n't get the money we 're owed '', 
  the sky news dude took it upon himself to invent a story and hire people to act it out . 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about , i 'm talking about the western media going crazy over toilet messages . 
  implying that some sort of bogus science article published to help them get their diplomas is in some way a great insight into the mind of this guy is naive . 
  they 're probably laughing their ass off seeing how bbc is picking apart some `` science '' article they did n't even write themselves . 
  no , but it 's their fault for presenting this as being newsworthy in any way . 
  scrapping the bottom of the barrel a little bit , are n't we ? 
  if no one had nukes there would be a lot more wars and so on . 
  nukes are extremely dangerous , but i 'd be worried about living in a world where there 's no big red button that makes the big powers think twice before acting . 
   via skype from their latest hiding spot . 
  you 'd have to be an idiot to use skype if you think the russian spies are out to kill you . 
  but then again this story is very , very reminiscent of another story of a russia couple that defected to the us side and used the media to gain attention because their defection did n't work out as planned . 
  last time i saw a bigotti piece of clothing was in 2002 . 
  how many of the things above are reported fairly in any fashion ? 
  because you 're just enumerating biased/inaccurate stories, 
  you have to be completely oblivious to reality and politics to think that russia would ever give up crimea . 
  and you have to be totally naive to think that relations between russia and the west will stay cold for a very long time . 
  i feel a bit sorry for the countries like poland , lithuania , ukraine , romania and now moldova too to a certain extent that run so many anti-russia stories with such strong propaganda , because in the end their feeling will get hurt when the west wants to do business with russia and will be willing to take decisions that are good for the deal , but not for the anti-russian fanatics . 
  not sure why reddit is being so butthurt , i understand you people hate russia , but get over it , how come no one raised this issue before ? 
  not georgia , nor its allies saw that there is no piece of paper that actually states this ? 
  shit , man , even the us is using kgb tactics then . 
  spreading propaganda/lies on the internet using modern technology , using fake stories to be able to invade a country , disregarding international law . 
  the politician is well known for his view of the conflict and he 's not the one who will ever bring a productive idea to the table . 
  his biggest desire is to see nato and russia in perpetual conflict . 
  i really have no idea what you 're trying to say . 
  it 's like all of a sudden all of reddit has found out about this story . 
  you 're talking about something that happened 75 years ago . 
  should we quote what other europeans did in the same period ? 
  it 's a silly coincidence that this happens only to countries that are drawn to join nato . 
  the world would be much safer with a buffer zone . 
  ask away, 
  no one 's moaning mate , we 're just laughing at how shitty those journalists are and what 's going to happen to them next . 
  they 've fabricated stories about terrorists . 
  so no , i 'm not moaning , i 'm laughing . 
  i see you have no issue with immoral and unethical journalism , that is free press for someone like you . 
  not keen on pissing of russia ? 
  it 's difficult to believe that . 
  i think they did n't want russia to be pissed off , but they certainly were n't going to modify their agenda not to piss of russia . 
  they expanded , built a shield and so on . 
  there 's a huge difference between not wanting to do something to piss off someone and not wanting someone to be pissed off by what you do . 
  i know how to read russian too , i just ca n't write it . 
  i agree that the west and russia will never see eye to eye on some issues . 
  for russia , ukraine was some sort of red line in the sand or whatever you will want to call it . 
  even if us troops in germany were leaving , nato was expanding further and further . 
  and in the end it was proven again and again that world powers will act unilaterally without care about fairness when defending their interests . 
  further conflicts are guaranteed with the expansion of nato on russia 's borders . 
  georgia again , moldova , ukraine , belorussia spring to mind . 
  nice backtracking . 
  so is sky news just doing a good job freely reporting what news they want ? 
  or are they fabricating some pretty horrific stories ? 
  and rant about british media ? 
  is that a problem for you ? 
  can you not remember the hacking scandal . 
  your journalists hacked into a dead girl 's voice mail . 
  and dead soldiers . 
  and terrorist bombing victims . 
   moaning about british media ... soo predictable . 
  this is not moaning .
