  we live in the last decade or two of long haul trucking and cabs being a human performed job . 
  i , like , hella welcome you to the , like , hella awesome vocabulary of northern california . 
  it 's chill , dude . 
  come hang out on the couches and we 'll , like , totally smoke some hookah . 
  yes , [ transmittable dog & tasmanian devil cancers ] ( http://www.nature.com/onc/journal/v27/n2s/abs/onc2009350a.html ) . 
  i feel as someone who lives in an agricultural region of california that makes better wine than the french that this article is based largely on anecdotal evidence extrapolated out incorrectly . 
  yes it will . 
  probably not . 
  it sounds like google is just building a firewall to keep europe happy in their own edited internet . 
  maybe they can ask the chinese for help . 
  really it just means google is building a giant firewall to keep europe happy in their edited internet . 
  daesh is the best shorthand name for that group . 
  yeah , it looks suspiciously like it comes from an american town . 
  like there 's probably a mortuary right across the street . 
  that depends entirely on what you are fusing . 
  if it 's a hydrogen fusion , likely a deuterium-tritium mix , the results are heat for making steam to turn a turbine and extra neutrons . 
  so yes , the most likely result will be radioactive waste that will have to be dealt with . 
  well , those drivers only have another decade or so before large overland shipping companies start buying fleets of automated trucks . 
  are you counting puerto rico as the 51st state and guyana as the 52nd state ? 
  why redding , california ? 
  that 's the armpit of california . 
  too hot in the summer and too cold in the winter . 
  it 's also the 83rd largest city in california . 
  why not oxnard , santa rosa , anaheim , rancho cucamonga , or fresno ? 
  heck if you wanted to go small , why not garberville the informal capital of the emerald empire ? 
  just wondering . 
  movies and tech is stretched too far north by ~ 200 mi ( ~ 320 km ) and not far enough south by about ~ 100 mi ( ~ 160 km ) . 
  otherwise well done . 
  see my earlier comment about oil being a global commodity , and your own comment about the us making a large amount of oil available through fracking . 
  the us never really imported that much oil from the middle east , venezuela was a big source for the us . 
  the thing is that oil is a global commodity , and price follows supply and demand curves pretty well . 
  the saudi 's demonstrated it for the world publicly in the early 1970 's using opec . 
  the marines immortalized the us response to the barbary pirates with one line in their song : `` to the shores of tripoli '' . 
  for really much the same reasoning the entire world is not cutting off the financing lines , the oil is too important . 
  we pretend human life is important , but ultimately its the oil . 
  as always france , you have but to ask . 
  we 'll crack jokes at your expense , and will vote to pointlessly rename food that 's really belgian anyways , but we 'll be there dropping bombs , refueling sorties mid-flight , and providing technical and logistically support . 
  the singular truth about effectively dealing with a widespread non-state based terror network is simple but horrifying in its implications . 
  there are fundamentally two ways to end a terror group like daesh : * spend immense amounts of capital and labor to build up the standard of living of everyone in the area where daesh claims its support . 
  this expensive method is likely to never be used because simply no one wants to spend the money needed . 
  * kill everyone in daesh , and everyone who might even be peripherally involved . 
  this also takes money , but not as much . 
  what it does take is a willingness to causally disregard human rights and slaughter potentially tens of millions of people in order to make the citizens of a western democracy safe . 
  this issue with this method is that the citizens of a western democracy rarely have to stomach to sustain such atrocities for long . 
  which i am thankful for . 
  man , it 's almost like governments spy on one another . 
  yes . 
  you know , the right sort of people . 
  most people 's examples of liberty involve a scarce resource or service in some manner . 
  it 's somebody 's time , money , labor or goods . 
  seriously , that 's a basic job of economics , the description of the process of the allocation of scarce goods and services . 
  indeed , france still has a policy of deterrence . 
  strike france with a nuke , or invade it , and france will launch a countervalue strike against the attacking countries civilian centers . 
  what is wrong with gmo ? 
  do you prefer the previous method used before gmo , the mutation breeding , which uses various chemical and radioactive sources to force mutation to see what useful results might be obtained ? 
  the united states senate will not vote on a major treaty while president barack obama remains in office . 
  it 's a cultural issue , not a religious issue . 
  over three million muslims live in the united states of america quite peacefully . 
  it 's honestly the tribal bullshit that 's being imported that 's causing the issue . 
  speaking as someone who has lived in california in the united states of america my entire life , pretty much every government agency , from the federal level through state and county down the local city level will accommodate multiple languages as it 's needed . 
  i regularly see signs in two to three languages . 
  at hospitals i 've seen signs with a dozen language options . 
  this applies to many businesses as well . 
  i live in a relatively small city , for california anyway , and many shops and restaurants here will have spanish , chinese , vietnamese or other languages listed on their signs and menus . 
  i do n't see bacon on that list . 
  which is human nature . 
  do n't blame capitalism for human nature . 
  there 's places that do n't have [ in-n-out burger ] ( http://www.in-n-out.com/ ) ? 
  can we help those unfortunate people living there somehow ? 
  most americans still pay fica , as well as numerous local sale taxes on purchases . 
  but the catch is that you have to live in alaska . 
  you know being impeached does n't remove an elected official from office , right ? 
  in the case of the president of the united states of america , being impeached by the house of representatives means that the senate can then run a trial to attempt to convict . 
  only if convicted can the president be removed . 
  at least through impeachment . 
  [ relevant , not really . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/htn6du3mcgi ), 
  wait , we can send them to europe ? 
  `` perfect silence '' ? 
  sound travels over four times faster in water than in our atmosphere at sea level . 
  unless they are placing these bottles beneath a thermocline , or salt variance layer , sound will propagate just fine . 
  no , even back in 2005 the things governor schwarzenegger believed in and acted on would not have flown at the national level . 
  he had an ( r ) after his name yes , but he was much too classically liberal in the age of enlightenment sense to get much traction if it had come down to any sort of federal election . 
  no , france and netherlands beat us out using whatever metrics generated those numbers . 
  there 's a large orc population in nz . 
  7 day a week in some areas for deliveries from companies that pay extra . 
  i get packages from amazon prime delivered on sunday by usps . 
  that said the only fruit i want on my pizza is tomato . 
  you actually want the canned pineapple on the pizza , because there is an enzyme in fresh pineapple that will denature the proteins in the cheese . 
  france 's nuclear deterrent is really only for anyone invading france . 
  france has implied that an attack on france will result in france launching nukes at enemy civilian centers . 
  just this little thing called the [ sino-vietnamese war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sino-vietnamese_war ) in 1979 , with on and off again conflicts from 1979 until today . 
  there is no love lost between the two governments . 
  india buys it commercially for private use . 
  the single largest buying group of gold in the world for non-commercial use are the women in households in india . 
  how much do they sell to india ? 
  we probably sold it all to france . 
  degaul crashed bretton-woods himself by having france buy so much gold from the usa . 
  if you count private holdings of gold , india comes in at over 20g/capita . 
  articles of confederation , 0/10 , would not again .
