russians did bring grapes to wine country here in california . 
  i used to go swimming up at yorti creek near cloverdale , but walking through sludge to get to water did n't sound fun this last summer so i did n't bother . 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  russia ca n't project the force needed across the bering strait to conquer alaska from the locals . 
  that does n't even count the swift and brutal usa military response to any such action taken against sovereign usa land . 
  i grew up in a small town named sebastopol and went swimming every summer in the russian river in california . 
  i would n't wish a confederation upon europe , look at the bang up job the united states of america did under the articles of confederation . 
  it was a wet mess . 
  either federalize or do n't bother . 
  you can tell who dropped the nuke by the signature of the radioactive by-products . 
  they 've done it before . 
  germany does love it when the euro slips . 
  step 1 : erect nets along expected drone flight paths step 2 : ??? 
  step 3 : profit !, 
  the us has been on the metric system for over a century . 
  the us industry and consumers on the other hand have stuck with not being on the metric system , so all us official weights and measures are in metric , then are converted for everyday use . 
  [ the united states and the metric system ] ( http://www.nist.gov/pml/wmd/metric/upload/1136a.pdf ), 
  op is of iranian descent , not arabic . 
  huge difference . 
  afghans have been emmigrating to the united states of america for almost a century . 
  possibly as many as 300k folks of afghan descent living in the united states of america . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afghan_american ) ( i know , using wikipedia as a source . ), 
  about an hour 's drive from where i 'm at now is little kabul , a neighborhood in fremont , california , which is likely the largest afghan enclave in the western world . 
  the lesson i learned from that was that italy needs stronger earthquake building code enforcement , that and at least one italian prosecutor and one italian judge are either science illiterate or evil and willing to make decisions based on that . 
  brick and masonry buildings in an earthquake zone ? 
  what are they thinking ? 
  do n't worry , i 'm going to ride the downvote wave down . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  i even upvoted you . 
  i 'm sure the south vietnamese agree . 
  / s force worked quite well for the north vietnamese . 
  germany likes the current euro system as it is , keeping exports strong . 
  i 'll admit we do n't have as long a relationship with france , but we have had one for over 200 + years with france . 
  honestly , a huge reason that our rebellion succeeded was because france was using us against you in that ongoing fun filled conflict that had been raging on and off between the two of you for most of the millenium prior . 
  in bad taste : how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman ? 
  zero too soon ? 
  as long as we keep feeding them we should be safe . 
  if you want flat , you want kansas . 
  kansas is [ flatter ] ( http://www.improbable.com/airchives/paperair/volume9/v9i3/kansas.html ) than a pancake . 
  `` i have returned from germany with peace for our time . '', 
  - british prime minister neville chamberlain , 1938/09/30, 
  i give it another decade , maybe two on the outside edge , before there are no commercial driving jobs available in industrialized countries . 
  automated public transportation , taxis , long haul trucking , and cargo trains . 
  why rely on people when its potentially cheaper and definitely safer to use fully automated transportation systems ? 
  no quebec . 
  quebec can keep quebec . 
  seriously , we can be earning money for this ? 
  i do n't know about the rest of the world , but locally around me everyone is cutting down all the old orchards and terracing unused hills to plant more vineyards , a process that 's been going on for quite some time . 
  we end up with gluts of grapes that no one wants each year . 
  but i like mountains . 
  i hate to be the one to break this to you , but the tea might just be thrown overboard . 
  are n't the french widely considered to be one of the worst offenders at committing industrial espionage on behalf of their native companies ? 
  acting offended when you come home after spending the day reading other people 's mail to discover that someone has read yours seems a touch hypocritical . 
  not much of the usa , specifically neo-cons in the usa use that and related terms . 
  as an outsider looking in , i keep feeling as though the technocrats in power in europe want it to slowly become a nation similar to the united states under the articles of confederation . 
  the part that mystifies me , is why anyone would want to emulate that form of government . 
  booze is decently cheap in california . 
  i can regularly buy a handle ( 1.75 l ) of [ sailor jerry 's overproofed rum ] ( http://sailorjerry.com/en/the-rum/ ) for what is at current exchange rates less than 20 euro after taxes . 
  that 's 50 cents a shot for those of you following along at home . 
  the united states of america does n't have an official language . 
  oh god , please do n't form a confederacy . 
  learn from the usa , the articles of confederation were horrible . 
  either form a strong central government , or do n't bother at all . 
  * edit misspelled confederation . 
  i was probably looking at my first sentence when i did it . 
  volkswagen markets themselves as german heavily in their us advertising . 
  they have branded themselves as a german company . 
  [ general electric gau-8 / a avenger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gau-8_avenger ) is a powerful gun that the a10 is built around . 
  it fires 30x173 mm rounds with a muzzle velocity of over 1 km/s and a rate of fire of over four thousand rounds per minute . 
  it 's serious business . 
  that said , the a10 is vulnerable to modern anti-aircraft fire , and is a low flying slow target in comparison to other planes . 
  it does pack one hell of an intimidating punch , you know its there . 
  a point about sales taxes : the united states has many levels that sales taxes can be applied . 
  there are federal level sales taxes , state level sales taxes , county ( or parish or township depending on state ) level sales taxes , city level sales taxes , and ( this is the fun one ) local neighborhoods in some states can assess additional sales taxes on themselves through elections to pay for specific government services . 
  anne frankly i did nazi that coming . 
  if you 're going to go tasteless with godwin 's law , at least double down with puns . 
  why is a marriage ceremony performed by a good friend of the couple a joke ? 
  having a stranger perform your marriage seems more like a joke . 
  sounds like the old-school temperance movement we had back in the day in the us . 
  how hard is authorization to get ? 
  in california in the us i 've performed 3 marriages , and literally all i had to do was sign my name as the officiant on the official marriage license that was filed with the county clerk 's office . 
  in fact marriages in california are easy to do , all you need is 5 consenting adults : 2 folks to be married , 1 officiant , and 2 witnesses . 
  getting divorced , man , that 's the hard part . 
  sure , it was gradual , but the land still did sink beneath the waves . 
  people are stubborn and short-sighted . 
  they are willing to keep living on a land that shrinks slower than a humans ability to process . 
  people still in cities like miami . 
  true , but it was only completely lost beneath the waves sometime just before 6000 bce . 
  that 's four thousand years after the last ice age , and was definitely inhabited . 
  i wonder if the last humans living there were washed away by the sea , or did everyone get off the island before it slipped beneath the waves ? 
  yeah , they 've been dredging up stuff from that bank for centuries . 
  change the user agreement for facebook so that no germans are allowed to use the service , boom , problem solved . 
  i wish malta did a better job protecting and preserving the archaeological finds on its islands . 
  so much has been lost to vandalism and `` misplacement '' . 
  like where the estimated seven thousand skeletal remains found in the \u0126al saflieni hypogeum went ? 
  america owes a lot to france . 
  they helped us become an independent country back in the revolutionary war , they gifted us a bitching metal lady , and they hosted the treaty signing that gave the united states of america it 's first real overseas empire . 
  catholics and irishmen need not apply . 
  originally no catholics , but those sneaky irishmen had some protestants as well , as you had to be clear about no irishmen . 
  sure , but that does n't stop russia from claiming moscow as third rome .
