  that sounds like a european theatre war to me . 
  if rent control is needed then supply is clearly too constrained . 
  they should be encouraging the building of new apartment complexes to handle this excess demand , not turn the rental market into a lottery . 
  that depresses the supply of rent-able properties , and ends up turning what remains on the market into a lottery for renters . 
  institutionalized corruption was spain 's gift to all their former colonies . 
  and 1/32nd cherokee . 
  op asked for a solution . 
  abstinence only sex ed in schools , and a huge tax on condoms . 
  also , immigration . 
  we 'd let mexico and canada play in it . 
  and we 'd call our national soccer series the `` world cup '' . 
  speaking as someone who 's state practices it , it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . 
  take a look around you , do you want the people you see to make tough , informed decisions ? 
  will they bother to be informed ? 
  the answer in my state is no and no . 
  not anymore . 
  they tried and failed to pull that card back in the 1860 's . 
  well , moscow is third rome . 
  i mean , sure , the mineral rights would be great , but dealing with the population and infrastructure , ug , no . 
  plus , we already have alaska from them for cheap . 
  i think the sa might like to have a word with you . 
  who does n't like to shoot nazis ? 
  france is the oldest ally of the united states of america . 
  we are both children of the enlightenment . 
  one day , canada , one day , you 'll get what 's coming to you . 
  california has no incentive to do so . 
  the only reason to do so is if every state does it at the same time . 
  event then , since the electoral college system gives significantly more weight to voters in low population states , california would still get mostly ignored . 
  voters in some small states count for more than five times as much as a voter in california when you account for the electoral college . 
  the articles of confederation were not a good basis for a government , and the united states scrapped them in 1789 when we accepted the new constitution as the basis for our federal government . 
  by all means , please copy the constitution , but please do not copy the articles of confederation . 
  federal system yes , articles of confederation no . 
  the articles of confederation was a wishy-washy document that let too much sovereignty lie in the states while making the federal government responsible . 
  that 's bad . 
  if you want to federalize , just do it an go all the way . 
  give up sovereignty to an overall united europe . 
  it sounds like he wants to recreate a version of the articles of confederation that the usa flirted with before the constitution . 
  please , europe , do n't do this , you will regret it . 
  here in north america cases of non-rabid wolves attacking folks are vanishingly small , or cases of mistaken identity with coyote-wolf or coyote-wild dog crossbreeds attacking . 
  europe , however , does have a long history of direct conflict with wolves and people , so some small amount of concern is warranted . 
  not `` grab your guns and go hunting '' level of concern , but certainly `` track the packs and observe food supply '' level of concern is . 
  i hear there 's oil there too . 
  is there any guano on those islands ? 
  if so we can probably just claim them . 
  my fuel prices have n't dropped below $ 3/gal for some time now . 
  although they are now well below $ 4/gal . 
  federalizing literally means the losing of sovereignty to the federal eu state . 
  direct democracy is one of the most terrifying forms of governments that humans have come up with . 
  the tyranny of the majority is a horrifying thing to watch be unleashed . 
  the vatican and monaco both have strong external pressures to build as they do . 
  additionally , both receive vast amounts of capital from external sources in disproportion to their size . 
  i was going to say that every country can into / r/murica if they just try hard enough , then i remember guyana , which has been trying to [ get into ] ( http://www.guyanausa.org/home.htm ) the united states of america for decades unsuccessfully . 
  i 've always like the idea , because we could base our space program much closer to the equator there . 
  yeah , but iceland has a smaller population than the county i live in , and the capital is half the size of the city i live in . 
  you 'd expect a small building for a tiny nation . 
  the bohemian grove is quite real . 
  in fairness , german was once widely read and spoken across the united states of america , second in reach only to english . 
  many major us cities had german language newspapers . 
  wwi put the kibosh on that though . 
  the united states of america does n't even have an official language . 
  the united states of america does n't have an official language , we have a defacto language in the form of english . 
  oakland is n't even really oakland , or at least not everyone 's conception of it . 
  it 's a large city , with a diverse group of neighborhoods , including some of the wealthiest and safest in the united states of america . 
  it does have some pretty bad slums though . 
  wait , oil ? 
  this is a copyright licensing issue . 
  if nations in the eu can agree to give up their sovereign rights concerning copyrights and hand it over to eu to control , then sure , totally doable and not a legal hassle at all . 
  if not , this will be super fun . 
  having a fresh water supply is an energy problem , not a water conservation problem . 
  not until the oil runs out . 
  or , more accurately , not until oil becomes so expensive that we move onto an alternate source of hydrocarbons as our primary means of carrying stored energy . 
  france is the usa 's oldest ally . 
  we 've been through rough patches , but we 've both been there for each other . 
  uk and canada more be more trusted for various reasons , but france helped us become a nation , and gave us the statue of liberty . 
  house of cards is a remake of a british show , based on the life of gerald ford . 
  american tv shows do n't portray america and its government accurately . 
  there functionally is no natural plutonium on earth , its all created in specially made reactors . 
  yes , which is why there 's so many of irish descent in the usa . 
  moreso , in fact , than in ireland . 
  sweden 's been plotting since the conclusion of the 30 year war . 
  i enjoy the insight into europe . 
  capitalism is amoral . 
  it is simply the rational allocation of scarce goods and services . 
  if you want morality you must apply it externally . 
  maybe , but no spare parts , or ammunition . 
  europe tends to be far more reactionary and right wing when it comes to protectionism and market manipulation than the usa . 
  neither practices full liberal policies when it comes to regulating utilities and trade . 
  really , that 's it ? 
  that 's barely a neighborhood in a small city . 
  it 's smaller than the [ smallest county ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falls_church,_virginia ) equivalent in the usa . 
  nah , but you 'd probably get a couple of irishmen . 
  canadian culture is like american culture , but with more apologies . 
  many of the photos of the aftermath of nagasaki and hiroshima are actually photos of the aftermath of the fire-bombing of tokyo . 
  you need to try some pliny the younger from [ russian river brewing company ] ( http://russianriverbrewing.com/ ) . 
  northern california has hella good microbrews . 
  yeah , transportation and warehousing make up roughly 3 % of all jobs in the united states , and i imagine that the percentage is similar in other developed nations . 
  that 3 % is going to go away almost completely with self driving autos . 
  manufacturing and construction make up another 12 % of the workforce in the united states , and both those sectors are next after transportation and warehouse for automation to completely replace jobs . 
  a good video about this is [ humans need not apply ] ( https://youtu.be/7pq-s557xqu ) . 
  irregardlessly , it 's a couple of letters longer than it strictly needs to be .
