  sanctions ? 
  they wo n't send in the cavalry . 
  do you think the government could order a violent crackdown on the protests ? 
  do you think the security forces would follow that order ? 
  nato does n't have anything to do with purely internal issues . 
  it 's not like russia is going to come in and annex part of their territory . 
  depends on if the government tries to violently clamp down on the protests and if the police would go through with it . 
  safe from takeover , but it might not prevent russia from messing with them in other ways . 
  no invasion , was peaceful , mutual * anschluss * . 
  sad !, 
  oh , i 'm as pro-eu as it gets , i would absolutely love to see a european federation with its own military . 
  i 'm just disillusioned . 
  first time i 've been accused of being a trump supporter though , thanks for that !, 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  however , if russia tries something like their `` little green men '' approach there , i can already see western european states attempting to weasel themselves out of these defence commitments . 
  the united states , and especially previous republican governments , were your best security against russia . 
  now that has changed with trump , but there is still a large pro-nato element , including secdef mattis . 
  if you expect western europe to come to your aid in case russia decides to fuck with the baltics i 'm afraid you will be disappointed . 
  one can hope , but i am pessimistic . 
  i 'm willing to bet the eu will not exist in its current form anymore in a couple of years . 
  that 's true . 
  if they do go on and take all that that would be a massive land grab from an international perspective though . 
  they must be ready to swallow more sanctions then . 
  or not , without the us pushing europe to impose them ... 
  i suppose you 're right . 
  they would have to push quite a bit to get meaningfully close to the dnieper or even crimea though . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  i agree , but what extra security is extending the border a bit into ukraine going to give them ? 
  they already ensured ukraine wo n't be able to join nato or the eu for a long time . 
  now , if they somehow manage to pull this off in the baltics it be would much more beneficial , with the added benefit of dismantling nato if there is no strong response . 
  i ca n't see them doing that when their main goal is getting rid of the sanctions for now . 
  one kid in the west is worse for the environment than 10 kids in the `` third world . '', 
  also , personnel costs are not even included in that 65bn russian budget , they count those separately . 
  cro-magnon hunter-gatherers . 
  there are kurdish islamists and is members too . 
  project alcoholi stream, 
  isis will certainly lose a lot of legitimacy , since they 're all about holding territory . 
  but they wo n't disappear , just change into something else in the long run . 
  the territorial war will not be over once mosul and raqqa are liberated though , they still hold several other population centers . 
  true , but if isis wants to send actual trained individuals to carry out attacks it would be easier to send them to europe rather than the us . 
  it 's also easier for european citizens to go fight/train in these countries and return ( that 's what the charlie hebdo attackers did with aqap , for example ) . 
  i doubt getting belgium out of the coalition is the main goal here , it 's more about targeting `` the west '' in general and these lone-wolf attackers go for the easiest targets . 
  europe is much easier to reach for isis members from the middle east , and there is a much larger number of radicalized individuals already here . 
  just look at the madrid train bombings , and of course 9/11 . 
  europe has n't faced such a well-planned attacks in a while ( well , not by isis/al-queda , there was breivik ) . 
  the high casualties during the paris attack in 2015 were more due to `` luck '' than competence , but it showed that even crude attacks can be very effective . 
  the nice attack is an even better example for that . 
  the competent ones are in syria and iraq . 
  they have shown some `` impressive '' ingenuity at building ieds/powerful vbieds , as well as the use of drones . 
  we can be glad most of them are being killed there . 
  this does n't really look like a long-planned , thought-out attack . 
  and while isis in syria/iraq is building quite sophisticated ieds , it does n't take an expert to build smaller , fairly effective bombs . 
  the driver was reportedly heavily armed ( with an ak type rifle and handguns ) . 
  could have done a lot of damage . 
  luckily many of these attackers are spectacularly incompetent and seem to lack the ability to do the most basic planning . 
  russia has shown during snap exercises that they can mobilize such formations in relatively short order , right across the borders of the baltic states . 
  they could overwhelm the baltics ' militaries and the nato presence there before significant reinforcements could arrive . 
  thankfully this scenario is extremely unlikely . 
  time to build up a private army and change the logo to something more evil-looking !, 
  `` join '', 
  do n't you dare insult the federal chicken . 
  there is , their main purpose is to serve as tactical nuclear weapons . 
  they are being modernized to be even more accurate and receive a standoff capability , and the f-35 will be the platform to deliver it . 
  all around a capable system to counter the russian arsenal of tactical nuclear weapons in europe . 
   the us knows how to protect its ass the only us missile defense system that can realistically intercept icbms is [ ground-based midcourse defense ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ground-based_midcourse_defense ) . 
  it has only a limited number of interceptors and is far from 100 % effective - it 's supposed to defend against `` limited '' threats from countries like north korea and iran , and even with those complete protection would not be certain . 
  the us could not hope to defend against the strategic arsenal of russia in any meaningful way , which includes hundreds of icbms/slbms with thousands of warheads and countermeasures . 
  of course the same is the case with russian missile defense . 
  at least the b61 bombs stored by the us in europe are primarily tactical nuclear weapons and would not be that relevant in the event of a strategic exchange with icbms . 
  there are levels of escalation below a full-on strategic exchange , such as the `` limited '' use of tactical nukes in a previously conventional conflict . 
  of course something like that can quickly escalate to the use of strategic weapons . 
   air-drop nukes are largely obsolete in the era of icbms icbms and slbms are strategic weapons . 
  the b61 bombs stored in europe serve as forward-deployed tactical nuclear weapons , to be delivered by tactical aircraft such as the f-35 . 
  other ways to deliver such weapons include cruise missiles and shorter range ballistic missiles , though as far as i know the b61 is the only weapon in the current us arsenal that can be deployed tactically . 
  the f-35 is the only tactical aircraft that will be able to deliver the modernized b61-12 , which will also have a limited standoff capability , making it much more difficult to shoot down the aircraft in time . 
   they are mostly cruise missiles nowadays , not bombs . 
  all nuclear weapons stored in europe by the us under nuclear sharing are b61 bombs . 
  these are not deliverable by cruise missiles , only by aircraft . 
  all us nuclear cruise missile warheads have been withdrawn from service . 
   but this year , far from the headlines , germany and two of its european allies , the czech republic and romania , quietly took a radical step down a path toward something that looks like an eu army while avoiding the messy politics associated with it : they announced the integration of their armed forces . 
   romania 's entire military wo n't join the bundeswehr , nor will the czech armed forces become a mere german subdivision . 
  but in the next several months each country will integrate one brigade into the german armed forces : romania 's 81st mechanized brigade will join the bundeswehr 's rapid response forces division , while the czech 4th rapid deployment brigade , which has served in afghanistan and kosovo and is considered the czech army 's spearhead force , will become part of the germans ' 10th armored division . 
  in doing so , they 'll follow in the footsteps of two dutch brigades , one of which has already joined the bundeswehr 's rapid response forces division and another that has been integrated into the bundeswehr 's 1st armored division . 
  according to carlo masala , a professor of international politics at the university of the bundeswehr in munich , `` the german government is showing that it 's willing to proceed with european military integration '' -- even if others on the continent are n't yet . 
  thinking about something that 's social but also national ? 
  thankfully in germany the far right often seems to be its own greatest enemy . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  that one will be way less exciting than your election . 
  the afd wo n't get into government . 
  the goal will be to keep the afd % as low as possible . 
  i remember staying awake for the us election ... 
  they 're going on about how `` cucked '' france is . 
  petry is not even the candidate anymore . 
  translation : `` reeeeeeeeeeeeeeee '', 
  i remember when this backfired with / r/the _ meltdown in november , but i 'm more confident now . 
  [ link ? 
  i particularly look forward to the salt mine that will be / r/t _ d. 
  thanks , i just did , 
  damn plebs, 
  germany should n't be too exciting since the afd wo n't get anywhere near government .
