  does ua even have many units around kiev ? 
  i 'm not suggesting they 'll fully invade and occupy the country . 
  i ca n't even imagine what the end game would be , i just heard that russian tv has been ramping up war propaganda against ukraine . 
  not sure how true that is . 
  something about zapad 2017 seems fishy though . 
  maybe beat up ukraine a bit . 
  this was written at a time when germany was a collection of small states , the `` above all '' refers to the idea of a unified germany being the highest priority . 
  not really worth the effort to produce that when this works just fine . 
  i do n't know , i guess it breaks up the silhouette enough , especially in forests and urban areas . 
  this is not really unusual , [ finnish ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/0f/13/56/0f13562db5d0ea297e2af802a3d8c939.jpg ) soldiers do the same . 
  edit : not sure what it is , looks like carl gustaf . 
  if russia is easily triggered by a few hundred american soldiers on their border , posing zero offensive threat to them , it 's their own problem . 
  i imagine that 'd be inconvenient . 
  they carry equipment like magazines in pouches on the vest . 
  if this provocation to them , i wonder what the massive exercise zapad 2017 in belarus , involving over 100.000 ( perhaps up to 200.000 ) troops will be to the baltics . 
  they 're infantry , average age is 18 - early 20s . 
  ukraine was on the verge of defeating the separatists in summer 2014 , which had up until that point limited russian support by russian special forces and `` volunteers '' . 
  it is widely accepted that in august russia intervened with regular units and massive materiel support , halting the ukrainian offensive and throwing them back . 
  i agree with you , but you ca n't compare spiegel to daily mail or fucking rt. 
  they 've published many pieces highly critical of russia , here is [ one example ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/putin-wages-hybrid-war-on-germany-and-west-a-1075483.html ) . 
  i do n't believe this . 
  this would basically be suicide by lukashenko . 
  he ca n't be that retarded . 
  they are part of the german structure so they follow orders by that command . 
  however , they are only * deployed * as part of the german structure if the dutch government approves the mission . 
  with the difference that the integration is in effect by default , and not just activated for specific missions/training . 
  yes , though in this case it will be specifically the german command structure and it wo n't just be for specific missions but a permanent state , essentially fully integrating them ( still requiring approval of both parliaments for operations of course ) . 
  at least it will be this way with the dutch brigades . 
  no , the core dutch army is structured in three brigades , 11th airmobile , 13th light and 43rd mechanized . 
  11th airmobile is fully integrated with german command and 43rd mechanized will be by 2019 . 
  so two thirds of the dutch army will indeed be part of the german command structure . 
  it 's not that complicated . 
  the integrated army needs the approval of the participating governments in order to be deployed ( so germany could n't just decide to send dutch troops somewhere without dutch permission ) . 
  however , if that approval is given the dutch units operate fully under german command , following orders of that command like any german unit ( the framework of the mission would be agreed upon by both governments so there will be no surprises there ) . 
  when not deployed the participating dutch brigades are part of the german army structure by default . 
  they are basically fully integrated in the german army . 
  i do n't know about the extend of integration with czechia and romania , but i imagine it would be similar , except that those brigades will probably only be put under german command for specific missions and not permanently . 
  the integrated army only works on missions that both governments have agreed to . 
  let 's say both governments agree to send troops for a joint peace-keeping mission in country x. 
  the deployed dutch units would work under german command like any other german unit . 
  they would of course operate under a certain framework set by both governments , but the parliament merely approves the mission . 
  actual operational orders come from the german command , not the dutch parliament . 
  yes , apparently it is only in a few districts . 
  authorities said it might take up to 6 hours to restore power . 
  sorry for the mirror , only english source i was able to find for now . 
  nato member brigades are usually between 3.000 and 5.500 troops i believe . 
  in the case of the netherlands , the majority of the dutch ground forces will be integrated with the german command . 
  thanks , [ it did ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5stlpg/frances_intelligence_agency_the_dgse_believes/ddhqq71/ ) . 
  shitty translantion with the help of google translate : marine le pen : russia will push her candidacy , says the dgse the french secret services are worried about the threat of a cyberattack on the presidential election , reports `` le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' . 
  will russia interfere in the french presidential campaign ? 
  this is what worries the french secret services . 
  the canard encha\u00een\u00e9 explains in its february 8 edition how they are preparing for a russian cyberattack . 
  `` the level of alert is such that the next defense council at the elys\u00e9e will be briefed on the subject , '' the paper said . 
  on october 28 , `` political parties were summoned to the general secretariat for defense and national security '' to participate in a `` digital security awareness '' seminar . 
  the representatives received a usb key on which is a `` guide of computer hygiene '' . 
  the canard encha\u00een\u00e9 emphasizes that all the parties were present `` except the front national '' [ ... ] according to the dgse , russia intends to support the campaign of marine le pen `` on social networks , using computer bots which will generate positive messages by the thousands or by revealing the data and confidential emails of its opponents '' . 
  contacted by rtl.fr , the vice-president of the national front florian philippot explains to rely on `` the state in order to secure the presidential election '' . 
  alright , i 'll try . 
  it 's true the us military does n't need more m1 tanks in their inventory , since they already have thousands in storage as a relic of the cold war . 
  but that does n't have anything to do with tanks being deployed to europe ( not that many are brought anyways ) , where they are very much required . 
  tanks might not have been as important in the counter-insurgency campaigns of recent wars ( though they were still used ) , but in modern conventional warfare ( like in a hypothetical conflict with russia ) they would play a vital role . 
  there is a reason russia developed a new tank and intends to build quite a lot of them . 
  thanks , that makes sense . 
  [ a real badass ] ( https://twitter.com/julianroepcke/status/829228543758495744 ), 
  against the whole eu would n't happen , but securing the baltics is doable . 
  not saying that will happen , russia is n't that reckless i hope . 
  i meant in the case that lukashenko fully turns against russia and toward the west ( just hypothetically , i know it 's not possible ) , what other choice would russia have ? 
  if they do russia will `` intervene '' - they ca n't lose belarus . 
  i 've heard there is quite some comradery between belarusian and russian general staff as well , he could n't even count on the military . 
  true , russia can not lose belarus . 
  i mean , in the unlikely event that he goes full retard they would have to get rid of him , would n't they ? 
  he has to know that any attempt to break away from russia would result in russia getting rid of him in one way or the other . 
  the west wo n't help him . 
  he ca n't be that stupid . 
  that 's why this is most likely just posturing . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  not that i do n't believe you , just interested . 
  from what i heard it 's pretty capable . 
  i have already informed the authorities . 
  i hope so . 
  what if there is alleged `` massive voter fraud '' and trump tries to shut everything down until `` we can figure out what the hell is going on ? '', 
  he is right . 
  poland is also much more committed to maintaining a capable military than our government . 
  not really . 
  there are practically no germans living there , and i doubt the russian population would be too happy with living under german rule . 
  you sure ? 
  that sounds like something a polish spy would say !, 
  those `` hikes '' and `` bicyle rides '' are code for incursions into belarus i bet !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gendarmerie_ ( romania ), 
  i 'm afraid the more ground they lose in iraq and syria , the more attacks will they try to carry out here . 
  that will be their only way to stay relevant . 
  from the map that looks extremely shitty to defend . 
  it would make more sense to go all the way to the dnieper for a natural barrier , and i doubt that 's going to happen . 
  depends on how much force they 're willing to use . 
  hope everything goes well . 
  stay safe !, 
  at least get the country right . 
  football hooligans are cancer . 
  question is now if the crowds will disperse that quickly in the future when this tactic is used or if they 'll be more willing to stand their ground . 
  in what form ?
