`` economist ulrike malmendier of the university of california at berkeley argues that a share market existed as far back as ancient rome . '', 
  stock market and board of investors is nothing but share of ownership of a company which can be sold or given . 
  only difference today is that we have light speed technology , regulations and people coming from everywhere . 
  what 's prince al-waleeed got in coming to usa and buying shares ? 
  they did have those things . 
  why do old ass building survive longer than newly built buildings ? 
  what are we missing ? 
  not gon na happen while aligned with islamic brotherhood . 
  these are not the droids you are looking for . 
  the word gender is synonymous with the word sex , they means the same thing as `` black man '' means `` african man '' , just because you were n't born in africa does n't mean you are of african decent . 
  asians born in usa are still asians . 
  and the biological junk between your legs is determined by your dna . 
  something you are born with . 
  i already mentioned inter-sex . 
  that 's a biological birth defect that is only 0.05 % of worlds population . 
  the reason people are born as inter-sex is the same thing as people born with down syndrome . 
  something that should be cured . 
  not celebrated . 
  european countries are more direct democracies than the usa , sure there are elected officials but major laws are passed by referendums , unlike in the usa , where it is up to the judges and congressmen to determine the fate of the country . 
  and if you think it is impossible to run a country on direct democracy ? 
  well i say that it 's not with that attitude . 
  what i said about freedom of speech in context still applies . 
  no political or ideological views should be curb in anyway at all . 
  if a nazi group wants to march down a jewish neighborhood yelling nazi epithets , as long as they are n't committing violence or destroying public property , then they have the right , let them embarrass themselves , you have a constitutional right to be a dumb-ass . 
  even if they deny the holocaust , who gives a shit , they will only make themselves look like idiots . 
  here is a great quote about it , written by george r.r martin . 
  `` when you tear out a man 's tongue , you are not proving him a liar , you 're only telling the world that you fear what he might say '' do you honestly think that letting people deny the moon-landing or preach flat earth is going to make it a reality ? 
  everyone in the world realizes how dumb these people are . 
  imagine if the us government censors moon hoaxers and flat earthers . 
  ever heard of the streisand effect ? 
  heck , david duke , former kkk member , still white nationalist , ca n't with a straight face admit to denying the holocaust . 
  it will only make it more popular . 
  which is what is happening . 
  censoring lies will only make the lies seem more like the truth however dumb it may sound . 
  as for socialism , does european countries take money from in the form of tax and spend it on individuals ? 
  yes , that is a form of socialism , that , yes , exists in the usa too , which i despise . 
  if abolishing it means there will be `` street fights '' then so be it , i do n't fear it , if not being on welfare means they commit crimes rather than find jobs , then maybe we should introduce what i call the 2nd amendment . 
  riot in your neighborhood all you want , you are the problem of the police . 
  but if you bring that shit anywhere near my community , then i will make sure the last thing you see is the inside of my barrels . 
  if i pay tax , i want 100 % of that money to benefit me , such as military , roads , police , emt , fire-department . 
  i do n't benefit from someone else talking welfare . 
  if all that really matters to you , and you do n't care about the eu forming a military . 
  then hope for eu is lost . 
  soon it will evoke the 2nd cold ware between the eu and the west . 
  we know how that ends up . 
  this time we should make sure the american model of freedom of speech should apply . 
  my ideology did n't fail , it brought america until commies invaded the democratic party . 
  my ideology brought peach among nations . 
  my ideology brought prosperity and freedom and independence from all states . 
  the biggest economy in the world , a superpower nation . 
  and that is all now under threat . 
  i do n't know or care who ayn rand is . 
  there are only two genders . 
  xx and xy . 
  any other chromosomes are anomalies just like down syndrome , they all happen by the same causes , which consists about .05 % of the worlds population . 
  as for the rest of the majority of people who think they have a different gender than the only two that exists which is less then 1 % . 
  that 's just personality , feeling effeminate or masculine . 
  even if you take medication and go into surgery . 
  that 's just cosmetics . 
  it 's no less or more fake then two silicon tits . 
  you can choose to sleep with whoever you want , that is 100 % your choice and right . 
  but pretending that there are more than 2 genders is just unscientific . 
  if unicorns were real they would fart oxygen , nitrogen , carbon dioxide , hydrogen and methane and shit brown poop like any other mammal . 
  exactly why i hate the federal system in usa . 
  i said this before . 
  it does n't promote direct democracy . 
  the higher the government , the less representative it is . 
  clearly you do n't understand this . 
  eu is trying to representative government . 
  when countries in europe are direct democracies . 
  i believe in 3 limits on freedom of speech ; libel , causing mass hysteria ( yelling bomb in a plane ) and instigating for crimes . 
  that is because it causes physical harm and taking away someones freedom . 
  if you call someone a pedophile or rapist , you better back it up with proof because you can risk someone who is innocent to face jail . 
  your feelings being hurt in not injustice . 
  that 's because you are an idiot . 
  i do not get offended by any insults or slurs . 
  i am above it . 
  ** i am an arab and my friends call me sand nigger or make jokes about how i am a terrorist . 
  it 's banter to us . 
  and i frankly do n't understand why anyone would be offended . 
  one of my best friend is a jew and i call him a kike and make nazi and holocaust jokes . 
  we all laugh hysterically . 
  being offended is for kids . 
  we are adults . 
  ** because if you claim nazism is offensive and must be curbed , then i believe that any talk about socialism and communism is offensive should be curbed . 
  but it is n't ... is it ? 
  i very well damn know what socialism is , i have read kark marx 's das kapital and friedrich engels 's socialism . 
  it 's horrifying , it 's a nightmare . 
  and it is coming true in europe , by democracy or not . 
  if you give away your right by choice , you are still giving away your fundamental human right . 
  the reason hillary and obama were accused of being a socialist not because of left or right wing policies . 
  ** it 's authoritarianism vs libertarianism . 
  ** they both are neoliberals , which is not different that neocon , except that they are socially libertarian , which boo hoo if you believe in taking my money and giving it to someone else for not good reason or necessity . 
  `` redistribution of wealth '' is theft . 
  plain and simple . 
  and eu `` stepping in to save democracy '' is one of the funniest doublespeak i have ever heard . 
  [ you really think the eu is not building an army ? 
  ] ( http://foreignpolicy.com/2017/05/22/germany-is-quietly-building-a-european-army-under-its-command/ ) [ do you honestly think they wont come to jackboot your nation ? 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/european-parliament-nato-backs-plans-create-defence-union-a7432706.html ) my paranoia is showing , because this is history repeating itself right in front of your eyes , but you are blind with social justice . 
  i do n't care if you are one of the two genders .
