  now to the business side of things , you are an italian shirt manufacturer , you hate paying a solidarity tax , do you move to vietnam ? 
  no , because if it would have been economically reasonable to make such a move you would have already made it , with or without that solidarity tax , because that is a business the most efficient way to produce and sell something . 
  but lets say that nobody buys your shirts because they ca n't afford it , so you change your whole business plan and do move to vietnam ( witch will require a lot of money ) , does the italian economy suffer because of this ? , does the eu economy suffer ? , do your former competitors suffer ( maybe because of to much celebratory chianti ) , the only ones that suffer are your former employees but because they life on the civilised part of the atlantic they have unemployment , healthcare and probably little to no debt . 
  how can you even make such a paralel ? 
  we ( our auto industry ) had a big role in detroit 's downfall . 
  we can easily become more competitive , just hire people with vietnam level salaries , give corporations the freedom to completely destroy the environment like the us or we could just inject ridiculous amounts of money in the banking sector so they redistribute cheap money in the economy with very low recovery rates like china . 
  competitivity is not a goal , the well being of citizens is , we are already competitive on markets with high added value why strive for sectors that promote unhealthy growth models . 
  the eu because of its diversity , on average , withstood much better than china or the us in this financial crisis , it is easy to label the pigs as vulnerabilities but those are nothing compared to whole american industries that required bailouts . 
  one of the pillars of our crisis is the borrowing policy that the imf encouraged . 
  it 's like a heroin dealer criticizing a junkie for not having a job after he forced him into withdrawal . 
  i see a big difference between having a shrine in your house and celebrating christmas ( from a western perspective at least , so i maybe wrong ) . 
  in other news the imf urges europe to stop giving a fuck about workers and think about how difficult it is to be a banker or broker . 
  `` there 's your problem '', 
  yes but in this context it 's still a religious practice , compared to agnostics or atheists , is n't it ? 
  i have n't seen the actual papers up-close ( the censor insisted on a no touching policy ) but both times my censor and my cousin 's had a problem with the concept of non-religion being a valid response , it may very well be a lack of training or a personal grudge against secular people that both censors shared or a ( conspiracy alert ! ), 
  central directive , because when 30 % of the population says they believe in pizza more than god , you kinda have to start the debate over financing churches and priests from the public budget and that would n't go well with the church would maybe wo n't be very understanding come election time . 
  i know he should have argued but the context was more bang , bang - thank you ma'am , than that of a debate . 
  i think the estimate ( source : tv ) was 15 minutes per person , but with me the censor finished in 6 minutes in total with the argument over atheism as a valid religion , so only if you really insisted did the censor actually recorded your denomination right . 
  you 're thinking of actual religious practitioners , but think about how many adulterers or sleazeballs define themselves as religious just because they take part in religious rituals on holidays , weddings , baptisms of funerals . 
  i 'll give an example of the current ~ ~ referendum ~ ~ ( census ) where my cousin on the question of religious faith responded that he is agnostic , but guess what , there was n't a box with that option and the interviewer changed the question to : what religion was he baptised in , he responded orthodox and so a non-believer was marked as another willing tax payer that has his beliefs represented by the official church . 
  why is japans religiosity different ? 
  hanna-barbera cartoons by any chance ? 
  no they did n't , they circumvented the legal framework that sould n't be there in the first place , anyway arguing that either side sees the laws as more than obstacles is subjective partizanship . 
  this is the authority laws have in romania at this time and i personally prefer it to a stable form of autoritarian goverment where all the branches of goverment have one political colour and pluralism is inexistent , that is the structure iliescu and nastase put in place , from judicial , to local , in the timeframe of a presidential mandate , everything can be uniformed . 
  so there is no oposition and no questioning of the rulling power , add to this , the corrupt press and the reach of the secret services and you have a real life dystopia . 
  actually you 're might have something , oresharski 's mandate comes from the socialist party ( former communist party ) , that is not a member of the ppe, 
  everyone is epp , especially in eastern europe , i think they automatically accept you in when you become a political party . 
  but more to the point , ~ ~ gerb the ruling party in bulgaria , is also in the epp ~ ~ ( gerb is has the majority but lost the mandate to the socialists ) edit : actually oresharski is a representative of the socialist party , and not a member of epp, 
  yes it will , generation x is more fed up then you are , they where never trained to take over and control . 
  the only obstacle will be ignorance which all recent generation has in abundance . 
  but in general we speak the same post-existential language and we will change the world for the best . 
  time brings 2 inevitable forces more or less interconnected : social change and death . 
  we only have to avoid the latter until the first occurs . 
  wait for the death of the ' 60 's generation that has immense political and economical power compared to the rest of us . 
  after that there will be serious economical issues , that will have to be addressed , political and social roles will be redefined and all will be well . 
  you can not silence a generation that tasted freedom . 
  in the sort term , support the green party , the pirate party even right wing or anarchist party any marginalised party that is non traditional . 
  your vote wo n't be relevant , but it will register as a vote of opposition . 
  this is better in my opinion than not voting because it can not be trivialised as ignorance or disinterest in politics . 
  no , last year she picked the side of the government not the people , more detail would be romanian politics that are n't relevant to the case in hand . 
  good article op , and very detailed really worth reading . 
  the article has some interesting points i want to underline . 
  xenophobic culture does not generate votes for radical parties , this i think is more a manifestation of disappointment in traditional parties on the side of the electorate . 
  the established parties are homogeneous from the voters point of view on matters like immigration and national autonomy , this fuels nationalist fires that are ancestral for out continent , these in term give radicals a audience that make them news worthy . 
  i feel you 're pain , but as god-the protector dissipates from the collective mind and existential fears are amplified by tv tragedies . 
  political marketing comes to the rescue : exaggeratin anguish and then offering solutions at the low , low price of your independence and freedom . 
   do n't want to loose that porn site you love , still want to make terrorist jokes on facebook , do n't worry our fascist state comes with a payment plan in stages : your inert overstimulated technophilic mind wo n't even feel the payments , you 'll only realize the change when you 'll tell your children crazy stories about freedom of expression and unbiased opinions . 
   - ... and then there where websites where you could to see tv shows for free ...  - shut-up old man , you 're just high . 
   vote at the next election for the party of your choice and be proud you changed nothing !, 
  reading was against the romanian protests and the antigovernment measures that took place here a year and a half ago in romania so why the change of heart ? 
  i understand we do n't like non-eu europeans , but fences ? 
  give them a chance , i 'm sure non eu boar can be as tasty as its euro brethren . 
  actually it will increase rape and teenage pregnancies , but that 's beside the point . 
  the cause is always more important than the effect in these kind of moralising policies . 
  i fully agree , it is the classical touchy moral issue american politicians have used to created irrelevant debates that mask the fact there are no debates when it comes to privacy policies , economical measures or political diversity on complex subjects . 
  same here , but here the opposition would complain about how much it would cost , how many funds will be subverted or argue that the ruling party should have other priorities , and after the arguing , the tv shows and the corruption , you end up with 20 km of highway between `` nobody cares '' and `` nothing here '' that is inaugurated with celebrations and pride . 
  [ clarkson meets the neighbours ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pke1mqmjwg ), 
  hope it works out and southern and eastern countries copy your policy . 
  so the ruling party just said lets turbocharge the economy and build up our infrastructure because it 's the right ting to do ? 
  * the atom thing in brussels * your prime minister is gay * leopold was worst than hitler but not for whites so history does n't really care * for some reason you ca n't get along with your fellow belgian if he is speaking another language but you do n't want to spit up the country * you have weird sports ( clarkson video ) * you have a new generation of football players that play really beautiful soccer ( national team ) * you had some great renaissance painters * your famous for waffles and chocolate but i do n't really care about them , but your beer has a special place in my heart * the 24 hour race at spa * antwerp is a beautiful city * and jean claude van damme, 
  oh ... you swiss with your common sense and logic that 's not how we do it here in the rest of the continent , we have pride , historical anguish and dick measuring contests between former imperialists to define our borders . 
  no austerity for you guys , i guess . 
  are there elections in the foreseeable future or is this a thing all your parties agreed upon ? 
  easier access to our markets for established companies from your countries . 
  our government incompetence makes it very profitable ( preferential tax rates ) to build ( or buy ) a factory here , we have a qualified work force working for pennies compared with a worker of similar qualification from your country and logistical and managerial costs are a fraction of what it would cost if that factory would be on another continent . 
  our consumer markets are also very valuable , we are uneducated consumers , legislation and government supervision is appalling , spending power is on the rise and our local companies lack the resources to be a serious threat . 
  from a geopolitical point of view , in a world where continent-nations are the main players , germany , france , spain , italy and co. would have ended up becoming second hand players , simple backers of us policies , without the backing of a whole continent . 
  how roman of him , * the italian peninsula , keeping the rich comfortable since 500 b.c. 
  true , but the same can be said about your country not being iraq . 
  i made a brief comparison ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_military_expenditures ) ) the us spends 300 times more than iraq and russia spends 180 times more than you do . 
  of course there are other factors like technology , geopolitical alliances on one hand and proximity and man power on the other . 
  my point still stands the gap between big and small countries is so big that arms races are a very ineffective means of defence for small countries . 
  to reiterate my problem , small countries are encouraged to spend money on foreign weapons ( buying cost , maintenance and training ) , we spend money on an ineffective army while the big guys military industries benefit from our faulty short term policies . 
  i do n't have a lot of praise for the ussr but at least they gave technology and encourage local military development . 
  this creates economic benefits not just geopolitical benefits . 
  it 's realistic , but besides those who now have a voice i see people that whant more want a better country , but do not dare to hope , if they would use / r/romania a fraction of how much they use fb , that hope would reignite and burn the silence and complacency , i see `` tzarani '' on a daily basis to , but i see a lot of decent people to , and the internet is the only way they can communicate . 
  when i say blog post i do not mean a journalists blog or a `` bloggarash '' i mean decent 10 hour a day worker that just spills his everyday frustrations ( because he grew up with the internet ) , i mean the housewife that posts recipes , that is the level where change can happen , when everyone has a voice , people who really have something to say will be behind movements not frustrated students or news outlets . 
  i bet you heard a lot about web 2.0 but that 's marketing bullshit , that has n't happen yet in our country , but it will , slowly , it will . 
   as for `` socially immoral : '' the cost of a military i was just saying in a extreme case that you would spend 40 % -50 % of your government budget on armament . 
  i understant the logic of halting back a invasion , but unless those armored vehicles are hidden , they will be gone after the initial air strike . 
  what i am trying to say is that in a modern war a small countries army can do little to nothing if threatened by a powerful enemy . 
  most american casualties where made in the occupational phase , not during the invasion and iraq had the money and the resources to put up a fight . 
  i understand very well where you 're coming from . 
  but the internet has illuminated more minds than the printing press , it the best weapon humanity has against ignorance , a well written blog post can change more minds that any individual in the real world going from person to person . 
  we can not force people to be smarter we can only offer options and let them choose what is right , as i and i believe you have done in the past . 
  nobody is borne literate , but everyone is curious let that curiosity guide them . 
  of course a lot of minds will stray in conspiracy theories and twerk videos but most will not and for those we should be tolerant of idiots commenting on youtube and strive to have more people with internet acces . 
  you ca n't spend enough , it is financially impossible and socially immoral to spend all of you budget on your army . 
  if all of the eastern block would have a unified army budget it will still be a fraction of what russia spends . 
  well with this logic why cure aids , its only gon na save africans . 
  funny how progress is only wanted if you get to benefit . 
  the iraq war was more conventional ( the smaller side had a chance ) than the invasion of georgia , that was just russia flexing and proving that germans care more about warm homes than dead easterners . 
   superior military force also have families , and mothers crying over their dead children in a war i would love that to be a reason , but reality has shown us time and time again it is not a deterrent , national propaganda and the illusion of military courage make any military action seem not only justified , but encouraged by the public . 
  it is a sad and twisted fact that we still consider dying in a war of aggression an act of courage . 
  by all means you have great reasons to maintain a modern up to date army , but should the money be spent on a national army vs a regional one ? 
  or is n't it better to buy technology rather than weapons , so that your own economy can reap some benefits ? 
  i am just commenting what i think my own country military policy should be . 
  this is exactly what i mean , an army is the most expensive way to defend yourself at this time . 
  how active is the eastern bear ? 
  diplomatic comments or are they acting like it 's still 1989 `` in democratic russia we defend your democracy from your people '' ?
