  nope , just common sense . 
   to any man that had a head strong so i did n't say anything different . 
  there are significantly more stubborn women in the world, 
  killing people is wrong killing people for egos and the selfish interest of rules is evil rewriting history so that you are a good guy is downright perverted . 
  rome is n't great because of its achievements , it 's great because it 's sons ruled the world until this day the huns where n't more evil or significantly more primitive than rome , just that their sons did n't profit from the agricultural revolution and write the culture and developement of europe for the next 1500 years . 
  having limited access to warm seas did n't help either . 
  corruption is not region specific . 
  it is universal , it goes hand in hand with power . 
  the greater the power the greater the corruption and more power generally means that the ruling class has more tools and leverage to buy the happiness of the people or spin the truth in its favor . 
  understand that from my point of view this is universal , from the carolinian tea party to the bolivian socialists, 
  nice guess  but seriously , your government is n't conservative , it is corrupt , and without oversight that conservative agenda would have absolutely no breaks . 
  and without breaks and a sense of measure your ruling plutocracy will run your region into the ground . 
  with borders and customs most companies would relocate in florida to remain competitive and servicing the rest of the country , your agriculture will agriculture will be destroyed by floods without subsidies . 
  the energy and tech sector will be the life lines , but as the economic reality sets in and actual political dissent threatens the established politicians , they will turn their back to their former corporate friends or lose the election either way those industries will be milked for agricultural subsidies and social spending . 
  populism and the lack of political influence will surely ruin the energy sector . 
  a political shock is always advantageous for the ones in power , they get to redefine the rules while the public is still waiting for things to settle and find reasons to be optimistic . 
  sorry for not falling for political games just because they are in line with my idealism . 
  that being said , the amount is relevant because this is a warning not punishment ( becali , nastase ) . 
  a wealthy person has lots of skeletons , which one gets dug up is not random . 
  try linguistics , fascinating field , you get humbled by how limitation , our language is and how bias it fundamentally makes us . 
  i do my best to surpass this limitation and then apply words to my concepts . 
  the idealist wants change he can also find common ground with the pessimist ( regarding the present ) and the optimist ( with the future ) . 
  with our rule of law , things would degenerate into perfect anarchy . 
  relax everyone , it 's a power play , the case is for 20000 euros , this is chicken shit , max 2 years , six months more likely . 
  there are signs and there are efforts . 
  we ca n't abandon ukraine now , but we do n't want a neighbor 's troubles to become our problems . 
  i 've seen more bias and reductionism from the sjw on the internet than in this article . 
  i think ideas thange the world , not people . 
  a optimist sees no reason to change . 
  or rejects reasons as the fantasy is always preferable to reality . 
  a pessimist is just a realist without hope . 
  but he can serve as a conduit or even the origin of the ideas that generate change . 
  yes , we reject actual action and deem it pointless as change is functionally impossible . 
  but even that negativity helps as it fuels the fight in the idealists . 
  being a optimist does n't change the world . 
  do n't say that , we 're stupid enough to take it and call it a win . 
  ethical people do not reach positions of reasponsability ( and by extension power ) . 
  ethics is in practice is just the universal language of empathy , and as all languages , it is a tool . 
  not even a fascist state with the might of america can recover from that . 
  but if there is a government that would be so brutal and inconsiderate of the wishes of it 's people , that government would be a fascist us government . 
  in general , there is purpose behind these news , and none are honorable . 
  it 's a preemptive spin , either a angry government had this bullet or a competitor . 
  money for organising or for campains ? 
  i understand hyperbole shooting above your head , but in my defense i did say jk = just kidding of course texas wo n't secede , without the federerales to keep their racist bible tumphing corporate backing plutocracy in check . 
  they would run the state into the ground and then invade mexico for the cocaine . 
   may not be able to form a political group -- needed both for the influence and the cash it brings . 
  can someone elaborate ? 
  are n't votes , votes ? 
  how does having a group make you more effective ? 
  it would be considered a political issue only by those `` dastardly feminists '' . 
  because the difficulty of arguing with women are well known to any man that had a head strong so , it 's a joke , like saying `` you do n't know if it was the vodka talking or the president '' . 
  he just used a married guy cliche , it is innocent , especially compared to his recent provocations . 
  how dare you put me in you cisgendered categories ? 
  not going to realistically happen , in six years we 'll be best buddies with russia again , they drop 10 % of the price for german companies and offer some refineries to the austrians and support for the alternatives goes away . 
  i doubt there are long term husbands that would disagree . 
  how dare they disagree with you , someone should ban them , that is literally rape culture . 
  he can always put down the phone, 
  * if they do n't want to leave , i just noticed it , sorry my bad, 
  actually , if they do n't want to leave the jail , it becomes a shelter . 
  europe needs russian resources . 
  i know that as a well fed and comfortable westerner you want to put righteousness in front of realism , but that 's not how geopolitical decisions are made . 
  a second recession , so fast after the previous one would make even the swedes revolt . 
  righteousness is only available for leaders when it comes to election , pragmatism and economic well being is important during their term because based on that they get to keep their comfy leadership seats . 
  now the current balance of stick ( us ) and carrot ( eu ) makes sense . 
  and your indignation will pass . 
  once ukraine joins the eu , even they wo n't really give a shit anymore . 
  some like it that way . 
  violence and ignorance is a problem , it just happens to be muslim due to historical context . 
  both conservatives that accentuate the muslim part , and liberals that are blind to the violence because of the muslim part are racists , just that one side expreses that racism with hate and the other with guilt . 
  to exceptionalise muslims is to neglect historical context and understand that radicalism is not derivative of ideology but of the economic and political status quo . 
  america has been stomping out oposition and intervening in smaller countries for 200 years but unlike south america , asia or europe the middle east ( like africa ) was so corrupt that actual cultural and social progres needed more than money . 
  this primitive xenofobia mixed in with huge amounts of money injected in the region ( which african extremists can only dream of ) turbo charged the guerilla warfare from local to global . 
  this was embraced by traditionalist inner racism because they found a boogey man , russia was n't doing the trick anymore ( luckyly tehy step up their game in the recent months ) . 
  when you combine a adoptive country that is inately prejudiced ( either liberar racism or conservative racism ) with a population that sees themself as the product of centuries of white abuse , either european or more recently american , you get isolationism , and that is the source for local violence . 
  do you want to stop having isues , request imigrants to know the local language , spread them out , do n't let them congregate in pockets of racial tensions , stop motherfucking using the word imigrant or muslim just to make the headline atractive to racist , ( inless the murderer beats someone with a coran , his religion or race is not fucking important ), 
  conservatives will see the potential in those blue collar voters and simplify and radicalise their mesage in the near future . 
  just like how republicans lowered the bar when they saw the potential of the tea party electorate . 
  partially true , they are idiots , they do n't know how to get bribes and the inteligence services is monitoring all of them , but despite this , nobody moves a file until it needs to . 
  this is how the nomenclature works , you do your job when you are asked to . 
  you can believe in ideology but you do n't have a nation that is capable of anything better . 
  we never learned what good leaders are . 
  our history is filled with patriotic bullshit but in reality we where raped by any empire that wanted us and our leaders more often than not where the ones that pimped us out , just to maintain a modicum of power . 
  i would assume that is why we idealise the few respectable leaders we had , to deflect from our shitty ones . 
  romania was medieval 2 generations ago . 
  so there is n't really that great of a tradition . 
  comunism took those peasants and made them working cogs . 
  ( not very good working cogs but that is beside the point ) . 
  the upper class was either wiped up or absorbed by the system , others grew from that system , in both cases i would n't trust them . 
  you mentioned the red plague , how do you justify the partisanship considering that our whole political class is made up of people that would be fired for incompetence in any civilised system or would probably be working in organised crime if not for their political career . 
  they have no ideology , the have no allegiance , the only thing they care about is maintaining power ( this is a consequence of power itself ) . 
  it 's easy to idealise the past and be contrarian regarding the present that is why fascism is so popular , but the reality is that from fascist to monarchist any man that strives for power is untrustworthy . 
  it is the job of the people to keep him in check and that need for accountability is what defines a mature democracy vs a young one or a jaded manipulated one . 
  they only care about power , election are a simple formality . 
  the ruling class has no moral or any other form of obligation towards it 's electorate . 
  actual ideological choice is nonexistent , nor is it desired by the population . 
  the vast majority is perpetually unhappy , uneducated and with the memory and attention span of a chicken . 
  any actual debate is impossible because the average person votes out of respect or hate . 
  both the media and the people that consume the media want headlines not ideas . 
  let 's have a laugh or some indignation today because we 'll all fucked tomorrow anyway . 
  and we are fundamentally fucked because we never got rid of our communist ruling class , we just asked them to change the rules , and then stoped asking for any form of accountability .
