  their banks are opportunists , like you where when you found cheap credit not backed up by a high productivity . 
  the bailout occured as a deficient politicy of protectionism , this is the political status quo globaly , the same thinking went into bailing out greece , and proping up weak , coruption ridden economies . 
  it is self interest but more along the lines of self repservation than greed . 
  not more than russian or polish companies . 
  the issue is just that they do n't have the credibility and power of distribution . 
  a weak labor market will be abused , if it 's not by german capital it will be local capital ( which often does n't come with the same legislative limitations ) . 
   are n't they out-competing southern and peripheral companies simply by affording credit lines , while native companies get usurious rates or no credit at all ? 
  this is a real issue , i agree , it is a systemic problem , there are efforts to limit this trough a banking union , privatisation is the macroeconomic status quo , if you ca n't affort it you need to loose it , germany is just arguing for the best solution academia currently came up with . 
  some would argue also it 's creation , and salvation . 
  i agree they are politically and economically to big to call the current eu a union that is ruled by consensus . 
  it is n't a step forward , you keep the power centralised ( the real issue ) but just appoint more likeable `` rulers '' , it 's a form over function solution if you will . 
  i did not say i wo n't accept anything , my will is irrelevant ( almost ) i am but one individual , my power is technically one vote , but by free speech i can create dialog , open up other options , make other people expect more . 
  that in turn creates a fairer more balanced system than just my ( irrelevant ) one vote . 
  i can not impose my views , nor are they deserving of that , i can however change the ecosystem so that it makes better choices as a whole . 
  there where at least 10 minutes of that , it took a while for germany to remenber you do n't score with such a frequency in soccer , they just could n't get enough , it was kinda abusive, 
   even my moderately democratic suggestions were kinda ignored that is my point , that is why i do n't express moderate views and go for the radical one consensus leads to a miopic rule of moderation , it limits actual discusion , debate and progresiveness . 
  ( if you control some opinion leaders this devolves into one sided propaganda ) my positions are heavily rooted in realism , i would argue even pragmatism , outcome ( dialog ) being more important than momentary stability ( consensus , acceptance and embrace of mainstream political positions out of laziness ) . 
  yes , but it 's important to make the distinction that basics is power of the individual and democracy is just a fast food version of it , it is cheap , easy and widely known but it is far from a basic solution . 
  conceptual yes , it is democratic . 
  but in practice the term means , you apoint by popular majority a ruler . 
  not a manager , not a arbitrator nor even a leader , a commander and for the time being he is for the most part king . 
  the difference between a bad system and a good one is not how the guy in charge got there , but how much power he has and how he choses to use that power : notice that you can only systemically control how much he has and not how he will use it . 
   that 's already a couple of steps ahead of what most parliamentary democracies allow . 
  the issue is that people are either frickle or dogmatic , there is a relatively small part that is objective and rational . 
  now you can see a objectively anti american view come heavily under fire once the russians are a threat . 
  conversely some people still argue fukushima when nuclear is pointed out as the optimal solution we currently have for energy sustainability and autonomy . 
  as i said , democracy ( the practical meaning ) is the best we currently have at a national level , nothing more , nothing less . 
  i do not have any experience regarding automod , css or the mod toolbox . 
  i also did not moderate any other comunity . 
  i live in the eet zone , or utc + 2 . 
  i usually stay on reddit before 10 am and after 5 pm . 
  my favorite thing about / r/europe is the diversity , when it occurs and the civility of most of the discussion . 
  my least favorite thing is the echo chamber effect , ideas ripped from reality tend to evolve and have a life of their own to such a degree that they are completely unpractical and opposition to those established ideas is dismissed with an ad hominem and derogatory terms like nationalist or apologist . 
  if i where supreme g ( m ) od i would remove karma comments . 
  establish a delta system like cmv , make a sort of `` best of '' weekly thread where people post and discuss insightful comments that might have been drowned out by the noise . 
  establish a special kind of mod givel labels , like the `` crimeean peace keeper '' or the `` liberal fascist '' to define a persons identity based on his activity rather than what only his country or what he wants to say about himself . 
  i think i would make a good moderator because i think most people say what they think is best : for them , for their family , for their reddit comunity . 
  we life in a world where conservative discourse is so low that we dismiss them imediatly , liberal views are self-evident so we never put under scrutiny how they are aplied , winning a debate is more important than finding out the best outcome and maybe even getting some insight for yourself . 
  now i 'm no saying i will change internet culture and behavior on my own , but i am saying that it would benefit plurality is someone that has more divergent views should be involved , neither a liberal nor a eurosceptic , because the purpose of this community should be the rejection of those mass media general labels and the encouragement of individual views and understanding those that are different . 
  i think people deserve to choose badly . 
  ( rather than it being slowly imposed on them due to their pasivity ) i think the uk should reform their political system first of all as the bipolar political spectrum they have is unhealthy ( my country is heading there to so no mockery here ) . 
  i think cameron should choose a side , stay with it and suffer the consequences . 
  the referendum is just conservative pandering , if it occurs both labor and ( behind close doors ) will formulate it so that regardless of outcome the uk will stay in the eu . 
  issues are much more complicated that yes or no , and if someone presents a simplified version he is just pandering to stupid people . 
  in one you give power to the guy you like the most . 
  in the other you empower someone to make decisions based on mutual consesus never actually giving up power as a comunity . 
  establishing a court of appeals , punishment by mockery rather than banishment , establishing a system that enforces diversity and makes even the less popular opinions be expresed and discuss ( casual amas or cmvs threads ) actual power to the people rather than empowered by the people . 
   i do n't think i have to argue the merits of democracy in the year 2014 . this is exactly why people are blind to its faults , it 's the best option we currently came up with , but it is far from optimal . 
  and i extremely counterproductive for some communities like this one . 
  actually i wanted to argue syndicalism due to reddit being a uniform comunity with more or less the same purpose . 
  nobody will overthrow your government , people are to selfish for that . 
  that is how the rule of the majority works , if 50 % of a comunity decides your ideas are wrong they are wrong , if they decide you do not contribute to the discusion , you are silenced . 
  also on a internet forum , mod = god , if you do n't like it , move on , nobody needs to accomodate your preferences . 
  i 'm a eu federalist with anti statist views , i think saying german politics is xenophobic is xenophobic and any asertion regading culture is primitive and racist . 
  who 's with me ? 
  honestly , the best information , unfiltered and life can be found on twitter/tumbrl/facebook , it will be mostly dribble , but the wheer volume is impressive . 
  the russian media has less credibility , but that is just due to you coming from the other side . 
  unless the abuse is not systemic , otherwise it is just liberal pandering . 
  you need to understand that you are pandered to , politics has no morality , politicians have no vision , from a objective point of view liberal measures can be as pointless are building a fence to keep the muslims out , and a measure like this can deflect from real issues , like low qualified job numbers . 
  are you looking for information , insight and attitude or moderation ? 
  after you accept the fact that most news is `` delivered '' and all news has a agenda , negative propaganda is n't as bad or unusual . 
   you should also enact laws that would prevent abuses before they would happen if this would be a logical fundament you would legislate peoples entire life allowing only optimal behavior because `` quality of life '' when you say outdated you actually mean , not in line with current political views , it is n't better or worse , unless there is actual abuse , which curently there is n't . 
  you do not enact laws because they sound good or to prevent non existent abuses , you enact them to correct immoral practises that happen organically, 
  that is the result of a defective global diplomacy that lets powerfull countries do as their interest dictates uncontested . 
  because they are genuinely bad in themselves ,, 
  scumbag romanian policeman argues : someone should do something about all this corruption and injustice . 
  while pocketing 15 euros to forget you where doing 45 in a area with a 30 kph temporary limit . 
  you do realise that your anti russian perspective is just a product of the other sides propaganda . 
  there are not objective news outlets , simply reporting the news is not financiallyrsustainable . 
  also in the age of me , objective truth much like the other side 's propaganda clashes with your values , and world view so even if it where to run on loss , objectivity is a bound to get you more hate then admiration . 
  i genuinely recommend you go for american news outlets when it comes to russia , muslim ones when it comes to american issues and so on , you get the picture . 
  negative propaganda is usually more accurate and easier to verify than positive dissimulation due to the fact that is easier to expose bad news that it is to make up good news and the fact that everyone that is in power is fundamentally a horrible human being . 
  for the same reason you do n't take antibiotics preventively or make laws to punish people for being rude . 
  by that rationale you ban cars because the run people over , was it actually exploited ? 
  are there sweatshops in germany ? 
  why ? 
  poverty is n't really a issue in germany is it ? 
  who benefits from this exactly ? 
  funny how we struggle to accommodate even the slightest sensibility but we ca n't accommodate those who actually need comfort , peace and understanding . 
  so scandinavian metal does n't count ? 
  it 's interesting that after the recent union between the presidents former party and the pnl , a lot of members of the pnl had corruption investigation cases opened . 
  ( not saying it 's intentional , i have no proof of that , the timing just seems interesting ), 
  when it comes to wars born out of pure ego , we have even the americans beat , up until the last century european wars where basically dick swinging competitions fought with the lives of poor people . 
  so i understand the rationel , i do n't agree with it , but considering how hot headed the americans and british are , it would be the more sensible option . 
  war unfortunatly has now winner , just survivors that lost more or less . 
  since the center of the europe is alsace . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/einzugsgebiet_ ( hydrologie ) #mediaviewer / datei : ocean_drainage . png i counted it as mediterranean . 
  i guess you know about the american continental divide , i would separate europe in the same way : countries whose rivers drain in the atlantic and in the mediteranean . 
  atlantic , ( this includes the baltic sea ) mediteranean ( except for spain and france ), 
  he had 50 parties campaining for him . 
  that is the epp , the actual majority is given be political negotiations and deals between continental and national politicians . 
  unfortunately it is , that is why regardless of your vote you get generally the same policies and the executive is significantly more powerful than the parliament . 
  who needs plurality when you 've got a majority, 
  i genuinely wondered what their beliefs are because i know both the principles and the propaganda surrounding the ukip , but unfortunately i only know the propaganda surrounding the gd and the fn . 
  my last comment was just humorous in nature i did not mean to insult your sensitivities . 
  as a german is n't he purer that romanians ? 
  it is a higly centralised industry . 
  when you have a centralised unit gdp is easy . 
  however the benefits are also centralised . 
  that was specifically my point .
