  cool, 
  then look somewhere else than politics, 
  no , accusations are not judgements . 
  and also it is considered morally reprehensible for a government to execute their people but if it serves our interest it 's just how you do international business . 
  funny how it is a real thing when you expect russia to abide by it . 
  goverments are not a real deal , but over the course of time we decided it is better with something like a goverment than without it so we stuck to the model and tried to improve it . 
  i think if you want people to abide by them ( be the world police ) , then you should abide by them and hold yourself to a higher standard ( like policemen are ), 
  then we have different opinions in regards to human nature and the function of the state . 
  where there are also some divergent opinions in russia ? 
  you recognise them by the bruises and the lack of freedom . 
  that is beside the point , the idea was that people believe what they hear in general , if people would know all the shit their government does only conservative countries ruled by cynics would survive . 
  oh , you misunderstand , i think all governments are evil , the us is just certain nobody with autority will call them out on their shit and there wo n't be any real consequences . 
  ( a to big to prosecute by the hague if you will ) yeah , i may seem kinda bias because i accuse both russia and the us of violating international laws . 
  while most prefer to not anger the americans because they got scared shitless by the russians . 
  a plus is that russia does n't kill foreign citisens in foreign countries without due process with drones . 
  so i think a bit of bias in regards to american foreign policies is justified . 
  beside the sources is it any different than a internet enviromental anarchist ? 
  that is not what his electorate thinks . 
  it depends on the experts , you are forced to inact laws where the effects are only visible in the long term so any actual research is at best speculative . 
  there are also fields where empiric research is very difficult ( actual experiments are impossible ) and the bias ( and political affiliations ) of the researchers can impact the results . 
  even if there is a majority of crazy creationists that want those policies ? 
  i am bitching about how subjective we are toward american foreign policy when we would start a trade embargo and cut all diplomatic ties to any other country that would pull this shit . 
   chose america because they did n't think the us could project power across the pacific i understood it was due to the us embargo on oil . 
  but i would be curious to read that thread . 
   also , the ussr would not have won if it were n't for american industry churning out vehicles and machinery for the red army care to expand on that ? 
  yes , but i do n't use a specific measure just for the us . 
  it tends to come across as prorussian or `` anti-freedom '', 
  really , is n't the current battle cry : we should have stayed in iraq !, 
  i agree , but it 's not their nationality that gives them that , it 's the system , it was design with that in mind . 
  i would argue that most dealings are still under the table and what you see as acountability is actually propaganda . 
  news journalism is severely limited when it comes to real issues . 
  i think our views are produced , i work in advertising , you would be amased of what a opinion can do . 
  now imagine that opinion being from a legitimate source , imagine the ethics are completely balck and white and laided out in front of you , and all disenting opinions being limited and discredited . 
  you just armed the most powerfull weapon of all , belief powered by moral self ritheousness . 
  the average person does n't give a fuck about ambiguity and the average activist does n't care about the flaus of his leaders , he can only see the enemy . 
  now these are my opinions , which as i mentioned i am subject to my own biases , but as a anti statist mine are more regarding practicality than simplifing and projecting my own position in regard to interantional issues . 
  but i 'll try to do exaclty this so you understand i do n't single out americans : i think any man in power will abuse that power but only the one that angers the people will be called out on it . 
  americans just happne to have a lot of power currently . 
  actually not , i 'm quite right wing in views ( significantly more than the average redditor ) , but the republican interventionist attitude is just way to much for anyone with common sense . 
  hmmm , yeah but it 's a preference more than anything else , as a english beaurocrat will give as little fucks as a danish one . 
  it 's about lack of acountability and detachement . 
  if you where to compare a english populist with european populist , then again you got a point . 
  i was countering the point of `` having lived there '' . 
  you have more in common with junker than churchill just because time is significantly more important than nationality, 
  are they statist ? 
  socialists ? 
  it 's basically the same thing , we just get to elect the guy who kisses the rich douchebags ass . 
  it 's not about living there , teoretically a present day european can make better laws than the parliament that gave you the magna charta . 
  it 's about detachement if the law does not effect directly or someone in proximity of the people that made it , they do n't really give a fuck about it . 
  they simply make the `` right '' choice according to what the generally agree right is , and a lot of times that right does a lot of harm to people . 
   a ) the usa is n't some imperialistic state which wants to dominate the world tell the militarists from the republican party that  a good portion of the time , they do have casus belli ( either asked to come in by one faction and/or it stays within a cooperative mission they do n't just pick the side that asks them first , they generally support that side ( regardless of their legitimacy ) and if the off the books help is n't enough they intervene , wich by itself is a abuse of internaltional laws , we would never let the russians do that ( well we would but we would scold them significantly more ) iraq and afganistan , par example , so we do n't speak in generalisations . 
  actually no , most traditional conflicts arise from a lack of resources , which are fewer and fewer , most modern wars are either strategic western interest based or ideological . 
  what do you call developemnt , it is higly centralised and isolated , i think moldova will bacome a healty economy faster than belarus . 
  is it surprising ? 
  no gmos , high level of producer subsidies on top of what is a highly decentralised and efficient industry . 
  of course there is the us trade agreement and no market is healthy enough to handle those corporate monsters . 
  in europe there is no normal we are all a product of a unique series of conflicts and circumstances . 
  yes moldova is still macroeconomically medieval but belarus is basically north koreea despite having twice the gdp/capita ( which is a very superficial indicator as a huge cetralised economy can have a significantly higher gdp than even a small capitalist country despite being less stable , flexible and having higher levels of poverty ), 
  it is not an ally , it is a rich douchebag , you either pander to him or he starts bulling you , you are never equal , your interest do not matter . 
  post ww2 there is only america or `` evil '' . 
  what is the fn 's platform ? 
  is it significantly different than the golden dawn or ukip ? 
  phisical troops , yes . 
  further military , technological and strategical collaboration , i would like to be more of it , significantly more , because at this point in time we are just americas poorer and less buff roomate , we are far from equal and we have very different agendas underneath the `` freedom fighting agenda '' . 
  if they pull somthing now , it means war , a couple of tens of thousand american troops will no change that . 
  if they pull somthing in this alternate future it means war . 
  nothing changes , just the ilusion of american protection deos n't allow european countries to put off security as a strategic objective externalise to americans . 
  you do n't realised that it is a ilusion a simulacrum of governence . 
  you are told what you should think , you are not the one that comes up with the talking points , you are just a distribution method and when it comes to voting just another formality . 
  acuse me of not understanding democracy as much as you want , i do n't care , just look at what you are supporting not only against what you are fighting . 
  because at the end of the day they will win and they care as much about you as they care about me . 
  all politicians are the same , some are just smarter and more carefull . 
  but that is another issue . 
  if you think that all the people that voted for the ppe want a increase in eu autority without fixing the lack of direct representation , then be prepared for a for a unified front of eurosceptics and a backlacsh of national autorities that will dismantle the eu . 
  the difference between local assholes and supra national assholes , is we do n't have the option of not giving a fuck in regards to our local variety , and if you think the people will support another even more indiferent layer of politicials you are mistaken . 
  and i say this as a reasonably informed federalist , there are n't as many moderates in this centrist country , which i doubt to be some isolated bastion of euro scepticism . 
  you assume that if our politicians abused a system , they are the problem and not the system it 's self ? 
  these are not geniuses , the just exploited it , the same way all politicians do . 
  yes they could , but had no choice . 
  when 50 local parties gather votes for one party that is a serious advantage . 
  it 's not the fault of the people that they voted in a rigged system . 
  actually not , the dominance of s&d and ppe shows that all options are bold exercises in plurality but they have no real power . 
  and that is all on the eu again , and the rise in anti eu parties is based just on that . 
  ( of course the pandering extremiset leaders that existe them but if the system would e fair and real opotions would be avalable nobody would listen to them ) you seem to be deflecting out of ego . 
  the system does work , but so would a monarchy , you are putting efficiency above representativety . 
  and i think that is the wrong way to go . 
  yes i am , because romania is part of the eu and when it comes to eu matters if our broken shit interferes with the eu legitimacy , then the eu has a problem . 
  yes but those alliances can be abused . 
  people vote local parties not eu parties . 
  the ppe has 50 of these types of parties , that is an abuse and in no way confers ligitimacy . 
  and this time it is a purely eu issue . 
  is n't that a political decision your goverment made ? 
  he was the major representative of the ppe in romania , in this political climate you defend your representatives over actual principles . 
  where cheaper regarding the shield when it comes to visas , well that effects the average american directly , you need to suck some serious cock for that, 
  i fully support him , he is exacly what we need in our current dance with russia , and the less we use the americans in this process the better , i was just wondering what are his specific views on europes geopolitical place in the world . 
  that sounds oversimplistic , does he have a expressed agenda or it 's just his opinion ? 
  how about we lower expectations and what we deem as normal to a reasonable level , a lot of high growt rates is a symptom of unhealty industries . 
  he is a federalist , your argument sounds american , the issue of centralised vs decentralised is different over here , big goverment actually means over complicated national laws and bureacracies . 
  also because cameron is a eurosceptic.and in our curent zeitgeist people prefer to argue with the enemy that to actually look objectively at your representative and see that his rethoric is far from his actions . 
   less connection with us why ?
