  us companies have a lot of influence globaly not due to their managerial fortitude or competitivity but because the us is a military superpower . 
  a lot of third world contracts are signed with weak economies that are prayed on be us interests because the local governments expect that the us will defend them against its enemies ( the government 's enemies not the country 's ) to protect us interests . 
  any blow to us dominance would severely hamper that influence , and not protecting `` the free world '' against an authoritarian aggression would be crushing to the us 's moral standing , because the western world let the us abuse it 's position quite oftet under the understanding that if the worst scenario happens the us would intervene . 
  and the us just let them think that and collected benefits from it . 
  of course the us 's military budged does n't make any rational sense , but do n't be fooled into thinking it 's an accounting mistake . 
  it is a well thought out geopolitical strategy . 
  nato is just a remnant of the cold war , ( and provious self defence alliances , the model is at least 200 years old , and it borught us both world wars ) it is pointless , the us has only a theoretical reason to prioritize latvian integrity over that of south korea , and if put in a position to choose , they 'll send 1 platoon to latvia and say they 've done their job while movin the whole pacific fleet around the korean peninsula . 
  if russia or any other country threatens the geopolitical status quo they will intervene . 
  they are heavily reliant economically and politically on the role of global enforcer , and the only way to keep that position is to keep the peace . 
  i agree but the rate of american kiss-assery was ridiculous , and let 's not kid ourselfs nato is pointless , a simple formality , if the russians do get bored and decide to attack the us will intervene . 
  i think the americans saw turkey as the most stable autocracy in the region during the last 30 years and never considered changing their strategy . 
  i fear saudi arabia exponentially more than iran and russia combined , because money is a more powerfull weapon than ideology or a misguided goverment . 
  if you look objectivelly ( not trough a western media filter ) at how horible both the iranian or russian government is to its people and compare it to the saudy autocracy reacts to the smallest threat to it 's autority , you 'll see my point of view . 
  also iran is the only shia state , they know that at the smallest sign of aggression sunni armies will atack from all sides and split them up , backed by american might . 
  also look at pakistan , they are a islamic fascist state , but nobody criticizes them because they have nuclear weapons and a short fuse . 
  yes , it 's currently being build in romania and turkey , a few local contractors will be used , but the only resource required is a local military base . 
  i was saying in general that they are n't really useful due to the nature of modern conflict , i was n't complaining about the cost , as defensive measures go , they are quite cheap . 
  now , let 's see european comradery at work , who is going to be the first to lobby their government to share the burden , people were up in arms for their government to support ukraine when opposition was free . 
  moral self righteousness was bursting out of every social justice warrior this side of the dnieper . 
  now reality is starting to set it , and unfortunately the only one that gets to pay it are the ukrainian progresives . 
  this is how geopolitics works , and it 's only spring , `` winter is coming '' ... ( i am not suggesting england should pay for the gas bill so all you euro skeptics calm down , this is just a critique to the delusional idealism that a lot of / r/europe 's members spouted during the crisis . ), 
  the us options are stll the cheapest and most reliable by far due to the scaled economy and the fact that they are thy only ones that where war tested . 
  when you develop and produce 2000 units you end up with lower cost per unit than if you make 200 . 
  that is why we chooosed the f22 as a fighter and not the eurofighter . 
  i think the germans are only licensing the leopard , so basically you would get the same deal like with american tech . 
  missle shields are nice , you get to spend money to protect yourself from something that will never be used to attack you . 
  ukraine was strongly pro russian until 2004 . 
  russia would not have tolerated a nato member that close to it 's boarders , and i do n't think it will in the near future . 
  crimea is very important strategically for russia so even if ukraine would have joined most probably the crimean conflict would still occur . 
  this binary view of evil vs good is frightening . 
  every nation that ever existed though that it was doing good and it was righteous . 
  the whole `` the us is the protector of the free world '' is delusional and i have no patience or respect for it . 
   ... take care of their own defense ... ... while using us tech , because as i previously stated , you either have the latest technology or you 're better of training guerillas idealy the us would like to be licencing the technology ( less overhead ) but few countries have the budget for that so they end up having to offer `` low '' budged deals that are not really that interesting financially and have high overhead ( read as : withdraw logistical resources ) . 
  because that would limit american companies income when we are talking about military contracts it less of a strategic issue ( develop the technology and strengthen allies ) for americans and more of a economic one , while the reverse is true for ee nato members , the economic aspect ( lets modernise and prop up our own military industry if we are spending the money anyway ) takes second place to strategic issues ( if russia attacks only the us can stop them so lets kiss their ass , accept any terms and hope they give a fuck when shit hits the fan ), 
  actually the us is saying that , unless you invest heavily in the technology ( uk , norway ) you are allowed only to use it , any maintenance , training and logistics operations need to be performed by us companies and are never subsidized . 
  your stupidity is frightening . 
  i beg to differ , due to our current military status quo , its high tech or no tech so inevitably any expenditure that is worth a damn must be made trough the western military industrial complex . 
  i disagree , the only reason for joining nato is to not have big military expenses . 
  the whole notion of arms races are primitive in our modern zeitgeist . 
  russia could clean up the romanian army almost as easily as they could clean up the dutch army . 
  military utility and expenses are not scalable and unless you go dollar for dollar with the biggest competitor and keep up with research it is almost pointless and wasteful , unless you are a military contractor . 
  mandatory guerilla training for the population would be far less expensive and exponentially more useful in the case of a invasion . 
  but of course defensive measures are bad for national egos and nobody gets to play imperialistic moral games . 
  it should n't concern the eu , a society needs to grow culturally in a organic fashion , you can not force it to mature . 
  end even if you could , it is wrong for an external entity to enforce it 's views on a country regardless of how morally righteous they are . 
  you know very well our politicians pass amendments only fr black whole sectors like infrastructure and education ( thats where the goverment contracts are ) the church assets are valued at a couple of billion euros , while they receive about a hundred million per year ( including construction costs ) so really tax evasion and shade practices are more upsetting than the budget thing , although its not as easy of a news story to break . 
  so most journalist go for the easy polical corruption scandal . 
  regarding the political influence the church has , its innocent enough , look at russia , and do n't think for a moment our plebs are more worldly than theirs . 
  is it fundamentally the church 's fault that romanians still need divine guidance in the unsure waters of democracy . 
  is it the people 's fault for having a medieval civic behavior and lack of interest in the institutions that keeps them at an almost medieval level of development ? 
  i think the church should be more transparent and priests should be held to some earthly moral standards and judged accordingly . 
  but in this particular case most people are still at the level of not caring about the democratic process , i do not blame politicians for organising electoral feast or giving away buckets for votes , that is our level of democracy , and we have so many poor people that are so detached from the government that a good meal once every 2 years for a vote is a bargain . 
  the difference between a vote given to iliescu in '91 and a vote given to a mep today is that todays vote is cheap , it has no meaning , if has no hope attached , no ideals you are indifferent with the outcome because it does not affect you . 
  and it truly does not , before you raise your democracy banners and burn me as a heretic hear my out . 
  all parties will make shady deals , that is why they are running , that is why they are putting up with the media , the only difference is the money goes to different `` wise guys '' . 
  external factors that stop the abuses like protests , neutral journalism and the eu institutions are external , meaning they are no effected by votes, 
  i took a look at the budged allocated for this , i ca n't find it momentarily . 
  but it 's quite small . 
  and considering the large number of believers i think it 's very reasonable . 
  and they do not discriminate between cults . 
  my issue is that they do not have to publish their accounts but can participate in commerce and actually have a monopoly of religious artifacts . 
  and some `` voodoo '' practices could be perceived as abusive and predatory towards naive people that have more faith than common sense , but due to the religious nature of these activities they are overlooked by the authorities . 
  for what it 's worth romanians are phenomenally stupid and gullible , and giving autonomy to the church at this point in time would be tragical . 
  another issue is that religious political radicalism seems to be the most common reaction of societies when confronted with cultural post existentialism , and in this case a middle of the line state dependent orthodoxy is much better suited to deal with it when it occurs than seculars or common sense . 
   it 's very simple to stop seeing things in black and white no it 's not , proof ... my downvotes and all the social justice warriors that fester this theoretically moderate thread  sooner or later you need to choose a side , not really unless you want to be part of the conversation , and i choose the one that is n't team `` russia rapes babies ''  you need to choose which `` power '' you think has a greater chance of leading us to the future you think looks brighter . 
  here , on a very serious note , i completely disagree , humanity 's progress and eligntentment is unstoppable . 
  not only do we not need a `` power '' to guide us , but if we become to atatched to a certain `` power '' for the benefits of safety and security we end up rejecting the change in society . 
  religion , national monarchies , capitalism * are all product of society and they helped progress at that time but as society progressed their value was less apparent and their limiting effect more obvious . 
  * in this context capitalism refers to individual economic empowerment that came about in the late 19 century with high productivity increases , i 'm not referring to medieval trade and land exploitation or the ideological counterpoint to socialism during the 20th century . 
  actually its trolling western bias with reality hint , everything i said is perfectly valid , if you stop thinking in terms of black and white , think about the us as a mildly ruthless fascist corporatocracy that has the military power to literally fight the rest of the world . 
  you could present a counterargument one that looks at facts more than propaganda both the us and russia invaded 2 countries in recent history , russia left one in less than a year and in the second simulated a democratic process to gain power , none is currently in a perpetual state of war and instability . 
  trough modern history , during the cold war , the us destabilise any unfriendly government and financed abusive dictators while russia tried to pull up and finance socialist governments , which ca n't be argued that are much more gentle to the populace especially when they recieve foreign capital to prevent revolutions . 
  ca n't really see the retard part , probably because of my retardedness, 
   because we are just inherently anti-russian you are , people love a villain and russian autoritarianism makes for a perfect bullseye for social justice worriors . 
   the undemocratic gangster regime at power , which is mimicking a fascist regime more and more by the day i think russians are a better judge of how fascist their government is considering they do n't get all their information via the news . 
  in any case you are using a 21 century judgement for mid 20th century society . 
   because our interests in developing a democratic market economy would be the same . 
  so if nobody has a diferent ideology than you , you would n't have to fight anyone ? 
  yeah i think the russians feel the same way . 
   what the pro-putin people there say , it seems that they think that the west and nato are hell bent on the actual destruction of russia , just because it is russia , without considering if it might have something to do with the nature of russian government at the moment . 
  my feelings exactly when i see only anti russian rethortic on / r/europe no shades of grey whatsoever , no political empathy , only putin = devil  it 's also worrying that russians , who are just a bit national minded , seem to automatically throw their support behind the autocratic putin regime . 
  it 's as if what russia is conflates with putin , which is why they see our criticism of putin as a criticism of their country and nationality , making them extremely defensive . 
  what is the world coming to when good old fashion nationalist beliefs clouds peoples judgement  that russia turns completely democratic they will , when the cultural and economical conditions will be right worring about it wo n't move the process any faster  so we can finally put the cold war behind us ... anc concentrate on the war on terrorism and extremism ... the media , the internet people in general need a bogey man , you need to point the finger at something that is clearly bad so you feel like you 're `` on the right side of history '' , it is basic tribalism at a world stage  the russians seem more concerned with restoring their national pride ( in their own eyes , they are sullying their reputation in the eyes of the world ) than free press , free elections and limiting corruption . 
  ... any contry that has a significant part of the electorate over 50 prioritises national pride and stability over freedom and uncertainty , judgement is less harsh when dealing with wealthy country . 
   because a strong , rich , democratic and friendly russia is in everyone 's best interest . 
  except the americans  the world would be a lot safer my fear is geared more toward a uncontested us or china than a grumpy old russia , ideology changes in less than a generation , economical systems rarely do , the us needs it 's military to feed it 's economy , they need enemies to survive , the day they ca n't find any , will be the day they become the enemy . 
  we get it , russia = evil ; can we stop the bitching now history is n't a guide for anything , because the present is a direct consequence of it . 
  they recently changed it to romanian, 
   autonomy on ethnic principles is unacceptable . 
  no , nobody said it , it is only implied , treat them as romanians , ban etnic political parties and stop dangling the promise of getting their own region . 
  udmr is a political leach , we all know it . 
  they did n't defend shit . 
  they only used their privileged electorate to secure parliamentary seets and leverage them for their own goals . 
  if they really wanted to , they could have leveraged autonomy years ago . 
  but they know that autonomy would end their 25 year reign as kings of the magyars . 
  either make them compete with other ethnic parties or ban ethnic parties . 
   romania is an exemplary state regarding minority rights , and the romanian people are one of the most tolerant in all europe . 
  i know i live here , that is why udmr 's complaints piss me off . 
  and this balancing act is ridicoulous and counterproductive . 
  no it is n't only germany banned neo nazi 's because of scared mainstream thinkers like you .
