  if you want to life on welfare you do it here , this is a good tip to you lazy westerns , you come here pay an employer to work your books for 3 months . 
  you get a doctor to say your sick and ca n't work anymore , free medical pension , everything is easier with corruption . 
  but seriously , no immigrant wants your benefits , the want jobs that is the whole reason they come to you country to work for a decent wage , if minimum wage would be enough they would n't have gone trough all of that trouble . 
  if you want less waste , check all of the people , by sheer numbers i guarantee that you waste more on welfare and social services on frauds of your own nationality than on immigrants , i just saw a documentary about some london mobster that makes a fortune on identity fraud . 
  the gipsies that / u/cyborg _ selkie mentioned are criminals , their nationality is irrelevant , if there is a weakness in the system it will be exploited . 
  the spotlight is made on the crackes so you do n't see the holes , seriously . 
  i find it interesting that european identity is the rug under witch a left wing politician is hiding frances economic problems . 
  while national autonomy is maintained by the german camp that knows it 's going to end up paying for the unified `` identity '' . 
  i think so , but i would check for a bike beforehand , if you want to buy . 
  these are just my opinions , this is what i personally would try . 
  but for a first tour of 7 to 10 days i would rent . 
  maybe from a english company ( no language barrier and have good renting companies ) . 
  if you really want to buy , the temporary registration and insurance will get you trough the tour and let you move around till you get settled . 
  ( try buying from germany , they have a developed second hand market and lots of enthusiasts ) . 
  i do not think a us driving licence is limiting in most countrys but give a call or email to your local embasies or consulates beforehand just to be sure . 
  wellcome and best of luck . 
  ( you 'll love austrian roads for weekend getaways anyway ), 
  so the reason we rejected monsanto seeds is to be under a european companies seed monopoly , that 's very patriotic of us . 
  more than my own goverment , but in general no , i feel that the sistem is built in such a way that the `` ruling class '' governs without any obligation or interest in what the people actually want . 
  also acces to that `` ruling class '' is by-passed through the national party systems , witch is n't really full of honor students . 
  i think voting for exclusively european parties would be beneficial change to the system and to the public , at this point i feel like most people think about the eu as foreign entity over witch you do n't have any power but are obligated to obey . 
  i missed that , but to my ignorant eyes khmer and thai letters are very similar , so i still ca n't tell exactly , considering the bike , thailand , if not it got to be cambodia , in witch case i have got to go there and learn the difference . 
  i was mislead by the koreean caracters and the name of the restaurant , but i guess some proud north koreean opened up a restaurant further south , i find this quite fascinating , bravo sir , last guess based on the cow that is doing the work ( giveaway ) and the house on stilts ( biggest giveaway ) , it 's the philippines . 
  yeah , it kinda gives it away , never would have guessed dprk , the pics are so ... tropical , any chance of a ama ? 
  well if its not europe , it 's easier , vietnam or myanmar, 
  i feel you , bro . 
  so its the adriatic in the first one ? 
  maybe montenegro , but the lack of american infrastructure makes me say ... albania ? 
  shot in the dark , slovakia ? 
  ok , warm climate , i 'm tempted to say portugal but spain is flatter , so spain, 
  the azores , so portugal ? 
  italy, 
  racism aside , why is this a bad thing ? 
  i understand the american republicans problem with racial heterogeneity , but why is racial diversity a problem here ? 
  ( assuming that the immigrants are well integrated ), 
  i second that , populist social democrats are quite common , while socialist are fewer than nationalist for example, 
  any religion can be interpreted to give stupid people a reason to hate `` the other guys '' , what am i saying is that we do n't need a religion to hate `` others '' see soccer fans ( just kidding , a better example are cults ) . 
  just because islam is passing trough a weird period in history where it 's used for xenophobic propaganda ( yes they are racist to ) doesn `` t give you the right to cherry-pick facts and make generalisations . 
  i use racism , because europe is n't insensitive to other religions , it 's insensitive to other races . 
  not only do we assume every arab is a practicing muslim , we assume every muslim 's life goal is to destroy western civilisation ( directly or indirectly ) . 
  this is why the media is both oversensitive and racist at ** the same time ** , do an experiment and replace everytime you hear or read the word `` muslim '' with `` brown guy '' , see how rarely religion is even relevant to the story . 
  but to make racist pay attention , you need a discriminator to make it obvious , its a `` we vs them '' scenario , but you ca n't use color , education or nationality , the liberals would nail you to a cross , so you go with religion , liberals hate fundamentalism , conservatives hate people that are different , everybody watches your `` gossip '' about muslims . 
  i would like to start by saying that i am amased of how tolerant israel ( 1/4 of israelis apparently do n't mind the bombing and terrorism ) and india are of islam , it 's like they do n't know how dangerous their neighbors are :  76 percent of israelis , 60 percent of spaniards , 50 percent of the swiss and 42 percent of us citizens . 
  in contrast , in india , only 30 percent see islam as a threat it 's a sensitive subject so i will do my best to offend everybody equally . 
  firstly for you racists ( if you would n't have a problem with your daughter/sister marring a black/gipsy guy , skip to the next paragraph ) : if you say `` islam is ... '' then you are condemning 1 billion people , and that is wrong , nobody is judging you as an arian for what hitler did , or you as a present day italian for what catholics did in the medieval ages , so i ask you to please keep your racism in check , yes it is racism , we all are n't as multicultural as we give ourselves credit . 
  secondly , muslim immigrants are a problem , mainly because they are uneducated , culturally insensible and in general put more emphasis on their religion that the morals of the host country . 
  they do not integrate in a western community very well , because they are culturally inflexible . 
  they do not get to enforce they 're religion in another country , you are a human being , you beliefs are your own , you adapt yourself and those beliefs to society , society should not accommodate you or your beliefs . 
  divergent opinions should be discussed because ignorance and hate ca n't be suppressed , they need to be heard and accepted as they are . 
  that is n't fair the ajka accident was a one time thing, 
  that never stopped the romans , the huns , the mongols , the turks , the austrians or the russians you just have to put more effort in it , like germany is doing today ( joke !, 
  ) , although i see your point i to would prefer the warm breeze of ceylon to the eastern continental winds of the east, 
  i would say usa = america is carelessness , even i make that mistake frequently out of neglect in a heated argument ( i apologize to canadians i do n't mean it , also mexicans if there are any on / r/europe ) but i find the uk/england thing as less obvious . 
  we have a lot of them , and right trough the midlle of our country ( it 's a great excuse for the lack of highways ), 
  i heard of the tyne from some poem and the humber bridge but only in passing , while the severn is apparently the longest , and it forms the bristol channel ( southern wales ) . 
  til 3 english rivers , not bad, 
  it 's an adjective that refers to something near or related to the river danube i just realised that the thames is the only river in the british islands that i know of . 
  i guess rivers are easily overlooked, 
  i 'm okay with that , better highways , better seaside , closer to greece and the mediterranean sea , warmer average temperatures , although i would miss our mountains, 
  first off : the army ? 
  the un ? 
  why would you ask that ? 
  secondly : the church is on the decline and i am happy that we are sceptical of the media and very sceptical of the banking system thirdly : trust in political parties is very low but once they obtain a administrative position the trust jups up, 
  we should take back his atheist membership , just wtf ? 
  is anybody taking him seriously ? 
  he 's perfect , in true european political tradition , he probably wo n't cause any trouble or ruffle any feathers either, 
  maybe because paying for large scale military interventions into a foreign country is n't that popular to europeans, 
  in that case i apologise , and i agree that immigration is not a race concern but all political discorse is sensationalized and immigration in general takes to directions : 1 . they take our jobs ( which is is fair if you have a lot of unqualified workers on unemployment ) 2 . they come and steal , kill and rape white people ( and this discourse is targeted in northern countries at muslim people more that in southern countries ), 
  that implies at least serbia and greece and can maybe include turkey, 
  i was just making a joke , related to the problem of imigration and it 's racist undertones . 
  nice to hear at least someone is concentrating on a real problem, 
  true , i was only trying to find a umbrella term for the romanian-bulgarian brotherhood , since we kinda end up together every where in the last 6 years , kinda like the last kids in class , but each one is worst at some things than the other , so you ca n't really differentiate them . 
  the problem with that is to not mistakenly include the chech republic , slovakia or even poland in that umbrella term, 
  it 's like you 've seen into my soul , you 're welcome, 
  yes it 's the same , but donau is upstream we 're it 's clean and nice . 
  but i do n't have to tell you what it means to live downstream of someone better . 
  i can see it ... retro nubian federation ... cool, 
  well technically you could call us balcanic but romania isn '' t in the peninsula , saying romania is slavic is wrong and just shows ignorance . 
  other adjectives are eastern-european , or communist if you really want to show the hate . 
  i personally prefer danubian because it 's different and groups hungary romania bulgaria in a different category from the former yugoslav states and the former ussr states . 
  well considering swedens social programs not really, 
  well at least we 're christian , not your kind of christian but still not muslim , oh and also we 're white not like those southerners . 
  ( russian accent pls ) romanian girls are a lot beutifull and like party . 
  a democratic process is to accept and willingly follow the decision of the majority , to be obligated to submit to the will of the majority is n't democratic , especially if that decision is taken at a political level with no direct input of the will of the people . 
  furthermore the context in which you elected your representatives is stupid , there are no policy debates , you simply elect some local politician that is unelectable internally , once in parliament he votes blindly without any feedback from his electorate , there is a more direct link between people and policies in the us then in europe , also every one seems to suport the people 's party regardless , but this may be a romanian thing . 
  western europeans , do you have a difficult time , in general , differentiating between north and south danubian people or is this just a common ignorance thing , like england = uk ? 
  retards do n't make mistakes , stupid people do, 
  firstly concerning ne vs se debate there is a cultural component created by economic climate over a long period of time . 
  early on because of a favorable climate and trade opportunities the south had a developmental advantage to the north . 
  however a relatively unspecialised economy , new trade routes to the western indies and a geological potential , rich in coal and iron will fuel the development of the nord to record heights , then the modern era of travel and easy trade , a couple of wars and dictatorships patched up the southern economises so the gap is less noticeable , but at its core , i do n't think the gdp structure of southern stated is a healthy one , luxury items , construction , subsidised agriculture and tourism are not stable sources of income . 
  ( especially tourism why ... oh ... why , i cringe when i hear my government investing in promotional campaigns rather than infrastructure , but that 's maybe just me . ), 
  now to my second point est vs west , your country 's matured culturally in the last 100 years ( debatable about ' 14 - '18 and ' 39 - ' 45 ) but in general , now all i want to say is : here in the east we missed almost 50 years of development . 
  we are recovering from half of a century of intellectual repression , economical mismanagement , cultural starvation and social uniformisation . 
  anyone relevant from an intellectual , economical and cultural point of view was eliminated , everyone you see , hear or encounter from my country grew up either in a factory or was an informant , so please continental brothers do n't judge us for what history has given us , wait another 25 years and then measure out progress , because we all are products of historical luck and past generations . 
  is it remarkable considering our long history of invasive imperialism and nationalist uprisings . 
  i personally think a centralise invasive federation does not work anywhere with a cultural diversity ( see usa federal vs state lawmaking ) people simply do n't like foreigners making their laws , even common sense laws . 
  no , - the opinion part is : was it moral or not to nationalize private land , to introduce it in private use for the benefit of people and the general economy - the invalid argument is : a national head of state took land from my organisation ( foreign , not the church of romania , but the church of greece ) 200 years ago and also my organisation refused payment at that time but you now have to pay me forever for anything i want without explanation , literally there are 16 000 churches in romania more than macdonald in the whole of europe and in 90 % of cities over 30 000 inhabitants i guarantee there is at least one church presently under construction . 
  i actually do n't see why you would ( well if romania became a second saudi arabia maybe ) , and as the cultural gap decreases it 's easier and easier , for the new generations , to adapt and make roots as a expat ( thank you globalisation ), 
  calm down you little greeko-turkish hibrid , we do n't need to fight , - you know very well that the eu does n't trust you on civil rights ( bogus reason but it still stands ) and you have low enough salaries that no amount of eu subsidies could make our agriculture competitive enough - integration of non christian imigrants is a real problem in the eu , racism exists on both sides - i really do not mean to offend muslims , in this coomment , but this is the truth , public opinion is against more muslim immigrants , and pragmatically i do not see a non racist reason for turkey not to be in the eu - romanian immigrants are the downside of a up and coming romanian middle class that buys french spanish or greek agricultural products , while having a subsistence agriculture that fails to integrate eu development funds in it, 
  if you life in the same country as i do you will understand that maybe when we will be gone , any half minded progressives go to civilized countries , the cultural averages drops year by year , real education is nonexistent , so i 'm sorry my fellow countryman if i do not share your optimism,
