  so if a nazi would have been stabbed concern would be invalid because he was a `` bad man '' ? 
   had to defend themselves . 
  with a knife ? 
  is it a witch hunt if they are members of the witch party ? 
  now to understand my point of view , i am disgusted by liberal circle jerking , but this white power shit , plummets conservative and right wing credibility into the ground, 
  i found it entertaining nonetheless , thank you for the post, 
  the innocent and persecuted nazis stabbed the gay activist in self defence  ), 
  privately runned routes , with local administration and overview . 
  this is however not as great as it sounds , because a lot of routes are awarded to only one company so competition is severely limited . 
  no , i find it questionable to vote without understanding eu politics . 
  but citizenship is a fair arbitrary barrier to vote . 
   / r/askwomen is n't all of feminism at all . 
  of course they are n't , but most of their progressive rhetoric is heavily influenced by feminism no , society tells you a size 3 women is n't commercially exploitable and ca n't be a model . 
  feminism however overreacts and get offended that i am not attracted to someone that has more than 25 % body fat . 
  it 's not about fat shaming it 's about attraction , i have no choice in the matter and it can not be bullied into me with political corectness . 
  feminism is not special in this case . 
  most currents of taught are neutered by this phenomenon . 
  popular authors sell 2 or 3 books , they get notoriety and gain speaking requests , the money flows in and the former professor ends up earning exponentially more than he did last year . 
  after that they shift their rhetoric from a pragmatic and progressive stance to just recycled rethoric , that is directed only at their audiences , especially the hard core militants ( they tend to spend the most money ) . 
  best example righard dawkings , his early works are scientifically relevant , and precise , his later works and speaches are anti religious bullshit , good for a laugh but still more boring than a stand up routine . 
  is it helpfull for gay people to extend feminism to gay rights , not really , i find it offensive , and when you have to play ball with conservatives it 's downright counterproductive . 
  does it give another reason to publish a new book about how similar the struggles of gays are to women during the 18th century , yes it does . 
  is it relevant to anyone other than the authors bank accounts and her hardcore readers ? 
  no , romanians love the us , most lived under the cold war faux dichotomy . 
  coca cola = freedom i do n't like them , do n't take it personally , i love modern history and dislike bullies . 
  i do n't recall if it was relationships or askwomen but a guy posted about a girl that cheated on him twice with 2 different people and she argued she felt bad saying no , and to my utter disbelief the comments supported her and cried rape . 
  and i found it horrible that the simple notion that she has issues in setting boundaries got me labeled as a rape apologist , cause that 's what happens when you do n't jump on the r word bandwagon . 
  no , the message is fat is sexy , jenifer lawerence is fat , marlyn monroe was fat and so on , it is delusional and only creates disappointment and self esteem issues when the girls find out that in the real world fat is n't sexy for the majority of men . 
  exactly , banding up under the umbrella term of feminism is counterproductive alienating and is only useful to increase book revenues for specialty authors . 
  not negesaraly , i heard variables like if the woman was emotionally vulnerable or the woman could not properly turn down the man because she felt bad rejecting him no , they intent to attack superficial standards that are n't voluntary , and do n't give a fuck about how it perpetuates the body image issue among young feminist bystandards and others are dominated by women , we as a society still discriminate based on gender and opt for careers based on what we have in our pants , but imposing quotas and setting different performance milestones based on genders only reinforces gender stereotypes for future generations . 
  generally accepted ( by rational people ) , again you prefer to keep it as a woman issue rather than join the secularist and protest religious interventionism . 
  that trade balance with the eu would take a huge hit and i guarantee that a lot of those foreign markets where opened leveraging the whole of the eu market not only germany . 
  also i forgot to tackle the hypocrisy in your previous coment  then germany would no longer be able to follow the policies that have made the country successful and germany would decline too . 
  the country simply ca n't afford that . 
  why do you instantly assume the decision would negesaraly impact germany in a negative way ? 
  most of the eu trusts the germans currently , why not share the sentiment when it comes to other leaders ? 
  judge their decisions when the time comes , do n't reject them just because they are foreign, 
  * redefining rape to a ever increasing vague term , diminishing the role of female responsibility and agency when it comes to sex * artificially generating new standards of beauty and perpetuating a women 's value in terms of sexual attractiveness * 60 % of college graduates are women * abortion bans are generally accepted as primitive, 
   the eu periphery is a dead weight really ? 
  cause from what i understand growth was more constant in the periphery , as far as i know we import more from germany than we export and the decline is due to economic contraction compared with foreign markets , its still a important income source . 
  i believe most third wavers value attention and faux battles than actual progress . 
  i see how activism became militantism . 
  and no militant will ever have popular support respectively achieve change . 
  you invented lobbies , your government contracts keep whole sectors alive, 
  that is retarded , the only reason the eu exists is to prop up the german and french economy , their internal markets can not keep their companies competitive on a global scale without a larger `` european '' internal market, 
  facebook bought up a competitor , actually the market leader of a growing segment . 
  it was cheap for what it was . 
  yes because energy companies have a risk averse board of directors and most energy projects are limited by politics and macroeconomics in scope and development . 
  at best you need to play the long game , but risk increses significantly over the span of 5 years . 
  it is more rational to spend 1 bilion on a governmental lobby for fracking than to invest 1 bilion in a environmentally friendly fracking liquid , after which you could not even get approval because politicians do n't like your company . 
  no , they make the fiscal argument that they spend billions because its a spending black hole , for tax purposes . 
  but in practice no board of directors would agree to it unless the have the political muscle to milk it for all it 's worth . 
   the models they use today required billions of r&d no they do not , no company in the world would have the balls to invest a ludicrous amount in a technology that might be unsustainable , illegal or profitable only after decades . 
  that is bullshit for people that do n't understand just you fragile a business budget is . 
   in addition , you should know that our friends to the east are actively trying to suppress the proper information about fracking , because it would totally derail their economic system . 
  ad hominem argument meant to suppress credibility of anti fracking arguments . 
  i can do that to , is n't it funny how his documentaries have a severe anti liberal spin on them . 
  i would say he is mining the shit out of conservative gullibility , but i 'll take a look at his work before passing judgement . 
  as for russia of course they have interests , but nobody is arguing they 're innocent , i do n't see the us promoting documentaries that strike against its political interests either . 
  anyway my concerns on the issue do n't take second place to `` the big red fear '' , by that logic lets just renounce national autonomies and crown a right wing corporate puppet king of nato and live in a anti russian plutarchy . 
  all of them are using the chevron technology and haliburton equipment . 
  us and canadian environmental laws are made after the fact , or modified to not endanger corporate interests . 
  they do not invest millions in research only in development , they develop a theoretical model ( or just take one from academia that has no outstanding patents on it ) , test its real world viability , then use it in the real world ; polishing the political wheels as needed . 
  in fact the most expensive part of development is getting it pass governmental scrutiny . 
  ask any small pharmaceutical company , is the research expensive or the bureaucracy . 
  fracking as a technique is over 50 years old , the development was only limited by the amount of political power they could manipulate . 
  as corruption increases , riskier and riskier techniques will become more acceptable . 
  how do you think your grandparents would have reacted , or the media for that matter if gas leaks in residential areas where this common , former governments would have not only penalise the corporation responsible but would have set a example and milked it for political capital . 
  i can not speak for all romanians . 
  in general the side that has the better pr gainst popular support . 
  i am against it because the technique is protected by patent laws . 
  essentially only one company has the right to provide the service across the whole world , this strikes against all my free market conviction . 
  they mean the same thing , the positive version is more ironic and more common inside the us , but the negative version is more logical so i 'll fix it [ 1:21 ] on the subject ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/video/2010/may/20/language-usa ), 
   note you could still very well argue that many of those doing the trafficking in the streets are desperate people and in many cases forced to do it and i would agree with you , organised crime is a business , those who get the profits are those who should get the prosecution . 
  the rest are simply people that happen to be involved in a counter economic sector . 
  we live in a era between reason and emotion , and our emotions still get the best of us . 
  and law makers and by no stretch of the imagination `` the best of us '' . 
  the nordic laws view women as products that need protection , and like primitive drug law or poaching laws take a judgemental aproach to law making , you are a bad for buying heroin , because of people like you african elephants go extinct . 
  which is acceptable especially when you come from a swedish point of view that most people engage in antisocial behavior because of their environment . 
  the issue is that they are patching simtoms instead of solving the issus like potugal did with drugs . 
  i agree , i just think your generalisation puts the societal `` they got what they deserve '' vail over all of them unfairly, 
  how about doing his job and stoping a trust from being formed , like his job description would suggest . 
  nobody cares that they are empty , they only care that they are unbuyable at the price they 've been built, 
  the excess is human nature . 
  i disagree , people that deal with the money of millions should be paid milions . 
  particulary a ceo has no responsibility to the pensioners but to his shareholders . 
  it is not they 're fault for the system to allow them to risk other peoples money and not face consequences . 
  it 's like blaming the teachers that children are stupid , and neglecting the system that dictates how they should teach . 
  the difference between a guard dog and a guard is n't made by what they guard but by the oportunity cost and the sacrifice they make with doing their job properly . 
  the same thing is valid when dealing with a salemen or the director of yahoo . 
  one position can be filled by anyone and incompetence has limited effects , the other is so complex any candidate is underqualified and incompetence has deep consequences . 
  now that is from a theoretical perspective , in practice even administrative boards have monkey brains and their decisions are mostly driven by loss aversion . 
  limit power and you stop corruption . 
  if no man has significant power over any other man then there is no corruption . 
  the power of a law is only apparently linked to its coercive properties . 
  the true power rests in the fear of lawlessnes and individual vulnerability that acompanies it . 
  we are raised to think that law define justice and then we are suprised by tha lawless nature of the men that create those laws . 
  currently we have laws to protect individuals , people in general and the state . 
  the first 2 cases can be judged by ordinary people and you would achieve the same level of justice that you have now . 
  you do not require overly excessive power and a moderate level of force is needed to enforce them .
