  it 's human nature , prison maybe , but i doubt there are clean politicians in our part of the world , a few are stupid enough to get filmed confessing but that is another story and hardly justifies the death sentence . 
  both , traditionally the magyars , but they are spiced by rmdsz 's political disloyalty . 
  but they are the most brainwashed part of romania by the nationalist comunist rethoric . 
  the way i see it even the most disadvantageous split , 5 regions ( now the minimum option is 6 ) , gives the magyars more political power , more funding and a chance to break their current isolationism . 
  i really do n't see the practical downside , compared to the limbo they are now . 
  as primitive as the acusation that we 're changing our constitution just to fuck with them 2 . the romanian govermend does n't give a fuck period . 
  magyars are treated with equal political indiference as the rest of us . 
  and they de facto had autonomy , the most blatant corruption cases are from that part of the country , mostly because bucarest rarelly intervened before 2005-2008 . 
  also along the last 20 years bilingualism became widely used even in regions that do n't have a significant magyar minority . 
  transylvania was never yours like hungary was never austrian , or bosnia serbian , it has a different etnical composition , the only reason we have our current etnic problem is that the communists invented a magyar theoretically autonomous region as per [ the soviet recipe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_delimitation_in_the_soviet_union ) . 
  in the rest of transilvania magyars and romanians live and work side by side without any hate . 
  `` both hungarians and romanians sound ridiculous when they say the other side started it . '', 
  i 'm not talking about traditional conflict that is bullshit , but the modern status quo and that has a guilty party . 
  rmdsz has complete political control at the local level and has been in the opposition only for 4 years out of 22 years of democratic government , but has done nothing for the region , and to compensate and still get the support has gone on tirade after tirade of anti romanian rhetoric , to mask their indifference and/or incompetence ( although they have profited greatly financially as individuals so i ca n't really prove the incompetence part ) . 
  they are the ones that amplified the situation and the only ones that actually benefit from the conflict 5 . everytime there is a political stalemate and rmdsz 's stable 7 % could be decisive , `` a automy option '' is dangled in front of the magyar electorate ( discretely so romanians do n't even notice ) . 
  rmdsz chooses the side that proposed it , its leaders get rich because of back door deals . 
  then the solution disapears , but rmdsz still supports the goverment because they got paid , at election time rmdsz goes to its electorate and cries `` they cheated us '' , the electorate increases its anger toward romanian politicians . 
  romanians hate the influence rmdsz has on the political balance , and because of this you have indirect hate between romanians and magyars despite not even meting each other . 
  ( bucharestians hate them way more than transylvanians ) 6 . actually having an autonomous region would be catastrophic for rmdsz , they would have actual political competition , and with fiscal independence they would actually have to do something more than ask for more ethnically correct national policies . 
  you still have n't mentioned why you think the opposition leaders in you country deserve jail time . 
  i agree , i have no right to speculate , and i sincerly hope you are right . 
   however , once again , you 're speculating opposesrs of the government will be imprisoned no , i just asked for your insight on that one , you are overly defensive and did n't answer my question why would you , 100courics would like to see those politicans specifically in jail ? 
   redistricting entire regions of the country just to dissect the power of ethnic minorities . 
  if your worried about nationalist policies , start with protesting that . 
  1 . they do n't have any power now , so the actually do n't loose nothing 2 . the main purpose of the redistricting is n't to piss of the magyars , nobody really gives a fuck about them 3 . 
  i agree the talks are disregarding the wishes of that etnic minority and that could look like nationalistic , but the hatred they manifested for over 20 years generated this . 
  you do n't use nationalistic anti romanian speach for that long and expected to be greated with flowers and autonomy when the subject occurs . 
  4 . and because of that the common sense solution ( my prefered option ) of making a region for the magyars is disregarded and only used as political bait for the rmdsz and its supporters . 
  sorry for the `` stefan '' and `` magyar '' i do n't know the rules to hungarian-english translations . 
  i to thank you . 
  it has been quite fun . 
  i fond that the young are by their nature reactionary and trapped in a confimation bias routine that only amplifies their misguided belief . 
  but i blame the lack of random encounters in our modern world for that one . 
  everyone is part of a `` church '' that is the social norm , and when you encounter someone that is not of your church you 'll rhetoric will have the backing of `` tribal '' knowledge . 
  i do not believe class conflict ( not negeserally in the economic sense ) can have a positive effect . 
  irl the losers always resent the winners and that fuels counterrevolutions . 
  and the winners rarely change more than labels . 
  society does not progress by laws or rights , be them as righteous as individual freedom or equality . 
  only acceptance and assimilation of those principles by society as a whole can be counted as actual ( irreversible ) progress . 
  yes , on a individual level , when confronted by ignorance , you should not be apologetic if his labels mean more than core objective human values . 
  but as a society using ration and objectivity to increase gaps is most unproductive and falls under the sin of failing to see the forest , the progress of society for the trees , labels , one 's own ignorance and pride . 
  educating an ignorant man , or even cracking his bias with a tough provoking conversation is much more valuable and effective than pummeling his ignorance into the grown for the sake of ones ego . 
  i personally like eminovici 's work , the only romanian clasicist that i feel is actually talented and not only talented enough to be a romanian elite . 
  we teach the drab stuff because we need to maintain the illusion that he was a romantic , that romanian culture was in line with world heritage . 
  we even turned the sad `` last of the romantics '' as a title , a kind of `` the greatest '' . 
  it 's also way easier to teach vulgar romanticism that german philosophy to kids ( socilalist style education ) i think the socialist created the spoon feed model , by restricting alternative sources and making ( state ) education a universal policy . 
  the rise of `` alternate history '' is reactionary to that policy , and exacerbation of historic importance is a way to compensate for our drab present and and objectively reactionary history . 
  while not letting go of our nationalistic ego , the communists over inflated . 
  i do n't find dialogue helpful , the age difference and the defensive nature of people when you 're touching on their `` support '' beliefs , makes them irrational and contrarian . 
  you may find my aproach to complacent but i see it as the only actually productive ( pragmatic in a `` ends justify the means '' type of way ) option , i reach out toward their intrinsic humanism , i do not care if someone worships shiva or zamolxe , we either meet half way using humanist rational or not . 
  people are extremely creative when motivated and nothing motivates them more than not being on a moral grounding . 
  so i let them rationalize their way out of stupid beliefs , rather than dragging them out kicking and screaming . 
  and with the history aspect , our generation writes the next history and literature school programs , let them enjoy a naive death . 
  < populism is a political doctrine where one sides with `` the people '' against `` the elite '' .  i.e. 
  the reason bread prices are so high is that the govemenrs play 400 fat asses . 
  200 idiots are more dangerous that 400 , from a political standpoint i do not doubt for a second the popularity of fidesz , but does n't the one round voting system help the ruling party stay in power , especially in fucked up democracies like our where there the influence of the opposition is ridicoulsly weak . ( i.e. 
  mass media and the justice system seems blind to those in in power ) . 
  also you do n't rig election , if you have popular support you only make it more diffult for the other guys to challenge you . 
   opposers of the goverment will be accused of lack of patriotism and silenced if fidesz wins another round of election , but by a smaller margin ( which currently i do not doubt they will ) they wo n't remain as passive . 
   none of the leftist activist or politicians have been imprisoned ( to the despair of many hungarians ) . 
  why ? 
  have they done serious crimes , or where they just corrupt and indifferent to the people , in which case i assure you that all politicians are guilty of that , but the media spotlight is just directed by the people in power . 
  i do not care if orban is awarded the crown of king stefan , and proclaimed king for life , it 's your country . 
  i however do n't want a nationalistic government as a neighbor , considering the bilateral tensions that still haunt the more stupid of our populous . 
  and during his last mandate , probably because of a lack in support , he increased his nationalistic rhetoric and the fascist grip on power ( constitutional changes ) and this, 
  this is bullshit , without a organic growt capital injections will only increase corruption and income disparity . 
  neither russia or the eu should intervene in this case imo . 
  but this is debatable because nobody has time anymore for organic growth , everyone wants everything immediately if not sooner . 
  but from that keynesian argument to `` give russia free trade zone '' to help the ukrainians this guy pulled some wild mental gymnastics . 
   if you 're a culture pessimist , why not go out of the way for the people who do have the energy to try ? 
  being a optimist does n't change the fact that eco tech is still financially unviable . 
  solar has the smallest return rate and is the most expensive option to reach energy autonomy.unless you have vast surfaces of unused terrain like spain or algeria stop with that fantasy . 
  your best bet would be wind or wave . 
  no , this is a eu matter , you do n't have the money to call it an internal policy . 
  i normally would agree , but in this particular case , the parallel is really accurate , you 're asking for money to invest in modernizing your energy market despite it being a process to expensive for other countries to implement or the fact that you have macroeconomic issues more pressing to attend to . 
   bleakness of communist housing the aestetic issue was not the problem with communist housing . 
  what conditions does someone need to fulfill to become eligible ? 
  less seats means less vulnerabilities for the ruling party , the argument 4oo mouths costs more than 200 is primitive and populist . 
  1 major corruption case spends more than the government spends on all parliament in in all of its mandate . 
  how ? 
  if there is no second round , and only 3 major parties ? 
  you basically lowered the bar from 50 % to 33 % for fidesz to stay in power . 
  look after the election of to how many people actually voted for them and rethink my `` rape '' metaphor . 
  you suffer from seeing history trough a theoretical filter , the `` it ca n't happen to me , the present is more civil than that '' . 
  authoritarianism rarely happens over night , it is a gradual process that solidifies it 's absolute authority . 
  at first they direct hate only to foreigners but as their interest become separated from their electorate they move that hate against their own people , and people have blind faith in autority , they will not react at the first abusive measure , nor the second . 
  opposers of the goverment will be accused of lack of patriotism and silenced , congratulations the government has become the party , and your not invited to the banquet , your only needed to work the kitchen . 
  but maybe i 'm to much into this and hungary will grow into the sweden of the east , and all of fidesz 's reforms are for the better of the nation . 
  how can poor people afford living there ? 
  is n't property prohibitively expensive ? 
  there are n't countries without a `` drug problem '' , except for totalitarian countries , that apply systemic solutions to life in general . 
  my solutions where systemic ( tweaks to the system , not more money , more police as in the war on drugs ) , they solve the issue not by the number of cases prosecuted , but by making the behavior unattractive to a rational individual . 
  there will probably be a lot of cases in the first 2 months , but then they would be fewer and fewer as time goes on , after 5 years a traditional system would prosecute many more cases , while under my `` theoretical system '' traditional bribery would cease to exist . 
  i say traditional because some people will be inventive , naked negotiations or bribery by proxy could become the new methods . 
  then you again create a framework to make that behavior unattractive and so on , until the basic act of accepting a bribe is counterbalanced by the social stigma of accepting it ( sweden ) . 
  literacy does n't trasfer into culture or virtue , if you censor anything that is `` antiproletarian '' . 
  i was just pointing out that religion is a simptom of the cultural void in eastern european cultures , but apparently the dam of / r/romania broke and angst spilled over in this tread , quite encouraging , the old are hopeless and the young are just plain stupid . 
  oh , cool , sorry for the rant , i understood you want reform based on the idealisation of ancestors , which is quite a popular cognitive masturbation , national ego combined with the rejection of modernity , quite powerfull , you keep the parts you like and pretend the stuff you did n't like are a mistake or never happened . 
  objectively , we are no special snowflake , your suggesting we look inwards to invent a romanian wheel out of nationalistic pride while the rest of the world developed sistematic agriculture . 
  we fundamentally are n't romanians , that is a label imposed on us by nations much more powerfull than us to separate their selfs from us .
