  that is nice of you , but you do understand that there is no practical difference between killing a russian or a iraqi . 
  ideology stops mattering when you run from cover to cover trying to not get shot . 
  are your businesses prepared to make the same sacrifice ? 
  higher costs , means higher prices lower revenues and profits . 
  russian patriotism is his life insurance . 
  in case you did n't notice , that is what i am making them do , 
  i wonder if italians agree with your perspective , i pay a lot for gas and i would n't personally , but we at least produce gas so we would actually benefit . 
  i think people have done worst trough history and faced no consequences , i think that your idealism is cut off from practical reality . 
  no i did n't , they still have a choice , russia is far from a fascist state , those soldiers are believe in what they are doing . 
  just because we see it as wrong does n't mean they do as well . 
  would you ( the reddit sjw ) die to prevent that from happening ? 
  so he did n't have a wide lens , did n't use a filter and did n't really direct the time lapse as good as he could , but the music was still awesome . 
  god this is why i hate european politicians :  `` typical centre-left politician of her generation , '' so does anyone have some insight on her more relevant than `` she hates racism '' ? 
  am i the only one that was so proud he felt like the music was urging him on to scream : this . 
  trans-sylvania !, 
  seriously great music , wtf was that ? 
  fair point, 
  i took it as the blood screening process is n't homophobic, 
  both your best goverment measures are things the do n't do . 
  and drilling for it . 
   i like our king and queen . 
  their position is much more ceremonial , but i just like them . 
  they act much more like common folks than other or previous king and queens . 
  like , at last winter 's olympics they just ride their bikes from and to the stadia . 
  i like that . 
  so basically you like them because they are famous but not arrogant . 
  no , full romanian , i just do n't want `` good enough '' to be a standard of discussion in this thread . 
  most eu ministers in western countries are good enough , i want to hear great initiatives , revolutionary thinking ( i know it 's rare in europe but those small examples should be known and praised across the continent ), 
  maybe because you where sarcastic . 
  some people have no sense of humor when discussing `` serious issues '', 
  was he loved previously by the people ? 
  ( i like to wear tin foil hats so i do n't really believe in coincidences . ), 
  well that is the minimum they can do after all , so they can do more of the same in the next mandate . 
  yeah , i would argue that the best part of my goverment is that is ' t so inefective that we are virtually a libertarian utopia . 
  ( beside the high tax rates ), 
  do you live in venice ? 
  yes , i agree you have a great flavor of liberalism over there . 
  why do you think that is , do you learn in school what makes you different or that is just how you where raised ? 
  what is particularly good about education or healthcare ? 
  ( compared to another western country like germany for example , because i do n't doubt you have better systems than us ) ? 
  what 's great about having a king ? 
  reacting to agresion also validates it as a tactic . 
  having a escalated global conflict is much worse for business . 
  ukraine was only theoretically a natural space , in reality is was always russia 's back yard . 
  actually our passivity is because it is the optimal course of actions for business . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i would raise the treath level and try to get them kicked out of the un , i would heavily escalate things militaraly and i would take up permanent strategic residence in afganistan , india and japan . 
  i would create a diplomatic consensus that any military activits in georgia , finland , japan , the baltic states or moldova , would result in a imediate declaration of war between nato ( with the apoval of most of the un , maybe even china ) and russia . 
  the easiest way to kill a mad man would be to give him a loaded gun and let him chose to use it . 
  russia is about as strong miliaraly as germany . 
  the real issue is that this would be a balanced war , and nobody likes the realities of a war where you need to beat your opponent into submission . 
  these are very costly and immensely pointless . 
  actually i would . 
  i would have let germany and russia kill one another with all the lives that that would require ( probably mine to given my nationality ) and then take out the winner . 
  maybe warsaw , i hear it 's flat and ideal for tank fights . 
  i know that one . 
  hindsight does give you a perfect vision . 
  beside moral idealism , why would we ? 
  i am very serious . 
  when engaging in global diplomacy idealism is just a premise to gain support for a much more pragmatical purpose . 
  it 's not just the economy . 
  that can be solved by laws and capital esentially . 
  it 's the culture , the way people interact with one another the political climate and so many more . 
   kazakhstan has always been traditionally closer to tribal worldview and closeness to a concept of a family . 
  we all where like that  a particular form or stage of civilization , as that of a certain nation or period : greek culture . 
  [ the third meaning ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/culture ) is what i am refering to by culture , the axis i mentioned is along the lines of traditionalist vs post modernism . 
  culture is the only barrier to enter the eu imo . 
  the state of the society , they way things are done is what harms integration , all the other issues can be adjusted within a generation . 
  but culture takes at best one or two generations at worst centuries ( nordic vs mediterranean , protestant vs catholic ) . 
  this is fundamentally the issue with large continental political formations ( india , the us , russia or the eu )  you say kazakhstan might be better off than china in that regards . 
  i am saying kazakhstan is more easy to integrate than china would be culturally . 
  yes , social media is a great equaliser , but the generation is also bread into local culture . 
  teoretically , there is no cultural differences between a post modern gen y representative from peru or one from tunisia . 
  but the focus their idealism in different areas , have different issues to struggle against and as a consequence grow up to be very different adults . 
   but again , that would n't mean progress or superiority , that just means there are no democratic institutions in a given country . 
  i do n't think western modernism is superior , i think it is a stage of evolution a stage we have not reach yet and kazakhstan has needs even more time to arrive . 
  you can copy laws word by word , but if the culture differs you will have different results i.e. 
  democratic institutions not working . 
   because we have a president that 's been in power for 23 years that must be horribly frustrating  i just think we do n't have democracy . 
  i assume you know better than my , but i think you do have a democracy , there are just to many people that are fine with it not working properly . 
  there are to many people that think a broken democracy is enough of a step in the right direction compared to a comunist occupation that they do n't care that `` it could be better '', 
  dubai has that ten fold , but they are still medieaval . 
  you can not buy or focrce culture , it literally requires generations of people to die out so that new ways of thinking and living can become the norm . 
  literally the only thing relevant to progrsing your culture is :  we 're pumping money to education the rest is just show and lights , stop taking offence , i life in a country divided between modernity and conservatism , i do n't say all this from a chavinistic point of view . 
  culturally inferior from the american point of view . 
  i am sure you have better traditional and colective values that the west has . 
  we are talking about a certain progresion , towards individualism , towards liberalism and towards a `` american capitalist consumer society '' . 
  on that axis i am sure kazakhstan is even better of than china , and vietnam is better than romania ( heck i think vietnam is even better than spain or portugal in some sense ) . 
  so from that perspective i say you are inferior and you are , and so are we , there are simply to many people used to `` the old ways of doing things '' for that to not be the case . 
  you have no idea how hard it is to catch up . 
  it 's more than likely that you will not see serious systemic reforms during your lifetime . 
  sorry , we get a vote too . 
  belarusian guy : come to the dark side . 
  ukrainian : get out of here commie , you 'll ger sociallism all over my suit rusia : i will have all of it . 
  you can not resist . 
  the kazakhi : ( thinking ) please ... kill ... me ... eu : ( thinking ) ohhh ... men !, 
  please no , lets build closer ties to the eu if we really have to , but this is just short term propaganda with long term possible effects . 
  trade numbers are marginal , small shock , the us , a increase in asia and africa can easaly cover it . 
  the energy deficit for the civilian market will be the biggest shock . 
  subsidies can only go so far .
