more transparancy will do nothing , it 's like fixing a rusty pipe with scotch tape . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_external_debt not even close , they just have really bad structural issues ( tourism is not a stable industry ) . 
  most national banks and sane economists do that , but it 's like preaching abstinence to sex addicts . 
  i am not planning on living of my pension . 
  most pensioners do blame them , but the alternative would have been to become insolvent as a country and break the state . 
  no , but including this in a trade agreement puts the goverment at risk of defaulting on the whole agreement . 
  it 's the equivalant of `` selling your sould to the imf '' for rich countries . 
  and integrated economies need that trade once they have it their budget depends on it , so you rarely give them a choice : poverty or revolution . 
   i personally think the international tribunal is more fair for both parties , but if there is so much push back it is not required . 
  the thing is that justice and morality diverge massively in practice at that level . 
  as you said , you can basically financially enslave a whole future generation legally . 
  but when it comes down to it you need to toss that law aside and look at the big picture . 
  society only exists to ensure the prosperity of people , if it fails at that it is not only useless it becomes harmfull . 
  the policy of the goverment does not implicitly make it honorable whether it be capitalist or full on utopically communist , power will be abused . 
  sometimes you can just bribe the whole country . 
  othertimes just the military is sufficient . 
  in the context of the eu , but as a newly born african economy i will take money and stability over government anytime . 
  you do n't need resources : look at the asian tigers . 
  strong institutions are not a factor , they are a consequence of a stable culture and geopolitical environment , the same traits that offer the stability required for strong economies also create strong political traditions , it is correlation and not causation . 
  ( aldough a lot of statists and liberals decry taht there would be no economic exchanges without the state , we 've been doing trade for a lot longer than we had states ) but nonthesless . 
  fundamentally you need oportunity and capital and you can turn the dessert into dubai . 
  yes , i was joking , but from a libertarian point of view some african republics are economic heavens on earth . 
  there is immense opportunity , accesible and very effective capital and a lot of profits to be made . 
  then again so is every war since napoleon if you knew the right people . 
  my main point is numbers are meaningless , they are great for rapports and powerpoints but ultimetly they are just a number open to your subjective interpretation . 
  unemployement is effect that a lot more factors than economic health . 
  lower the minimum wage or wage costs ( to the level of the us ) and you solved the issues almost over night and your numbers could look even better than the us . 
  growth again , occurs when you have opportunity meeting capital to make profits . 
  in the `` celtic '' countries ( sans parts of france ) there is saturation , the only real oportunities are in incresing efficiency and productivity ( which comes with layoffs ) . 
  in the latin eurozone you have a natural diversity but a lack of excess capital ( subsidies credit excluded ) and the oportunities ( mostly in restructuring and specialisation ) are expesive as fuck and again would come with a lot of layoffs and deconstruction of ineffective sectors . 
  in the wild east , you have imense potential and a trickle of capital , you just do n't have the potential for profits internally , which is discouraging . 
   when it comes to something like the size of the economy , i think there is a bit less room for argument . 
  i agree , therefor the winner should be the economy with the biggest growth because that shows just how valuable , dinamic and elastic that gdp is . 
  ... and the winner with 24 % groth is south sudan . 
  i know , but i would argue that at least when it comes to wealth distribution and organic health ( western ) europe is better off than the us . 
  also if you argue gdp and take into account that a highly centralised model like china has more bang ( and more control ) for each buck that a homogeneous free economy like the us or europe then i would argue china is the better economy . 
  define `` economy '', 
  my issue is , how can citizens of a small country like romania defend themselves from a conspiracy between european politicians and major bankers . 
  for better of worse , our government was quite effective in limiting banking abuses compared to other countries where everyone was to drunk on cheap credit to say no to bankers . 
  goverment only works if it is honest and works for the people , and the more powerful it is the more private interests tent to try and usually manage to coerce it into working for them . 
   it seems gm is taking acting more like ford as of late learn to read pr , ) . 
  saving regular citizens is cheaper , so i can understand the logic behind that . 
  trasparancy is not the issue . 
  that is a ideologists perpective , economics is not politics , just by making things more visable you do n't automaticaly get to fix them . 
  all the people involved are way smarter than us , that is why they make the big money . 
  they all knew . 
  making it more ptransparent will solve nothing . 
  the issue comes from the way of doing business , risky illegal shit is required to maintain ridiculously high revenues . 
  consequences are rare and surmountable . 
  the uk adopted basel 3 in 2013 . 
  the rest of the eu are in line to adopt it until 2017 . 
  but again , that is not our issue , our pipes have other weak spots . 
  the us is not only living of of debt but has funded a war industry of of debt . 
  you ca n't blame grecce for just doing what everyone is . 
  again , you have the perspective that goverment actually does things instead of just striving to keep the system together . 
  politicians are really dumb , but luckily they have a lot of power so they can make up patches on the fly . 
  in the 90s our prime minister financed the budget with the combined savings of a generation of romanians . 
  since then we are paying for others , hoping that someone will pay for us when our time comes . 
  3 years ago , hungary nationalised private pensions because the temptation was to great . 
  people will do whatever they think they can get away with . 
  the issue with the ttip is the isds , which would fuck up a small stupid government in conflict with a large ( very protected ) corporation . 
  what regulations are you arguing we do n't have ? 
  again , if both get time off you are basically discouraging employers from hiring parents or promoting them . 
  a 50 % chance if better than the certainty . 
  yes i am horibly bias in regards to expecting women to adapt to the system and compete like men . 
  you 're right , the current direction of bending the rules so women get just as much as men ( making all parents costly employees ) without any extra effort ( actually making a choice and focusing either on family or work ) is definitely the right way to go . 
   why do you think they dont want to join russia 's `` gang '' ? 
  because russia is poorer . 
  protectionism as in internally . 
  gm does n't really compete internally and that shows in how ineffective and outdated they are when consumer liquidity drops . 
  compare that with ford that competes in every market like it 's their only one and you understand why ford is the only real car company and why the rest are just a private jobs program . 
   i hardly see how the us is at fault well , you know how in a room of degenerate the only one that gets blamed is the one that gets the first boner , kinda like that . 
  if you think the greeks are to blame for their systemic problem then you got to blame the us to . 
  if you are like me , and consider that this is how modern economies need to work to be sustainable politically and socially and being safe and cautious is mad talk in a world of growth junkies then neither greece or the us is to blame , like a drug addict you need the next shot to make it trough the day , there is no real choice in the matter . 
  the same goes for cheap money , risky ventures or unbalanced budgets you just do what you need so the shit does n't crash while you 're in office . 
  well i think that the eus regulations are way more harsh than what the us has , not that regulations actually matter when the bottom line of goverments depends on bankers engaging in malicious activities . 
  our issues are productivity and local government irresponsibility . 
  because since the 7 year war geopolitics is reduced to prison politics , you are either in a gang or a potential victim . 
  it is fair , not generous , but nato does n't exist to protect other countries foreign interest , it legitimises us agression and in return the rest of the members get to be in the biggest baddest gang this side of the world wars . 
  when france gives me a real and strategically sane reason for fighting isis i would retract my blind comment . 
  my point was that us protectionism is a massive interantional competitive edge to their transnational interests compared with what european corporations get . 
  i think that point was made by the marshall plan , but to be fair the us started the meltdown , free trillions was the least they could get . 
  because macroeconomically if europe fails and goes up in a huge smoking pile of debt , the illusion of checks and balances breaks and everything crashes down . 
  you think this was a big reset ? 
  we lost 8 years and 4 of stagnation , if the ( imf ) system where to fall . 
  the us becomes insolvent , european contries refuse payment or china stops growing and giving out money , we will reset 60-70 years , a generation will be needed just to plug the leak and when there is no more prosperity solidarity and international friendship are the last issues on the publics mind . 
  only france and england but realistically their imperialism is more delusional than practical . 
   so why not have a unified eu army and withdraw from nato ? 
  seems win-win . 
  if the us could be trusted to not go all texas ranger on the world , that would be excelent . 
   except if you look at voting records , european members are just as pro-intervention . 
  they just dont like contributing . 
  there is no vote , there is more plurality in the un security council than nato , nato is just a velvet glove for us interests . 
   so it would likely be a force for doing nothing and if something needed to be done the uk and france would ask for us assistance . 
  still more sensible than just following the us blindly . 
  things are like this : if you want the us helping your foreign interests you put up half the budget and half of the ground troops . 
  because unlike the us , our goverments do n't get a blank check for military interventions and just sign it : for terrorism and miscellaneous . 
   germany 's economy is far larger than michigan 's , and the german government owns a large financial stake in vw . 
  it not only has the financial ability to bail out vw but the argument can easily be made that the financial stake in the company on its face is government support , because it is . 
  you jumped my point , the idea is that the eu would never agree to bail out a company on a continental scale .
