  they are a roving band of war criminals that delight in chopping innocent people 's heads off . 
  goverment does not need to be civil . 
  ( saudi arabia or even the us if we consider guantanamo style bases )  the countries in the region are asking usa for help . 
  so is literally every country that is not at war with the us . 
   you say perpetual war , but afghanistan would n't have had a war if they were n't harboring bin laden and letting him and his associates use the country for a base for hiding and training as honored guests . 
  do you hear what you are saying : a enemy of your country is n't instantly extradited , so that is reason for you to invade that country . 
  that is a level of arrogance only a imperialist country has over it 's subordinates . 
  furthermore is the us goverment responsible for everything that the people within it 's borders do ? 
  ( i sure hope not because that would be very totalitarian )  you just see usa involved in something and automatically they are the evil imperialists ? 
  no , i see the trend of us foreign policy for the last 200 years and call it imperialist . 
  you have never been neutral . 
   what did you think was going to happen after 9-11 ? 
  considering it was the us , a military solution was pretty obvious , i am suprised by the restraint following the boston attack , but chechenia is already invaded by the russians . 
  oh we lose people in car accidents too , no big deal ? 
  actually it is a big deal , you just make cars safer instead of banning them . 
  overreaction is only done when there are strategic benefits . 
   i 'm not going to defend iraq . 
  i actually understand strategically iraq , keeping it together with a puppet government , was however retarded , but offending turkey was just a price to big to pay . 
  afganistan was part of that bigger picture of keeping an eye on pakistan and iran . 
  strategically it was smart , the execution was tipical american bluntness . 
  i get that , from the un , but when it 's basically a us unilateral policy , i ca n't back that up . 
  and hearing your retarded claims that osama was there therefor you should invade , make me feel scared for germany or the uk , which reportedly have a lot of terrorist cells . 
  so why did n't the us invade frankfurt ? 
   it is n't imperialistic to be the only country that is strong enough to fight back with overwhelming force to defend allies . 
  yes it is , that is the main reason both world wars started , a huge country going to war to defend it 's vasal . 
   usa has no interest in taking land . 
  taking land is overrated , a puppet goverment and some temporary troops are sufficient , you just give state contracts to rebuild and sell some military hardware and you get all the benefits without the hardship . 
  britain never actually invaded china , you do n't need the land when you can take the economy . 
  but again , most middle eastern conflicts are strategical , masive nation wide conflicts would basically shut down saudi oil and that would be very bad for the world economy . 
  bad world economy , angry people , agry people make for hard to manipulate voters : as you will see when the russian issue turns into a energy issue . 
  we did support a uprising in what was a crucial post cold war `` neutral zone '' . 
  morally it was the right thing to do ( kinda , the new goverment does have some fascist tendecies ) , historically it 's a made up country , again a consequence or arbitrary borders drawn by non natives . 
  strategically it was a huge fuck you to putin which was already on shaky terms with his electorate : the radical nationalists . 
  lets say the state of new york goes independent , and after 20 years a huge communist revolutions swells up and china embraces and guarantees for their portection . 
  would the us have been as calm as russia ? 
  i doubt it , they would have invalidated the second wall street turned into a open conflict , under the arguent of `` peace keeping '' . 
  history is very easy when you only look at one side of the issue , when you know for a fact that your camp was always in the right . 
  but the truth is the good does not triumf , it the loosers just never really get a chance to tell their half of the story . 
   as though they were in trenches or something last week some ukrainians have been . 
  i find it equally ridiculous that the country that has been in perpetual war for most of it 's existence very few of which have actually been within it 's borders , is in charge of `` peace keeping '' . 
  that was not an armed conflict , and you loose more people every year do to [ civilan shootings . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_violence_in_the_united_states ) so it 's not about lives , but lets argue lives . 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/september_11_attacks  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_pro-russian_unrest_in_ukraine 3550  3000 , and this one is ongoing . 
  not to mention that you made all arabs pay for those 3000 lives exponentially more . 
  because that is how imperialists deal with disrespect , they terrorise the whole region , so that nobody dares attack them again . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_afghanistan_ ( 2001 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war do you think that this generation that was raised in fear will look kindly at america ? 
  your actions of reveenge created thousands of bin laden 's . 
  it 's not about the lives , it 's not even about peace , it 's about dominace and hegemony and you need the fear , you need the military hegemony because you can only exploit your own people a limited amount . 
   what exactly is usa supposed to do with isis ? 
  the countries in the region want the usa to go in there . 
  nothing . 
  i would actually agnoledge the state of levant and get them to sign the eu human rights charta . 
  if they play the game of democracy like the rest of us they have a right to sit at the diplomatic table . 
  if they do n't you isolate them . 
   they are muslims that are attacking muslims . 
  exactly , that is why it 's imperialistic , would you allow a russian intervention in a us civil war ? 
  the medias mean target audience is 35 + , barely educated , about the same as politicians . 
  imigrants and ebola is what scares people into paying more attention than they are worth . 
  and when you run 24 hours of news , you need a lot of scary for it to be worth that much attention . 
  funny how the ministry of defense is in charge of offensive military hardware . 
  very orwellianly ironic . 
  yeah , if you have a gun , you use it , if you use it you get into situations where you need a bigger gun and so on . 
  we need to stop using our guns and pay for a exclusively defensive policy . 
  if there would be a armed civil war in ireland and france would peacify the region guaranteeing a winner , shortening the conflict duration and maybe even casualties , how would the loosing half of the coutnry feel ? 
  would the winner have trully won ? 
  is peace at gun point really peace ? 
  you drank a lot of ` merica juice - if mexico and canada where nuclear powers with a decent army ( nothing crazy like the us ) you would think more defensively , but that is the issue with americans , no us soldier was killed on your homeland by an enemy in way over 200 years . 
  ( no , the colony of hawaii does not count ) you do not know death , you know war as a chess game with the world , your people being spectators not participants , that is the mark of a imperialist , they can dish it out but never really had to take it . 
  you think the levant or africa is unreasonable and uncivilised , with your egos and nationalism most red necks would sign up for a patriotic jihad after the first week of muslim lead `` peace keeping '' . 
  it took 3oo years of imperialism and 100 years of `` peace keeping '' to radicalise these people , and most still like you . 
  kinda for the most part , some racists hate mosques and some muslims hate pop music and short skirts , but we get along on average . 
  i like you america , but i am also scared of the people that have the authority to use your military . 
  short wars ? 
  or perpetual wars ? 
  new wars like old wars are about influece , wars are created by rulers to have gains , you can not have gains if you destroy indiscriminetly . 
  wars are less ego and more propaganda . 
   helping the 50 % unemployed youth find dignified jobs i think a lot of adults would like some of those , and they payed more taxes than the youth . 
   nobod will ever convince me to spend a broken dime for the army the tax man will  people who retire after 10 years with astronomical pensions and not contributing anything to society . 
  they are however very skilled , hard working and dedicated , unlike `` youth '' that just asks for `` dignified jobs '' , without actually having anything to contribute to society . 
   resources are spent on defence as a deterrent to war . 
  any potential enemy must be made aware that either a ) it 's a terrible idea to attack because they have no chance of winning , or b ) even if they could win , it will come at such a cost that it might even be a pyrrhic victory [ 1 ] . 
  define deterent ? 
  because if you compare the equipent used be the west it is mostly offensive , regular people do n't even do military service , while the sectarians only really fight each other , because they are to underpowered , this has been the case for almost all of history , the big guys have offensive weapons and peacefy the `` foreign threats '' . 
  nobody supports a invasion per se , but give them a moral reason and people will support it . 
  also as a fiy , a guerilla defense is very cheap to set up , organise and run ( beside the swiss and fins i do n't think any other country trains it 's people defensively ) , a militaristic build up however only defends to current goverment , not the people that finance it . 
  most cases where small countries got invaded , they lost the war ( army got crushed , goverment got deposed ) , the only countries that survived , survived by grass roots opposition . 
  most military leaders accept war to be expensive , but when occupation becomes more expensive than the war it 's self then you start to rethink your strategy . 
  i agree , the only good war way the first world war . 
  that shook of the idealism of how honorable it is to die for your leaders and bankrupt almost all of the imperialistic powers . 
  the side effect is that almost all major conflict since then was either a direct consequence of it or a indirect one trough self determination struggles or the cold war chess game . 
  is the balkan issue solved ? 
  both of those conflcits and the middle east was created by imperialistic border preserve in a age of self determination . 
  self determination cooled down the balcans . 
  interventionism to preserve imperialistic borders however only increase the tensions in the middle east or central africa . 
  goverments do not have arbitrary authority , and without authority you can not have rule of law . 
  intervieing on the side of such a goverment that is only legitimate because they happen to be the guys in charge undermines the wishes of the people . 
  further more , as long as north koreea exists , no imperialistic argument along the lines : it 's for the good of the locals , has any moral validity . 
  i get it , it 's chinas pet project , and china unlike guerillas is actually scary , but the concern stops at that . 
  not to mention that israel has a national policy of etnic discrimination , while most of our gulf allies are fundamentally islamic states . 
  morality is just a pretext and apretty racist and imperialistic one at that , the interest and resoning is strategic , it always has been and will probably always will be .
