  and when i said history of extremism i meant that from noveber 17 to golden dawn you covered all your ideological basis . 
  we to study mathematics but instead of studying historical world heritage texts we learn exclusively romanian literature ( witch only spans about 150 years , but whatever ) , thanks nationalist propaganda educational system . 
  yeah the first pig death squeal really pulls your heart strings , i was about eight or nine , and the hair was n't even all the way burned when my grandma told me about santa . 
  that was one intense chrismas . 
  tourist ( but i do n't consider that to be a relevant experience ) and a few greek colleagues ( students ) . 
  i appreciate that you 're aware of your country 's problems , most greeks are allergic to self criticism and deflect direct criticism . 
  i do n't want to sound arrogant , we have much bigger problems but like the italians and spaniards we admit them and try to fix them , i do n't really see this happening in greece , because there will always be someone else to blame . 
  the reserved aspect can be explained by the psychological pressure that the communist intelligence services put on 2-3 generations of romanians and the germanic-protestant culture could explain their lack of interest in discussing controversial subjects ( a german said once that talking about religion or politics is the easiest way to not make friends ) but all these theories break down when you see how reserved are italians when it the subject verges on social or political controversy ( not the north vs south kind ) , witch is the more surprising when after a few glasses of wine you feel like a marriage counselor . 
  most of my countrymen are in general reserved when it comes to philosophical/religious/political debates ; at best they support a popular opinion or the general consensus . 
  i found this to be the case with older germans , austrians , southern italians , but not the greeks or serbs and people of bucharest . 
  it 's that personality trait that makes you feel entitled to have a opinion on most subjects and not be afraid/ashamed to speak out . 
  i understand if this may not be a quality for some people but you ca n't have reasonable debates ( that can change your or your counterparts opinion ) with passive closed up people . 
  there are about 2 cities and 2 different castles that are `` dracula 's castle '' . 
  try to be more specific . 
  so the bad parts first : - you have a tax evasion problem - you have relied on toursism as a stable income source for to many years - you have a history of extremist politics - you have a increasingly aggravated drug problem - your police force is the most overpowered this side of the atlantic i honestly do n't resent greece , but you have a lot of structural problems that you do n't seem to want to adress . 
  now the good parts : - i love your cuisine , seriously your food is the most refined in the whole balkan-turkish-slavic part of europe - you have a indignant national pride and sense of self , and makes for great philosophical debates , do you learn philosophy instead of math in school ? 
  - you have some beautiful genetics , seriously , after ukrainian women greeks are right after in the gene pool ( if any women thinks this sentence was sexist ; shut up !, 
  you know you fantasises about a tall , dark , green eye , greek lover ), 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_romania ), 
  if you get the aussies in , i 'm totally for a romaristralian union but our eagle is much more [ shiny ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/70/coat_of_arms_of_romania.svg ), 
  thank you , westerners are cool to , it 's just they are less used to speak up for themselfs , we also grew up with a lot of things to bitch about so i guess that helped . 
  ps i apologize for my grammar, 
  i ca n't find the eu recommendations on the subject but but based on those , our national veterinary association states that all pigs have to be shot by a special type of bullet , while he is sedated . 
  witch seems to me really a lot of overkill ( no pun intended ) . 
  granted the new regulation does state that before the pig is cut the vet sends some meat to the lab to check for trichinosisso there are good parts . 
  no guns here , communists really found that them inconvenient , the most deadly everyday weapon is a rubber bullet revolver . 
  but hunting rifles can still be found in some well off rural estates . 
  it 's illegal now to stab it , they have to call a vet for the killing part . 
  so apparently it is to vulgar for our european legislators . 
  on the torture side i think the horse racing industry is much more brutal in it 's practices . 
  also from a artificial moral high ground industrial chicken growers have little to no interest in the animals well being , much more than the bull growers in spain . 
  the gore part was for people that do n't like to see guts and skinned heads, 
  [ kinda like this 1.7 on the gore scale ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azynueelx_4 ) but it 's more than that , it 's kinda like thanksgiving . 
  since a whole pig is impractical its generally bought by 2-4 families , and it 's a good opportunity for families to meet before christmas and eat , and drink , and eat . 
  going to the grocery store does n't have that same sense of special occasion . 
  i probably remember it fondly because it always happened right after school ended for the year , but that community slaughtering and the traditional pickleling that happened before in october/november are real traditions , they had a certainty to them , it reassured you that time goes on but some things are constant . 
  the most constant tradition i have is going to the mall after a holiday and watching a pixar movie . 
  i think it 's more of a tourist attraction rather then a culturally relevant tradition . 
  i personally like communal pig slaughtering , which is our '' `` national barberism '' and am kinda sad it 's going away because of all the negativity animal activists put on the subject . 
  the way i see it it 's not a european issue . 
  when and if the local community will get tired of it , it 's their job to eventually ban it , or switch to robot bulls . 
  i do n't think moldova is under the same risk as ukraine . 
  also , our production only covers 3/4 of our consumption , and as the energy marked is opened up , this coverage will only decrease . 
  i personally see it as a strictly political gesture , with no solid strategy behind it . 
  but maybe i 'm wrong and we will become a energy exporter over the years and as a favor for our neighbors we 'll sell them gas at cost , and maybe they will decide to stop caring about the russian army living in their country and accept our help . 
  considering the large number of russian and economic disparity i do n't think federalism can be avoided, 
  the day we will produce and sell gas at a lower price than the russians will be the day the russians invade us . 
  but it 's a cute political gesture , expensive and useless but cute . 
  rain fall is a local phenomenon with limited ecological effect in this particular case ( the area is pretty small ) . 
  i used the carbon theory as an example of a large sale ecological issues . 
  i do n't know the numbers , but if this is the case , ecological lobbyist should raise the issue with the locals and demand from the government a better clause be introduced . 
  again it 's not the company 's fault that we have incompetent politicians . 
  2 different things : 1 . 
  long term ecological strategies are not settled at a national level , climate change wo n't be solved by national decisions , lets say the whole of europe has the carbon footprint of luxembourg , it would just give the other countries excuses to pollute more . 
  also , this is not a relevant environmental issue like , for example : if we could tax the us and chinese industries to such an extent that we would post pone global warming by 200 years , but most likely due to the new cost of industry the global economy would at best stagnate for 20 years . 
  now that would be an environmental policy , and as you can see it goes way above our national authority . 
  within international regulations , national government has to look for the best interest of its people , and sometimes this implies environmental policies much stricter than the international ones like in the case of denmark or the netherlands . 
  but in our case , deciding to be eco friendly , to take the high road is detrimental to those people , and we do n't have the right to force them to accept our decision and not have a chance to prosper . 
  again , i do not think this is a good project , and i do not think it will end well , i am just arguing that i do not have the moral right to decide for them . 
  accidents happen , that is what insurance is for . 
  the contracts clauses have to have provisions for that unfortunate event also . 
  but i do not see this as a good enough reason to oppose a theoretically good project . 
  at best i think it 's an argument that the community should take into account when deciding . 
  when there are a large enough number of employees , with large enough salaries , their income can support enough local businesses so they reach a long term stability , see all industrial centers built in the last 30 years in western countries ( post reagan era ) . 
  if the community is to small or salaries are at best average the community ca n't reach a stabile level , and you get a collapsed community ; sites like : otelul rosu or anina , south african gold mines , or amazonian bauxite mines . 
  the success lies in the conditions that the state demands from the investor . 
  fair point in citing the romanian academy , but considering they 're as objective as the average blogger and as less competent on economical subjects than a tabloid journalist i have my doubts . 
  i will argue that there is n't an industrial mining project on the planet that lasted less than 8-10 years , reason being it is so expensive that any low yielding mining project would not start if it would be a long lasting project . 
  and the myth is that this is one of europe 's biggest deposit so it will definitely take a while . 
   i 'm not saying that tourism is a very good solution for the region 's long-term development , but neither is this one . 
  and i am saying there is n't one better , and when you tell a poor community well we thing it 's better for you to not have this big investor start one of the biggest mining projects in europe in your back garden because it 's unhealthy , it 's just pretentious and selfish . 
   the high ecological risks associated with the project , the much too small disaster guarantees offered by the company or the too small profit made by the romanian state compared to other such projects in the world . 
  i totally agree , but it is in no way the fault of the company that our officials have no strategy and no interest in solving complex issues in an environmentally sustainable way . 
   i do n't think this should be an argument . 
  ecology issues need to be addressed on a higher level . 
  maybe local communities would cut away all of romania 's forests for some quick money if they were allowed . 
  that does n't mean they should be . 
  here , we have a problem ( more of a philosophical disagreement ) , i agree some important restrictions and guidelines should be set by the national authorities but they should be subverted if it is in the interest of the local community . 
  it is a text book case of ineffective governance to dictate that people not chop up the forest surrounding their city because somebody in bucharest says it 's not sustainable . 
  nobody in harghita will give a fuck , because all the local community depends on the money they get from deforestation . 
  of course you could tax wood exports , but you would just make the community poorer . 
  you could increase controls , but that would just lead to an increase in corruption . 
  or you could simply say to the local authority ( and people ) : `` it 's your forest , if you do n't guard it you wo n't have it tomorrow and do n't expect the government to pay for a new one . '', 
  from forests to hotels and irrigation systems , this whole centralised ownership idea has only proven that locals do n't care about what the state owns , but they do care about what they own . 
  yes this regional responsibility system has is problems to , but in has the ability to be flexible , in communities where there really is n't any other source of income you give the ability to supervise and tax the exploitation to the local authority , this increases revenue and reduces the present rate of cutting . 
  in communities where there are other economical sources of income , a local authority may decide to enforce restrictions on deforestation and even implement reforestation as a public service policy . 
  well your theory is posible but it leaves the executives vulnerable to the stock owners . 
  i think it will be more along the lines of [ bre-x ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bre-x ) . 
   which would be a pity in my opinion - there will be some local jobs , but only for a few years , and the locals wo n't become much more wealthy ; the area , however , will never be the same . 
  a gold mining operation last for more than 10 years and this is a big mining operation ... now if the contract states that refinement will be done locally , that will require a lot of workers , witch with sufficiently high salaries can boost up a local economy that will develop into a self sufficient community long after the gold is finished ( salaries are key here ) . 
  all modern mining is dangerous , we contemplate about how beautiful the environment is but we ca n't afford to make nature a priority . 
  that beauty like our agricultural potential needs a lot of entrepreneurial activity to actually flourish into a profitable economical sector . 
  at present we only have eco tourism witch is a pretentious way of saying `` tourism with little or no investment '' . 
  all eco tourism is subsistent , and tourism as an industry is unreliable at best . 
  we brag about how untouched our country is , but we spend our money on `` touched '' vacation spots in other countries . 
  now on the enviromental side of the argument , protesting foreign investments is stupid and political . 
  it promotes a spirited fight the man , fight globalisation message , but it keeps us poor and isolated , witch is bad . 
  if you actually want to do something and create change do it the right way ; pressure local politicians , support environmental legislation that works ; non of that bullshit pollution tax and tax exempted solar paneling ; preach to the locals not to city collage students that already support your narrow opinion . 
  i personally am against this project because i am certain it will be done ** wrong ** . 
  but there is a local referendum result and the people that live there want it , so despite my fears ( of political incompetence not cyanide ) it should be done .
