  they have their own local interests that has nothing to do with keeping iraq afloat . 
  as a romanian yes it makes a great deal of sense because we lived in the shadow of empires for all of our history . 
  and when you ca n't evolve as a country due to external interested you kinda get pissed of at those external interests . 
  i find the outrage that iraq may fall disgusting . 
  it 's an artificial construct like most european empires durring the eigtheen century . 
  where the nationalist revolutions of 1848 justified ? 
  then let arabs have their self determination . 
  but you ca n't , can you , because that increases sectarianism and without a strong presence there is a very good chance israel , another european administrative invention would fall . 
  and you 're okay with arab death , but god forbid jews do n't get to keep their ~ ~ god ~ ~ british given land . 
  not really , we both agree when autocrats do it right ? 
  where is the fun in that , it 's just pointless circlejerking about a consensus . 
  that is what makes it so funny about western intervention in other continents issues , you can only see blood on the other guys face because in politics there are no mirrors the borders of the middle east where drawn arbitrarily by 18 century bureaucrats , and we are using 21st century tech to enforce them against 18 century revolutionaries that created our superior political and social systems in the first place . 
  considering this is the first time ruling party officials are investigated , i find it refreshing , but i get a feeling it 's a get rid of the bodies type of thing or the start of a very ugly internal conflict . 
  did n't syria take up about one a and a half milion lebanese during their civil war ? 
  i find it amusing that westerners ( especially liberals ) still play imperialist enforcer , picking and choosing good guys in the region instead of actually helping the people that had the unfortunate faith to be born in a region filled with barbarians ( sorry but both fundamentalists and government officials that kill their peers are barbarians ), 
  this is only relevant to the danish worker that lives in lithuania . 
  income is irrelevant , because local costs differ greatly . 
  there is a feminist joke somewhere in that ... 
   gaudy http://assets.inhabitots.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/kozlead.jpg this is colorfull and tastefull , most moderd arhitecture is , but this is just edgy without substance . 
  it 's just ... blah . 
  it 's cool if you only have grey rectangles around . 
  but bad design gets old very fast after the novelty wears of . 
  no , you can be flamboyand and tastefull . 
  http://www.ljplus.ru/img4/d/a/dar_jan/555416365_16.jpg i am criticising lack of inspiration not seriousness . 
  this does n't have shape , does n't have theme , it 's just a brainstorm of inspiration with not unified reason to exist . 
  not really , gay people can have no sense of style too . 
  think kitsch psychedelic tea house , anything hippie or summer themed wedding house . 
  i do n't like it . 
  i love hybrid development but this looks bland , gay bland ( and not even the good type of gay ) . 
  even the residential staircase on the right in the background . 
  is there a romanian comunity there ? 
  where can a guy find some national treats with some native flavor ? 
  fake !!!, 
  that is clearly iceland !, 
  1864 wow , bucharest was the paris of the east . 
  this reminds me of a counter strike map . 
  can i hate jews and support the holocaust ? 
  or do i need to be a muslim to support jihad and hate jews ? 
  if he knows how to attack , if he never learned how to bite properly or how to claw you , he will only hurt you by accident due to his size , but it 's more likely to try and run away than to `` attack '', 
  because they learned violence as a comunication mechanism from when he was a cub . 
  because you assume a castrated bear is inherently violent . 
  very few animals are inherently aggressive towards something as big as a human . 
  they where the market leaders in simple headsets ( which at that time was nominaly the most important segment of the market ) . 
  and even that was due to to a absolute domination of the segment in europe , south america africa and some parts of asia . 
  in the premium segment , where the iphone and the boom originated originated they where somewhat there although with a aging os that never really penetrated the us ( the most important premium market in the world ) , even the short live palm had batter sales over there than them . 
  in europe . 
  which sorry to break the yurope circle jerk does n't really matter fron a income perspective and is relatively speaking really difficult to market to due to its heterogeneus traits . 
  in the us they never really mattered , not to mention the exponentially growing asian markets . 
  actually they have , they have the `` official '' version of a word . 
  yes , but i did not use one from hundreds of years ago . 
  and a current dictionary is a valid reference point for language . 
  having your own language even more worthless than using refferences when interacting with society . 
   its rational to shoot down the plane that will crash into a skyscrapper but its not common sense !, 
  actually it is : there is even a whole theory around bad-worse dichotomies , it 's called utilitarianism, 
  it 's a position which i explained , not just a opinion . 
  what is the point of a law if it 's not reinforced ? 
  people that do break torture laws do n't really get punished , it 's just there to make the population feel safer , it does n't really reduce the number of cases of torture . 
  so animals are more important than criminals in our society . 
  yeah , it makes sense , because child rapists are n't cute -, 
  samsung developed initially a proprietary os which they are still using currently in some markets . 
  aven with androin they are pushing desperatly their own proprietary software . 
  samsung 's only edge is that it has bilions of dollars of marketing . 
  if you really want a example of rags to riches take htc before they found out about marketing and instested into `` the one '' program . 
  early smartphones where business oriented . 
  for their specific market they where competitive -, 
  just because we use it sometimes for sex , does not make it a sexual organ . 
  also some people find ears more erogenous than assholes . 
  so why does one get a special ranking . 
  as i said , humans are weird when it comes to sex . 
  you just made me imagine how would a pair of tits i do n't enjoy rubbed on my head could look like, 
  i have no stance , people are people , they have free will and are free to act upon it . 
  whether they do it rationally or decide to forgo both for safety it 's their choice . 
  i can not judge them based on it . 
  you can abuse a animal , not rape him . 
  not really , they are based on the need of humans to live within a universal moral paradigm . 
  like language , we can not work well toghether if we understand different things by the expresion `` common sense '' . 
  in other words , people need a anti murder law more than they resent murder . 
  example texas . 
  we morally opose torture as a concept , but it 's reasonable if done to obtain information . 
  we want to stop all rapes , but we laugh at jokes about men getting raped in prison . 
  i would , i can make pedophilia funny if you give me 30 minutes of prep time . 
  you specified , if she fondles your ear , is it sexual assault because you did not give positive consent ? 
  so you want linguistics . 
  ok , without specifying otherwise it is presumed that you use the common semantic value of a word . 
  any disagreemnts due to regional dfferences are usually settled by referencing a dictionary . 
  that is how people keep languages usable among it 's speakers for longer periods of time . 
  yes , a construct that references reason not majority ruling . 
  yes , but the construct is based on reasonble deduction . 
  it is a trait created at a individual level not a consequence of majority rulling . 
  i just want a reasonable aplication of the law . 
  if giving a orgasm is abuse , then letting it alone is abuse as well . 
  if drunk sex is rape , then make any unconsented physical contact assault . 
  ( i think scotland defines it as such , drunken bastards . ), 
  make any laws you wish , the majority rules obviously , i just get pissed of by different standards according to what feels appropiate . 
  man fondling his wife while she sleeps : rape , wife fondling her husband 's balls while he sleeps : affectionate . 
  because they had a very competitive os at the start they just could not make it competitive ( improve it as often , make it as cheap and make it as versatile as the unix based ones . ), 
  laws are arbitrary . 
  that a animal is not human ? 
  yeah , there are a lot of vegans and peta members around the world . 
  again , just because at this time , most people think something does not make it reasonable , moral or valid .
