  they both behave like they know better than the israely or indian nationals , they are both judgemental in regard to other countries and they both thing their positions are beyond reproach . 
  i said you have a strong liberal bias that you think no one under 40 is a conservative nutter . 
  i think you have a strong liberal bias ( not everyone under 40 is a liberal ) and i think you neglect how judgemental liberals seem from the outside in their self-righteous tirades . 
  no , it 's not discussed but from the outside is is aggravatingly obvious and universal . 
  ee like me say it has a western elitism that is almost colonial . 
  i prefer f24 and dw but then again , from your perpective those are baissed as well and i accept it . 
  is it necessary ? 
  is it not another stage that is basically useless ? 
  i do n't hang around / r/worldnews . 
  rt was popular here as well . 
  but as i said , people forget because the filter of the present and their ego is more important than reality . 
  they are all evil , some just have better pr . 
  sorry that does n't exist . 
  so it 's basically the same , they just makes the average consumer jump a unnecessary hoop because pandering is cool . 
  well yes we kinda do forget . 
  rt was a liberal daarling until russia became the universally accepted `` bad guy '' . 
  voting records are less important than rethoric . 
  do you prefer american ? 
  english conservative or liberal ? 
  so nothing changed ? 
  you could have activated parental filters before as well . 
  what is the `` being upfront '' part ? 
  so isps can choose to not do it , without any repercussions ? 
  it sets a interesting precedent , especially in the context of the right to be forgotten : in the context of our limited attention span , it allows politicians to reinvent themselves . 
  i meant parties : http://rt.com/news/conservative-delete-speech-history-771/ but do n't you have to sign on for access to the free internet and does n't the `` porn ban '' include terms like terrorism or anarchy , which makes any undesired `` bad news '' inherently censorable, 
  i actually know a lot of your sordit and sociopathic history . 
  that self-delusion is alive in every last on of you be it the self-righteous liberal or the southern gun nut -, 
  this is in line with the uks measures to censor the internet : if you control internet history you control public opinion in the present . 
  but putin = evil !, 
  ukraine is a uniform blob of european liberals !, 
  so punishing the whole ethnic group for the shitty behavior of the few is not right ? 
  someone tell israel that the did n't get that humanist memo . 
  why did israel run out of bom , bing targets . 
  but seriously , how about colonising gaza , maybe if the victims are french kids they 'll actually give a shit . 
  also maybe if the victims will be white westerners maybe israel will stop punishing the many for the sins of the few . 
  hey i just solved the middle east , lets colonise it with white people !, 
   ) that 's a good one , they just said : fix your shit and like the greccs we `` fixed '' it even this shit only happened because the crony and the prime ministers are in different political camps . 
  that is justice , they fuck one another with national institutions so the system slowly gets `` cleaner '' . 
  and at the end of the year they have example of how effective the justice system is . 
  the reason communism was shit is because we valued jobs above real world productivity . 
  paying 2 people to do the job of one only makes sense if you do n't give a fuck about the economy . 
  more efficient plants , distribution and sales ; the processes are not any special . 
  romania gets for the same money , the same fertiliser . 
  we get a fair price on the gas we export . 
  and spread the money among the transportation industry as well . 
  it is a win , win , loose . 
  the only ones that loose are those that can not compete without preferential treatment , that means both niculae and his employees . 
  i personally do n't cry for someone that was only profitable because his boss leached of goverment subsidies . 
  i do n't cry for the employee of gm or wallmart so i wont cry for those 6000 people that lost their job . 
  that is a industry issue , the sector is easy to get tied down in a oligopoly . 
  the difference is you can strong arm those companies into bahving fairly , you ca n't do the same with a politically motivated russian monopoly . 
  it 's more along the lines of stoping a crony from leaching of govermentaly subsidised energy contract . 
  and yes , everyone would have more if industry would not get preferentail treatment . 
  technically we are self sustaining . 
  we are also in the process of selling of gas production and processing state owned giants , so independence is kinda of a strech . 
  if the price is competitive , we will buy it , if not we say pass , the idea is that we have that choice wihtout sacrificing the well being of our citizens . 
  so energy strong arming should not be a issue for us and our neighbours ( except for ukraine , because they are a huge consumer and i doubt we have the capacity to sustain them . ), 
  sub saharan africa is onle of the least urbanised regions on earth , i want to build a economic system that allows growt . 
  all will come ( except the oil part , that is expensive . ), 
  that is not enough , that is not sustainable and that does not take into acount post industrial demographic explosion . 
  i want them to become food and service exporters because they already have the negesary production assets ( people and land ) i agree , but neither the companies or you get to decide what the market is allowed to have , some do n't want to spend hundreds of euros on food , it is their choice and you have no right to take it away from them . 
  from banks , now the credit rating of those banks is the real issue . 
  realistically investing in a developmental credit in tanzania is not riskier than the housing market of morroko , but because the market is not free but speculative you get the discriminatory system of banking ratings . 
  i am advocating goverment backed microcredits financed by western banks and distributed trough local banks at a preferential rate . 
  the entrepreneure gets long term seasonal credit for production , distribution and equipement ( maybe even land ) at a reasonable interest rate ( this depends also on inflation ) , the goverment raises a whole new sector from the ground up , that creates jobs , pays taxes and maybe even exports , the banks get great yields on what are basically govermental long term bonds , the added influx of capital will also make for a fertile ground for the rest of the economy . 
  actually it 's not , the degradation is slow and you can always step things up and make it a pasture or forest in the long run if you have a responsible and fair govermental agencye to oversee sustainability . 
  ( but that is a sensitive political issue ) so we ca n't plant any more trees ? 
  are we out of seeds ? 
  missmanagement is not distruction . 
  if i where you i would advocate for higher rates or recuperating dead land and stop focusing on the consumption , land is reusable ( exept for the land around bauxite mines ), 
  actually a lot , most services are outsourceable . 
  to build a toaster you need a transnational distribution center and sales force to absorb development and other fixed costs . 
  you can build a local toaster but either one of significantly low quality or a very expensive one . 
  services are actually the most flexible and cheap high productivity jobs we have . 
  if we look at the world as a abstract i think 40 % globally would solve poverty . 
  locally i think once a economy surpases 20 % it 's self sustaing ( no foreign capital ) above 30 % to 40 % you are golden and can focus on other sectors . 
  no , i am referint to the leab from substistent to economically apealing agriculture . 
  no social comentary here , just economics . 
  i would argue distribution and poor management . 
  if you start the economic cycle with production ( like comunism , or the us militarty industry ) this tends to happen . 
  i was arguing politically , i think goverments that recieve foreign aid should be pressured and hold acountable by education statistics not employement , inflation or crime rates . 
  capital is virtual , you can have a influx of capital over night anywhere in the world where there is a pen paper and creditor as long as the checks do n't bounce capital is not a problem . 
  why not sustainable ? 
  for industrial nations there are much more econonomically viable options , but for a developing it is the easiest way to created added value on a international market while guaranteeing a certain degree of outonomy in regard to production assets . 
  oh , yeah you 're one of those , ok , so we are not going to run out of land in the near future and over population will not come in the foreseable future . 
  ( after women reach a certain level of self worth they stop becoming baby machines , unless of course a government doens try to play social engineering . 
  we are currently using 1 % of the words arable land for crops , i think about 38 % is exploitable , so it 's very likely we kill each other over our fragile ego or stupid beliefs before we run out of food production assets . 
  i consider modern as in post bush senior , because after bush junior you really do n't have politicians of substance . 
  yes , but with services . 
  you do n't care about the agricultural sector , you let it evolve naturally , bigger farms will be more profitable due to scaled distribution costs . 
  the issue is to let it concetrate naturally and make sure the wages and profits do n't get out of the country . 
  ( at best you can help them with export deals above a certain margin ) you do n't hold societies hand , you just need to educate the work force to modern standards and make cheap credit affordable gloobalisation and ambition will take care of the rest . 
  actually it did n't within 30 years the ussr became a superpower from a feudal nation . 
  the abuses that occured where strictly political , if you do n't let power concentrate it can not abuse . 
  that is my point , the huge leap came once the economic freedom of education became wide spread . 
  that and the capital of huge industrialism modernised the western world and i would argue that the second one can be replaced by financial capital . 
  not per ounce of product , otherwise all the big companies would be doing it . 
  saying something is a human right does n't make it universal . 
  no a civil society is the expresion of non govermental interest in policy making , it is the product of democratic ( or religious ) experience internalised by a culture over a period of time . 
  ( the exact thing the ussr or china lacked and makes india trapped between two millenia of human developement ) and all that knoledge like the human made productivity measures will be available to them .
