  not if its clear and lacks vagueness . 
  that is the point of simple moral comandments in religions . 
  these things are bad , no exception !, 
  for more individual cases where the right thing is vague consult a arbitrator ( priest , judge ) . 
  that need of arbitration makes it flexible and durable and superceeds the autority of lawmakers . 
  without law making power , corruptors wo n't be tempted into tempting law makers . 
  without temptetion they can do their jobs in administration , coordonation and managing . 
  i fear the men that want power , not the position in itself . 
  the only leader that deserves trust and power is the one that does not want to lead . 
   no , it 's a representation of the fact that they get the most votes . 
   if you win an election then it 's the will of the people . 
  parties do n't join up if they are at odds politically . 
  yes ... those are autistic arguments , if there is n't a level playing field , a majority is not representative , parties want to be on the winning side, 
  i also distrust those , that is why i think you need to create a system that ca n't break and is flexible enough that it takes into account that people will want to break it . 
  the point is that a system ( first of all ) should not be breakable , because people will push the limits , especially when they are the ones that set those limits . 
  yes , i mentioned that would be a issue . 
  but whitout a cleal ideological bias he would basicaly be a proxy for the electorate ( like the democrats or libdems ) . 
  i have no trust in the jugement of politicians and say what you will for demagogues , they are honest , no secred agendas , no back door deals , just animalistic impulses . 
  i would argue that only clear `` evil '' should be specified for laws and any middle ground should be judge on a case by case basis by the judicial branch of goverment . 
  no , modern polticians interfered in the union boom of the late industrial revolution because there was a great risk that the dualistic political system would crack and socialism would invade . 
  that is the point , of a negative vote , you let him be influenced up until you get pissed of and vote to recall him , he pisses enough people of , he looses his paycheck . 
  a politician should have no ideology , no party , he is fundamentally a representative not a trustee . 
  you vote him not because you trust his judgement but because you know he will represent your views . 
  short of direct democracy that is the next best thing . 
  kraft is not the only one that benefits from naive consumers and lenient monitors . 
  those nuaces have no place in lawmaking . 
  those are what create escape loops . 
  no , only modern day politicians manufactured the instable market than needs help/limitation . 
  but that can be acomplised wiht any political system ( once you ajust the economy of course ) . 
   we simply can not make direct democracy work past a local level , i agree . 
  i am arguing for a way to police representations , fear of loosing ones comfy privileged seat is enough to make them understand the will of their public ( rather than their colegues ) . 
  ( yes this will make politicians more radical , but if the system does not allow for radical decisions , you are safe . ), 
  cheese . 
  i come from a economic background , my arguments is based on what established trade agreements and free trade areas do with the small economies . 
  ( including the eu ) . 
  nord koreea has elections to , reality is more complicated that your autistic models . 
  look at the americans , they ca n't be accused of apathy or lack or community organisation , the bar of responsibility will just elevate the whole system the gap between community effort and political class effort is perpetual , it is build in the system . 
  if the dress in black , call themselves national socialists patriots and are racists , they are nazis . 
  just because they fight the bad guys is n't enough of a reason reason to close your eyes , stick your fingers in your ears and cry out nononono , only putin is bad . 
  whoever is against putin must be good . 
  because without clear good guys and bad guys the world is to scary to face . 
  never , government just takes whatever measures are necessary to convince the people to let them stay in power . 
  they have no idea what the life of the commoner is like , and nor do they care . 
  it 's cheaper and we currently do n't know of any other that offers that much wealth to the individual in the long term . 
  ok , but how about we develop a sustainable strategy before we just trow money at them . 
  the principle is national autonomy , you basically can blackmail a countries goverment into accepting inferior products . 
  these are usually cheaper , so the marked absorbs them and the new standard is the lowest standard of health and safety between the two countries . 
  forget any new goverment protective measure ( for markets or people ) , it needs to be negotiated with the trade `` partner '' before hand . 
  when the us will sign a trade agreement with china , we 'll just take that one and sign it : banning inferior products ( over competitive products ) , protecting ones own companies , you know , keep the good parts and discard the bad ones , like a economic superpower does . 
  have you eaten american food products ? 
  yes they are food products , similar to food but they are legaly required to make that distinction , and thanks to corporatism , they can sell them after the distinction is made . 
  for the same money , i 'd go with the german one , because capitalism comes with layered markets , you want the basic package or something he can pass on to his grand chidlen . 
  now when it comes to heart valves , you ca n't really ask it to cook dinner so the differentiator is quality , reliability and safety measures . 
  and so you get the premium label slaped on the reliable one ( the only one available in europe ) but in this case it comes with the premium label because they can , while the budget options that are available for the base market price ( the cost of a european one ) will be as cheap as posible . 
  ( because companies need money to stay healthy temselfs . ), 
   the fact that any member state can chose to leave , and that they each joined willingly , is what makes the eu voluntary . 
  i am curious if all the people that voted for the epp agree that free will ended at admision . 
  the s&d and the epp decide policies , their perpetual popularity is n't a representation of political views but rather the masive influence of german politics in the eu . 
  but where those votes go is negotiated between local and european politicians . 
  after a representative is elected his electorate 's interest ocupies at least third place in his list of priorities . 
  those subsets are irrelevent when it comes to voting in laws . 
  hypothetical example : lets say i am a old school politician , i have a couple of diplomatic connection , i make a party that is for the eu and for the citizens of the eu ( or anything vague enough to be in line with parties from norway to turkey ) , i convince at least one major political party of each eu country to join me ( when there is no clear party big enough i convince 3-4 parties ) . 
  of course with that much foot work i win the simple majority . 
  is my dominance the will of the people or the product of political skill in a unhealthy bureaucracy . 
  as far as i know the council targets unanimity ( making each country equal ) , making it a fundamental branch in what is fundamentally a voluntary union rather than a dominion . 
  in the parliament any national elects are just puppets in the game between european socialists and federalist . 
  national parliaments are direct votes . 
  the european parliament is made out of national parties that move their electorate toward their self interested european group . 
  there is no epp or ecr those are artificial formations that represent the interest of the representatives not the people . 
  i disagree , is the system so rife with coruption that the representatives owe more to their party than their electorate ? 
  as long as there are nations each nation should have a equal voice among other nations , that is the role of the coucil , which due to the indirect voting system of the parliament is the only directly elected political entity . 
  make the european party system separate form the national one , and lets have a parliamentary system , but until then you ca n't argue democracy when junker had 50 national parties raising votes for him . 
  with so many local parties and a perpetual majority since the 90s there was no competition , there where no elections there was very careful political conquest of local parties that would automatically bring their electorate in a boat they do n't even understand . 
  the seat was won because european politicians gained the preference of a majority of local politicians , not a majority of citizens . 
  the monegascians are so good at hiding they did n't even make the list . 
  italian bootleggers , maybe . 
  congrats france and germany you got a couple more years of centralisation . 
  their minds can be persuaded by less democratic ways the eu is not their plaything that they can govern as they see fit , they are just empowered representatives that should not have individual agency but rhather do the best they can to represent the will of their electorate . 
  damn that was bad , but nothing unusual in todays media . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why should i hate the russians this time ? 
  does anyone have the full video ? 
  you 're trusting them all the time . 
  you do n't really have a choice in the matter . 
  yey , representative democracy !, 
  those minorities where buddled up by the majority not by ignorant values . 
  but are the free alternatives as `` safe '' ( and i mean safe in a larger sense : limiting redundancies with complex integrated extensive services , offering contingency solutions trough comercially tried post sale services or minimising human error trough accesability and usability ), 
  opinion on point one : should n't the removal be mandated by a judge on the base of a reasonable premise due to the public nature of the information on the internet and the posible public interest of that information ( journalism ) opinion on point 2 : the ability to sue is a massive deterant to companies that wish to act in good faith when the solicitor has powerfull financial backing , most often the easier less costly option of compliance becomes the best option from a business standpoint . 
  opinion on point 3 : something counts as public interest only after it becomes public interest , measuring absolute relevance is imposible opinion on point 4 : it can be argued that public figures count only as public figures when the undertake public action , in the rest of the time they like any other person are ordinary citizens with the right to privacy . 
  thank you for clearing things up , but every law ever made was made with the best of intentions ( at the very least in theory ) , people are just smart enough to circumvent it to serve their interest , that is why absolutes are preferable to particular laws that can not anticipate human behavior or ingenuity . 
  comercially free markets offer the best ditribution of resources and assets . 
  however they are not inevitable and they are not balanced . 
  now , this implies that monopolies should be crushed , any market that has a monopoly must be corrected . 
  ( yes , monopolise have economic advantages but do not serve connected markets or consumers ) bookshops are victims of both conservative thinking and the publishers oligopoly . 
  consumers are just a factor in the commercial mix . 
  survival and profitability rarely care about their opinion . 
  i think the decision is made out of fear , lack of understanding and a desperate attempt to cling to traditional statist absolutism . 
  given his position it is understandable and reasonable despite being far from the best solution . 
  congratulations , i am the dumbest person you ever met on reddit . 
  you win this years ad hominem award .
