  i am all for an independent osetia , i do n't want to demonize the russians , but that was an abuse of power in the eu 's back yard , which should have had serious consequences . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  you do realize nobody is actually attacking us right ? 
  and in fact your complete disregard for diplomacy in the middle east is the only reason muslim terrorists even attack europe . 
  stop fucking pretending that us interventions are for freedom , when the whole world hates you for your continuous imperialist tendencies . 
  you have armed more dictators and destabilized more countries in the last century than the soviet union . 
  you live in a police state , your secret services control your government and you 're population is okay with it , your political system is fundamentally corrupt and inefficient and the best part is you are constitutionally blindsided from having a true multi party system . 
  and despite all of this you still delude yourself about how morally superior your freedom and democracy are . 
   your entire economy is dependent on the us navy you are more delusional than suicide bombers . 
  fuck you , fuck american exceptionalism and fuck your short exceptionally racist history , you have always been a country of rich ass holes fucking the average citizen , you are not and never will be a model for any humane society . 
  i agree , but keep in mind that all nations disappear . 
  ok so what if china wants to be that hegemon ? 
  do they fight it out until there 's nothing left to rule over ? 
  i tend to disagree , even russians ( except for the progresives ) accept that putin is russia . 
  and progresives can only rejoice at a more opened russia . 
  yes , and guess what made ww1 so bloody and pointless ? 
  that 's nationalism for you , the propaganda sounds like this bucovina is populated with romanians they deserve to live in romania . 
  but when hungary does it with magyars , we to go into panic about other peoples imperialistic ambitions . 
  do n't worry , we do n't care enough , its just propaganda . 
  no , but if you want russia to improve , treating it like the enemy wo n't work . 
  if you offer them a chance to become the good guy , they 're ego make that happen . 
  a megalomaniacal leader like putin would be extremely docile if you put the possibility of russia joining the eu . 
  the concept of him uniting east and west , of bringing russia to the forefront of 20 ` th century diplomacy , bringing russians economic prosperity for decades to come and assure his place on the white pages of history . 
  people are n't inherently evil , they just make selfish decisions . 
  i believe in self interest and that aggression is a sign of weakness , so my choice is self-evident . 
  fortunately i 'm not a diplomat . 
  but more importantly i think russia ( it 's leaders ) needs the eu ( and china ) to prosper and prevent an americentric world . 
   the construct that acts against russia is nato yeah , because its 1973  would you risk a global nuclear exchange for the sake of a few georgians ? 
  would russia ? 
  but considering that the eu is the probably the most important trade partner for russia alternative solutions could have been found . 
  wait , what ? 
  xenophobic propaganda sir , j'accuse !, 
  we are split on the matter of moldova , and they do n't have a barrage barrier . 
  believe me we would like an empire but we 're to poorly organised and to lazy for that sort of thing . 
  i 'm not blaming they eu , i just pointed out that the line should have been drawned then and there , it was a less complicated situation than the `` grey '' nature of ukraine . 
  when you article is so bias and disregards the fact that that the `` putsch '' was backed by a astounding victory in the following parliamentary election , the subject becomes more why is the autor so bias rather than what the propaganda says . 
  the pdl is the have no right to comment on matters of power abuse after the manor in which they governed . 
  you just need them to visit romania and see the progress , oh ... wait ... nevermind but seriously , old people die , youg people become more influential politically , ukraine 2020 ftw !, 
  any ideas that do n't cost money , and wo n't aggravate russia ? 
  to be truly fair , they are a business , they need to fail , nobody forced them to overleverage and accumulate dangerous assets . 
  failure is good for markets , it kills of businesses that have a toxic behavior and makes room for younger companies , that can consolidate the market with new practices and products . 
  the cycle of governments using banks to appease the population and banks making risky money because they know governments ca n't afford a financial failure has to stop . 
  the increase in reserves is n't enough on its own , it just means banks can take more risks , and if those reserves are n't even they 're own money it will be business as usual . 
  by forcing banks to increase reserves out of their own pockets ( or their shareholders pockets ) you limit their propensity for risk , because it 's their money now . 
  you need to force them to change their behavior , not consolidate their past mistakes with free money . 
  about the author  in 2006 , romanian president traian b\u0103sescu appointed him head of the presidential commission for the study of the communist dictatorship in romania , which presented its report to the romanian parliament in december of that year . 
  as of 2009 , tism\u0103neanu is also chairman of the academic board , institute of people 's studies -- an institution affiliated with the democratic liberal party , which in turn is the main political group supportive of b\u0103sescu 's policies . 
  the institution is presided upon by political scientist andrei \u021a\u0103ranu . 
  the following year , tism\u0103neanu was chosen by democratic liberal premier emil boc to lead , with ioan stanomir , the institute for the investigation of communist crimes in romania , substituting the national liberal party 's choice marius oprea . 
  tism\u0103neanu was dismissed by the newly-formed victor ponta government in may 2012 . 
  tl ; dr he 's pissed of his friends are n't in power anymore . 
  this is amazing , i bet most people did n't even realise this was offensive until some young liberal asked what jidov means . 
  witch i totally agree with , but i was just making the distinction between self-reliance and sustainable . 
  the czech republic is a country , it ca n't be a capital ( not even as a metaphor ) . 
  i doubt 87 % of youth smoked cannabis , maybe if you count the synthetic alternatives . 
  a business owner goes to a bank and asks for a loan , the bank rejects him , saying : we do n't trust you , with our money . 
  the business owner leaves and sells some assets , to get the money . 
  a bank goes to the government and asks for a loan , the government says we do n't trust you , the bank responds : do you think you have a choice ? 
  it 's kinda like that saying : if you kill a couple of people you become a criminal , if you kill millions , you become a hero . 
   that maaaybe we might have turned ourselves around african and amazonian tribes older than the first indo-europeans contradict your hypothetical  i fucking love provocation people here on reddit . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  i know , especially if its some arrogant , ignorant , racist westerner that does n't get how first world he is . 
  clones ? 
  really ? 
  we are the most diverse and heterogeneous continent , trough most of our history even small countries like bulgaria and lithuania had periods of glory and empire , that fuels their national ego . 
  latvia 's time is now , i read an article recently that described how your countries focus on it is creating the foundations for a strong reliable service economy . 
  yes the past is horrible , but why care ? 
  why hold a grudge when you can enjoy freedom and prosperity in the present and work together for the future . 
  or realising that the age of 2 national armies competing to see who has more corpses to spare is gone , and no one country is strong enough to fight for it 's interest in a age of superpowers, 
  no , that moment was in 2008 when russia invaded georgia . 
  we missed it . 
   and this is why it 's so important to focus on renewable energies y' all . 
  only china makes solar panels cheap enough to be a cost efficient alternative . 
  sustainable is different from self-sustainable . 
  i feel for ukraine but a large part of the population is still pro russian , anything more drastic that a diplomatic `` talking to '' would only alienate the pro russians and make russia look like the good guy neutral power . 
  actually after microsoft 's `` back door '' scandal , any national agency that has n't changed to linux is irresponsible . 
  the american army is not a positive example , it is funded without any sense of measure or common sense , we should not compare ourselves with them . 
  also , the author exaggerates external threats , unstable foreign countries are n't a threat , and peacekeeping campaigns are different than invasions and wars . 
  the article does raise a good point when it comes to efficiency , but considering that each big country has different geopolitical interests and small countries are more concerned with reducing spending now that they do n't actually have direct threats i do n't see a united army as an option anytime soon , at least not until there is a unified foreign agenda . 
   such is life . 
  seeing as her ancestors have failed for thousands of years chances are she will too . 
  keep that stoicism when you 'll be unlucky . 
  so you feel that somehow natives have more rights ... just because ... what about second and third generation immigrants ? 
  or mixed race children , an immigrant has a baby with a local . 
  where is the line ? 
  we do n't matter when it comes to history , legacy , or war , we do matter for our family our friends , this is why risking our life her a hero fantasy is not heroic is selfish and delusional . 
   it 's nice to fight for a politician 's ideals . 
  i mean real causes which you believe in . 
  if only this was the case , but we are prgramed to follow leaders and adapt our ideal to theirs . 
  because all people follow their self interest , if you give them a job , take care of their children and give them the change to earn a decent living and do n't squash their identity and self respect , they would be crazy to give it up , just to live in squalor and risk their life for `` religious ideals '' . 
  some will , but i guarantee that he will be beaten and reported to the authorities by members of his own community . 
  because each city handled hate gypsies issue differently , some moved the community out of the city , others tried out reach programs , in most cases it was solved just by preventing illegal activities if they realise the risk of tricking the system is great they wo n't be tempted , and giving them the possibility to earn a decent wage.people do n't break the law because they 're sociopaths , in most cases , they break it because they see their neighbours doing it , gettin away with it and getting more value from it than he is from his regular low level job . 
  well maybe some cops where racist and that termed cached on for the media . 
  but i agree political correctness is doing a disservice for the immigrant community by promoting animosity among the rest of the population and tolerating illegal activities within their comunity . 
  so he does n't get a chance to fight , at all , because he 's unlucky . 
  cool . 
   no ghettos , no homeless where did you grow up ? 
  ( joke alert ) the airport ? 
   just like they did with their former countries ( read previous comments about context is limiting and why they did n't choose to be poor )  mosques are ugly i totally disagree i think they are beautiful strictly from an esthetic point of view , some of sicily 's best architecture is composed out of mosques . 
  but esthetics is highly subjective .
