  well considering how stubborn they are and how few natural resources they have , nobody actually bothered to argue with them or culturally impose change . 
  also , the turks where pretty occupied with austria and russia to really care all that much . 
  fundamentally it is latin and has arrived in its current after being revised and modernised in the nineteen century , after a lot of slavic influences . 
  well based on geography the us and mexico have a lot in common , linguistic inheritance in general precedes cultural inheritance , culturally by proximity we tend to homogenize our traditions but languages need more external forces and much more time to properly merge . 
  how the hell did you survive ? 
  you beautiful living piece of linguistic history . 
  [ gloriette ; sch\u00f6nbrunn gardens ; vienna ] ( http://www.costaricawilderness.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/view_of_schoenbrunn_palace_from_the_gloriette_vienna.jpg ) the picture really does n't do it justice , it 's that kind of 180 degrees of ultra hd awesomeness that really ca n't be captured onto media . 
  ... not sure if nietzsche or a erudite after a bong hit, 
  i agree , but you seem to think its a historical/european situation , when its more of a human thing ... you have your royalty as well , from the blind admiration towards your founding fathers , towards the dinastic legacy of the rockefellers , kennedy 's and bush 's . 
  given time and the right circumstances that family might become so affluent and dominant that they may integrate royally into your national government . 
  if the government is hated and the family is extremely popular this would not only be uncontested by the population but seen as an improvement . 
  ... because kings are known for their `` take it or leave it '' attitude towards power, 
   serious discussion on it , it 's polarised to `` absolutely no/yes to immigration '' and little more . 
  serious discussion is boring , shouting rhetoric at you 're virtual opponent makes for a lot of web traffic ( from both followers and haters ) . 
  as a classic libertarian you ca n't imagine how much it infuriates me that nationalism uses that label without any respect to its fundamental principle : individual freedom ( regardless of nationality ), 
  this might sound weird / out of context . 
  are you satisfied ? 
  fulfilled ? 
  do you feel like you accomplished enough ? 
   how can the eu possibly be considered an external hegemony ? 
  it 's composed of member countries , and its parliament is directly elected by their citizenry . 
  that 's hardly a foreign oppressor . 
  i was using a nationalist 's point of view , i know we where unhappy when the eu picked sides in a mere political battle , so i can only imagine the offence such an issue would raise . 
   the eu weighing in on this issue is n't throwing a bone to fringe seperatists spanish nationalists and basque separatists might see it differently  that people outside of spain are allowed to have an opinion on the issue . 
  it 's a sensitive issue , people will be unhappy either way , if it can be resolved internally any form of judgement rattles spirits unegeserally imo, 
  missed that one , you 're right, 
  ok , so let 's take the example of uk press and disregard tabloids . 
  among mainstream uk press , romanian gypsies are either victimised in relation to the romanian government or portrayed as a failed social issue that romania passed on to the eu . 
  both arguments can be made but they completely overshoot what can be classified as a reasonable discourse in the press . 
  sensationalism is infectious and addictive , and on minor ( from the point of view of a british reader ) topics , they tend to be viewed subjectively from the filter of local politics . 
  among this `` blind '' debate the issue becomes generalised and after months the common ground is the only thing enforced in everybody 's conscience regardless of how much it is oversimplified ( ... in my example , the romanian government is responsible for the rromani tragedy . ), 
  i do n't think every idiot needs corrected , i welcome idiotic opinions because they give diversity of opinions , and they exhibit a more primal , less complicated view on certain issues . 
  if you want to fight racism you listen to racist not liberals imho . 
  i think some publication need to be held at a much higher standard , because , they set the tone and context for issues , that will become the framework for other less scrupulous publications . 
  of course such a double standard ca n't be imposed in practice , but i just wanted to raise awareness that even high brow press can be unintentionally bigoted , and this has consequences more far reaching than a racial slur . 
  last question , is it feasible for a young couple , with apprentice salaries to rent without financial help from their parents ? 
   not necessarily , maybe they do maybe they do n't . 
  catatonia is like the bavaria of spain , if anything spain should be under scrutiny after the separation . 
  what makes you doubt its compliancy ? 
   they will also inherit a very large portion of spanish debt , much more than eu accession requirements permit . 
  debatably catalonia also has the economic requirement to keep the euro . 
  really ? 
  you think catalonia respects the eurozone requirements in this current form ? 
  are you fucking out of your mind ? 
  if spain were to try to join the eurozone in their current shape they could n't because they do n't meet the fucking requirements . 
  i doubt you understand just how well of catatonia is as a province , its gdp per capita is comparable with the uk , yes its debt is high , but structurally they are much more healthy that a lot of eu members . 
   the rest of spain would qualify for cohesion funds which , no offence to the spanish , they would actually need . 
  what issues do you think conflict with adhesion requirements ? 
  having already been in the eu they already comply with eu standards and regulations . 
  they already inherit a stable economy , free market , rule of law , respect for eu institutions and human rights . 
  debatably catalonia also has the economic requirement to keep the euro . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  do you rent like germans or own , for the average young couple , does one month of rent compete with the cost of credit ? 
  still the eu should be neutral , it should minimise the impact the secession has on catalonia 's future membership , but it should n't give judgements , because we are a continent with deep historical resentment towards external hegemonies , and there are a lot of important countries that have secessionist issues within their borders , implicating eu diplomacy can lead to a snowball effect in either direction which may have more adverse effects than positives . 
  yes they are de facto new political entities , but from a economical and social perspective they are already integrated , i 'm not saying they should become new members from day one , but i do think a accelerated integration process should be established within a short and limited time frame . 
  i personally disagree , in cases like this rational arguments take second place to emotional ones , any foreign opinion might fuel spirits greatly considering the subject is national sovereignty , also in a perfectly clean break , the matter should n't impact the rest of the eu either way . 
  no , the article argued that . 
  the issue is n't that somehow the eu wo n't let them vote , that is madrid 's job , the issue is that unless the eu builds a legal framework the voters might be swayed by the possibility of losing eu membership , and therefore pass up the chance of self-determination . 
  or kosovo ? 
  in practice it 's not really that simple that is why i think the eu should minimize external factors , like loosing eu membership , and not directly get involved on either side diplomatically . 
  thank for such a complete answer , indeed i mistook aprentanship as meaning `` vocational temp jobs '' . 
  how much does an aprentaship pay ? 
  what 's the situation with housing costs during that period ? 
  yes , but are they actually new members ? 
  simply from a economical perspective , i think its much more difficult financially and demographically letting my country in , than it is for catalonia or scotland to be re-admited, 
  and that creates a framework for self-determination , but whether or not ~ ~ succession ~ ~ secession should happen should be strictly an internal issue , and the eu should not intervene on either side . 
  of course , i was just wondering , from a macroeconomic point of view if it makes sense , we currently have more opportunities for sales representatives and business administration that we have an opening for traditional manufacturers . 
   least square i think something got lost in translation , i was just making a observation about the autogregresive tendencies of gdp and how factors like price and inflation tend to have a multiplicative impact in the long term . 
  so beside the pigs 's and island 's gpds that had their consumer generated gpd amputated by the financial crisis , does this suggest accelerated convergence is working ? 
  gpd growth is not linear and influenced by price parity and inflation makes it rise and fall or grow based on past values . 
  no , just no , its internal policy the eu should be neutral . 
  but they should create the legal framework for re-admittance of separatist regions , just in case . 
  these are more tweakers than manufacturers so nothing for regular consumers yet , unfortunately also until there are secure alternatives to us based service providers , security is less a affected by traffic safety ( or acces in the case of biometric sensors ) and more a issue of corporate policy and autonomy with regard to user data . 
  do aprentaships actually work in the long term ? 
  i mean , are vocational sectors really feasible for absorbing a large number of people in a modern economy ? 
  my problem is n't with bad journalism ... it is with bad journalism seen as reasonable and objective by the public . 
  the term romanian & bulgarian is being used as eye candy to spice up headlines , like polish migrants where used a couple of years ago by your press . 
  in most cases the term immigrant or criminal would suffice , but that makes for boring headlines , so the media panders to people 's biases and encourage it with profiling stories that are perceive to be legitimate and well documented . 
  my bad , did n't see your flair and you rarely see a brit having a positive attitude towards the colonies . 
  my main issue is with italian media and sometimes faux-economic news that use a tabloid style approach to journalism . 
  my main gripe is with how western media portrays immigrants in a passive way but appearing objective . 
  in your country there is less of a charade , there are news sources that are favorable to the republicans or the democrats and idiots that think twerking is culturally significant . 
  so you already know what you get , there is little to no pretence of equidistance . 
  and therefore less misleading the public ( and by public i am referring to people who do n't believe that satan lives in vaccines ), 
  so the pm just asks ? 
  it was a sarcastic parallel to how calm the british are about cameras just because they are privately run . 
  that is what i 'm struggling to find out , i ca n't find a synopsis for the law , only commentary . 
  it 's fine i 'm not popular among the english . 
   my understanding is that government does not dictate , and isps do decide what is appropriate . 
  how is the law called i 'm struggling to find anything but commentary and i think googling `` uk + childporn '' put me on a watchlist already . 
  previous versions required registry , if this is still the case and there is a compiled list of those who do n't want the filter it 's still overreaching . 
  the fact that it 's consumer friendly does n't make it `` consumer friendly '' . 
  i am not making the slippery slope argument , it will be used for political reasons from day one , no doubt about it . 
  you honestly have to be 1990 's naive , to think people use the internet for terrorism or pedophilia by typing terms into google . 
  but let 's pause for a moment and believe all the overly liberal discourse , and lead with the premise that filtering the internet is a necessity to protect children , what advantages do you see in the new system of government dictating what is and is n't appropriate ; compared to the former parental control offered by browsers/antiviruses/operating systems ? 
  also , why not let the isp decide what is `` offensive '' and `` degrading '' ? 
  maybe some people actually want their kid accessing information about homosexuality but not terrorism . 
  i do n't have a defensible position , my political views are to radical to even try to argue with someone that comes from a position of common sense . 
  tl ; dr from a sociological standpoint : this filter is in line with mainstream internet use , that is why people support it , because the age of 35 year old programmers and 15 year old `` pirates '' is gone , grandma and uncle tony use most of the bandwidth for skyping , ( or whatever the old people are calling it these days ) . 
  i really do n't want to be that guy , but ten year olds got porn even before the internet , and if your ten year old is really searching for the hardcore stuff that this filter blocks , pornography is the least of his problems .
