  the way we live now is verging on anarchy and heresy for an eighteen century observer . 
  witch is nice , because all past alternatives would be inacceptable for most of us . 
  i would argue that it 's quite fashionable to form you 're electorate 's opinions , the increase partisanship of the media makes propaganda quite accessible to politicians , it 's definitely easier that actual debates ( they would require the politician and the journalist to actually understand the subject and the electorate to learn and understand that complex problems do n't get resolved by sound-bites ) . 
  this however leads inevitably to personal attacks and insults ( because of they do n't really have a lot of intellectual comebacks ) . 
  and if you tarnish your adversary for 3-4 years , neither him , you or your electorates will be happy if you work together to carry out a long term developmental strategy . 
  and so you have political impotence . 
  i do n't understand why you would think a politician 's impotence is caused by lack of charisma . 
  when i said competence i meant you were a career politician `` back in the day '' . 
  to reach an executive level you had to spend years on the local level , then decades in parliament . 
  now i feel they 're more `` pop culture '' easy to replace . 
  and you `` see '' the pr `` glue '' is still wet . 
  in my country they invented ( from nothing to political rallies in 2 weeks ) a party out of former `` independent '' candidates and presidential interests ( because the party that gave the president and prime minister had a bad reputation ) . 
  i know the feeling , sry about that , but there are a lot of americans that say some outrageous things and they are n't even trolling . 
  / r/europe can be kinda up tight , but it 's nothing an edit ca n't solve and we do have a better sense of humor than / r/politics, 
  the wire cheers, 
  spaced , red dwarf , horizon ? 
   each generation used to say about the ones before it i agree , and i would argue that all of them are right , because 20-40 years is a big enough gap to not be able to apply the models and solutions you learned . 
  also , i would add that in the last 50 years , competence is increasingly being replaced by charisma in politicians ( more appealing to the public as people , rather that ideas ) , so maybe kohl would have solved our crisis better but i find it just as likely he would have `` shot the horse '' and moved on . 
  so this would be continentalism ? 
  you do n't understand how society works . 
  what can i say , there 's no beating you when it comes to ` mocracy , ` merica !, 
  how does a transnational nationalist party even work ? 
  considering france 's extremely centralized political structure , spain and italy 's troubles and your politicians reluctance to debate european issues is anybody questioning and representing citizens when it comes to eu policies or are we just working on the faith and honor system ? 
  is n't this basically the same old : `` now that i 'm in charge i 'll just pass the bureaucracy from your guys to my guys '' ? 
  i ca n't find the one about the `` coup '' but they are particularly interested in ponta 's plagiarism ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-prime-minister-accused-of-plagiarism-1.10845 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-panel-calls-prime-minister-a-plagiarist-1.10926 ) ) , which granted is a bordering academia , so my comment may be unfounded , but i reserve my doubts about it 's objectivity . 
  well you have a majority that wants a theocracy and any attempt to stop them will be an authoritarian measure . 
  the bottom line is , in my view at least , that we have to protect basic human rights , no matter the country , i find it appalling that we just put the un band aid on liberia , congo and western sahara , but they 're poor and uneducated so fuck them this decade . 
  but since we are at least looking at egipt the answer is simple , * let people protest , stop shooting them !, 
  * build an impenetrable secular constitution , that erases all religion from politics , make it a birocratic nightmare to change it , get the religious moderates on board , if they do n't exist create them . 
  * organise elections , create serious secular parties , stop letting everyone and his grandmother run for office , use the military infrastructure ( they have a lot of it ) to run a unified national campaign * enjoy your rigid , inefective and unstable brand new democratic system . 
  democracy , at least you can protest !, 
  who cares about real academia ? 
  if the professors are happy and do n't go on strike , the public is happy and continues to vote and complains are distilled in political discourse , like this article . 
  ~ ~ ( nature lost credibility when it considered romanian democracy a subject of `` scientific interest '' last year ) . ~ ~ edit : ca n't find the source for that one , but nature magazine did broke the ponta 's plagiarism story at a convenient time . 
  ( [ 1 ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-prime-minister-accused-of-plagiarism-1.10845 ) , [ 2 ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/romanian-panel-calls-prime-minister-a-plagiarist-1.10926 ) ), 
  it 's not that they do n't work hard it 's just a different philosophy , fiscal system , government competence and all these affect the bottom line of individual productivity . 
  and i personally think that the construction sector and tourism are unreliable in the long term . 
  have you seen her pedo husband ? 
  existentialism and all the hedonism , selfishness and nihilism that defined the minds of the last century . 
  ... and henry matisse for modernism, 
  the broken window fallacy modernised you country . 
  let mine have a go . 
  the important term here is emerging , while you have the job and monetary surplus in the short term you also have the infrastructure and logistical advantage in the long term . 
  eastern europe missed the keynesian development western countries enjoyed from the 70 's to the 90 's . 
  so despite it 's technical faults it still is the best way to close the developmental gap between east and west . 
  we where passed down by 2 large automakers because of the lack in infrastructure . 
  let me give you a idea how much that counts : this year ford started to make the b-max ( about 10000 cars/6 months ) at craiova and this jumped exports 6 % . 
  i do n't want the government to get it 's hand on more money , as i initially stated . 
  i merely said that compared with what our politicians are actually doing with the money keynesian investments would be a blessing . 
   where exactly will you get the money to pay the debt ? 
  short answer keynesian policy in a emerging economy , we could create a whole thread as this is my specialty but this is sufficient for now . 
   cheap workforce being imported we are to cheap to hire foreigners , so not a problem  corruption and terrible politicians went ahead with it , i 'm sorry , i know the feeling , but think of it like this , you at least got highways and an airport , we borrow money to sustain a corrupt political class and it rarely ends in any benefit for us , we just reinaugurated a 30 km highway that was finished in 2011 , the asphalt cracked on several sectors , costs and terms piled up and last week the highway was reopened with the final cost greatly exceding the estimates and may i add this highway was done without complicated architecture viaducts or bridges because its on very flat land and it still costed 4,3 million euros a kilometer . 
  that would not be so bad actually cause at least they would hire people and let some of the money reach the rest of the economy . 
  this makes me sad , i feel that as our economy progresses and we gain financial credibility more and more useless money will be borrowed by my country 's birocrats to hide their incompetence . 
  does taste really matter that much ? 
  is n't street food more of a fast fix kind of thing . 
  it 's acceptable , but is this anything more than `` status quo '' thing , corporations do n't have preferential barriers based on country of origin . 
  so this makes me think these barriers are more a legacy from a more xenophobic period of time . 
  this is a weird side of the argument , for me , to be on . 
  do n't you have in place the same limitation for americans that want to live in the uk ? 
  i apologize for not knowing the political situation , does n't the uk have a no-visa agreement with the rest of the commonwealth and the us ? 
  to my knowledge these types of agreements are bilateral , both countries enjoy the same benefits . 
  if you find yourself in romania from november to february you got ta try our sauerkraut version , mn ... tastes like christmas . 
  why ca n't you settle in germany , australia or the us ? 
  visa agreements are bilateral from what i understand ? 
  i personally hate any modern concept that limits personal freedom , from a philosophical standpoint ; so i hate the visa system as it limits freedom of movement based on something arbitrary like nationality . 
  [ the greek version of a doner kebab ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gyro_%28food%29 ), 
  sweet or sour cabbage ? 
  i was just thinking , our `` traditional '' street food was kinda replaced by shawarmas because of the convenience and speed , how did the fish survived the burger and kebaps ? 
  so if i visit england i should just skip the gyros and go for the f&c, 
  are fish and chips really that popular ? 
  do they deserve the hype or is it more because of tradition ? 
  that breakfast crepe looks amazing i hate myself for not thinking about it, 
   this is progressive house music done right yes it is, 
  that one had one crazy beat, 
  [ carla 's dream - p.o.h.u.i ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0foxxi5lzz8 ), 
  transsexual feminist bears that did n't vote for putin, 
  of course but not on the actual day off , that would be sacrilege, 
  yes , thank you, 
  things merkel said after the first eu meeting on the greek crisis . 
  yes , i was waiting for your comment, 
  my daughter is engaged with this very nice chap , from a village in romania . 
  [ giant light falling from the sky . 
  gr : you know i 'm not getting a job !, 
  gr : i 'm not gon na pay you back . 
  gr : ... and i 'm not moving out either . 
  ge : ich wei\u00df , gr : then we 're good ? 
  ge : not by a long shot , now be a good junge and get me a beer and see if france wants anything . 
  a day off, 
  ... and so it looks like we 're going to enjoy clear skies for the second half of this week , back to you hugh . 
  ... a realistic and sustainable long term economic strategy, 
  german humor, 
  see what happens if you masturbate . 
  we do love our shit talking . 
  petitions are a valid option as we all know they work every time , who would n't consider the will of the people . 
  now joking aside lets be realistic about who we are and how relevant our debt is in germany 's history of setlements . 
  we do not have the political ingenuity to take a productive course of action against smaller nations . 
  there are a lot of african and middle eastern countries that owe us money , on contracts more recent than this one , and our politicians do nothing about them , and when they do , they sell the debt to liquidation firms for pennies on the dollar . 
  my personal problem is the theory that historical events somehow do not depreciate , are we obliged by our predecessors course of action . 
  must generation after generation be nothing more than the bearer of our forefathers debt and mistakes .
