  sure the politicians are n't crazy about hugging the eu because it 's a rather taboo subject at the moment , but i doubt the electorate has changed their mind in mass . 
  and considering the lack of courage on the side of labour to approach eu subjects i thing the lib dems will overperform if clegg does n't let farage chew him up during the debate ( it 's passionate hate vs moderate wishful thinking after all and moderates rarely win in a direct fight . ), 
  and i think conservatives will disappoint severely , so much that they might even loose second place . 
  my prediction 33 % labour and around 20 % both right wing parties with libs closely behind ( if the debate goes decently ) worst case scenario they do n't break 10 % . 
  i believe that most modern day conflicts are solved by pr , that is probably the only benefit to the self righteousness epidemic . 
  combine that with the grip governments have on traditional media and a significant part of the internet and any aggression will be exploited to the maximum by the state propaganda device . 
  in our modern day unbalanced fights there are no heroes , no great generals , there are only martyrs and the ideals they stood for . 
  people where protesting even before the telephone , and actual action is greatly reduce in our generation due to the online nature of our interaction . 
  the consensus part is what gives me a headache , due to the required consensus ows contained eco socialists , anarchist and libertarians but had no solutions to put forward no real life realistic milestone . 
  the same thing happened in egypt , tunis , uk and france , vague demands will gather the people and will give you great numbers , but the results are more often than not superficial , just enough for the political powers ( not the elected officials ) to appear to the general populous like they are negotiating and wait it out until the different camps get separated by the details of the deal put forward . 
  do any of you brits have any predictions ( rough percentages + / -5 % ) ? 
  giant from a tech point of view , i.e. 
  tech development incubator . 
  and to my knowledge is has much more consistent government backing than other tech incubators, 
  how exactly does nordic socialism increase competitiveness when you are limited to a much smaller national market , you seem to lack understanding of what makes a business successful . 
  and to / u/tech _ itch  indeed . 
  the school system overhaul in the 70s plays a big part in the education scores . 
  and schools play a big part in having high social mobility too . 
  great education only matters if you can integrate them into productive members of society , for that you need capital and competitive companies to give them ever more lucrative jobs . 
  and to all finish circle jerkers in this thread , stop with the arrogance , it 's quite immature , the eu has problems but arguing that you did n't benefit from membership is simply ridiculous , modern day nordic socialism would be impossible without high yielding companies to tax , and without a big market those companies could not afford to grow and pay those taxes at the same time . 
  they 're at least more respectable , i know the feeling ,, 
  does she not undestand how service providers work , or does she really want a new shiny new cable and hopes we do n't understand what servers are ? 
   both sides have missed self-imposed deadlines to swap offers for opening markets in a pact that would encompass 750 million people and $ 130 billion in annual trade . 
  now that would be a win ^ win unlike the us trade agreement . 
  our industries compliment one another greatly , they have a sensible understanding of capitalism , so our companies would not be at a disadvantage , and they have the man power and resources that excess european capital needs . 
  also africa , seriously china knows the benefits of investing in the development of other continents not just reacting to us policies . 
  ... and the tv station resumed it 's regular programing as usual ... ... and the audience resumed their mind numbing consumption ... all is well in tv land, 
  if there was a none of the above option , and the turn out would be similar , then yes it would be enough for a legitimate demos . 
  nobody should force you to vote , a greater demos will favor a demagogue with the best soundbites and the most accessible rhetoric . 
  i say the target audience of modern politics is just diyng out . 
  consired how parties are marketed , there is no youth issue in line with individual ideologies , just jobs and free education ( and even those are presented in such a vague form that i feel like they are more directed at parents ) . 
  they are pandering to the simplest common issue when it comes to the young generation . 
  they know that ideology vomited out trough traditional media is pointless and the results in investing in new media and new segments are risky . 
  but be warned , viral politics is just as poisonous , look across the pond you have ows and tea party nutters that are fueled by ideology without any consideration of the consequences their rhetoric could have in practice . 
  [ the fish does know everything ] ( http://youtu.be/vay7eg8kc90?t=29s ), 
  but i think facebook activism does more harm in the long run . 
  it lets society vent without actually changing anything , it generates and reinforces the rebel without a cause angsty teen stereotype and it poses a flimsy opposition to political figures . 
  also protesting nowadays is done out of boredom and are politically organised by a official established party as a faux political instrument . 
  irl , only practical problems matter . 
  an adult does n't give a shit about privacy but tell him his office chrome browser history will be used to advertise fleshligths on his home computer . 
  and he 'll read even the longest eula . 
  that was an insult , but i guess it turned out to be true . 
  a single vote wo n't change anything . 
  heck , you know that , you 're not retarded , but guess what , the entire college educated voting population 's vote wo n't change anything , you know why because you 're stirring up shit , and you hope you 'll get some surface shit that does n't stink . 
  poor governing floods countries not the rain per se . 
  you do not matter , any leader you have is herding you like cattle , money just makes the harness more comfortable . 
  you can work with the system , and be politically active ( sharing shit and microblogging snarky comments on current events does n't count ) be an active voice , engage in debate with other social categories , point out how the system affects them in a negative way , do not contradict understand and respond . 
  or you could try hard mode : found a nonprofit think tank , slowly become a respectful opposition that speaks not only for you and your generation but for the whole herd , teach other activist to communicate their ideas in a non selfish way , spread until society demands the change like it would be self evident and common sense . 
  no civil rights movement succeeded by simply asking for change in the streets and expecting politicians to just bow down and figure out what they want and how to make it happen . 
  yes , acting , however needs a reason , i.e. 
  you want to prevent the certain death of those workers . 
  in your hypothetical if the train is not speeding down . 
  would you act ? 
  would the scenario lead almost certainly to a tragic outcome ? 
  if not , and your reasoning is flawed and you do act just because you can , you just pissed off some rail workers for no good reason , and those guys lift . 
  or what if the console has multiple botons and no clear red button for on/off , you are free to act and waste your time pressing all of the buttons , instead of just warning the workers to get out of the way . 
  but that is what happens when you want to feel important and ca n't stand the fact that your opinion or actions rarely matter in a significant way . 
  you did n't really want to save those people , you wanted to be a rail master and control the path of trains , those people where just justification for you to push buttons . 
  it 's easy to be reductionist , and generalise simple black and white scenarios , but in practice even the simplest solution leads to complicated and unpredictable outcomes . 
  take the euro square protest in ukraine , despite the subjective appearance of a dictator waging war against his people , half of the country does n't want the eu , they are probably wrong , but neither i , you or the young idealist who gets shot in kiev gets to decide for him . 
  there is no objective good , there are only outcomes that we judge either in a positive or a negative way depending on our subjective bias . 
  this is my biased filter . 
  now they will go to a round of forced elections , idealists will form a coalition that will have to mop up the broken pieces . 
  they will win and will enact reform , painful economical reforms , russia will use its influence to keep them in line . 
  the path to the eu is long and hard especially considering how big and poor ukraine is . 
  all these will have a disruptive effect on the economy , people will be upset , especially the pro russian camp , the opposition will cry out nationalist rhetoric and accuse the eu and the progressives as beeing responsible for the poverty . 
  the idealists will loose the next election because even its most fervent supporters will be disappointed by the lack of a tangible progress , one or 2 corruption cases among its representatives and the economic difficulties . 
  after all this almost the same people will stand on the same chairs making almost the same decisions . 
  i hope the ones that died do n't get to see how pointless their death was . 
  doing nothing does n't need justification , doing something needs a rational reason beyond `` we 're angry , we have a lot of free time and we are certain that our point of view is always right '', 
  let 's talk after the us eu and pacific trade agrement is signed . 
  a injust law needs to be passed only once . 
  and they know that people forget and do n't fundamentally care . 
  if they declared independence i kinda called it a couple of months ago http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1sg0qi/what_are_the_chances_ukraine_splits_into_2/cdxbh4h i however messed up the timeline . 
   die fighting for freedom and justice is your life worth so little to you ? 
  also , you need the support of a big segment of the population for your protest to even register in the eyes of a politician . 
  and internet freedom is quite low on the priority list for the over 35 . 
  if you put the issue in the right context ( like david cameron ) most gen x and almost all boomers will be against your protest . 
  sorry to rain on your idealism , but in reality pr and money decide what is right . 
  tell me one time in history that protest ( not revolutions ) changed something despite not being in the interest of the leaders ( isp 's are immensely powerful at the national stage in europe ) . 
  get a european party on board with internet freedom and privacy , and i will move across the continent to vote for them , but protesting , is just progressive perfume on the same political bullshit . 
  you do not have the power , they do not care about what you as an individual desire , what is common sense for you is not fair and is selfish from their point of view . 
  no , ideologies are national improvisations of principles . 
  swedens right will always be more left than british labour because of the political tradition . 
  right wing libertarians have the brashness to ask for nationalistic measures . 
  socialists take keynesian injections as a one size fits all economic measure , conservatives ask for anti capitalist austerity . 
  ideology is just the wrapper you use to sell your ideas to your electorate . 
  yes for dumb people right can mean freedom but in practice it can mean corporate preferential treatment , and no libertarian can agree with that . 
  the same goes for the left , it can represent economic freedom from debt and environment for lefties but a overgrown and unsustainable bureaucracy and deincentivasing the lower class can also result from a socialist system which both political aisles can agree would be a problem . 
  political theoreticians are useless , the only sell books feeding peoples egos and biases . 
  there wo n't be a huge shift in political tough , because there is no obvious one size fits all solution . 
  and worst of all politicians use this dichotomy as an excuse for their incompetence washing themselves of any responsibility or consequences for lack of progress . 
  do you have pocket sized bicicles ? 
  the best we can do are [ these ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq6zq4t2ydg ), 
  old university , young dunk white people, 
  fuck sight seeing dude , you can do that when you 're 55 with your family , you are living in relativelly close proximity to very interesting fun people , and trust me the break from romanian nihilism and agnst will do you a world of good . 
  [ try it ] ( https://www.couchsurfing.org/ ) disclaimer , i and the founders of couchsurfing are not responsible for any ass rape you might experience during your visit , chose wisely and trust your gut . 
  crazy people are born everywhere , you just rarely look close enough at your neighbors . 
  sounds about right , we both have 24 hour news stations that are `` color blind '', 
  oh , so much naivete , people need to want democracy , give them all the internets and make sure their english comprehension is at high school level and let it boil in corruption and poverty for 20 years , congratulations you have civil unrest and a generational gap , let them simmer for another 10 years and you have a fresh democratic capitalist secular society , still vulnerable to political abuse , but a electorate able to see past the political bullshit .
