  or the low country ? 
  of course you like it , denmark wins a lot of territories . 
  i think andalusia and the mediterranean union are really fucked . 
  rumelia , greater portugal , smaller scotland will struggle a lot of issues with the territory of former highly centralised countries like france , italy . 
  all those reindeer , all under the tutelage of the stockholm, 
  gdp can change shockingly fast and it is very tied to national policies . 
  you ca n't have 8-10 % constant population growth without serious social engineering . 
  also population tends to normalise in the western world after a few generations due to the high opportunity cost of having children . 
  population is the way to go , for actual political equality . 
  i do n't care about those , those are sistemic differecence that only time and a literal change of the guard can overcome . 
  but the current political inbalance based on population differences is more than unfair and combined with the economic imbalance just makes us second hand states in what supposedly should be a `` union '', 
  oh ... so beautiful a real union of equals now , excuse me , i 'm going to ideologically jack of to this picture . 
  they have a culture of being loud and expressive . 
  to be fair , their political speach is more crony than demagogy , so there are only so few avenues corporate interest needs to be ideologically represented . 
  they have hard party lines from which you can not deviate to much otherwise you loose favor with the political engine . 
  they have no real plurality and most media outlets have a agenda . 
  laws do n't matter , society matters . 
  why ? 
  the us invented the uber sensitive liberals . 
  russia , china , pakistan , iran and north koreea . 
   if ukraine was in nato it would n't be invaded . 
  i am sure , it would have either meant all out war or the disolution of the alliance because it would have been clear that it only protects us interests . 
   you think wars are n't prevented because of fear of getting usa involved against you ? 
  i think you are asking if i think us miliary intervention is a sufficient deterrent for military aggression . 
  yes , i think there are 5 crazy militarised countries you do n't want to piss off currently and the us has the military power to beat the shit out of all of them singlehandedly if they are forced to engage in an all out war . 
  and i still would be neutral , defensively engaging a offensive force is neutral . 
  yes , because a couple of thousand troops are what keeps people for invading us currently . 
  yes , you 're right , our army is all that prevent chad from invading so they are the only ones that us our national colors . 
  good , that is the whole point of democracy , even insufferable voices get to be heard . 
  silencing anti-liberal voices is not liberalism . 
   yeah , except that still means a fight , just not a fight directly in your country . 
  i am all for fighing any defensive fight regardless of what country that takes place in , as part of the alliance . 
  ( this does not include stratigic offence or fighting wars that serve the geopolitical end of your bigger allies )  having an alliance also does n't mean getting someone to stand in front of you and get killed while you watch . 
  of course it does n't . 
  having a alliance just means think twice before performing an act of agression : yes you will probably take romania within 2 weeks , but then you still have to deal with local guarillas and insurgence and your still at war with the rest of the alliance . 
  the goal is to make the prospect of war unattractive even to the most ignorant of war mongers, 
  you know that means plurality right ? 
  and it has the potential to be a very good thing look at the dutch . 
  it 's only hard if you want to use tanks . 
  afganistan is only hard because they have pakistan , if they could have invaded pakistan as well tadjikistan and a little bit of china , they you would have no resitance ... 
  it only helped finland during the second world war and that was because people forgot you do n't vacation in findland durring the winter . 
  no , i did n't , that is definitely an important factor ( as i mentioned with the hindu kush invasion strategy , neigbours are a very important asset ) and as a strategy i think getting the ukraine and turkey in nato is more crucial for our national security that buying weapons and hope the russians have a bad day when we fight them . 
  preparedness for what ? 
  they can still be steam rolled quite easaly . 
  now i do appreciate their mentality : direct armed conflict is unwinnable so lets just make it hard for the occupying force when they do arrive . 
  that is what 90 % of countries should be thinking . 
  that is a pro civilian strategy , having a stand alone army only protects the already established government at the price of the average citizens that die for its governments interest . 
  yeah , because the parachute is not a thing , those mountains are what keeps the swiss safe . 
  i do , i think you ca n't fight the russians unless you spend euro on the rubla with them . 
  we ca n't afford that . 
  this is geopolitical circlejerking . 
  big armies are only afraid of bigger armies . 
  well , it depends , i think this is where we are economically , without serious capital injection our internal market simply ca n't power more growth . 
  or maybe stop pretending we matter militarily and just go swiss . 
  yeah , we have that understanding with the us and japan , turkey just isnt ' t cool anymore . 
  i think the us 's public image benefited more from `` the threat of russia '' than out coffers . 
  i would love to vote on that . 
  no , it does n't . 
  there is a power gap between those that come from power and those that do n't . 
  can you jump that gap , yes ( that is why it seems somewhat better than the aristocracy of yesteryear ) , once you go trough their system and they see you as worth while , if someone vouches for you that is already in the system or if you make them a lot of money . 
  so that permeability i very limited and controlled in practice . 
  i do n't want to argue with you on this , 
  is it just me or does luxembourg look like the perfect setting for a 80s spy movie ? 
  if i wanted to debate stupid people i 'd start a blog or comment on facebook . 
   ) seriously try stand-up the ruling class creates the system , the people accept , tollerate or opose it according to their belief and political vision . 
  all their trials where initiated by the pdl . 
  the only major pdl sentence was ritzi , but the scandal was simply to big to miss her . 
  not without a paradigm shift , this is the new normal of democracy : polarised electorates on non-issues , a ethernal rulling class , pointless bickering ,, 
  all the upvotes for you , shit ... i only have one ... this is why voting does n't work !, 
  if the only colour you have to play with is black , then yes . 
  i 'll take that bet , she is the perfect feminist center post : unatractive and a woman . 
   ) you 're funny , implying corruption is created by people and not the system, 
  i usually agree with cgp but in this case he is very wrong . 
  the choices of the voters are funneled by politicians , voting is not a free unarbitrated choice , but a ideological acquisition made with trust from the offers you have available . 
  the only reason 2 party systems are popular is because politicians have no actual strategy , so the only way they can get votes is polarise the electorate ( this is also cheaper , easier and brings the stupid people into play ) . 
  and due to the fact that there can only be 2 poles to a subject , there are only 2 positions available , the smaller party leaders think that it is better to share a win than to just be out of the conversation so they join one of the 2 sides . 
  why the alternation ? 
  because political analysts `` tune '' constantly a party 's rethoric so they get over that sweet , sweet 50 % . 
  in a true , first past the pole , budget would be less important , polarising would be just a ideological bet , that maybe nobody cares about . 
  local issues would get more national attention as local parties would prove essential . 
  unilateral legislation would be impossible , and the voters could actually put pressure on politicians to get things done : 15 % is easier to loose than 51 % ideally , the party that wins gets to rule , period . 
  now to prevent abuse you need the opposition to be able to keep you in check , but not be able to troll you . 
  so every law should instantly pass unless it has a 50 % negative vote . 
  that prevent both the winning minority and the schizophrenic majority from abusing power . 
  a lot of pdl/ppe fans in / r/europe , you shall not take the name of the liberal evangelists in vain . 
  last time i checked , we 're still at least a partially presidential republic yes , our current president is nothing if not a diplomat . 
  that government fell because people only tolerate corrupt politicians when it 's not affecting their bottom line . 
  not really , this rang the anti corruption bell a lot , it also helped that since then the justice system started putting away corrupt politicians ( mostly from the camp that is n't in power at the time , but people only see `` rich guy in prison '' ), 
  that highly fragmented `` right '' consolidated its self around the pdl ( to better represent the ppe at the national level . ), 
  i do n't , but considering we turned into a 2 party state , i 'm all for nuance , even if they are jsut shades of the same grey . 
   if your customers do n't pay , and let 's be fair , they were n't doing a wonderful job bringing wealth to their citizens already that is only required in a decentralised capitalist system . 
  citizens only care about the bread , not the economic system that makes it - low skill , low productivity workers simply are n't interesting for a capitalist employer , but give economic incentives as the state and employeers will fight over them . 
  you miss the fact that the only difference between that stalinist score and every other american election is that there is no illusion of choice , or rather the people are comfortable and do n't require that illusion . 
  fundamentally what is the difference between a economic occupation with the pretense of self governance and occupation , the first is just a pretense created to maintain the illusion of autonomy both for your people , their people and the international community , the second comes with singnificnatly higher post conquest , for you the occupier . 
  those are already soldiers , they are just forces to maintain secrecy about their actions . 
  and they are a force to do so with a contract , which is very non fascist of the russian government if you you think about it . 
  oh , but a higly centralised economy with abundant natural resources does . 
  that is the thing you are missing , evil is not defined by you . 
  there is nothing more evil about the russian invasion as the american one . 
  they are both meant to liberate , the definition of that liberation varies,
