   but being an informed customer is n't hard , if you have money and some time on your hand . 
  what matters more the brand of oil you use or the tv you use ? 
  i assume you are one of those 10-15 % that like to make informed buying decisions . 
  it 's not taxing companies , it 's taxing all of us , bottom lines will not be affected . 
  big companies have more capital which makes them fundamentally more flexible to preadate on new uninformed capital , most of that money will go into coca cola , fast food and inhumane housing . 
  i want the customer to know what he is buying , now , i can do this 3 ways , give everyone a degree in phisicy , bio chemistry and marketing/let companies self regulate or impose nation wide standards . 
  which one sounds more pheassable ? 
  now the issue i have with the last one is that science people are stupid people as well . 
  i do not want to buy low powered vaccum cleaners and low fat products are poisonous . . give me the truth , not your informed opinion . 
  marketing should never influence policy , because that is where cronyinsm seeps into policy . 
  let the lobbiest do their job , but take away the power from politiciancs to limit choice . 
  more transparancy can only be a good thing , regulate transparancy to ridiculous levels , it will only give advertisers more material to work with . 
  just do n't make it a public policy . 
  politicians will pander , i do n't see it any more delusional than the romanians anti russian rethoric . 
   i agree with you , i just do n't like you equating all churches . 
  what is the practical barrier to priesthood ? 
  to be named as a priest by other priests . 
  yes , all churches are like that . 
   the idea of orthodox church is that people who have devoted their entire lives to finding the truth ( priests ) can help others ( followers ) reach the truth on their own , not tell them what truth is . 
  that is so nice , almost as nice but it falls short in practice as neither the individual or the church teachings are primordial , the individual priest is , he has both the trust of the church and that of the `` seeker '' and i do n't trust a middle age guy that ca n't keep a job to have live figured out . 
  now when talking to a buddhitst , not only is he forbiden from giving advice or giving certainty ( fearing you will stroke his ego ) but he also needs to entertain any relevation you may find on your own . 
  ( even if it is contrary to his own )  having the church help followers reach the truth on their own well that is the thing , for the church to help followers it needs to know the truth , buddhism does not claim to know anything , it is just here a tool to self discovering your own truth . 
  that is why it is n't a church , a church is a institution that claims to have truth , that has a arbitrary definition of good or bad . 
  i could trust god to tell me that , i can not trust his followers . 
  market = ( in your context ) estimated number of units sold by a set time at a given price point it is completely arbitrary and there is absolutely no corelation functionally between a price and a production cost per unit ( quality ) , in practice you want to produce somthing at the cheapest price point you can get away with and sell it with the highest price you can get away with . 
  better = higher value , this includes brand value , or better said , brand value can not be removed due to licencing issues and so on . 
   premium being relative to the price of production . 
  i 'm sorry to disapoint but that is a ilusion , diferentiation just apeals to snobism . 
  if you think in a basic way about a product : it serves a utility , you realise that most of what you get by buying premium is a cognitive utility often completely unrelated to the actual primary funtion of that product . 
  bigger companies = bigger margins = bigger marketing budgets = bigger distribution and logistics = more availability ... they can be seeling shit , size has nothing to do with quality . 
  and actually it is rairly difficult to create scaled economies in premium products because the market just is n't there . 
  with pleasure . 
  i know , that is why i find them even more hypocritical and delusional when they claim to know the will of god , theoretically the will of god , the truth varies recording to each community . 
   there 's also differences between official church teachings and the actual church practice . 
  that is why they are hypocritical sobs , this is a concession given to local leaders ( it 's a ponzi scheme fundamentally , it 's not about god but about getting more people in the system ) , if you knew the truth you would not let every local church interpret it as they see fit or let every priest practice it however he likes . 
  actually it is , because if they are n't a profit organisation they can not be sued like a private company or audited . 
  non-banking creditors are fundamentally loan sharks . 
  ( this is a recent current only provident existed in the market but they will increase in frequency , there is a very good systemic reason why we have special institution giving out money . ), 
  think again . 
  you do n't see the problem of faith institutions that do n't pay taxes and are masively subsidised and that can do no `` moral '' wrong becoming loan sharks ? 
   but orthodox church never really stressed its necessity as a mediator between man and god really ? 
  so that is why they are so lenient on their policies when it comes to baptism , marriage and funerals because they do n't think of themselves as anointed by god . 
  yes but it 's their truth , that is the whole point of the church , they are the keepers of god 's truth , catholics can be argued to be more strict/more rational : we the average priest do n't know the answer lets see what our cannons and our leaders say . 
  while in the orthodox church even the average mad man that got a church in a village is the representative of god . 
  that is why exorcism/mysticism is still popular among rural orthodox people . 
  and that is why this sort of religious loan sharking is possible in orthodox countries . 
  i think any church is a disgrace to their believers and humanity it 's self , you need to be one sick sob to pretend that you are channeling god 's will or that you are a express channel to god 's ear for your followers . 
  dude you do n't get it , god told them it 's okay . 
  btw , thanks for the 90s nostalgia bait . 
  reformation 2.0 coming to a church door near you . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gvq7d/basic_income_ama_series_we_are_enno_schmidt_stan/ckn0dyg  the iphone has a market price based on demand and supply . 
  it 's not arbitrary . 
  the fact supply is limited through intellectual property plays a role here . 
  if anyone was able to call their product an iphone , the price would look different . 
  no , it has a market price arbitrarily determined by the company , which is figured out by market reshearch . 
  supply is limited trough distribution and strategy , they can easaly produce 150 milion and put it on sale after they stocked up all their shops . 
  the way it will be implemented means they would pay less per hour of labor , whether or not that labor is negesary will be decided by the manager , but most low end positions can not be automated ( / high rate of initial invesment ) so businesses will stil need labor , and as the comenter said the exceding demand will have a limited supply therefor it will cost more to hire someone to do that particular job . 
  that increase in cost is only acceptable as long as the business 's total expenditure labor + taxes stays underneath the current levels of tax + labor costs . 
  for most bottom end companies raising prices unilaterally is not a option . 
  however if the whole sector raises prices toghether , then you can survive even with excees costs . 
  now in practice the small `` cost managing '' companies are not the ones raising prices ( they are to many to raise them in a organised fashion so no one looses ) , the big corporations that already have good margins are the ones that use systemic changed to raise prices . 
  ( because they can coordinate and also have the leverage of `` having more employees '' ), 
  i argued that between basic sustainability and being able to afford cable , people would work for cable . 
  but if you already have a reasonably comfortable life , you wo n't do that job , just for some spare change . 
  whant to fix student unemployment , trow them out of their parents house . 
  more enjoyable = / = more productive stop neglecting the fact that being in a position to choose to not do something is a luxury . 
  not really , shortage jacks up price , if the whole cartel has jacked up prices nobody looses ( smartphone market 2008-2011 ) . 
  volume is only a strictly positive thing when it comes to high fixed cost/small unit cost businesses : bread , industrial food , credit , housing : basically the industries i fear will take advantage of the new `` wealth '', 
  i know i used calories as a indicator of volume . 
  the issue with democracy is that it 's not a gread judgement of value : 100 years ago you could not have a vote on issues like nationalism or human rights . 
  not , to produce , to buy excess at a marginal loss . 
  the process it 's self is a free exchange based on quality and competition . 
  the activity by it ` self is a loss , it only rewards the companies that have quality products with indirect income , but is unsustainable as a main business model ( aldough i am sure some food brokers would try to make it so )  as long as it has internet , it 'd actually be a very awesome prospect to live in a ` dead town ' that is quite sad , , rational , but sad . 
  well that is where capitalism hurts you , because companies would rather burn overproduction than lower the price point available on the street . 
  ( due to unofficial intermediaries or second hand transactions ) people do what they do to earn money , because if they would n't be able to earn money they 'd stay at home and stream games on twitch to . 
  tell me that when you ca n't afford housing and a healthy lifestyle . 
  price is arbitrary , it is just the minimal value at which point you maximise your income . 
  actually demand would go up , because people that subsisted on 800 calories now can afford 1300 , why on earth would they not try it or even double it and go for the `` luxurious '' 1600 . 
   the price of rent will go down in cities , because the price of rent is already extremely cheap in non cities . 
  which with a basic income become viable places to live . 
  people would prefer to live on the street in cities rather than move to a dead town . 
  ubi will just make the competition for small flats and affordable living conditions even greater because there are more people that think they can afford it . 
  ( a lot of town folk will be spurred on by the fantasy that with the rent covered by ubi they can try their luck in finding a job in the big city ) overproduction is an industrial consequence , not a market issue , i would prefer the money be used in buying that over production at dirt cheap cost in bulk ( or even with tax rebates ) and then distributing trough the state based on cupons to people , than giving the money to individuals so they eat at mcdonanlds and promote a unhealthy but highly effective business model . 
  again reality is not business school , companies and sharks do not have to compete with better products , especially at the bottom end of the market , they just compete on price and the need to convince you that their offer is in your best interest . 
  i know , i was strictly commenting on the quote from karl marx . 
  the widespread availability of the internet is far from an arbitrary point in time . 
  no , relationships within are irrelevant , some might be libertarians others anarchists , we might disagree at a fundamental leve , but our formation is very similar . 
  yes , they would prefer certain industries to others , but there are only so many jobs available and somebody has to do the desk jobs . 
  the fact that you bitch about being one dimensional just confirms my hypotesis , because that is this the reaction of anyone born after 1970 : do n't label me , i am a individual , i am special !!!, 
  guess what , you 're not . 
  no , human nature will push people to get jobs . 
   the initial wages will be the same , before and after , if we were to introduce a basic income . 
  aside from some flat tax , to buffer the increased income and scheme cost , but not a 60 % labor tax . 
  not according to the proponents , and that would also generate a lot of inflation and be almost unmanageable fiscally . 
   and if the employer wants to pay 5k less , then he 's either going to re invest , or keep the 5k . 
  some will , but most botom end jobs are there because the business model can not work without them while on the other side scraping grease is not all that appealing when you only get 40 % of your income from it . 
  so a lower supply will create a pressure for increase wages . 
  prices are arbitrary , the iphone does n't cost 500 dollars because that is cost plus a modest margin for the company . 
  there have been studies made and that price point is where you get the maximum total income . 
  lesser than that and despite more poeple buying it you wo n't get as much / unit .
