  therefor that company really only has what is equivelant to state support , not continental support . 
  i think there was that argument a decade ago when vw was on the brink of going under . 
   the us has been pressuring the eu to commit more to its militaries and consolidate and cooperate . 
  the us neglects the fact that europe has put imperialism behind it . 
  we are not interested in forcing democracy down other countries throats . 
  we also know that our additional spending will be used to fight us conflicts , which we do n't want to and as i said , saying no to the us would be rude . 
   the us has even threatened to leave nato if european members continued to ignore their obligations , in which case i can assume most bases would be closed . 
  omg , seriously , i did n't know that , that would be amasing . 
  without the us a canadian nato could actually be a force for peace . 
   this is on top of the fact the us was very clear it wanted to withdraw additional resources and move them to asia . 
  out of context , that i assume was the message given by obama when he argued changing overseas military deployment and was a argument for a more effective but cheaper defense force . 
   the new program would focus on farmer training and development instead of shipping raw food that plan already failed in india and nigeria . 
  the idea was to make farmers dependend on monsantos infertile seeds , it required them to buy the seeds each year . 
  literally taking money from starving people . 
   there seems to be the notion on this sub that european companies are inherently good , but not exactly sure where that comes from . 
  because your socialists are more vocal than ours . 
  you do n't need to tell me , i know unilevel or nestle are just as bad as kraft . 
  when it comes to over seas activities they are both as ruthless . 
  our goverments are also realy savage when it comes to protecting individuals against corporations . 
  that is where my point comes from , your country is willing to keep afloat gm , and basically subsidising their products all across the globe , while at best the german goverment can bail out vw but it does n't have the financial power of a whole continent to do so . 
  it 's like the bailout would be all on the shoulders of detroit/michigan goverments . 
   yeah , maybe in some utopia . 
  why ? 
  with that attitude women will never actually earn equality and respect in workforce . 
  want equal pay , fight for it like the rest of the smucks . 
  i bet you that introverts earn was less than women . 
  why not force parity on them as well . 
  we are n't talking about shared parent time , we are taling about  the introduction of individual `` use-it-or-lose-it '' entitlements to short and well-paid leave could be way of enabling more fathers to take a fair share in looking after children . 
  shared leave is fine by me , just let the couple decide which one gets it . 
   `` see , you 're already earning less because you get discriminated , so you can as well take the whole time off and earn even less '' what ? 
   for one single couple , that actually makes sense , it maximises the amount of money available but in the grand scheme , it does nothing but reinforcing structural discrimination and ancient role models . 
  there no mr. average and no miss average , in real life people do n't find partners based on income ratios . 
  you know what limits actual developement , sexist laws , that give more to women because they are women . 
  having a child should be a real profesional compromise made by one of the parent . 
  there is no reason on this world why that parent must negesaraly be the woman . 
  they graduate higher learning institutions at the same rate as men and before their first child they earn just as much ( when you take into acounts their fields ) as men . 
  give them the right to choose , do n't balance out the choice to get an artificial parity in statistics . 
   a legislative approach actually works wonders . 
  how ? 
  lowering the average number of working hours per woman ? 
  increasing the statistical paying gap even more ? 
  making women even more likely to not resume work after having a child and in term making employees even more weary to employ them ? 
  sexist laws lead to real sexism , society always tries to compensate . 
  level the playing field not the bottom line . 
   it 's usually the mother because the mother is usually the only one present in the first months . 
  i seen cold mother and ward fathers , women just have a sixth sense about children . 
  sorry but it 's a sexist fact . 
  leaders are good to motivate people to die for your cause , but ultimetly , the system can not function unless your leader plays ball . 
  look at brave poor uruguay , the only way we could pass a weed bill was if it nationalised the sector . 
  every ideolog found himself at a point where he could sacrifice and get power or resign because he could not inflict the desired change . 
  nobody resigned . 
  you genuinely need a person that would rather die than lead and then give him complete power and imunity . 
  sadly no , nice catch  ), 
   thus we do n't like the idea of someone bullying our government into governing oh no , your goverment does n't do shit as well , people are just to wealthy to notice . 
  ( but i am to tired to express my feelings about the role of goverment in modern neoliberal democracies , lets just say that compared to the dutch or the bavarian goverment you guys have a easy job that can be basically done by a chimp ... case in point ukip candidates , the lower the skill level for a job the less actual responsiblity there is )  but if this is something that romania is not able to do by itself , then i also view this as a failure of your national democracy and your national structures . 
  it is able but like imigration reform or setting a coesive eu strategy for you , politicians prefer to talk about it rather than fix it . 
  because as a politica issue they can milk more votes than actually fixing it . 
  i would argue the opposite , lets say the eu wants to become a anarco capitalist comune , that would be a big step downward for a lot citizens , but as we life in a funtionally anarchic state , where goverment is a idea with police at the end of it , most would love the idea and funtionally there would not be a lot of oposition . 
  ( sure from a rethorical point of view it would be a hard sale but in a practical sense people would not feel a difference ) now compare that to even the most absurd british liberatarian that would instantly feel a drop in public services quality and lets not say anything about the swedes that would be to scared to even leave the house just thinking there could be people in the streets that buy alchohol latter than 9 pm . 
  imperialism tought us another great lesson in that sense , established sociatal models , where harder to rule over compared to tribal countries where modernism only came with the invadors . 
   reconciling efforts on coversion with respect for divergent views is a somewhat fine balancing act , which the eu has yet to master . 
  everyone wants to live better and everyone wants to keep power , it 's like dealing with special children , you bribe them to clean their room , you do n't put them in the corner and clean it for them . 
  the issue is brussels does n't care anymore , they want unification now if not sooner and that is a very toxic attitude . 
  from the point of view of a german it 's easy , because the concept of not doing your job is irresponsible . 
  but realistically everyone that `` talks '' german and is n't at least germanic is liying . 
  also the eu is politically powered by local politics , so the local politicians are protected from both sides , they tell the people that it 's the eu and the tell the eu it 's the people and they can just lay there and basically do nothing . 
   ultimately the responsibility for the eurozone crisis comes from the architects of the eurozone . 
  hard to say , this is a experiment that takes place in a petry dish that is the global financial system . 
  are the us bankers responsible for the housing crisis ? 
  no really , is the goverment , not really . 
  it 's a fragile balance where everyone wants growth are realists are silence to not disturb the balance . 
  and this attitude is still in place now . 
  we have fostered a society of junkies that run from hit to hit , arguing overdoses are mishaps and `` that they wo n't happen again '' until our body just gives up and we wo n't be able to save it . 
   the european integration project is ultimately an ideological project not a pragmatic project . 
  actually it is quite pragmatic , just that not for us directly . 
  you can not be super power in a world of hyperpowers . 
  the same attitude that unified germany and italy dwells in the subconscious of europe . 
  every country of europe was at some point in it 's history was either a empire or a vassal or both , we know better than most that big-small friendships do n't last . 
  i know i would n't but sweden went all loopy . 
  if you are more liberal than the dutch or danes , you went oveboard and are legaly insane . 
   the problem with that is that that would make employers discriminate against women : without policy in place , those are at a much higher `` risk '' to be missing from work than men . 
  not if you make it a voluntary choice . 
  it 's a 50/50 chance that once a employer becomes a father he will choose to stay home because his wife is a stock broker . 
  also employers could also try maternity/paternity bonuses to keep their valued employee and tip the balance of staying home toward their spouse . 
   which then translates into lower wages , less influence in the workplace etc. 
  not really , every employee that stays at home to take care of a child knows that he will stagnate professionally , it would not be fair towards the others taht do work otherwise . 
  there is no reason to jump in the opposite direction and make wanting a family a profesional disadvantage . 
  shit like this specifically targeted at all workers makes companies use filter question like are you planning to have a baby within the next 15 years to filter out flight risks . 
  and reduce the vail no , kids bond to primarily to one parent for the first years of their life , usually the mother because she is more emotionally open . 
   why is it denmark 's and britain 's responsibility so you did n't imply costs by this ? 
  because you already have a responsibilty to participate in eu institutions and that is literally all you have to do . 
   from a british or danish perspective it is absolute idiocy to advocate a `` continental unified policy '' via the eu on small businesses to help eastern and southern europe erode northern and western europe 's current comparative advantage . 
  the people that want to move , will move due to the cost differential . 
  you do not understand a entepreneur if you think `` ease of business '' is going to stop them from relocating . 
  costs trump laziness in the scale of values . 
  also , the main reason why someone would open a business in denmark compared to romania have nothing to do with ease of business as our local goverments give a away land and tax breaks for even as little as 100 employees for foreign investors . 
  add to that the lack of competition and the ease of business part kinda balances out . 
  again , the only people that will be effected are the local small companies that live from invoice to invoice and there are a lot of them . 
   britain has enough problems of its own . 
  you don * t need to do anything you stupid twat !!!,
