  the crimes against the state are the ones that in general require a disproportionate amount of force to impose , and the balance of power between the acused and acuser is immense , there you have abuse , corruption and true injustice . 
  yes , value is affected by scarcity , but at a fundamental sociological level it all boils down to value , the value a individual can produce ( and sell ) is essentially his life `` income '' and as long as that value is well above his minimum requirement for a dignified life , scarcity is only a psychological issue . 
  yes as times progresses that arbitrary level of decency is continously raised by human nature , but this occurs at a significantly slower rate than average productivity and until that gap keeps growing , i.e. 
  the percentage of your individual income used to reach that basic decency keeps getting smaller , we progress as a society . 
  equality should not only not be a goal , it should be purposefully be avoided . 
  humans are different beyond our basic needs we have different requirements and everybody values things differently . 
  also differences spur us on to be creative , competitive or hardworking . 
  that basic productivity increase that capitalism is so good at providing disappears . 
  half of century of communism kept my people at a fixed but equal level of living for more than 50 that is 50 years in witch technological progress did not benefit the people that generated it , because it was considered a waste , a luxury or executive . 
  the goal should be to make that level of decency extremely easy to reach for almost anyone . 
  and not in a centralised way , because power always gets abused . 
  and even the smartest humans on earth with the best intentions have no chance in predicting collective human actions accurately . 
  actually there is no better large scale economic model . 
  centraly administered and directed resources are horrific when dealing with systems larger than a medium stayed city , there are simply to many links in the chains that are corruptible . 
   if it is n't for growth it would 've collapsed on it 's own decades if not centuries ago . 
  not really it could last for milenia , assuming the death of a economic system occurs when the level of average poverty is considerably under a certain ( arbitrary ) level of decency and that technological progress generally improves the availability of resources and productivity and is generated by population growth , average education and capital liquidity ( or other motivational factors ) the only real barrier is that of population , and we have a lot more space to spare until the average population density is that of los angeles ( horizontal development model ), 
  that was before they found out that they are spied upon also . 
  spying on citizens is harmless , everybody does it , spying on leaders is taboo between friends . 
  so where did the presidents son go to university ? 
  i severely doubt that his grades where sub par . 
   i do n't know much about romanian politicians actually . 
  their corruption is only surpassed by their incompetence  you can climb within a party , that is the issue , you ca n't really , not without party support aka it sounds like taht party did n't apear over night . 
  they felt the christian conservative electorate was displeased and seayed the oportunity . 
  this is exceptionally rare for any party and in general only happens with right wing parties . 
   their coalition partners did n't want them to supply secretaries ( aka ministers ) for the cabinet . 
  they agreed . 
  that is quite amazing , i have to applaud them , despite their hate speach does the popularity fluctuate within the country ? 
  does groningen favor some political stance while rotterdam has other clear favorites ? 
  anyway as i mentioned the primary direction seem to be leftist , conservative and liberal , having more parties is nice , but severely ineffective reform wise . 
  as none of the parties can enact significant reform without loosing parliamentary support . 
  unless you applied the swedish model of educators as politicians the term `` specialist '' is highly debatable . 
  if it was transparent and idea based then there wherent political games , it was just a meritocratic popularity contest . 
  that is exactly the point everyone has a political class . 
  it never changed , just the duels are less bloody and more public . 
  well if it has pictures i 'm sold . 
  well fuck , that makes you royalty . 
  yes public schooling helps but once the grow up the gap becomes much more evident , i doubt you could afford the same collage or masters program the presidents son undertook . 
  that is what that `` maybe '' was insinuating , but it was a joke , relax , i know my politicians suck , you know they suck . 
  i was lightening the mood . 
  the english wikipedia page on the netherlands  have you adapted your beliefs to the less repulsive option no . 
  i must have misunderstood , but if you did n't adapt your beliefs and they support them then it means your beliefs overlap with your party . 
  and campaigns cost money this limits electability to higher offices of power . 
  looking over the divers range of parties you have elected it appears that you have choice , but the gross of the votes and i assume policies goes to the conservatives , the socialists and the liberals . 
  which is idealogically no different than in my country . 
  i am not arguing that your system particularly is flawed , my issue is with the model in general . 
  the system encourages the formation of career politicians which are nothing more than a modern ruling class . 
  well in that case how come charities keep asking for money . 
  but seriously , you can be mlk jr and still not be elegible if your presence is disruptive to the status quo . 
  the `` worthyness '' of politicians make them a priviledged class , or the fact that they grew up in the same private schools as those investors makes them worthy , take your pick . 
  and there where no political games ? 
  the electoral process was completely transparent and based on ideas ? 
  i 'm even more sorry but what can you do . 
  ( no , protesting does n't work , even if you remove the whole political class people will only vote for even more incompetent politicians ), 
  oh the absurdity of democracy , yes , democracy without any asterisk , every ballot ever created was rigged by the ones that wrote it [ -- ] the netherlandstonyquark [ +1 ] [ score hidden ] 39 minutes ago maybe in romania . 
   you must have outdated information . 
  i apologize , i merely glanced over the wiki , which said that there are 3 major forces ,  have you adapted your beliefs to the less repulsive option no . 
  so your beliefs completely overlap with the party you support ? 
  quite impresive , not even north koreans have that uniform of a consensus , and they have prison camps . 
   they made themselves known as a candidate . 
  showing up does n't get you elected , having the right backup and distribution channels does . 
  the difference between a politician and a citizen is that the first one gets elected . 
  candidates do n't count . 
  to become electable you either need a lot of money or someone with a lot of money backing you up . 
  i was referring to your insinuation that romanian politicians give enough of a fuck to simulate a democratic circlejerk . 
  i can not reffer in particular because i am as familiar to your politicians as you are with mine . 
  but in principle my main complains are , only politicians get elected . 
  laws are made by politicians . 
  ordinary citizens rarely have the chance to become politicians . 
  edit : just looked it up , to respond more precisely to your comment , they are rigged because i would hazard a guess that the balance of power between the 3 is n't very afected by elections . 
  and i think you already know with which side you are voting for or against in the upcoming election . 
  ask yourself , are you voting this way because they support your beliefs , or have you adapted your beliefs to the less repulsive option . 
  and before you argue that politicians are people let 's not kid ourselves , look at their parents , look at their bio , think about how they reached their position . 
  you 're funny ... 
  power will always be abused the issue is simpler than that , putin is currently supported only by old school conservative , who came out of the cold war with a sore ego . 
  `` loosing '' ( the russian propaganda machine put putin in a corner with that one ) ukraine would be a kick in that not yet healed ego . 
  ( imagine alaska gaining independence and joining russia in the '50s ) ukraine 's people want money to buy suvs and champaign like any old school pimp ( think jersey shore ) . 
  russia fucked up by not offering it to them . 
  and now they 're embracing the west for it . 
  it depends there is no absolute morality , ideally the language you speak or the city you are born into should not be a factor in how happy and fulfilled your life is . 
  but we still need the apparent security that comes with nationalism , maybe in another hundred years humanity will have grown up to see how ridiculous it is , until then geopolitical morality is a subjective matter , unless there are casualties ( and even then it can be debatable if they are n't white : preventive drone strikes ), 
  absolutely not , the method is owned by the americans if we go trough with it we basically pay them to extract our resources . 
  the secrecy surrounding the fracturing liquid makes the huge environmental damage unmeasurable and unavoidable . 
  we 're better of selling greece and hiring denmark to put windmills all over poland . 
  * this was hard but i think i managed to piss of more than 2 nationalities with this comment, 
  `` i want this job because i was becoming increasingly angry that the european union does appear as being divided in two parts , the so-called virtuous countries and the so-called weaker countries '' . 
  did he crack a joke ? 
  oh the absurdity of democracy , yes , democracy without any asterisk , every ballot ever created was rigged by the ones that wrote it, 
   ) i wish they had my cynicism and shallowness , governments would be scared shitless and tits would be on every front page, 
  and i am saying that nobody cares about ideology , every government tries to convince their people that they are righteous because otherwise they would realise that their government is abusive . 
  any influent economic group will grow as much as they are allowed . 
  the problem appears when the state finances grows artificially a sector to be so big and so powerfull that they can hijack policies . 
  i disagry with the term because it assumes that politicians submit because of corruption , when in fact they submit because the us economy depends on them , they are even more `` to big to fail '' than the banking sector . 
  this is a major differentiatior between our modern day system and true capitalism . 
  i think it 's generally acceptable when a govermnet thinks it owns the people that live on it 's land to supervise them . 
  despite calling ourselfs democracies , our freedoms are not limited by other individuals , but by the government in a arbitrary way , this is true for all governments the older they are the more the system entrenches itself by laws and institutions and guards it 's self from the people . 
  the same goes for the internet , it was a slip up that we had absolute expression and economic freedom , and its trans national nature is the most scary thing about it , because absolute equality and freedom over the internet could spark up the notion that national governments are not only pointless but discriminatory , abusive and against human nature . 
  his policies are n't pragmatical they are just imperialistic . 
  the appearance of a pragmatism is linguistically generated ( rutlessness and logic apear that way ) , if you simulate his proposal and realy think what geopolitical consequences they have , you can see that he strives for a greater centralisation and dualism . 
  his approach is that of complete disregard for the ukrainians , which i do not argue is a bad thing morally , but strategically , you need a strong neutral independent ukraine as a buffer to russia , not a pilot state supported only by capital injections from the west . 
  again it 's the control falacy , people implement unsustainable systems that they falsy use to control or prevent an undesired outcome , and after a while despite seeing how disfunctional the system became they continue to support it , kinda like a large scale http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ben_franklin_effect .
