  i prefer to live in a poor free market than in a society where politicians have undefined budget , but that 's just me . 
  that unemployment is natural , it 's a systemic contraction determined by a economical reset of over inflated economic gains , exactly the thing ireland spain italy and greece have been guilty of . 
  the most terrifying thing is that there is no immediate threat and governments wo n't stop qe , and by freezing the debt there are no short term danger signs , and this makes qe extremely dangerous , in a world of demagogues and live for the moment politics . 
  the euro is still transitionally relevant , so it worked . 
  i blame the uk for rejecting dialogue on the matter , without the uk any tax would have been simply circumvented by moving funds to uk based subsidiary , the company would have no restriction to the eurozone and circumvent the tax , without the participation of the uk it would have meant a extreme handicap for companies in the rest of the eu . 
  you ca n't have the cake and eat it to . 
  it 's less about the money and more about making a stand , this is europe , not the us , abusing the financial system will not be tolerated . 
  momentarily it 's not far from the truth , given your current government so i do n't really mind . 
  a jewish security officer stand in the middle of the street , he sees boys of a christian neighbor on one end and some kids from palestinian families on the other end . 
  who does he think graffitied his house ? 
  my street level experience with the palestinian issue is limited , but i seriously doubt that the anti palestinian rhetoric and the anti jewish rhetoric makes living easy for arabs at street level . 
  are christian conditions really comparable ? 
   i do ( as i work in financial services ) . 
  the uk 's reform of financial services has been more extensive than the rest of the eu 's exactly because it is so important to the uk and in the national interest ok , i 'll bite , what reform has cameron undertook , beyond pandoras box of qe and make it seem like a legimite financing option . 
  it has to be a serious reform not something for the headlines . 
  well [ the euro bailout ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-16104275 ) strands out as a proud moment in the history of british pride against continental foolishness . 
  a more recent one might be the financial transaction tax . 
  ca n't really be bothered to find a link for that one if your in the industry , you know what i mean . 
  i will not choose my word carefully , internet free speech is still a thing on the continent . 
  and cameron 's foreign policy can only be characterized as unfounded arrogance , you like playing with the big boys bot have only contempt and disgust toward southerners and easterners . 
  stop forcing your protestant philosophy on the eu agenda , and stop acting like `` your shit does n't stink '' you have social problems that you ignore in the media because chauvinistic issues are more interesting . 
  still not jewish, 
  you forget young viking , story tellers decide who the victim and who the hero is , reality is impartial and gives no judgement, 
  fair enough , but my point was that we `` painted '' every african rock with native blood because of our european egos , so ethiopia counts to imo . 
  germany . 
  no i feel strong hatred toward your current political class , i 'm yuite indiferent with britain as a country and and hatraed towards a whole countries people is just ridiculous . 
   already going ahead and the uk has been one of the strongest voices in favor of it like the nsa reform obama undertook . 
  i find it hard to believe a government that depends on the financial sector will actually want considerable reform . 
  every attempt at european cohesion is second guessed by the uk , so just my opinion that a franco-german duopoly would be more practical and flexible without a british pm using the european spotligh to campaign for a british electorate . 
  just my 2 cents , all `` radicall '' parties use virtual baits . 
  what would be left of both parties rhetoric if their fantasy would come to fruition . 
  without the eu the ukip is non-existent politically , that libertarian bullshit is just so they do n't appear to be fixated on the nationalist issue . 
  as i mentioned , lega nord had a lot more going for it but fundamentally once a fringe party loses momentum it either fiyyes out because nobody cares about the rhetoric , or concentrates the rhetoric and makes is more extreme to gather support of non-voters, 
  chauvinism is a human condition it transcends borders . 
  also history loves irony . 
  is n't that the whole purpose of colonizing , to dilute how muslim those territories are ? 
  italy after the second italo -- abyssinian war . 
  they do n't opose eu initiatives , they do n't threaten , they decided that they have divergent interest from the eu at this moment in history and stayed out . 
  you want it both ways , but only in the parts that is beneficial to your country . 
  i do n't like your country but for political reasons rather other than eu policies . 
  honestly , i think the uk should leave , sooner than greece , a single eu army , unified foreign policy , banking union and reform of social policies are impossible with the uk 's current attitude . 
  i give you that politically the eu will lose conservatism , wich is quite bad , but its an acceptable loss that will be balanced out in the long run . 
  again , it think its reactionary , i doubt ordinary brits actually are so euro-skeptic ( because nationalism is apparently something else ) and identifie with the political rhetoric of the ukip . 
  i do not follow uk politics that closely so i 'm basing my assumptions on the support lega nord had in its prime , the only reason people accepted the rhetoric was that the alternatives where horrible ( and some old fashion chauvinism ) . 
  that does put things in a horrible context , but solidifies the point this generation will be gratefully passive to the most incompetent of governments . 
  small country , geography favors trade and tourism , i 'm not worried , big countries over 2 million people are much more difficult to integrate . 
  you need multiple sector economic development and organic growth in productivity to become competitive , which can be slow in the best of cases , self destructive and inflammatory in the worst of cases ( hungary ) . 
  yes . 
  but in their case i understand their reluctance . 
  in the uk 's case i only see unfounded arrogance , you do not have a empire anymore , your shit stinks to , you have nothing good to offer the eu , only a unfair keynesian society and a american style respect for human dignity in relation to the government . 
  you 're probably better informed , but i see the ukip raise to relevance as a consequence of the electorate being displeased with the tories during a difficult economic time . 
  times are better people regain some common sense . 
  i meant kosovo , fixed it . 
  accession ? 
  how do you know about romania 's plan to ascend to the status of superpower and destroy the russian plague ? 
  but seriously , they need to be erased from history . 
  that sound quite confusing . 
  i see no difference between hard euroskepticism and nationalism 2 . 
  we had a rough five years , ( looking at you piigs ) some increase in popularity is to be expected among extremists 3 . 
  i find the concept of trans-national alliances between nationalist parties extremely amusing 4 . 
  i predict lega nord and ukip will flop hard but fidesz will swipe up hungarian seats and maybe leave the epp, 
  they use it to colonize to the moon and let the peasants fight among themselfs on what their children will call old norway, 
  or you could just buy a jet sky and a greek island so you could actually enjoy the jetsky, 
  we really did a number on africa , every stone was painted in european colors, 
  so that ~ ~ montenegro ~ ~ kosovo thing is resolved ? 
  take that non patriot , gay loving extremists !, 
  western europe is so mean and racist , why you no support anexation and cultural eradication of palestine !? 
  when i mentioned religious gaps i was thinking about intolerance and incompatibility . 
  a liberal secular society would be equally open both christians and muslims . 
  really ? 
  i 'd say swedish society is quite secular . 
  so both would be seen as `` religious . '', 
  i was arguing with the capitalist nutters , that argue capitalism or bust , and do n't realize our current system is as close to a free market as it is to socialism . 
  you 're right . 
  but it 's unlikely from a political standpoint . 
  modern liber states are very reactionary when it comes to social reforms . 
  the financial system that would run that savings system is kinda a bastard , one moral reason for bailing aig was that , it had a lot of pensions to pay . 
  also considering you do build a parallel private fund you 'll still need some solidarity tax , to pay the current pensioners . 
   scale with population properly rich people are n't making babies anymore , you ca n't scale that . 
  i have a libertarian alternative . 
  stage one . 
  if you take care of your grand parents you are exempt from social security . 
  stage 2 : we offer voluntary room and board , in government subsidies care facilities . 
  stage 3 : in 30-40 years , this is planned so nobody is surprised , nobody pays for pensions , but after retiring your parents are your responsability . 
  effects : people start making babies and raising them right . 
  senile people are not expected to be able so self manage . 
  closer extended families , with less judgement from the parents . 
  less taxes , less chances for the state to fuck up . 
  and the housing market gets somewhat more interesting . 
  that sounds like a issue of modern politics , your electorate depends on conquering your base . 
  we 're doomed !, 
  but seriously , stop arguing kill the poor and let the retired starve , this is n't conceivable for a civilized society . 
  if our rulers can not maintain human decency we will replace our rulers , if capitalism , can not finance that decency we will replace capitalism , the 20th century argument of masters that provide and need to be respected is dead . 
  concerning the muslim issue , religious gaps are harder to cross than cultural ones . 
  the robu immigrant issues was just a attempt by british politicians and media to milk a subject for all its worth . 
  i could . 
  but the end goal justifies the means in my opinion and this decision favors the possibility to see more politicians behind bars . 
  so no complaints this time . 
  people who buy bentley and porsche do . 
  the same way people buy a phone just to communicate with person a and b,
