  i 'm not a sociologist but from an economic stand point i can assure you that money plays a large part , large scale investment generates jobs that encourage parents to send their children to school . 
  educated people and money are essential for the development of private businesses witch develops into more jobs , more money ( in fact the speed of money is increased ) more business opportunities and so on . 
  up until now trade is the only way to boost a national economy without systemic downsides ( inflation , deflation or stagflation ) . 
  worst case scenario it generates jobs ( china ) that can boost a economy by themself in some cases ( india , vietnam ) . 
  now on the aspect of religion , it by itself does n't make you poor , and i heard about a study that actually links poverty to religion so a correlation is definitely possible but i very much doubt causality . 
  compare what the living standard of a norwegian with that of a saudi , and saudi arabia has a lot more oil income . 
  i was challenging disparity of wealth not the wealth of the country . 
  yes it can be , if there are circumstances for that change . 
  and while the diplomatic effort to change a country is very high , giving immigrants a fair change is the best our society ( western society not particularly italy ) has come up with . 
  bad example . . the french revolution actually was a consequence of napoleons rule . 
  and the only reason napoleon gave the peasants rights was to convince them to enroll in his army . 
  if you look objectively at nationalism you see that its quite stupid and unfair for ordinary people . 
  before nationalism people were n't affected by the changes in authority their land was going to , after nationalism ordinary people where manipulated to fight and die to keep their rulers and the bourgeoisie interests safe for a fraction of the cost of a mercenary . 
  that 's because of the slavic part , from what i understand it makes for quite a violent and unique sound for the non-speaker . 
  is occitania serious ? 
  i only heard about the language issue . 
  also should n't the eu have some previsions considering our separatist urges ? 
   wake up and see that it 's too late for your kind , but stupid , heart one day you 'll wake up and see it 's too late for your bigotry . 
  also , [ google ] ( https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=_0dauqeknspotabimocqcw#newwindow=1&amp;q=metaphor&amp;safe=off&amp;spell=1 ) is your friend . 
  the same thing that makes you qualified to have an opinion about what motivates muslim imigrants to come to europe : i read the news and have a decent comprehension of history . 
  well nationalism has always been quite thick with you probably the only thing more dense is a football fan 's attachment to his squadra . 
  nothing is earned , everything is contextual . 
  do you think the gap between eastern and western europe is because you guys have 2 dicks instead of one ? 
  its because americans invested a fortune for you to not turn to communism . 
  do you think the gap between north and south in your country is because of laziness ? 
  it 's because while the north benefited from technological developments that improved productivity , the south remained a rural mess , where private investors where to afraid to go and government investment was diverted to the local mobs . 
  do you think arabs are in the middle ages because their religion prevents them from working high payed jobs ? 
  its because nobody cares about them , the us kept them isolated so the people wo n't demand to have a say in `` who ? '', 
  and `` at what price ? '', 
  gets their oil . 
  to this we will add semitic influence and propaganda fueled by white guilt . 
  and all of this during the dangerous geopolitical climate of the cold war and you can understand why nobody wanted arab democracies in the last 100 years . 
  oh and money does grow on trees in the middle east , especially if you have oil . 
  but compare uae , saudi arabia and iran ... all 3 have oil ; all 3 have populations that do n't get to benefit from that oil , like a european or even a south american country can . 
  why ? 
  context ... 
  the world is n't fair , be it at an individual level or a geopolitical one , but notions like immigration give people a chance to live decently despite `` the hand '' they received at birth . 
  most northern italians hate southern `` immigrants '' so you 're not exactly the average when it comes to tolerance . 
  we are the same , we only have a better society because we have money , economic prosperity is much more significant for the development of a society than religion or race . 
  i did n't say you owe them , i just said they ask , and we as a society agreed that under certain circumstances we let them in . 
  yes , i read the source for the article , a vague synopsis of a study published by a sociologist that is fixated on immigration problems . 
  i also read the rest of these comments and decided since everyone is reaffirming their intolerance , i should reaffirm mine , i personally am terrified of religious freaks that are n't afraid of death because jesus loves them . 
  edit : we still are shitty we just have nicer hygiene and an excess in economic productivity , and we did n't reach this level on our own , and nobody does , as any closed up economy exemplifies . 
  if you had a daughter and in your yard it would be illegal for girls to drink water , you would have gone anywhere . 
  they are n't demanding anything , they are just asking for a chance at a decent life , we are the ones with demands . 
  however those demands are either superficial to appeal to liberals and the muslim community or statistically bound to limit the number of immigrants , so the racial majority wo n't be scared of living in a heterogeneous society . 
  both measures are form over content , and it frustrates both sides unnecessarily . 
  because you where born with absolute knowledge, 
  do you understand the concept of a person dying of thirst with a well in their back yard ? 
  maybe the well is spoiled , maybe they do n't have a bucket , maybe they never used a well before and are scared to not fall in ... you get the idea ... do we stop building wells ? 
  or do we diversify and build fountains , water pumps and eventually centralised water stations . 
  i tought you where refering from a historical perspective , my bad . 
  that was not an excuse , it was a an example of a factor much more important in the militant tendencies of younger muslims , that religion . 
  also i 'm not excusing anyone , i 'm just pointing out that the problem is n't the religion of a population , or the population itself . 
  the problem its the culture of hate that has many causes . 
  and breaking trough that hate wo n't be established by `` closing the door '' or changing a foreign government . 
  this propaganda work on people that have little to no education . 
  do you thing the european equivilant understands the geopolitical difference between a saudi and a citizen of the uae ? 
  i was just arguing against the point that islam somehow `` fabricates '' more intolerance . 
  the arab spring did n't start as a secular movement , but look what it became , young poeple empowered to demand change and not stand any for of autocracy . 
  in 20-30 years those people will rule the country and secularism will be the norm . 
  this is why radicals are so militant they see the tides changing , they see their dream of one planet under allah disappearing because of their own countrymen . 
  so you 're afraid because only `` brown '' nutjobs can kill ? 
  or are you okay with death as long as it 's in the name of a god you believe in ? 
  edit : there is a solution for both , education . 
  i say extremism is more common in jim crow america , and this is valid for homosexual acceptance . 
  but you probably do n't think of americans as all that progressive so i 'll argue that judaism has a greater intolerance for homosexuality than islam also maybe your parents , and probably your grandparents are n't really that understanding when it comes to civil rights does that make them bad people , or are they just product of culture , and despite their formation they became more flexible in their view as their environment progressed . 
  i am an atheist and very intolerant of religion , but i separate my vegetables from my protein . 
  people are not defined by their environment , and their beliefs do not guarantee their actions . 
  muslim culture has been increasinly anti-american in the last 40 years , and for good reason , because of circumstances we treated african , indian and even russian people with more respect and tolerrance than we gave musliims , and by that i mean actual respect not political correctness ( we have that in gallons but its not a substitute for the real thing . ), 
  this combined with a cultural gap between old and new muslims gives rise to militants , but the most important thing the arab revolutions and the protest in turkey say about muslims is that they want secularism , they are willing to bleed and die for freedom . 
  also , `` established '' ; check your history , islam is more established than protestant christinaity and even the gap between mainstreem christianity and islam is very small . 
  but if there where would you blame the church for their actions ? 
  or the whole of christianity ? 
  the problem is the propaganda not the religion , and certanly not the people that practice that religion . 
  i personally blame the lack of video games , give all children video games and church will be far less interesting , they will probably be unemployed and still living with their parent at 30 but at least they are n't blowing anybody up . 
  do n't blame me , blame the statistics ... last time i checked muslim paramilitary guards are n't practicing guerilla warfare in western europe . 
  i did not say it should be more inclusive , op asked about our opinions , i gave it . 
  as you correctly recalled old members are currently a much bigger vulnerability than new ones . 
  a monetary union has to be exclusive , more precisely fiscal , and economical conditions have to be met by all members for it to work . 
  sharing your currency is like sharing your toothbrush or underwear you have to know the other person has his shit together . 
  the eu as a community of states can be much more inclusive toward would-be members and supportive politically , without any real problems except for a powerful dilution of uk , france and germany 's political power . 
  which probably will have negative effects in the long run , but that is another subject . 
  its like sharing your food with your neighbour , sure it cost money but maybe the day will come when you 're going to loose your job , your wife will leave and you 'll need your neighbours underwear ... well that got away from me fast ... but nonetheless i stick by my metaphor . 
  the bulgarian protest are about frustration with leadership , you had similar problems 2 years ago concerning student grants , it has nothing to do with how stable a society is , you government is as stable as ours , the only difference is that corruption and incompetence is absolute among our leaders . 
  one can even argue that patience and stability are greater in eastern countries because we have endured so much , and we still have governments . 
  also , the racist circle jerks of evangelical christianity and the tea party 's tantrums are outlets of frustration that are characteristic for small marginalised uneducated minorities . 
  the problem is that politicians still think they are a relevant demographic . 
   overview [ edit ]  america alone covers topics surrounding the global *** war on terror *** ... ... and i do n't care anymore . 
  frustrated we could n't be more helpful . 
  a lot of people like the eu to be an exclusive club and that is frustrating when you 're on the outside of the democratic and stable glass wall , between east and west . 
  does nobody care that 12 % of native christians believe religious law is more important that secular law , if you compare the base populations , that 's a lot more christian fundamentalist than muslims . 
  there should be an asterisk for morocco ... * if you 're not black african, 
  no vegetarians here , is pljeskavice a type of burger patty ? 
  i could n't find an english recipe . 
  we have the other 3 in our local cuisine to , i guess the ottomans really had a influence on our gastronomy  \u010cevapi = mici  sarma = sarmale we have burek to , but i do n't recall it having a special name , its just another type of pie . 
  i unfortunately share the sentiment , but i worry . 
  there has never before been a time , where ideas have been so easily used against idealists . 
  its so easy to fall of a cliff while running from wolfs . 
  my bad i thought you meant former soviet union by russian,
