  it 's important because you can be poor and happy , the experience changes very little whether you are a poor student or a senator the chevice is the same , even if the prices or the place is different . 
  that is what a fundamentally just and equal society is all about . 
  it 's not about having the same problems or lack of , but about having the same joys and experiences . 
  no , it originates from a organic allocation of sufficient human resources for a give price of labor . 
  it is a waste of capital to hire more people despite not being absolutely negesary . 
  and while a excess in ( specialised ) labor is mostly pointless a excess in capital at least offers some flexibility and at most sometimes it can mean enough resiliance to survive a systemic shock . 
  no , organically it 's about around 10 % . 
  if unemployment would be 0 nobody could grow because any marginal growth in labor costs would be ridiculous . 
  wages are only proportional to production but most industries do n't scale : a team of engieneers can make either 7 or 700 assembly lines , it 's just a matter of costs and time . 
  you rarely have the need or is it feasible to pay 100 teams of higly skilled engineers to get your 700 within a economic cycle . 
  hypothetically only the interest in the labor cost would end up more expensive than a slow growth based on one team working for 100 cycles . 
  oh there are , but it would make the economy very rigid : see communist planned economies . 
  sunday family lunch . 
  dinner with the neighbours . 
  neighborhood pizza parties . 
  chilling with some croisants and watching the business oriented people sweat . 
  having some port/wine/grapa / brandy at the end of the day while watching the sunset . 
  *** i know this is shit most gen x and nobody in gen y does anymore , but these are all activities that gave life cheap satisfaction at what is basically minimal costs . 
  young people just work and spend money to reward themselves for working . 
  it 's a very protestant approach , a continuous race on what is basically a treadmill . 
  i can make a case for 10 % unemployment being better than your average 6 % . 
  cheaper employment for small businesses . 
  for me to , i want justice to be determined by laws not the feelz of the mob . 
  having close nit communities and family values ( well at least they are better than the the northerners ), 
  that is the issue with social justice  it 's either our way or you 're wrong, 
  yeah , our women politicians suck balls -, 
  there are a lot of welshmen around ? 
  jk , they do n't have internet , probably other people from third world countries . 
  compared to almost any developed country the brithish economy is disproportionally centralised . 
  i doubt the uk could even have a budged without london . 
  scotland is lucky that it only has 5 milion mouths to manage . 
  i think the point is : we can handle ourselves , london has been screwing the rest of the country for to long . 
  that makes more sense . 
  most major industries . 
  actually the planet is beyond saving , we are just managing the changes at this point . 
  ( but do n't tell the greens that realism does n't really motivate people into giving a fuck ), 
  damn all this excess value , i want to grow my own potatoes and eat them perpetually . 
  this is not demand , this is production . 
  and when you add the issues of a free and isolated energy market i think the difference between 80s consumption and todays consumption changed proportionally in both england and romania - ( the french or the danes would have a different experience as they had massive national programs of alternative production . ), 
  so non refugees have a harder time than refugees finding employment ? 
  that is very wierd . 
   ) that is so cute, 
   what is however discussed is how to integrate immigrants into swedish society more efficiently , but is this discused , without a liberal bias , i ca n't imagine scholars that look into the negative social outcome are well regarded  unexpectedly you need to at least speak swedish to get most jobs . 
  even temp jobs ? 
  i get the reasoning for permanent employment but give them a chance . 
   criminality is n't a main thing either i think that graph is quite worrysome , most western countries ( with less wellfare experienced a significant drop in criminality in the last 20 years )  murders and riots which obviously is n't totally untrue either since with more poor people you undeniably get more crimes in those areas . 
  i 'm not afraid of of non-white on white crime . 
  i fear isolationism , i fear avoidance racism . 
  i fear that after years of neglect you can only enter those comuniities with armored trucks and neglect ruined a generation . 
   since that will cause investors and markets to lose faith in swedens ability to continue driving a market based economy , bullshit , investory want one thing , preditibility , they will take a centralised and controled economy over a high growth one everyday of the week . 
  the only reason they go for volatile economies is that on the retail side that excess growt makes for big profits in the short term . 
  having a calm economy means you do n't get the big dogs , but you also have no fear of the big dogs leaving once they sucked you dry . 
  the issue still remains , why ca n't returning nordics get a job , do n't htey want to ? 
  you underestimate 3rd world countries , most cought up with 80s industrialism , wales never left . 
  actually it 's not , the world market is the same , relative demand does n't change all that much . 
  ( goverment policies are the only real factor and most basically have the same policy of subsidising energy ) what is nonsensical is comparing a small flexible demand like denmark with a subsidised mammoth consumer like france, 
  maybe the old generation ( preboomers ) but post tacher most think ot the americans as close allies/partners . 
  it 's just when you get to the young people that see trough the propaganda and grasp how flawed but pervasive of a system american style corporatism is do you get actual hate . 
  it 's not as much for america but for what it represents and how hypocritically they claim to defend democracy despite being just a corporate powered imperialist machine . 
  i saw one for romania around here , either in a moldovan gas thread or one about cernavoda . 
  we have a similar distribution , just that nuclear and hydro is more important ( smaller overall cunsumtion ), 
  demand increased drasticly durring the 60s to 80s , new tech could not grow as much so oil picked up the slack . 
  in the 90s coal went somewhat out of fashion as nuclear became the cool kid , however demand continued to increase . 
  hydro and nuclear have limited potential , there is a organinc barrier preventing them from fluctuating coal is very stable , no shocks only a slow ( very slow ) tendency to fade away . 
  oil demand is also stable after the 80s , so aparently someone did something right geopolitically . 
  gas is wierd , very erratic . 
  both oil and gas are phased out of use by a artificial pressure , nwe renewable is on steroids but ca n't really grow to fast to keep up the demand ( it seems to have the same systemic rigidity that nuclear and hydro have . 
  ) , so coal is almost disturbed from it 's slow slumber of death to compensate for the slack ,, 
  is there any mature party that is having a dialog on this issue ? 
   fewer than one in five refugees have found a job . 
  after seven years the number rises to about 50 percent , compared with 85 percent for ethnic swedes . 
  fuck housing , you can build houses , if they ca n't get employed that just means that you increase the rate at which criminality not only becomes a option , it becomes the only possible outcome . 
   `` i do n't think that our european union membership precludes us from building an illiberal new state based on national foundations , '' is the jury still out on that ? 
  because if it is , we can solve the ukrainian crisis by just making russia a member . 
  well to be fair : democracy and freedom is just a pretext for : paid political activists who are trying to help foreign interests . 
  see in a autoriatrian state , democracy and freedom are not good things . 
  he just got reelected , the people love this shit . 
  oh the cries from a fallen empire are so sweet . 
  maybe if london would not have concentrated and kept all modern economic development they would n't succeed . 
  germany is a economic power house that literally received an underprivileged second country just 20 years ago . 
  they made efforts for all germans to have a certain standard of living . 
  i do n't think london even cares just how much of a third world country wales is ( no offence , but you know it 's true ), 
  that is the thing , policies need general management , not just a distant agency that `` tells '' people what to do . 
  why ? 
  not being charged should n't it be more stable ? 
  this is an amazing description of romanians . 
  ( except for the german part that is just weird and we use a charcoal grill instead of a cauldron ) what do you mean by complicated slang ? 
  all people should have that right . 
  good luck !, 
  < assuming the right of self determination precedes the right of the rulling class to comand  government is not created to give liberty , but to manage it . 
  ok , i 'm not an idiot , but is this a particle accelerator or an actual production facility for neutrons ( for some reason i do n't understand ), 
  is it just me or would romania become the fourth largest country by area after this ? 
  we can not predict success but all things being equal , it is retarded to concentrate activity around the same mega cities because < arbitrary less than honest reasons , 
  sorry , but that means shit . 
  you need relative growth . 
  it 's not mcdonalts , it 's prepackaged industrial food . 
  it 's high content of fructose portioned sparingly over the day . 
  japan , sweden , most mediterenean ( but ther gen y is quite americanised ) and i think france , the netherlands and south koreea, 
  it 's a consequence of becoming a americanised first world country most `` first world '' countries that have a food culture flexible enough to complement capitalism do n't have this issue . 
  but when you go from communist porridge to abundant high fat , high sugar options but you get your time available for eating cut you do n't really have a choice .
