  the food ? 
  please tell me more, 
  because the municipality feels the direct consequence of a bad contract , be it wasteful or inefficient . 
  as i stated this new form of `` social contract '' is n't the pursuit of the cheapest option , it gives freedom and flexibility to all parties , if a group of cities wants 's cheap energy they can gang up and use numbers to negotiate , but this system basically creates the opportunity for more service providers ( jobs ) , this in term because of the open market gives more options ( cheaper and more efficient ) which in term generates more individualized solutions . 
  there will be cities that will require a unique and costly solution , but in those cases i do n't see why a massive , continentally guaranteed ( not financed ) , investment ca n't be an option , a nuclear power plant in finland or a massive bridge in athens . 
  cities have more flexibility and control over public works . 
  needs are universal but not identical and more importantly solutions need to be individualised . 
  there is also a sociological aspect , mayors tend to be elected on immediate to medium term projects , that are easy to evaluate by their constituency . 
  common interest is much clearer in a `` small '' community , and because of this politics takes a back seat to actual progress . 
  and the other side of the coin is also a good argument people rally behind urgent agendas and demand change and because the city council is `` tangible '' even independent candidates can win citiy elections without breaking the bank . 
  and there will be the psychological argument , people are attached to their cities , real attachment not like nationalism , they grew up on those streets , they went to school with their opponents and hopefully want their children to grow up in a better city . 
  [ a good ted talk on the subject ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-lblz3hqkc ) [ a example of what local leadership can accomplish ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3yjearuili ) also , great examples of how dynamic and flexible cities can be , are our own copenhagen , amsterdam , sibiu . 
  so estonia , latvia and lithuania do n't count ? 
  do n't underestimate the ambition and influence of a new `` wave '' of oligarchs . 
  well it was n't that absurd 100 years ago , but then again all of our countries where separated into bite size states . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  the city and the harbour , jk  but seriously is there any part that wo n't break the bank ? 
  not only in monaco but along the french riviera . 
  and which is better ( at an affordable rate ) the italian or french coast ? 
  love those mountains , and i 'm not talking about breasts  , b&h kinda looks like slovenia , but maybe it 's just the red roofs and forests . 
  you should cross post in / r/europics, 
  `` will '' is a powerful term , is there resentment ? 
  are terms like `` easterner '' passed around in colloquial conversations ? 
  in the long run i think so , i personally think italy will split up sooner . 
  nationalism is kinda imprinted on older people here in the east . 
  so it 's going to take a long time for people educated in communism to die out ( or become politically irrelevant ) and new generations to realize that they have more in common with central europe ( poland , the czech republic , slovakia , romania , belarus and hungary ) than with russia . 
  every constitution has that premise , it can be circumvented . 
  do `` westerners '' hate or resent `` easterners '' , are there talks about a separation beneath all the nationalistic rhetoric ? 
  ukraine is kinda an independent state , so i do n't see the precedent . 
  it 's based on the notion that every fiscal entity either people or companies have an activity that results in income . 
  the states job is to encourage and protect that activity and in return you pay a tax . 
  the idea behind taxing assets is that companies can `` suspend '' the use of of assets in order to create a apparent supply deficit or limit price falls ... both are `` cheating '' , well not under our current economic perspective but compared to the ideal market it is . 
  the idea is to discourage hogging of resources and make it expensive to supply block potential competitors . 
  this will make for unstable prices but again the purpose of this system is not to create more profitable companies but more flexible companies , that can easily adapt . 
  no , they just fetishizes `` 80 reaganomics and ayn rand ; while in practice are writing the book on crony capitalism , ineffective government and dictatorship of the minority . 
  basing you ideology on the free market means adapting not sticking to outdated political values , passing legislation to give cartels and outdated companies more power and less reason to change . 
  and most importantly individual freedom is essential and universal , regardless of race , gender , sexual orientation , income or religious view witch both the tea party adn ukip does not support , both are libertarian if you where lucky at birth . 
  a libertarian europe ( not the ukip/tea party bullshit ) ( there 's a lot of political fiction , but i 'm open to suggestions but if it 's not your cup of tea , skip to tl ; dr and submit another separate comment to the post with ** your ** ideological fantasy , rather than starting a useless ideological debate ) * there is one single income tax ( or annual asset tax , in this scenario , people are basically corporations that have to file a balance sheet , exemptions : rent , school taxes , elderly in care , basically the things the state now pays for but wo n't under the new rule ) ; local taxes can be added but all exemptions are managed by the central government . 
  * you can smoke , fuck , drop anything if you 're over 24 ( or from 16 with the approval of both parents , but they assume responsibility for the consequences ) some rights can be restricted by local judges * the eu 's only role is to represent it 's citizens interests in cases where companies may mislead the consumer , bad lsd , cars that broke down after 2 weeks of regular use , energy cartels !!, 
  ) ; any company that knowingly mislead the public is convicted for corruption , anti-trust cases or endangered the public is banned from the eu for 10 years , no fines , no settlements , if you tried to `` cheat the market '' you 're out * administration would generally fall on cities and municipalities , national governments would be symbolic , infrastructure , large energy exchanges , environmental restrictions , business licences and all large scale projects would be made as a collaboration between different municipalities ; healthcare services , education , law enforcement and rehabilitation will be done by private contractors and financed by the municipality . 
  * there will be 3 types of prisons , rehabilitation centers ( contextual crimes ) , regular ( repeated offenders , minimum of 5 years ) and mental asylums ( psychopaths ) , the purpose is correction and confinement and in no case punishment ; * voting is mandatory for everyone over 24 years , parties will have to fight for local electoral colleges trough the duration of a political cycle , and if they do n't have at least the support of 20 million people before the parliamentary elections they do n't get to run . 
  after the parliament is put in office , parties make alliances and put forth 2 candidates and their cabinets , one of them will become the prime minister , after another round of elections . 
  * all ballots will have the option : none of the above , if this option is selected by more than 50 % of voters the candidates are disqualified and the parties have to select other candidates and/or new alliances ( if this situation appears at a local level , open elections will be held , where anyone can register as a candidate ) * in parallel there will be elections ( local and continental ) for constitutional judges with a mandate of 10 ( 15 ) years , they can block any political process but can not repeal , any decision , they can submit the law either to parliament or to a referendum . 
  tl ; dr strict but limited continental government , a lot of freedom for local governments , companies and individuals, 
  i see what you did there , you dog ... spanish chix do some great old fashion christian `` converting '' to ; + their catholic and the travel fare is way cheaper, 
  and the people seem to be very warm and welcoming, 
  i too , am considering a vacation there , totally unrelated of course , i 'm interested in the weather . 
  ~ ~ so before 1991 , who actually spoke estonian ? ~ ~ sry about that stupid question . 
  so russians do n't want citizenship and voting rights ? 
  how difficult is it to get citizenship ? 
  well that just means that the problem was `` patched '' for statistical purposes . 
  i would be curious to know how much of the gdp is covered by goverment funding in the eu . 
  also if we have a trade surplus with the us is a trade agreement advantageous for the eu , at this time ? 
  imagine a world where all of europes youth can unite their vote for the pirate party and common sense . 
  if the supply is bottlenecked in any way yes ... if supply increases naturally , it not only nullifies the demands effect but increased competition lowers the price ( providing that sellers are easily substituted with one and other - buyer freedom is n't limited ), 
  if laws would be moral , they would n't be made by man, 
  bigger demand =  bigger supply =  lower prices, 
   is it mandatory ? 
  cause i missed the memo . 
   that 's what happens when retarded people get to vote , colors and slogans ftw !, 
  first part of my comment was also a joke , the rest was just a mini rant about mislabeling as libertarian a party that panders to chauvinistic people . 
  is it mandatory ? 
  cause i missed the memo . 
  that 's what happens when retarded people get to vote , colors and slogans ftw !, 
  why are libertarian parties filled with and pandering to nutjobs ? 
  how can there be an economic debate if the representatives of the right are preoccupied with hunting aliens with crucifixes ? 
  i was referring to germany and england . 
  i kinda fear for georgia , they 're to important strategically for russia to not put up a fight , winter is coming and russia has a fauchet . 
  let 's say a language/job/house are n't a problem , are there any conditions for permanent residence ? 
  also , what are the conditions for foreign entrepreneurs ? 
  no , i 'm serious , not for beggars that ca n't be traced or asylum seekers , for normal people that want a job , you just show up and apply ? 
  seriously ? 
  heritage does n't translate in more allotted time in the education system . 
  in this thread i read 2 americans that mentioned they kinda gone through pre-1766 history . 
  but from what i understand there is n't a national curriculum in the us so there will probably be some variation . 
  exactly , until '89 most eastern countries were part of the ussr and the balkans only had yugoslavia and . 
  our borders are continuously changing , and to expect average college graduates to know is a bit much ... also ... new media is n't really the cream of the crop ... history bufs would probably have a higher success rate ... they also would probably know the roman empires regions . 
  they still had maps, 
  thank you , also i would like to point out that this has nothing to do with your specific education system this is how modern education works , part nationalist propaganda , part apologetic bullshit ; every country does this , and its a damn shame , this is why wars and nationalistic tensions are passed down through generations . 
  north africa is popular with western news , its european tier so does n't really count . 
  also swaziland is n't really and enclave it borders mozambique to , only lesotho is completely sorounded . 
  dude , do n't joke , i do n't even know those, 
  i do n't think , education systems tend to overestimate national history and simplify the rest . 
  most europeans are descendants of romans , i doubt you remember the roman empires regions, 
  honduras and nicaragua , zambia and zimbabwe , yemen and oman are big independent countries , but you still would have second thoughts about which is which . 
  my point is it 's not the importance of the country or the intelligence of the respondents . 
  the only thing that matters is the institutionalised propaganda named education . 
  no biggie , i 'd have a hard time remembering italy 's regions if it would split up, 
  you said business , togo , swaziland , belize and liechtenstein , conduct all those administrative businesses , do they stand out ? 
  great premise , you should ask / r/historicalwhatif, 
   gabin and benin were i 'd say fish , and if they asked what senegal was i 'd say a bird . 
  george w. ? 
  is that you ? 
  that would be a fair comparaison , take a panel of americans and europeans and make them guess : 1 . latin america ( ant the caribbean ) 2 . south asia ( incuding the middle east ) 3 . africa ( sub saharian to south africa only ), 
  actually they can , both financially and commercially american states have a large degree of autonomy, 
  said no russian ever ... 
   western civilization well put , as pivotal as we like to perceive ourselfs for history , americans like to see themselves to , do you bother learning chinese regions or african countries , or do you limit `` relevant history '' as only for the last 13-16 centuries because it is convenient for our ego . 
  i 'm guessing , americans learn as much european history as we learn american history . 
  yes the argument can be made that `` our '' history is world history from 800 bc to 1492 ad , but school curriculum does n't need to reflect cultural/historical relevance , otherwise all of us would spend a lot more time studying ancient egypt , persia , timurid and mughal empires or create a whole new class dedicated to the study of china 's almost 4 millennia of continuous history . 
  well now that that 's resolved , i guess we 're going to colonize mars next ; with all the imaginary money we have .
