  inciting revolts is not that difficult , you push some propaganda to some opinion makers and you coordinate them . 
  maintaining momentum however requires the greater part of the population to at least be okay with your movement . 
  russia is simply taking advantage of the hate toward europe and the west the more traditional parts of ukraine feel . 
   but you polarize people with fear into extreme , and you get the half all to yourself . 
  that is modern politics , wherever you look you see 2 oposing factions , no dialog no compromise . 
  step back , let the radicals show themselfs to the public in all their crony incompetence and in the next elections everyone that was on the left of the tory 's will vote for labour ( biggest opposition party ) . 
  do you want to get a lot of support , vote for the ukip , people are stupid they only change their views or mobilize in reaction to something . 
  there is a clause that the first five to ten years after retirement you can continue and work in the public service ( doctor , teacher ) . 
  you get a basic salary beside the pension . 
  now this model can be reversed , you get a basic pension and the benefits for your business , which will make you beat the competition and potentially earn much more money . 
  i was arguing as a percentage of the national budget . 
  italy also has problems , most public sectors do . 
  what is the difference between pensioners 1 and 2 ? 
  ohhh ... my bad , i did n't know that . 
  it tough that was all administrative costs . 
  they already have a militarily presents and the population favors them . 
  why cling on to a piece of land that causes more trouble than it 's worth . 
  sign a agreement that grants citizens dual citizenship so they can move back to moldova as they wish and give them the keys . 
  the only point of a political party is to stand by something , not just stand there and be a punching bag, 
   you are talking about two thirds of the income of the state . 
  55 % of the people that can work ( actually their employer but the issue is the same ) get stuck with the check for 2/3 of a overextended goverment that has no self control . 
  ( and by this i mean self restraint when it comes to social measures ) no , i meant it as a completely voluntary opt in opt out policy like uneployment . 
  if you work , you get benefits ( that make you more competitive than other companies ) , if you do n't you only get money . 
  current minimum values are along the lines `` what can we afford '' to pay . 
  my recalculation would start out with `` what is an apropiate sum for people to live by '' . 
  in practice it sould be a flattening of pensions , a solidarity program from the richest to the poorest . 
  yes it 's unfair , but 20 years of working in a continuously expanding economy and crediting the state expecting future generations to pay is also unfair . 
  that is another issue , if the basic pot is sufficient then the bonus features are pointless . 
  there is no budgeting on these things . 
  we have z and we have to pay x , if it is n't enough we dig for some y and make it to next years budget . 
  no i mean the people that recieve that money . 
  121 bilion euros is ridicoulous , think about it , your whole population is 50 milion , think about it , it 's like every person including children recieve 200 euros each month . 
  something is wrong . 
   the only fraud that seems widespread is people and companies trying to pay less that they should more than people collecting more than they should . 
  i think the greeks can relate . 
  so 40 billion in administrative bureaucracy ? 
  i am so sorry man , i would pity you if i did n't think that my government would be worse if people had enough money . 
  all labor costs that do not benefit directly the worker . 
  so 66 % of your budget is financed by 55 % of actual workers ? 
  how about you tax products ( taxing 100 % of the population ) and have 90 % of workers actually employed , earning money and producing goods and services that you in turn get to tax ? 
  realistically you 're fucked , pensions are out of control ( that 's what you get with a pensioner at the head of the state , jk ) , the system is a ponzi scheme . 
  i could go all out fascist and erase everithing giving a living dispense combined with a elderly tax on people that do n't have grandparents in their household . 
  but realistically i would pass a restructure pensions as a universal income ( resonable amount ) plus supplementary income , leaving the opening for future measures . 
  i would give them tax breaks , motivate them to go into liberal jobs or even start companies in exchange for opting out of the pension for the time they are self employed . 
  in parallel i would audit all pensioners and the minister of social issues because there is a certainly fraud here and i am certain it is there for several decades . 
  also what the hell is transfer to other administrations ? 
  is it exclusively administrative costs because it seems huge and vague . 
  no , unions are stupid , populist and stuborn german unions are much stronger and smarter . 
  the market share is non existent because it is ilegal under any form of common sense regulation . 
  it is high level racketeering . 
  you loan out other peoples money and then sell shares in your `` business '' under the pretense that you will use the money you get from those shares to buy the tools needed to make people need other loans . 
  it is fundamentally wrong for anyone with the slightest understanding of finance . 
  the only reason we accept it is because the alternative is inconceivable , and both the bankers and the politicians know this . 
  let 's clear a issue , bankers are like vultures , they do n't come if you let food out for them they come if your dead and rotting . 
  they will go to where there are weaknesses ( or oportunities if you prefer . ), 
  any form of surveilance or oversight is unapealing , because they can just move to mexico or brazil , buy of that government and leach of them for the next 20 to 30 years . 
  ( which will have some great externalities to the brazilian people , so it 's not really that evil ), 
  not quite , if passing unpopular legislation would be a condition there would be no rulers . 
  it 's not their teritory . 
  kiev is only empowered with autority over them , but ultimetly it 's the people living there that should decide who their rulers are . 
  they stood up , against the former president do you think they are scared of opposing some militants knowing that their government has their back this time . 
  not quite , if passing unpopular legislation would be a condition there would be no rulers . 
  it 's not their teritory . 
  kiev is only empowered with autority over them , but ultimetly it 's the people living there that should decide who their rulers are . 
  they stood up , against the former president do you think they are scared of opposing some militants knowing that their government has their back this time . 
  well as always it is the right way to do it but as the americans have showned us it can be done wrong . 
  having a unified body increases the leverage that authority has when negotiating with big banks . 
  however , nationalist interest are a priority here , and until national governments and big banks do n't break up comprehensive reform is a pipe dream . 
  also , having one body means if you corrupt it , you won the whole system , and national authorities are restricted from opposing you . 
  this is partially good as local governments get less corrupt , but this also makes it risky and less obvious when corruption actually occurs . 
  so like with everything in eu politics the question is : do you trust your local government or the eu more ? 
   london 's main competitor is new york , and fairly comprehensive reforms have taken place since the crisis . 
  someone needs to give london regulators a paper bag to breathe into and let them know a little more regulation wont kill their industry , especially relating to disclosure . 
  but it will kill it of , risky financial operations acount for a huge profit margin . 
  90 % of the industry and the economic growt the goverment expects from them comes from that behavior . 
  regulating that means almost instant death for all that ( if they do n't circumvent it ) . 
  and no politician wants to regress the sector 25 years . 
  at this point is would suspend all worker taxation . 
  cut central govermental spending drasticly and copy paste another country 's work legislation . 
  what grecce is failing to do , spain should do because it 's not to late for them . 
  suspended sententce , at this point they are n't even trying . 
  - `` men , we need closed corruption cases , the next 10 volunteers get highway maintenance contracts and a time share . '', 
  - `` i 'm okay with that , but can it be a suspended sentence , my kid 's will be walking any day now and i do n't want to miss it . '', 
  - `` ok , mr. lazar , congratulations and will 6 months be ok ? 
  we 'll even trow in nepotism as a charge so the boy knows how much daddy cares about his own . '', 
  no , there is no geopolitical evil . 
  that is childish . 
  an unbiased argument . 
  so was the former president . 
  legitimacy stops when you start shooting your own people for not liking you . 
  in both cases protesters oppose the government , in both cases the argument of foreign interest are aligned with the will of the protesters . 
  the only difference is that the russians are more obvious about it . 
  or people that are simply not instantly pro american or anti russian . 
  everyone thinks they are right and at least partialy they are . 
  if mexico would have a revolution , and a anti american faction would win support would they not be labeled as fascist ? 
  this is an internal issue . 
  the camps are not all black or white . 
  russia will blatantly get involved if pushed , and that benefits no one except for the war fetishists . 
  that sounded like ... we might get ass raped by a pluztocracy but at least we get paid for it, 
  holy shit , someone that has a different opinion that your own must be working for the `` bad guys '' .
