  we look at americans and their hunger for growth and stand proud at the fact that ours is organic and does n't imply sacrificing the well being of our citizens . 
  think about how far we 've come in the last 20 years , sure it sucked , and sometimes you feel we 're moving so slow that we 're actually going backwards but the fact is that we are constantly increasing our living standards without abusing the social contract , and beyond economic indicators that is the only thing that matters . 
  greece , and ireland are cautionary tales more than anything , you ca n't cheat macroeconomics in the long term , and we can build on that unlike the americans and chinese that still bet everything on diyng horses . 
  sure it can be better but on balance between social progress and economic stability europe looks great . 
  actually all of that is funded by debt , with the exception of chile ( conservative politics ) most of south america has a public dept of over 20 % of gdp which is not that bad on its own , but combined with a populist government , low worker productivity and a cheap export based economy you kinda get systemic problems over time . 
  a nominal growth in gdp is actually not a good indicator for economic stability or the well being of its citizens . 
  he 's just playing his part in being a socialist evangelist , you do n't have to take his demagogical statements seriously . 
  and on a trivial note , i doubt their shops close at 5 , or that they have a state monopoly on selling alcohol , so maybe even you can learn something from them . 
  i would compare post industrial europe to sa because of the nouveau enlightened middle class that believes in utopias , but is still culturally linked to a working class ; sick of corrupt politicians and corporate exploitation they see only the promise of socialism and not the potential costs . 
  so they can learn some of our painful lessons . 
  you brits really like to insult those poorer than you, 
  wtf is lithuania selling ? 
  and mdma , and mushrooms, 
  i find it interesting how the pro government arguments tend to be focused on nationalist arguments . 
  when your main argument focuses on the idea `` we 're special '' you know you 're on the wrong side of history . 
  understanding unions , unspecialised workforce , low inflation and patient population . 
  but it 's virtually impossible in an open economy . 
  well that kinda explains a lot ... do you know if this nationalistic approach is inherited from the communists or has it been strengthened in recent years . 
  romanian communist was extremely nationalistic in its propaganda but with reform there seems to be more balance in educational policy . 
   there is no objective `` truth '' in the humanities there actually is , humans can suck , and humans can amaze , regardless of gender , nationality and affiliation . 
  there is no evil , there are only circumstances that can circumvent normal morality and make men take bad decisions that will either put them in the losers page of history and therefore be described as bad , or the winners side and get to write ego stroking memoirs of heroism in the face of evil . 
  you can see why such a message would be threatening to a bigoted establishment . 
  the uneasy fact is that despite being one of the most liberating and progressive forces in modern history , centralised general education can be and has been used for promoting and maintaining arbitrary cultural differences between people , manipulating the masses into helping and maintaining the privileged in power , promoting hate and intolerance and of course justifying violence and mass murder as something encouraged and sometimes heroic . 
  well it 's actually society that is in a identity crisis , we want universities to facilitate personal development and define individuality and then we are surprised that they are n't able to integrate in a monotonous monolithic system that is allergic to individualism . 
  do you want success ? 
  you 'll need to work hard , keep your eyes and ears open at all time ( local saying kinda sounds weird in translation ) , and be productive , always think how can i make money ( for the company ) , everything else , ego , indolence , self-esteem is moved around that central idea . 
  do you want freedom ? 
  work for yourself , start an online business , sell bowties and candles , you 'll work harder than most , but when you 'll not be working , you 'll be happier than most . 
  you want happiness , find something that you find much more interesting than the average person , learn it , master it and then sell your expertise to the highest bidder . 
  all of these can be done without a college degree , however society decided that high rates of college graduates is a great statistic for measuring progress and also makes parents feel like they 're better at parenting than their parents . 
  i am in no way opposed to universal education , i think its great for society as a whole , i however detest the modern day charade that it prepares you for life , work and everything , it 's like people just suddenly took college advertising seriously as a societal declaration of intent . 
  and this confuses good teachers and justifies the existent of bad teachers , if your to stupid to practice your craft in the market you should be teaching it . 
  its common knowledge over here , sorry to offend your political correctness i could only find one article in english [ and it 's really old ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8226580.stm ) but the situation has n't really changed all that much . 
  i am not saying gipsies are negesarally criminals , but it is a known fact that at least over here , if you are a homeless person you need to have a `` pimp '' to let you beg in a `` hotspot '' . 
  there was a good documentary about a family of gipsies living in london that made insurance fraud , because they had `` to pay their dues '' . 
  there where also a couple of news stories about gipsy mobsters running prostitution rings in spain and switzerland ( the latter was actually reported as a good thing in a weird patriotic way ) . 
  also , you need to understand that a romanian that comes to your country with the intent of begging or stealing will need money to get there , a base of operations and a support group ( to place stolen goods ) , all these are provided by the traffickers at a cost . 
  poor people and homeless people are recruited and even mutilated to `` sell '' the fantasy , they rarely actually get to use the money you give them , and rarely use it for food . 
  now the really needy , rural rromani rarely venture into the city and are `` discouraged '' by these mobsters to beg because they only crowd up the streets . 
  i really want you to understand the fact that not all gypsies are equal , [ these ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2285796/romanian-gypsies-living-condemned-ghetto-mayor-built-wall-around.html ) are discriminated and underprivileged rromani that if given a fair chance can become respectfull citizens , [ these ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051482/child-beggars-young-making-100-000-year-gypsy-gangs.html ) are criminals and exploiters and by tollerating them you are only making [ the problem worst ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24613781 ) . 
  so you 've cut your military spending in a region that basically has its own military establishment and is very unlikely to experience war in the next 20 years . 
  its still there , the only lit up parts are by the rivers , it also is more to the north than you think, 
  whats with all the south atlantic conections ? 
  also , not proud that on this map my country is in line with the eu , wtf people with our levels of productivity we should have a uk style ip filter on time wasting web sites . 
  ( just kidding , censorship is always wrong ), 
  to be fair all 3 countries have a longer and more complex history than moldova and have bigger egos . 
  its like asking americans about canadian history . 
  there is no inherently evil system , there are only men who corrupt good systems . 
  freedom of * individual labor and economic activity * is the basis for a much better system than anything we had previously . 
  is it perfect in its current form ? 
  no , it 's not even equitable or sustainable . 
  but we need to build fairness and sustainability from within , and not rejecting it out of principle and waiting to fall . 
  on the issue of the free market its a phenomenon it exists but is corrupted by government intervention , market manipulation and consumer foolishness , it however is still the only thing that can hurt our corporate overlords , and this is why capitalism is better than anything else , even the strong can fall , which is something that never existed in any system before , previously the only way to change a rulling class was to change the entire system . 
  my assumptions are not made up , they are just based on a model of capitalism behavior : man has money man wants more money man invests man gets returns on his investment it really is n't complicated , and for the most part it 's predictable . 
  my point is that nobody will actually use the land for anything else than agriculture . 
  well you kinda support my point , any form of speculation is based on a limited offer if you liberalize the market under clear , long lasting guidelines you make speculation unlikely . 
  there will still be land owners who have the patience to buy up land for long term speculation , because land is finite , and the median price will inevitably rise ; but its extremely unlikely as there are a lot more investment options which are higher yielding if you want to wait 20 + years . 
   save money on their own budgets one does not simply ... cut military spending when a large part of your economy is based on government defense spending . 
  are there restrictions for what private companies can have under surveillance ? 
  does a government entity need a civil court mandate to view the footage ? 
  orwelian governments do n't switch over suddenly , as a matter of fact every modern day government abused its citizens with the consent of a t least a significant portion of the population and in most cases aprovall . 
  if you think you can make more money by making a housing complex at the edge of a village with 1000 inhabitants then please do . 
  the land `` development '' that is done near major cities is not the issue in this context , the issue is wasted resources all across the country , because of a lack of capital and managerial ability on behalf of `` traditional '' farmers . 
  how about we do n't copy our military strategy after the americans ? 
  how about instead of producing 5 types of tanks that are to expensive for southerners or easterners to buy we produce only one affordable one and cap production on how many we need . 
  how about we stop listening to a foreign agenda that treats us like the enemy ( when it comes to wire taps ) and let go of imperialistic egos and pay for only one peacekeeping army that intervenes regardless of historical dominion and more on the basis of humanitarian interest . 
  how about we stop pointing guns at one another and realise that the next one of us that invades gets the `` polish treatment '' by its neighbours . 
  and lastly do n't listen to david `` potato head '' cameron and let europe and america ( us only ) `` drift '' they have a deeply broken government and we still follow them blindingly , this policy of the american way or the wrong way is deeply troubling and counterproductive . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** we need a united agenda and a single voice on problems of foreign policy more than we need a single army . 
  follow the money , not the hate and truth you 'll find, 
  probably serbia , the only neighbour that got fucked by history as often as us , and they never had a territorial beef with us, 
  how are privately owned cameras any better ? 
  is it that dificult for the authorities to get access to the video ? 
  i did n't say a number i have no idea , but the policy of arbitrary surveillance of public space is n't appealing in my view . 
  yes but paranoid nationalist would prefer it to stay abandoned , rather then be owned by foreigners with actual money and interest of developing that land . 
  thank you xenophobia !, 
  i think the notion of owned lands is medieval , unless there is a valid environmental concern land that is not used in the economic process is wasted capital , in my country there would be a law you use or you lose ( actually get taxed so much you end up liquidated ) . 
  also , the lands and assets that are own by the crown can just as easily be owned by the state . 
   those in power deliberately play them down rather than risking their jobs very good point , the main goal of any system is self-preservation . 
  i do n't doubt that , i was just arguing that there is a continuity, 
  yes you could argue that , but my views differ , if burundi had a revolution and instituted a small scale direct democracy i would instantly advocate renouncing our antiquated form of democracy . 
  just because something is better is reason enough for me to want change . 
  i was merelly using it as an example for how disconected the rulling class ( old fashion torys , modern day conservatives , bank lobbying libertarians ) is to the people . 
  i honestly do n't think people are happy with the legislative branch in any modern day democracy , because parliament is a perfect scapegoat , there are a homogeneous mass of bureaucrats that suffer little to no consequence for their decisions because of `` safety in numbers '' . 
  and because modern day politics is conceived by interest groups , an inefficient corrupt parliament is perfect to dispel culpability . 
  there is a lot more space to the right side of the political spectrum, 
  if you have to ask , we clearly have very different opinions on what a society should be , so common ground will not be reached in any way . 
  the ability of each individual to choose and pursuit a way of life , regardless of sociological , financial or any other discriminative traits and not be condemned or disregarded because of it . 
  i think this modern day conservative propaganda is build upon the last 2 hundred years of tory culture of upper class entitlement ( wich was eradicated in most of europe ) , i personally see a continuity , but this is just a foreign opinion , so i might be wrong . 
  still better than everything else we tried . 
  i was referring to nobility , as in the unelected nature of the superior house . 
  i respect that , political view may differ , what advantages do you see in having a monarchy ? 
  i totally support only partial elections and 10 + year mandates but the fact that you need a nonelected overseer of the rest of the legislative is counter democratic , it reinforced the political concept that a government rules its people rather than represents them . 
  is n't the house of lords your superior house ? 
  like our senate , there for actual law constitutionality and applicability is debated there , so its really important . 
  what problems are you actually referring to ? 
  because the press might be preferential in dealing with scandals regarding lords because of the unpatriotic nature of tarnishing nobility . 
  i actually meant the whole `` appointed representative '' thing with the house of lords , from what i understand you still have 12 bishops representing the church , which is kinda medieval . 
  my bad i meant nobility rather than monarchy but it is kinda the same thing is n't it ? 
  nice observation , using cameras in certain areas makes sense , but when the capital is an `` area '' , you kinda gone overboard with the idea .
