  russia tried to start exporting only by forcing inflation , even germany had a attempt durring the auto crisis in 2006 or 2007 . 
  it does not work . 
  inflation is not a big enough lever to increase expors enough to offset your imports which are much more severly impacted by a weaker currency . 
   switzerland , norway and the uk do much better thanks to their control . 
  the uk is fucked , qe basically signed them up for at least 20 years of constant inflationary pressure they can not get rid of . 
  norway literally has the money to print money and not feel a sting . 
  i ca n't recall why the swiss intervened monetarily but it was a banking issue not a trade issue . 
   a 2 % inflation rate is simply not adapted to our economic structure . 
  why ? 
  economic stagnation is a consequence of lack of vision and developement . 
  european leaders have a long tradition of that . 
  the eu is just a easy target for national politicians to point at . 
  please explain why does deflation bother you ? 
  the political issues of the eu are not for me to argue against , we both want to dismantle the epp and create a real democracy at the european level not a luxembourgian plutocracy powered by national politicians greed . 
  all of europe has a tradition of submiting to us interests , that is the status quo , i would argue that as a united front we stand a better chance of saying no , than as individual members . 
  i know for certainty that my countrymen are to scared to actually have a opinion or say no . 
  again imigration is a national issue that is just passed onto the eu . 
  if you have hard laws nobody will come there to do crimes . 
  your fight is with local liberals . 
  going soft on crime encourages it . 
  blame feminism for demographic stagnation , women happen to have better things to do than have babies in modern societies . 
  also considering how mildly retarded the education system is , we 're better of with imigrant kids that have at least marginal ambition . 
  that is just plain stupid , they get money from taxes and are propped up by local goverments that are payed for by taxes . 
  they want your taxes , a lot of them . 
  i do n't understand that one , how is there a increase in competition and why on earth would that be bad ? 
  what are `` social conditions '' ? 
  there was such an agreement . 
  the only difference between 1989-1991 and the previous revolutions where that the russian military did n't stomp them out . 
  people where disgruntled for more than 40 years , they just happened to try again knowing there would be no consequences . 
  the philipines is a unstable plutocracy where gangs fight each other over power , there are daily political assasination . 
  of course any unstable regime would love us backing . 
  so did china back off ? 
  russia resisted that a lot . 
  in fact if you look at the developement of eastern europe the us has slowly encroached on what russia deemed neutral ground in it 's former vassals . 
  so when ukraine started going pro eu it was just a step to far . 
  you are the second biggest economy due to servicing a european market . 
  having the euro implies both a loss of control ( which is only partial because if you want and foreign commerce or investment you ca n't do whatever you want with your currency anyway ) and some increased stability due to the german fobia of inflation as a consequence you have a much more stable currency than you had previously ( latin governments love to pass up present debt onto future generations with inflationary measures ) you really think you do n't benefit from the being in the eu ? 
    i do n't know what this has to do with iraq . 
  i was talking about russia . 
  ... think about it ... the parallel ca n't be lost on you . 
   and just because that was `` their '' territory decades ago does n't mean shit . 
  if you want a big sphere of influence you need to constantly work to keep it . 
  so the us own us all now , because all the other imperialists where lazy and did n't keep up with an invasion schedule . 
  they have bases everywhere , that is basically part of the plan they made for global dominance . 
  you get in and never leave . 
  for a peace loving country they have a lot of deployed troops . 
  it 's their fucking country . 
  are you saying that no administrative power has the right to exist in iraq unless it 's us approved ? 
  and you went down the paranoia train , yes , we are so envious of you that we bribe european officials to take ally our money and make you poor like us . 
  by that logic nato should not intervene in the middle east . 
  this is a global stage . 
  that is why china 's support was limited , nobody wants a second world war but putin can not back of without a good deal of ukrainian blood and at least a moral victory . 
  absolutely , we are third tier , we just happen to be so insecure that we talk like 5th tier countries , we do n't even complain , we are just happy puppies thankful we get to sleep inside . 
  ( this was generally our strategy all trough history , with a couple of exceptions ), 
  the economic part is irrelevant in the case of autocracies . 
  you sign a law tomorrow that nationalises the gas industry and you give everyone free gas . 
  ( as long as you have it ) . 
  also we need china more than they need us . 
  we live of commerce , they do n't , they just need it to thrive . 
  the slight lean was just a signal that they do n't want war but they will side with russia if the lines are drawn . 
  ( their interest is to not become the only ideologically different major player on the world stage , losing russia will create a very unfortunate context for them ), 
  no it would be like the us occupying a 20 year old texas republic because they wanted to join a trade pact with china . 
  it would definetly be excessive but the us started wars due to less . 
  and yes , currently the only thing that is stopping putin is that beijing would not support him if he went all imperial on eastern europe, 
  sorry i was thinking of the npt . 
  my mistake . 
  i doubt indians would risk their lives for brits and i doubt australians would risk their lives for indians . 
  really , you are arguing a pr spectacle is cultural influence . 
  then great , but keep in mind that in the past year you are on the same plane of interest as spain , denmark and the netherlands and the winter olympics . 
  well yes , you can pick and choose , but i doubt you get to keep the perks without pulling your weight . 
  the us does use economic and diplomatic threats , it bullies it 's allies quite often . 
  china is indeed the biggest issue . 
  but that is not really a good thing , there is nothing more terrifing than a isolated mad man . 
  well it does mean shit . 
  look at iraq . 
  a puppet goverment fell and now the us is on a crusade . 
  geopolitical influence spheres still count . 
  they have a lot of resourses and industries that are exploited by goverment backed monopolies , that is wealth when talking about war . 
  stop trowing ad hominems and actually respond to the issue . 
  china is interested in not increasing the us 's autority , without russia they are very isolated and a prime target for western interests . 
  i mentioned that nukes are only valuable as a deterant strategically but they still count . 
  let me put it this way , there is no place where britain matters where the us does n't dominate . 
  france for better or worse still has some stake in africa . 
  well debatably , the uk is as significant as italy or spain within the eu , but without a land connexion i would argue it is negligible compared to the other 2 . 
  you do have service providers but that is a limited market in the eu due to the language barriers . 
  culturally again , i think globally even india is more relevant , you can argue that you have a masive influence in north america . 
  on the regional level there is n't a unified market so you do n't really compete directly but if you would both germany and france would eclipse you , you would be competing with denmark or belgium . 
  your arrogance far outweighs your actual importance . 
  militaraly you are top class . 
  glad you mentioned the nuclear issue , that is why you have a seat at the security council , not because you matter geopolically . 
  and the commonwealth is all show , just like your queen . 
  sorry , objectively , you are a second grade country even in europe , your mouth is only first rate and we are polite enough to not tell you to shut up . 
  money that would go into buying the excess production . 
  in fact if you look at your exports and consider the amounts of subsidies you would need to pay to compensate those industries for exiting the eu . 
  5 bn is a bargain . 
  that provision is meant to equalise the economic balance , so that our guys can buy more or your crap . 
  as far as i know you export more to the eu than us , so yes , you benefit more from the lack of borders than we do . 
  if you ca n't see past the `` they want us to pay money '' then say so , so i do n't waste my time with you . 
  people do n't get payed by achievements , faux north african imperialism or metrics . 
  your economy is currently making money of the whole of europe , without it you would hit a hard reset , for better or worse we are all in this toghether the older the memebership the more depenedent your country is on the eu , despite the rethoric your politicians push .
