  the eu is a association of ( equal ) countries , yes this makes it inefficient and somewhat useless , but that should be the starting point , upon that we should build . 
  not due away with like they are currently proposing . 
  what links ? 
  also , paneuropeana lists are again undemocratic , a powerfull party can impose ( let 's say ) all swedish representatives on the ideological basis of free internet for all , but after that can vote for a law that requires all finns to always wear hats when in public . 
  that is to `` propose '' which is kinda pointless , a simulacrum of direct democracy if you will , my point was that the citizens of one country should be able to suspend a law that they feel is against their interest ( yes this will lead to local abuses ) but that is why the final judge should be the whole of the european electorate . 
  i fully support absolute integration , i dispise my local politicians and i consider them the principal reason why romania is fucked up as a country , but as long as nations exist , national issues will find a way in supra national politics and people will suffer based on their national identity , if you remove any form of national defence , that abuse will increase immensely . 
  reforming in this climate will lead to the same balance of power , we need national equal equity for things to progress uniformly , not proportional representation . 
  the top 3 countries currently have 32 % stake in the eu parliament , any issues will be heavily influenced by their interest and ideological nuances will be purely symbolic . 
  i do n't want a european union at all cost , and the past crisis and recent eusceptics have scared federalist into going for the quick and easy solution that is undemocratic . 
  my propositions are strictly regarding the parliament : make it representative within measure , every country above 35 milion people gets the same number of emps , ( the same applies to countries between 10 and 35 , 2 and 10 , and 400 000 to 2 ) , make eu poltical parties separate from national parties , make overlapping membership illegal make campainign budgets fixed/per each candidate . 
  establish a way for people ( even within a single country ) to suspend the passing of a certain legislation and ask a eu wide referendum over it . 
  yes , these sound quite crippling , but the purpose is not to make it simple or easy to govern , but rather to make it fair and to make abuse extremely unlikely . 
  yes from comunism to americanism , before we had franchism , at what point did we have romanism ? 
  if you where a average non european imigrant and romania would be in your top 20 countries for living and working for 2-5 years , you are subjective and your ego is clouding your judgement . 
  i could have searched for charts and numbers , but it 's not really worth my time and by the numbers grecce is civilised and governable and northern italians are have more in common with souther italy than the french and austrians . 
  you have internet access and know english , you are in no way average , you should feel misrepresented because you have more in common with a austrian or spaniard than the majority of our country ( beside the ego ) if you would have been nice about my spelling i would have corrected it , and thanked you , now i do n't give a fuck . 
  far right parties have been invented in europe , we had them for as long as we had a representitive system my issue is the reductionist thinking in the less blue color segment of the population , this is bloomberg , i doubt this was directed toward the missisipy farmer . 
  rethoric acts as a filter in most of the world , for americants it becomes a way of thinking , everything you learn is rationalised in such a way that it reinforces your dogmatism . 
  the same issue becomes not only relevant but reinforces your position , for everyone , feminist , libertarian or tea party nutter . 
  there are no neutral subject for you , or matter of fact arguments . 
  to be fair , that is not stupidiy its self righteousness and arrogance over a sensitive ignorant ego . 
  we are a medieval country expedited by the communist in the industrial age , our colture identity and colective mentality is a aftermath of communist propaganda , we do not know how to live , only to survive and even that we do out of reflex because we do n't really have a good reason . 
  we are stupid in any cultural , sociological and political way . 
  sorry if this hurts your ego , but your ego should not be tied to a nationalistic fantasy . 
  we 're actually the ancestors of the romans , 
  well that reminded me how stupid americans are . 
  funny how debt is not the problem but rather the lack of a unified fiscal union is . 
  running a country on debt is unhealthy , but that is the current zeitgeist , politicians simply do n't have the balls to make correct decisions and people are to stupid to demand them , god forbit you could n't affort the new iphone . 
  low tax colection rates , high rates of black economy and political populist measures . 
  how expensive is this ? 
  how many parties are in parliament ? 
  how many turks are there in bulgaria ? 
  is there any other credible oposition ? 
  fuck , i was , american standard , black and singaporean while as countries they guessed only andlosaxon countries . 
  do you speak some different english up there in the north ? 
  i 'm cool with ebonics it makes sense , but singaporean ? 
  wtf ? 
  it 's actually about entry , you just let it in , it 's high competitivity , marketing budget and widespread polical influence does the rest . 
  be ready for the eu to accept significantly more american policies after the situation in ukraine , funny how both the russians ( internaly ) and the americans ( diplomatically ) benefited from that conundrum . 
  under whom ? 
  without a egalitarian fundamental ( every nation is equal ) , it 's basically franco german confederation with a lot of other subordiante eastern and southern states . 
  they had a number of player that where at the peak of their carreer , people get slower , the dutch squad is full of young players so keep an eye otut for them, 
  advertiserst stop giving a fuck , readership could be minimal , they are n't really that crucial , but if advertisers let go , sorry those newspaper outlets will turn to blagging within a week . 
  experience as in something continously stimulating that `` takes you '' out of normal routines , those are also experiences . 
  if there where absolute proof , newspaper owners would have closed up years ago . 
  we currently only have trends , and they are at best predictors for things to come , gen y is absolutely uniterested in dirty paper for anything beside wraping their chips in it . 
  gen x does n't have the time for `` slow news '' and the boomers are diying out . 
  advertisers when given a choice prefer the control over digital or the wide apeal of outdoor . 
  i am a advertiser , i ca n't affort to have a delusional perception of human nature , it is sengificantly more compforting to think bad things happens to `` others '' that everyone around you is trustworthy and at a reasonable level of decency , but the truth is ... ( to pessimistc for you to understand or accept ), 
  they are bleeding badly , i agree , but that is why it was undemocratic to run with a canditate before the election , not they can claim that a majority want junker and without a second term you ca n't argue against it . 
  in the last 10 years the epp has dominated parliamentary elections , there simply have to many members and when they do n't they get some new ones . 
  if there would n't have been this system of nominating candidates , maybe the socialist could have come up with a coalition , or even a centrist reformer coalition led by the liberals and greens . 
  but there was no doubt that the epp would have gained most of the seats ( eventually ), 
  newspapers are not a example of viability . 
  they will ceace to exist within our lifetime . 
  books are experiences , not news the fullfill completely different needs . 
  if long format will compete directly it will loose and disapear , if they change the paradigm and become news sources for outlets they could not only remain relevant but actually prosper . 
  nobody pais for a blog post , you could have the secret to ethernal life and given the choice the will pick the free advice of a momy blogger . 
  no , it 's time , you have `` news '' imdiatly , nobodyd is willing to wait for news , value is n't only in money , it 's also time in effort of reading and comprehension . 
  all those are at a all time minimum . 
  that means you non only ca n't ask people to spend money , you can ask them to spend time , attention or effort . 
  all quality news needs to be sold to estbleshed media outlets because the public simply does n't value it anymore . 
  tailoring is imposible for a cheap product . 
  it is atainable however as a service , and that is what you have with news readers and publication apps on phones . 
  but again , those are effortless , you skim for the headline , because in term the developer of that app is interested in frequency of use rather than conveying a certain message . 
  but that would be a simple popularity contest , the discourse and actual reporting would disapear completely . 
  i operate under the assumption that people are idiots , i try to think of idiot proof systems rather than simple , efficient or utilitarian . 
  you need to detach reporting from the public ( popularity ) , make it stand out and be marketable due to `` newness '' and `` thoughtfulness '' rather than simplicity and interest . 
  curently : german political interest , french demagogy and mediterranean budget balancing . 
  rich people have bodyguards everywhere . 
  civil service ? 
  yes but all those powers are homogeneous in intent , the commission head position just simplified and legitimised that homogeneous direction . 
  they took a imperfect system , neglected the democratic representative issue and made it more effective without actually fixing the deeper issues . 
  i do n't think that would generate as many views as a distribution system trough esteblished media outlets . 
  i think people need to have the news predigested . 
  i want a journalist to be the specialist , and his article should contribute something to the conversation both to the idiot and the academic that reads it . 
  if you force the journalist to give easily digestible tidbits ( blog posts ) then he will go for the easy views and pander , his primary value should be the truth , not the views . 
  also , a political blog would be less popular that a gossip column , why would anyone invest in a political blog ? 
  and more importantly can you trust them if they invest without a monetary interest ? 
   we achieve good governance and thus prosperity in the european union authoritarian states are very well runned and prosperous for the ruling class . 
  this is about pluralism , it 's about making consensus a priority over political agendas . 
  today maybe that agenda has decisions to bring prosperity , tomorow it may be a love letter to spanish industrialists . 
  how is attaching another position to the parliamentary dualism democratic . 
  this is the fundamental debate , should the eu become a supranational government or a technocratic authority driven by national consensus . 
  everything else is subsequent to this issue . 
  but should the presidency be reserved to the the leaders of the main parties ? 
  this was a great opportunity towards pluralism . 
  why not a liberal working with a conservative parliament ? 
  do you think ukraine can afford the new prices ? 
  do you think after all the conflict the ukrainian officials will give in ? 
  it is when the mps are more empowered than actually elected . 
  freelancing is the future , get good juicy news and rent them : you control the message . 
  you are not limited to the outlets policy . 
  nothing is off limits . 
  ( although no one will protect you ), 
  i hate it when the most rational voice in the room is a idiot . 
  but sometimes people are so far up their ass that the ca n't hear the victim cry over the dogmatic war cires realistically there was no doubt the ppe would gather most of the votes , so junker really had no competition . 
  the european election are also a wierd indirect process by themselfs as you vote for local politicians . 
  in romania , 20 milion people only had 3 options , because of political back deals , after the elections they where reduced to two . 
  we 've gone from voting for issues , to voting for people , to voting for people thatyou empower with your vote to support other people and they hopefully will actually represent the voters on the issues .
