  and that also effects the brand 's image ( lg , samsung in 2000s , currently huawei ) . 
  prices will for the most part stick , the only real effect will come when and if the total cost of labor + tax will go up . 
  that is the thing : ubi in the european form will not be greater than the a student salary . 
  what was a 10k salary now will become a 4 k salary , 6 k coming from the state . 
  now there will be a lot of clawing and negotiating over that 4 k with your employer . 
  in the long term it will most likely grow but it will not reach the total wage load the employee currently has ( salary + taxes ) thereforyou can expect average income to singnificantly go down , while minimum income marginaly remain stable or slightly grow above current levels ( it makes better than nothing jobs obsolete unless they get paid better and that simply is n't reasonable for most employees because that would raise costs above their current expenditures . ), 
  the young are very homogeneous . 
  they are a walking talking social justice issue . 
  all your individual motives stem from being to smart and to confident . 
  take the internet away and the self esteem culture and you 'd be gen x ` rs . 
  take the drugs and the guilt free sex and you 'd be boomers , take the peace and prosperity and you 'd be the great generation . 
  no , the ubi is smaller than the any salary so everyone with a job will just get their salray recalculated : a small portion of their income will just be redirected trough the state . 
  the only redistribution will be at the unemployed , all their ( official ) income will come from the state . 
  now , let me make myself clear , speculation with capital is not work and it certainly is n't investment . 
  it is a flaw in a market it should not be protected but banned . 
  there is nothing more protectionist that creating a system for a to big to fail company , that creates volatility in that system due to it 's monopoly and when the volatility reaches a critical point stepping in to save that company . 
  that is not a free market , we never had a free market at the macro level : it was always desined as a crony system where rich guys create value , pay politicians , give some jobs and in term politicians make them comfortable . 
  i hate ubi , i think it fundamentally desensitize young people from actually working . 
  but i think our current social system in unsustainable and growing exponentially . 
  i think trickle down has almost but killed the small business innovation , big companies basically hybridise with the environment , most new companies preferring to work with the big company rather than compete with it , making the whole sector vulnerable and more unstable in the long run . 
  i think poverty is the main factor for crime , now poeple have no fucking idea how to parent and to stop being selfish pricks but a ubi will reduce crime rates exponentially all antisocial behavior being redirected towards political activism like it should be in a developed country . 
   i think part of the answer lies in the fact that mass production may well become obsolete in the future i noticed that futurism is a great argument . 
  i do n't think humanity can survive it personally at least not it 's current form . 
   how about 3d printers , micro-factories etc. 
  how about a future where most products could be produced in your garage or more realistically a local ` community manufacture ' ? 
  i know this may sounds far from now , but this trend has the potential to play a key role in the future . 
  that would be excellent , however we live in a world where first you regulate then you figure our consequences or reasoning . 
   and therefore , a multitude of micro-investment made with the basic income could leverage a whole new macroeconomic model of production . 
  or just be absorbed by already established corporations that pray on the poor and their lack of options , walmart style . 
  i was referring in the strict context of marx and his job of the day concept . 
  definitely most passions are callings , i personally would think that not all passions are worthy of being financed however , but i can definitely appreciate the freedom to pursue it beyond a financial incentive . 
   people who do difficult , dirty jobs would have to be paid more . 
  they would earn more , but fundamentally they would be payed less by the employee , you could even argue that it is a subsidized jobs program . 
  the thing is , i do n't agree with the argument that the employee at subway wo n't do that job if he has food at home , it will still pay better than playing video games all day . 
   a ) not forcing very poor people to constantly have to prove and justify themselves to bureaucrats i do n't think that is the worst part of being poor , i think strugling to live and feeling like you are condemned to struggle for the rest of your life is much more emotionally crushing  i think basic income will also allow both people to demand better quality goods , and allow producers organised in smaller ( and therefore more quality-oriented ) groups to supply them . 
  coming from a developing economy i can confidently say that when you have limited income and supply quality is not a top priority and producers do n't have a problem of taking advantage of this . 
   the places i see a lot of low quality industrial food at the moment are food banks ... 
  i agree , but i do n't think basic income will give much more agency and choice to people , unless you monitor supply very carefully . 
  without specialties and financial incentives for specialists , would we not devolve in the homogeneous mass of plebs ? 
  yes , but in practice , only the people that have no ( official ) income will see a increase in income . 
  therefor only jobs that are in grey areas or outright illegal will be threatened . 
  for the most part people work to pay a morgage or a car not to survive . 
  at this point the idea is just to help people to survive . 
   therefore new suppliers were born ` overnight ' . 
  debatably if it is scalable in a industrialised sector with multiple levels of distribution . 
   on other thing to remember , unless financed by money creation , a basic income does not mean ` more money ( demand ) to everyone ' . 
  for most households , the basic income will be fully ` clawed back ' via taxes , making the net income of the household unchanged . 
  i know , my concerns are at that basic level , just accounting for the demand of those that really need the income . 
   i believe we are now in an overproduction era , not in shortage period . 
  the point is , we are producing more than enough food to feed the planet , more than enough to survivre . 
  i agree , but i have issues with believing that free capital will be effectively transferred into utility to those that need it by connecting to that excess production . 
  you get rid of risk and loan sharks when needs are met . 
  if the added income gets transformed in basic utility , i have no doubt this is the case . 
  but can the supply adapt to the demand if the demand has enough money over night ? 
  i was thinking more along the lines of banks , there was a good increase in average income and a increase in demand of credit after 2000 in romania , and banks jumped on the potential virginal market of the middle class . 
  it took about 13 years for the central bank to regulate the sector and that just made credit expesive in general . 
  you can not save a person from himself or from the company that just steps in to offer him a shitty product because there are no good ones available . 
  i think it would be far less complicated than a revamp of the wage system . 
  it can be argued that being poor is inevitably stigmatising . 
  i was not referring to inflation , that is a macro economic aggregate , i was reffering to the price of bread and rent ordinary people will have to pay and compete to get from suppliers . 
  a seller will ask for the highest price they can get away with . 
  while sharks will come up with low quality offers to take advantage of the unsatisfied demand : cheap housing projects , low quality industrial food or cheap credit . 
  all these can negate and even create more instability than our current policies . 
  it sounds like a great measure from a socialist and even a capitalist point of view , but neither have encouraging track records . 
  why not a negative income tax or a governmental interventionism in basic housing or food industries ? 
  how can you inject more money into economic sectors and not allow all that free money to be absorbed by sharks by jacking prices , nullifying the actual increase in spending power of the individual ? 
  sorry guys , the empire goes on . 
  i have remarkably similar feelings toward my nationality . 
  between the abusive global authority and the local idiotic authority , i 'll take the global overlords . 
   ( all while the usa was encouraging decolonisation ) . 
  all while the us was pursuing replacing our imperialism with their influence, 
  the turks where just the deadbeat mother , you can accuse them of neglect , but the empire taught them how to hate , how to discriminate and how to use violence to impose their values . 
  i know but that is just because daddy used his belt whenever they strayed from what was british and proper . 
  so there is n't a interlinking distribution system all trough moldova ? 
  every city is autonomous . 
  there are no plans , there is only bragging and short term thinking , our politicians ca n't stay on point from one election to another , long term strategies are simply imposible . 
  let 's get one thing straight , we are probably the most inefficient non african country when it comes to consuming our own resources . 
  at this current rate , the whole world will stop using gas by the time we finish our reserves . 
  and you will say , but kicker that is when we should be cashing in , when the demand is great . 
  that is extremely short sighted and primitive way of looking at it . 
  unless you can offer a competitive energy option in terms of volume ( russia gas ) and price ( canada , uranium ) , nobody will buy it . 
  instead of paying 100 milion for 20 % of their needs , it 's just simpler to pay 2 bilion and invest in nuclear or wind and get 80 % and let the rest be settled by the free market . 
  secondly , most big contracts are settled as political hand outs : you scratch my back , i give you some energy . 
  can you honeslty see romanian diplomacy reaching that level of quality in which we initiate a offer rather than just accept the offer of a bigger country ? 
  because i ca n't . 
  no offense england , but you kinda fucked up your middle eastern children , 80 years later and they still need to prove they are the big man . 
  stop the killing england , go over there and tell them you love them and that daddy is proud of them . 
  i seem to notice a trend in overstating just how much energy we have to spare . 
  lega north seems frustrated they are n't the cool right wing kids in europe anymore . 
   but with time the pipe will become longer and thus more gas will be provided . 
  do you undestand how pipes work ? 
  also it 's not as much about distribution but production . 
  our production is still 20th century , we may have the potential to be a local suplier , we are famous for bragging about how whealty our resources are , but we fundamentally do n't have stategy towards that . 
  in fact the austrians have more to say in how to handle our resources than the government . 
  fundamentally like with all things that require strategy our government has as much foresight as a 4 year old . 
  when the pipe opened the word was that we could take on 100 % of moldova 's needs . 
  but that 's what happens when articles need to cater to the public . 
  exchange student or have you actually lived and worked there ? 
  i was refering to protestant culture . 
  you only think you 've done it : seriously if you do n't know what i 'm talking about get on a flight to spain and crash on a couch and make the argument that southerners do n't have life figured out way better than protestant countries .
