  i thought it was the devil to but then i noticed justin bieber with wings and realised it 's a disney theme propaganda poster : team biber vs team miley . 
  just replace the hitler with the stalin and it 's done , freedom and individualism on the one hand and poverty and repression on the other . 
  the gap between our beliefs and conservatives is so large that symbols become useless , a gay couple means equality and freedom for us but state mandated anal sex for them . 
  well at least he 's not a crack-head , `` wink-wink '' toronto . 
  the agency did n't even mentioned the liberal - democrats under the former goverment and most newly opened cases involve either members of pdl or associates from when the pdl was in power . 
  note that i find the new inquiries intriguing not sentencing from cases opened from previous political cycles . 
  but let 's keep this a light hearted discussion and let 's not drag our ideologies in / r/europe, 
  to be fair , it 's more of a denigration agency , as it generally does n't investigate members of the party in power and most case files end up `` leaked '' as propaganda material in the media , so you 're not missing anything really . 
   greece spent most of the 20th century stumbling from one war to another like most of europe  so it 's no wonder there 's some extreme politics in the mix there in my opinion extremism is more related to political discourse than historical context ... but i rather like history and despise nationalism so i 'm probably subjective, 
  ca n't see if op is retarded or trolling ... 
  my bad , i forgot about the bulgarian empires, 
  greeco-roman origins . 
  slavic-ottoman and jewish from 1300 to mid 1800 's . 
  all these are basically irrelevant because a low level of urbanisation did n't alow for much cultural continuity . 
  franco-german modernity and romanticism for the most part defined modern romanian identity . 
  and socialism basically covered it all up with a populist form of nationalism . 
  oak ? 
  really ? 
  and more than songs , dances , food or poetry the eagle and urus are more symbolic , i think op mentioned food and music in case it was something universally acknowledged like czech pilsner or german currywurst, 
  but they do n't identify as germans . 
  how do any of these represent * romania * ? 
  for god sake oak ? 
  actually we have more german settlements that germans ... germany bought most of them from the communists . 
  i feel like i 'm about to cause a international incident , but i 'm actually talking about romanians , the magyars are pretty agravating . 
  and the magyar political party is seen as a bitch and is universally dispised . 
   bffs with hungary well no ... history keeps putting us on different sides of conflicts . 
  and they 're imperialist fantasies are kinda offputting . 
  but we do have a good relation with serbia . 
   one of the richer cultural and historical heritages in europe . 
  why ? 
  i do n't think we 're any more special than the rest of europe . 
  well by that logic you have a lot of austrians, 
  that dozen people read a blog , those thousands whitnessed a twelve year viral marketing campaign . 
  the point is scalable , our civil sociaty is n't based on principles but on trends . 
  the nuts that protested against the electronic health cards claiming they are devil 's work are also `` civil society '', 
  so why continuing the project would be a slap for the ec ? 
  now fraking would be a serious issue , but i think dogs are more important to the protesters , at least until gasland becomes a thing on facebook . 
  what does the ec have to do with it ? 
  pr matters more than the issue itself , this is the result of a 10 + campaign against the problem . 
  sry for the karma hit but generating doubt on stupid ideals is frowned upon by romanian yuppies . 
  i would n't be a problem , i 'll just say i 'm imitating charlie chaplin :d imo these exaggerated sensitivities only make real issues less clear . 
  am i a bigger treat if a wear a chaplin mustache then a skinhead with a swastika tattoo on his face ? 
  concentrating on symbolism diminishes the importance of the hatred and ignorance that made those symbols important . 
  i am ashamed for humanity that racism is accepted as a ideology but a mustache or a word is condemned . 
  connotations make speech complicated , complicated speech creates useless conflicts . 
  i 'm not blaming germany 's aggression on the uk . 
  the style of bargaining with an other country 's autonomy was disrespectful and imperialistic . 
  it was on the same lines the russians went about their foreign policy alldow they only used their neighbours as bargaining chips . 
  the joke about 6 years was good ... the `` slightly uncomfortable '' was just wrong considering germany and britain where ideologically similar ( except for the killing of citizens part ) and britain was n't that effected by the first 2 years of the war . 
  britain actually was quite friendly before 1938 towards germany . 
  austria was slightly uncomfortable , britain was fine . 
  poland , romania , bulgaria , hungary , greece start opposing the franco-german policies and push more social integration and solidarity measures . 
  northern and southern countries are called more and more to arbitrate , increasing their influence . 
  what would a homogeneous eu look like ? 
  ( more than 2 polls of power ), 
  why ? 
  we would be fucked, 
  do we need to change geometry to ? 
  i do n't see late xix century lutherans tolerating catholic rulers . 
  slightly uncomfortable  ) ... you bargained away the chechs and some parts of poland ... if the fascist government would have to start mass deportations to wales for britain to give a shit . 
   if britain as the authoritarian state then god help you yes , although this is probable , your military is not as impressive as it was 2 centuries ago , so i think we 're going to be ok . 
  well i would n't even trade with morocco until they let go of western sahara . 
   cohesive language is translatable , culture not so much ... the major differences in ideology and economic productivity are not language related . 
  you really do n't see the connection between the lse , the rest of london 's finance industry and england macroeconomic performance ? 
  well , in that case , lets leave it at `` throwing words '' because i 'm tired of arguing with you islanders . 
  you are living in an economic utopia and foreigners are wrong . 
  rule britannia !, 
  yes but it 's more a thing of self conservation of the ruling class ... a dictatorship ca n't support more than a couple of hundred bureaucrats while a imperfect democracy can support thousands . 
  no proof here ... just the loss of faith i mentioned previously . 
  it is more and more obvious that people are incapable of self government , and compliance is more natural and comfortable than self determination . 
   which is bound to happen at some point n. korea wo n't be able to keep the outside world out forever i do n't see why ... 
  i kinda lost hope in the resilience of human nature in the fight against oppression . 
  i do n't really think that would be the case , egypt had 2 cultural influences that build dissention in society . 
  the n koreans are to isolated for this , i do n't want to emit verdicts but considering how much they endure , i doubt there is anything they would not tolerate . 
  not if aid is offered unconditionally , maybe bargain for relatives of the people that already escaped . 
  actually your option is china , you give china an ultimatum , he 's your little brother deal with him , or we 'll cut imports be 20 % . 
  but politicians are to afraid of damaging a rotten status quo and people love their iphones and companies love their outsourcing so that 's never gon na happen . 
   north korea is starving because it 's a prison state , and they develop nuclear weapons so they can extort the international community so they can maintain their prison state . 
  yes , but my point was that treats are acceptable as bargaining chips . 
  in the particular case of n. koreea we can analyse , can we ( un ) liberate the people ; china says no ; ok in that case we continue with the aid . 
  case close , the whole we stop they get angry , we give in is just reinforcing the idea that aggression leads to results . 
  i completely agree , he is 670 % % right , he touched all the points , he got me all fired up . 
  now let 's hit the streets and protest something . 
  once we 're there , we 'll figure out the rest . 
  do n't take it to serious , he 's just arguing that old people are n't as ** sexy ** a young people . 
  i agree , i like that you separated the rebels and civilians . 
  after 2 years i think most civilians only want peace and some elections . 
  this would permit the russians to crack down on the radicals . 
   diplomatic relations being stable actually they kinda are , with the passing of time economic projects and trade strengthens and in general diplomatic relations outlast elected politicians . 
  before the war , nobody had a problem with assad he cold have bought german , american or chinese . 
  the main problem with the status quo is that unless a government appears on the news or angers the americans , they are justified to buy anything . 
  saudi arabia can buy drones and equip them with machine guns to `` protect their borders '' and nobody cares . 
  on the other hand north korea is starving and to grab our attention and get humanitarian aid they develop a `` nuclear program '' . 
  dialogue is replaced with threats , pakistan is armed to the teeth with nukes and hate for non-muslims , do we care , no ; because they do n't threaten white guys ( only indians ) . 
  well i could go into details of why a strong financial market basically acts as fertiliser to the economy of a country , by lowering interest rates , fortifying the national currency and generating venture capital segment that finances `` experimental '' ( read as small but dynamic ) . 
  but your main problem is that the non-london economy is at the rate it was in the 90 's . 
  dream on ... 
  nordic : every country that can be referred to as baltic , scandinavian or viking southern : every country with a mediterranean coastline ( including turkey because it 's on middle school maps ) + andorra , san marino and the vatican ( it 's not their fault they 're so small ) western : every country with an atlantic coast line that does n't enter the first 2 categories . 
  + luxembourg and switzerland ( reason : banks ) center : everything else except russia ( reason : [ 40 % ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_russia ) of europe 's land mass is actually in russia ) , i understand that from a western perspective germany is kinda in the middle , but there 's a lot of europe after you leave poland and slovakia eastern : russia and caucasia ( because stalin was european ), 
  you have an atlantic coastline , therefore you 're a western country ... ocean  sea ... it 's math,
