  every revolution has hatefull speech directed at the ruling class . 
  extremism is only the punctuation mark on larger issues , that anger does n't originate with a extreme issue , rather the extremism is a product of many underliing issues . 
  today ? ... traditionally it was the uninformed poor mans anti americanism and anti globalism , because their complaints where n't addressed it morphed into the horrible diplay of darkness we all remember it as . 
  if you actually would listen to these ignorant people you see that their issue is more economical in nature than etnic . 
  racism and xenophobia are cultural shocks . 
  people are distressed when traditional values that they grew up with no longer aplly . 
  ignorant people are people to . 
  fascism is just a political tool for the angry to abuse the rest of the population , and it should be condemned , but again it the hate that powers it has real world causes , and banning expression of that dissent only amplifies the anger . 
  bulgaria prides its self on being equidistant . 
  they secured a pretty sweet energy contract a few years ago and they have a lot of russian investors . 
  romanian has a region of its own that is ethnically different so general acceptance of crimea could set a dangerous precedent . 
  i wish that was be true , but my comment history is proof that even thoughtful comments that interpret issues as grey and do n't try to raise statues for the nominal good guys or condemn the generic bad guys are downvoted to hopefully supress dissent . 
  people do n't like text walls , they like slogans that reinforce their opinion . 
   more edit : this subreddit is worse than russia the internet is that way , full of social justice warriors that are as ruthless and as myopic as those they condemn , fuck them life will teach them how many shades of wrong there are and how pointless being right is, 
  so the only reason this is an issue is because politicians benefit from the uncertainty of the region . 
  give a precise answer in block whether autonomy is acceptable or not ( and give a valid rational argument why ) and move on . 
  letting it hang in a limbo , just excites spirites and makes reactive measures negesary . 
  that is where you miss the point of what civilised means , allowing even the most hateful speech is a mark of a free society . 
  extremist assholes that happen to be members of the ruling party in a neighboring country . 
  reactive diplomacy ftw !, 
  in general no , unless you are anti statist like me . 
  but in this particular case , it is misguided to assume that a dysfunctional system can be trusted over night just because it undertook a change in leadership . 
  giving them the benefit of the doubt when confronted with a grey issue like this , just because there is a more obvious bad guy is highly irrational and dangerous . 
  it is this exact rational that makes western propaganda highly toxic , we do not judge the news individually we just join the band wagon against who is presented as the biggest threat . 
  yes , there where also hundreds of foreign corespondents ready to talk about the latest russian abuse , if a segnificant number of crimeans really would have opposed the occupation , a incident would have happened and i assure you it would have turned into an international uproar . 
  procedurally = local goverment does n't recongnize central goverment , passes to a consultation regarding the regions political status with the electorate , the electorate manifests his wishes . 
  procedurally as in `` by the book '' . 
  that was more than expected , we have fun facts like this turn up all the time after elections . 
  that is the process . 
  again , i am not arguing legitimacy based on the election , my argument is that if 300 000 russians would have `` protected an anti russian region '' after such a heated revolution , there would have been incidents , a lot of them , bloody ones at that . 
   a rhetoric of defending country from russia = that is a overinflamed rhetoric , there was no direct attack and it is nationalistic to assume crimed `` belongs '' to ukraine regardless of what crimeans want . 
   the need for manpower why ? 
  there is n't a war and the only need for greater man power is internally , to bully other pro russian regions like donbas into not following crimea no , the separation was not kiev 's business , they wanted it , probably for the wrong reasons but self determination is a right . 
  romania had them to , it did n't make any difference , what we lacked was easy access to a german market and german capital . 
  political oversight can only only point you in the right direction reforms ( read responsible political class ) and a growing economy push trough and power systemic change . 
  do you understand tenses ? 
  can be abused = / = are being abused, 
  nothing the state does is illegal by definition , unless the law makers are negligent . 
  was there a mass conscription based on a inflamed nationalist rethoric ? 
  then it wasn extremely nationalist in nature . 
  i absolutely agree , but that is precisely why the focus should be on the government not the russians . 
  they are the only ones that have the tools negesary to force reforms , but any system will seek excuses to prevent change and russia is a great distraction that people wold love to blame . 
  the us 's help is worthless , the only practical help is capital via imf , but that comes with to many downsides economically and politically . 
  the best path the goverment can pursue is to stop vilifying russia , use the massive support it has now to reform the government and the constitution and negotiate a clear eu admittance and reform path , that should be agreed upon by all political factions . 
  paramilitary conscription without being in an all out war is extreme . 
  revolutions do not solve systemic issues , they just give the system a chance to reset ( it rarely succeeds ), 
  if 97 % of the population hated the russians than there would have been incidents durring these last weeks when they where de facto ocupied . 
  all beliefs are propagandistic in nature , reality does n't matter the fact is they preferred russia over the new government , regardless of how misinformed their wishes are they are still valid from a democratic point of view . 
  you do n't get to decide what is best for them any more than putin gets to decide what is best for you . 
  i agree the referendum was fast and loose , but it was procedurally correct and in a world with no heroes and happy endings it was the best case scenario i.e. 
  almost no blood spilled . 
  i believe people do not need to obey their goverment , that makes the term occupation a technicality , a subjective one at that . 
  if they prefer russian authority then an anti russian government is against their beliefs so the `` occupation forces '' really are `` protectors '' ( i know this is propaganda but the crimeans think of it as a political fact , and that is the only thing that matters ) , remember they never though of themselves as ukrainians , they where russians until 1991 , ukraine was only an administrative shortcut initially . 
  accept that there are no good guys stop rationalising that the smaller of 2 evils needs to be good judge all sides based on equal expectations what aggression ? 
  yes they muscled into crimea , but that is just because they knew the people wont oppose it . 
  so you think a bunch of civilian brigades is just the slight edge the urkainian military needed to pose a serious threat to the russian military ? 
  sorry , but this is idealism exploited by politicians . 
  and i am worried that these brigades will be used only internally to quench dissent among those who do n't like the current goverment . 
  he said ( 4:50 ) he will join the government , to change the system , but that is another issue entirely . 
  the government is using the political situation to gather immense support that can be abused if we only concentrate on how evil russia is . 
  collegee graduates joining an civilian armed brigade under the goverment ... yeah , i would call it extreme nationalism . 
  of course that was n't the purpose of the video , but the facts remain . 
  ukrainian government is putrid with corruption and incompetence , just changing a figure head wo n't fix everything overnight . 
  the economy has barely progressed in the last 20 years and the industry is highly reliant on russian support and governmental investments . 
  hard times will come . 
  beureaucrats will lie to keep their position , and blame their failures on russian embargos and lack of eu support , this fosters extremism . 
  no , fascists are just militarized extreme nationalists . 
  i do concede that they lack extremism , but a couple of deflections from the government toward external sources and you got that solved . 
  obviously i did . 
  and yes the title is ridiculous on purpose , the government is using idealism and antirussian rhetoric to manipulate revolutionaries , and that is bad . 
  conscription makes you fight for the government not for your country . 
  they have no guarantee this goverment will be any better than yushchenko 's goverment . 
  but their dedicating themselfs blindly to the cause . 
  a part that hates kiev more than moskow . 
  so the occupation part is just a technicality if you think people are obligated to respect the autority of any government . 
  any general conscription is fascist in my book . 
  but apparently you , like a lot of people , ca n't entertain the idea that if you have a bad guy , the guy that opposes him could also be a bad guy . 
  you 're to smart for that . 
  their money is from racketeering , people trafficking and other organised crimes . 
  pick pocketing is a `` individual venture '' just to complement one 's income if the opportunity appears . 
  is anyone surprised ? 
  the alternative was independence , and that is just to much work and uncertainty . 
  because hearing hatefull opinions is literally worst than foreign ocupation, 
  or they might gather traction and overthrow your goverment , extremism is reactionary push against it and it will push back, 
  banning crazy people does n't make them any less crazy , it just nforces their mistrust and makes you the bad guy, 
  i wonder what the results of / r/unitedkingdom would look like ? 
  i do n't think people are smart enough to keep an affair secret , a huge conspirancy is a leap of faith for me . 
  people arent that smart versions : the american economy is reliant on wars to inject capital in the economy via the military sector . 
  2 of your examples are crumbled systems , yes there are diplomatic pushes , but rarely propaganda is sufficient to destabilise a government , and larger states are in general just scavengers over the remains of former crumbled systems . 
  a oil monopoly or a coal reserve is always welcomed especially at the bargain prices following a revolution , when the new leaders are naive and poor . 
  iraq , with political capital junion saw the oportunity to finish what daddy started and get a foot hold in case the saudis grew to ambitious , they needed more of a secural buffer between iran and saudi arabia than anything else . 
   if your theory can be summarized in a few sentences , it 's likely incorrect that is a logical fallacy , my theory is vague and has many plot holes especially hitorically and economically , but its simplicity is its forte , because it is a basic model of every human society ever created . 
  althoug i disagree with marx i agree that my uber simplistic aproach apears as credible as his fauxlosophy . 
  if i had the rigor i would write books not internet comments so excuse my less than academic approach . 
  i agree . 
  societies are complicated , that is why all human theories are biased and wrong , even the mainstream ones . 
  however people are simple in the context of society , they do n't ask for much and in general their actions are limited . 
  no , its actually a huge leap of faith to think of it as a conspiracy , and i 'm not claiming there is a mastermind , just that the lack of fear made them cement their positions . 
  the money is good , the people are chearing , the financial backers are reaping the money , would you try to change it ? 
  no americans are suffering because of it .
