  so this subject is kinda a classic one for young idealist in romania : there is a company that want 's to open a mining operation in a poor part of transylvania ( i think it 's the poorest part ) . 
  the process is kinda sketchy , as the companies shareholders have changed a lot in the last decade . 
  also their policy ( and investments ) are more propagandistic and lobbyist in nature . 
  this may be because despite the fact that there is consensus amongst all parties , after more than a decade we still have no special legislation in place for this to take place . 
  people in the area ( mostly old people ) want cheap and easy money not jobs ( who does n't ) and do n't really give a shit about the environmental aspect . 
  source : all my relatives , from my fathers side still live there . 
  my opinion : the company does n't want to actually invest it wants to resell the land , or the whole company . 
  ( i have a lot of scenarios and considering how incompetent our law makers are they are all plausible . ), 
  the politicians see this project as another `` golden goose '' project , they can milk it for all it 's worth , they take the money , promise legislation , do n't pass legislation because of the political context and wait for the next political cycle to cash in again . 
  and the eco friendly activists have really poor documentary skills . 
  fish eye lenses , really ? 
  and your expect to be taken seriously ? 
  edit : further reading , with less commentary and more facts ( wikipedia facts ) : * [ rosia montana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ro%c8%99ia_montan%c4%83 ) - the region * [ gabriel resources ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gabriel_resources ) - the company, 
  an objective one . 
  thank you . 
   one of the biggest bulgarian minorities abroad live in moldova , we call them bessarabian bulgarians . 
  they have been there for generations . 
  there has been campaign in recent years for ` luring ' them back , and many of them have been given bulgarian passports . 
  really ? 
  how come ? 
  can you offer some background ? 
  i agree however not because their poor , but on cultural standards , bessarabia has been part of romania for half the time it 's been under the russians . 
  yes we are culturally similar , but why does this call for a union ? 
  we have no legitimacy to deny them self governance , if the moldavian people would request the union in large numbers ( 3/4 of the population ) then i would have no problem , but as i 'm sure my trans-prutian counterparts can atest , this is not the case . 
  and so i see this whole `` basarabia ii pamant romanesc '' ( unification slogan ) as a nationalistic overreach , that is shamefull in this age of national emancipations , but in the world of propagandistic history books my opinion is the one that is regarded as heresy . 
  russian military mafia , with a lot of tanks . 
  it was n't personal ~ ~ we just do n't really have a spine ~ ~ we are just very polite , if someone asks for something we give it to them , because no bureaucrat want 's to offend , or , god forbid , loose his paycheck . 
  belarus, 
  try [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3ggfvm29ig ), 
  ha , ha , ha ... no i mean real tangible threats , people do not fear money , they attribute the lack of money to themselves their bosses , or their government . 
  however political or military threats are judged on a reverse scale , firstly the geo-political alliance , then the nation external policies and so on ... a large scale local treat is the only thing that would reasonably make us give up national authority . 
  oh ... that is n't funny , it 's quite depressing , what part of russia have you visited ? 
  greater integration implies giving up some decision power to a central unit of governance , i personally do not see that happening , unless some unexpected event threatens all european states . 
  do you think if the eurozone had a unified banking and fiscal system greece would have become bankrupt ? 
  no , but greek companies and citizens , on the other hand , would n't have not been helped either , or at least not as much as they have been . 
  a danish ( the nationality is less important ) european finance minister would have been okay with several million bankruptcies , a greek finance minister however can not afford this luxury . 
  why ? 
  can you see germans accepting fiscal policies from a frenchman ? 
  or a frenchman accepting social policies from englishman ? 
  i can see your point , for better integration , but that leads to a loss of national autonomy and nobody , not the greeks or the germans want that . 
  i do n't want to offend nobody , but i am against judgment on the basis of past actions . 
   there 's gon na be a small chance for me to get a good life , and even if i do get that life , what 's it gon na be like ? 
  40 hours of work per week and exhaustion ? 
  why is this even a thing since so many of us hate our jobs ? 
  you already found a solution you have brains , you leave the country and get a decent living . 
  that is the only reason a degree is worth anything . 
  that stupid piece of paper is important to a foreign employer , and it 's way cheaper and easier to get here than in the west . 
  it sure sound like you tried to offend , glad you did n't dig up dirt on romania so have an up vote for the danish insult , never heard of it before . 
  dude ... shhh !!, 
  ! ... they have nukes and a functioning army but seriously , i agree they 're bullies , it 's like russian mothers do n't ever hug their children , so they turn into assholes . 
  well it depends on your stance on national autonomy . 
  i find it a bit unreasonable to cry for solidarity but want to keep autonomy when it comes to taxes , social policies and political maneuvers . 
  does `` interstatal cooperation '' = `` economic and political self interest '' ? 
  your government has a problem ( mine to but we did n't fuck up so publicly ... yet ) , you know it , we know it ; we love your beaches , and cheap vacations , you love our tourist money and cheap credit rating , but you systemic problems are just to much , be more german , convince your generation to be more productive , onest ( despite what you see around you ) and let the bad habits die with the older generations . 
   do something about that corruption of yours . 
  more important than taxes and harder to get rid of that aids, 
  well not really , if the internet would have been developed in china , i 'm pretty sure we would have been more communists than libertarians . 
  also although some personality traits have originated in america you will find our ( and your ) values are more universal . 
  yes i like american sitcoms . 
  but i watch british tv shows and anime , to talk about something as flexible and permeable as culture and to give it a nationalistic attribute is kinda narrow minded . 
  i 'm not afraid of the political environment , i 'm afraid of the social environment , the political can only sway moderately from the will of the people . 
  i 'll just leave this [ here ] ( http://eztv.it/ ), 
  competitive companies work with smaller margins , this can make them more vulnerable to system shocks and impede fast recovery . 
  definitely for , but only if they * spend the next 10 years not killing a single protester * resolve the kurdish problem ( not by killing them ) * reach a consensus with greece on cyprus * reach a national consensus to be a modern secular state . 
  ( which i highly doubt will happen in the near future ) . 
  on the upside i think the european part of turkey ( that is on the balkan peninsula is ready to join as soon as possible . ), 
  the virgin blood is strong with this one . 
  he 's like that mistress you dumped when you ran out of money . 
  you enjoyed her company 10 years and now she 's threatening she 'll make the pictures public . 
  yes it is and do n't forget financial deregulations and fast-food . 
  that can also be a problem because this means whoever negotiates lacks the authority of the entire eu . 
   will tax the biggest european earners to redistribute with no trade barrieres what would stop a company to move to the us and be taxes by their rates ? 
   both autarcy and bleeding itself to death with most of the area 's money getting out in fiscal evasion in bermuda triangle under-the-mattress hidden accounts . 
  i would argue that autarky is better for small companies and those dealing in the commercial sector , because with less barriers foreign competition would crush local companies on price alone . 
  the tax loopholes would continue , but this time it will be perfectly legal and transparent , a company can simply move their headquarters to the us . 
   the best way to get a decent deal with the americans is probably to push for one from our side too cause americans are well known for their flexibility and amiability  sell all of our surplus without too much fear to the us , and import massive amounts of extra cheaps good to maintain everyone 's living standards at lowered costs ; despite a rampaging economic crysis . 
  the us has massively more surplus than we have , 2 . 
  those extra cheap goods will slaughter the small companies that wo n't be competitive at those low prices . 
  how is consuming cheaper and worst products maintaining your living standard , is sounds to me like your lowering it with denial . 
  you have n't seen an economic crisis until you see companies with small margins eviscerate your local economy and then when the going gets tough , the can easily pack their bags and get out of your country . 
   t 's less about saving gdp/growth and more to save our entire industry and market from suffocating from a lack of money oh boy . 
  there is no easier way to kill an industry than to alow other companies to come in and disrupt the environment . 
  you have 2 companies , one is backed by wall mart and one is a small shop keeper , your a banker , witch one do you finance ? 
  ( to make money with low risk )  lowering barreers for goods and incoming money would allow us to reach an enormous market abroad no , it will allow the biggest of our companies to reach a bigger market but mostly it would allow them to move their manufacturing to the us , produce subpar products ( reasons in the article ) and sell them with the same european price . 
  ( and no we do n't get more taxes because at this scale the companies can negotiate directly with a government how much it was n't to pay ), 
   having wait lines for anything , like moscow during the cold war . 
  no , that 's not even a remote possibility , in capitalism supply is quite adaptive ( especially if were talking about the free movement of capital and products between greece and the rest of the eu ) , the problem lies with insufficient demand . 
  i propose since it 's friday and there already is a news series on sunday , we make this one : ** reasons journalism is extinct and deserves to be that way ** rules : post must contain a news article from a reputable newspaper , ( no daily mirror or bild or local tabloids ) that is idiotic/retarded . 
  and a news subject you feel is marginalised or covered badly in the media . 
  something along the lines of : [ evenimentul zilei ] ( http://www.evz.ro/index.php ) : in the most read articles category : * [ a seventeen year old hooker steals from her johns ] ( http://www.evz.ro/detalii/stiri/bomba-sexi-era-o-prostituata-hoata-jefuiti-de-o-pustoiaca-de-17-ani-vezi-cum-arata-1053652.html ) meanwhile , our expenditures will surpass budgetary income by about 2 billion euros despite the fact that our current prime-minister announces budgetary restrictions and restructuring at least once a month . 
  of course , we have a structural problem that is twice as old as our prime minister , so i do n't expect much , but is there really no journalist near by to tell him to stop bragging about reform ... 
  that is one way of putting it , my problem is that their a bunch of incompetent bureaucrats that stand for nothing more that getting reelected to a very well paid position that requires little to nothing from them . 
  i would give them the salaries , pensions and expense accounts if they would explain why they deserve them and the `` who else ? '', 
  argument is not valid . 
  you have to deserve an executive position , you do n't just occupy it because it is available and you happen to be a viable option . 
  do any of these political blocks have an agenda or are they just representations of political ideologies diluted enough to accommodate as many parties as possible ? 
  was it in a historical context ? 
  do you know what preceded fascism ? 
  i honestly think for its citizens fascism ( and lets not forget communism ) was a big improvement and structurally it 's more democratic . 
  the problems we associate with authoritarian governments , now , are caused by it 's leaders , that 's what happens when you give a `` human '' the power of a monarch .
