  again china will choose whatever serves it 's interest best . 
  with russia gone they are the next guy in line to serve as the bad guy . 
  you need to understand that this is not about right vs wrong , this is a turf war and you are strictly behind the winner . 
  history looks very different according to who you learned it from . 
  neither is russia , countries learned that vassalisation ( economical , religious or polical ) is preferable for over 800 years now . 
  if a country wants to join the motherland , it can , but nobody is forcing it . 
  china does whatever it can to limit the power of the west . 
  if negesary it will back russia . 
  you do not need wealth when you have a autocracy and your people are some of the most stoic any dictator could ask for . 
  they do n't need to be able to project power on other continents , they are only interested in europe . 
  they do n't want to end the us , they want to send a message that they still matter . 
  realistically they do n't even need nuclear capabilities those are just to have a way to demotivate the west from using it 's nuclear arsenal . 
  nobody forced the us to be imperialistic assholes that polices and arbitrates conflicts they have no justification interfering in either . 
  it 's a political maneuver , both electorates are comprised of assholes that think their countries have the right to interfere in the affairs of foreign countries . 
   so russia fucks over neighbors in exchange for promising to not do something it is n't capable of doing in the first place ? 
  try to make sense . 
  they fucked over ukraine to send a message , they will not be disrespected . 
  what are n't they capable of doing ? 
  why is it a delusion ? 
  the are a very whealthy autoritarian state with a tradition of being agressive , the have china backing them and they have nuclear weapons . 
  do you think all that goes away just because you do n't fear them ? 
  you fear what the media tells you to fear , isis is nothing compared to russia , but the propaganda machine is politically motivated to spur you against a organisation rather than a former superpower , because there are no consequences if you kill them , there is no inherent risk and the number of westerners that can die is limited . 
  do n't be foolish , at the end of the cold war russia backed of if the west promised to not interfere in it 's slice of the third world . 
  cuba , venezuela and ukraine are on it 's side of the geopolitical map . 
  just think how much has the us moved miliary assets in the former neutral zone of eastern europe and south east asia not to mention the established us dominated turkey , iraq and afganistan . 
  this is not about proximity it 's about dancing on the grave of a not quite dead former superpower . 
  what can i say i find knife sharpening quite meditative . 
  that is correct , i break the circlejerk quite often res also has a thing when you can ignore a user , you should try it, 
  thank you !, 
  edit : not all that critical, 
  the system can not afford to promote people that do n't work well within the system . 
  a hippie will not climb up the corporate latter to a position where he is visible enough to be elected as ceo . 
  the same goes with politics , you do not get on the list unless you play nice . 
  i did not say corrupt , just morally void . 
  as in they will not promote massive changes , disruptive changes . 
  most are honest , because most are selfish , stealing would increase their risk gratuitously , that would be irrational . 
  i would argue that the eu 's parliament is non constitutional as long as there are countries and national identities . 
  let 's say romanian and french interest colide , would romanian interest stand a fair chance in parliament ? 
  not really simply because we are n't all that important . 
  from my point of view you either have a union of equal members that means croatia matters just as much as germany or you have a masquerade of democracy where you have first class countries ( france , germany and england ) second class countries ( italy palnd and spain ) and the rest of the plebs that jsut go along for a ride that we hope will never turn oppresive . 
  yes , i think customs , visas and borders do hamper economic relations a great deal . 
  let go of the euro and you might as well buy russian cabbage for a even cheaper rate than the french option . 
  you do understant that that control does nothing good just gives a lot of power over things that should not be regulated in the first place . 
  declining means jack shit when you are the second most important western market . 
  now i agree if you where to split it , it would become irrelevant virtually over night . 
  ( literally the only leverage politicians have over contries it the promise of a unified market , which would mean huge economies of scale in terms of marketing for them . ), 
  as a antistatist , i agree the fastest way to destroy the state is to create a direct democracy . 
  people are stupid , they are needy ego driven children . 
  the germans , one of the most enviromentally conscious political classes scrambled after the greens shit themselves after fukushima and turned against nuclear which is the only green sustainable energy source , people are reactive they are n't capable of making long term decisions objectively . 
  want a flexible and fair rulling class , hold a election and elect the guy that wants it the least and make him supreme ruler for life . 
  ( i 'm somewhat socratic in that sense ) i would argue that as a common member of the same continent they are just as morally inclined . 
  the only reason the eu bureacrats do n't care is that they are n't scared of loosing power . 
  the 2 biggest parties have extensions in all member states and the epp has 50 national parties collecting votes for them . 
  i think you are wrong on that point , you do n't need a person to direct your hate , a symbol is just as good . 
  the real issue is what the politicians that are scared of loosing their seat ( david cameron ) will do with that anger and in what direction will they channel it to . 
  that is where you do n't get it . 
  power structures attract only morally bankrupt people . 
  those that get notices are those that are deluded enough to not care about self preservation . 
  the eu 's biggest economic advantage is not the contracts brokered by nations , but the small contracts that fuel each others economy . 
  the big contracts are safe even in times of war , the average guy is the one that gets screwed over . 
  do you think that that contribution if injected directly in the industry would be able to keep it afloat . 
  you socialists miss a point , it 's not about producing , it 's about selling , and without the eu all that produce would rot away . 
  i think the only safe power structure is that of the city state , due to it 's size any adverce decisio would inevitably effect the ruling class . 
  it is also small and heterogeneous enough to make representative or even direct democracy a viable option . 
  ( but this is a best case scenario , rulers can not be controled by the crowd , they can only be punished by it . ), 
  that being said what makes you think that paris has more consideration for the interest of a person in calais than brussels ( in a absolute form of representative democracy , no mid level bureaucracy in paris to intervene ) ? 
  ohhh , buuurn ... and what does that have to do with anything . 
  if anything romania is one of the most accommodating members of the eu never having conflicting interest never speaking our minds , always playing by the big guys 's rules . 
  and i 'm a antistatist that considers power to be reserved for morally banckrupt rulers and is inevitably abused . 
  france would be nothing without eu contracts and agriculture subsidies . 
  you think socialism is easier with smaller government ? 
  that is why power structures become bigger and bigger , they need their size to bribe their people so they remain in power . 
  as socialism goes , it 's only usefull to keep poor people hoping someone somewhere gives a shit about something bigger than just grabing a seat at the rulers table . 
  and sorry to break the nationalistic bubble , nationalism was only usefull as long as it was required to manipulated the plebs , and motivate them to die to keep you in power now it 's outlived it 's utility . 
  ( for most of the western world ), 
  that 's okay we got germany and england and the easterners are doing well . 
  it 's best you hit your slump now before the fascists gain power , those crazy motherfuckers are capable of suggesting you 're better out of the eu just to distract idiots from real issues . 
  have n't read that one, 
   which is gorgonzola and mascarpone mixed together to form one glorious , heart attack inducing , block of creamy goodness oh , god i got ta try that, 
  you can either patch the current system or reform it at a fundamental level . 
  nobody wants reform , everybody wants cheap and easy solutions . 
  welcome to 21st century macroeconomics . 
  no , like he said , he thought they where in an agreement with the west to not intervene in one another back yard . 
  ukraine is his back yard . 
  that is how empire works : you get everything and you give the colonies just enough to not revolt . 
  britain never came to terms with the fact that it does n't matter anymore , it 's just an eccentric american colony . 
  i would suggest for the opposite referendum : let 's all vote whether to keep the uk in the eu or not . 
  ( ukip funding welcome ), 
  we ca n't even handle modova , what the fuck would we do with kiev ? 
  someone wants to go all revolutionary on some russian ass . 
  welcome to the wild east , it can be much worst . 
  such a good metaphor for our immigration policy . 
  '' ... if they get here , what can you do ; if they interfere with our golf session , now we have a immigration problem '', 
  yes lets invest money in failing uncompetitive industries, 
  still not relevant , there are niche factors like how much comsumer credit credit there is or productivity of labor that are n't taken into acount . 
  you want wellbeing : look at net assets and essential consumables like food . 
  it is rare that a person splurges on food when he has more presing issues ( real or virtual ) , and big asset aquisitions are credit score breaking , very few people can afford to buy obove what they can afford and on the average it levels out . 
  i 'm not referring to independence but the imperialistic manner in which borders where created and enforced more as administrative and political compromises rather than as a consequence of self determination and national interest . 
  iraq is a modern austro-hungary . 
  and by asking iran , turkey or saudi arabia to fight isis is just like asking romania and serbia to fight hungarian nationalists .
