  sry about that , this was more specific to your question of how i see filtering , and my point is that all `` social '' necessities were already provided for , the choice was in the hand of the consumer , all the new framework is : best case scenario pandering to conservative protestants , worst case scenario , preparing the framework and social acceptability for a `` controlled '' internet within the eu , i mean if this works , you got ta be a pedo to want internet freedom , right ?!, 
  my initial comment was in the context of a couple of arguments i had , related to private ownership of security cameras , along the lines : if its in private hands there will be no abuse , and i was sarcastically drawing a parallel . 
  in principle yes , in practice filtering should be done by parents as they see fit , until the child learns to circumvent them , `` like god intended '' . 
  my main issue is the opt out process , the second issue with this filter is that if there was a guarantee that it would be applied only , and i mean only to `` rape + porn '' i still would be fine with it on principle . 
  but adding terms like gay or even terrorism is limiting the access of information gratuitously . 
  also , pm potato head argued that access to the darknet and limiting access to child porn are reasons for the filter . 
  this convinced me that the whole matter is just an excuse for censorship , people do n't google child porn , for a wank , and the filter wo n't stop onion access . 
  the chinese are putting a lot more effort than the brits and there still are ways to conceal tor traffic . 
  oh , and as a tangent to asia censorship , every restriction measure in the last years was `` sold '' to the public as a * moral * necessity . 
  also i find it odd that morality is such a big issue considering the uk has basically no legal framework for pornography , this type of behavior of close everything down : * wo n't reduce the demand for extreme pronography , you just create an incentive to monetize it for pedos that are n't tech savy * wo n't reduce the number of pedophiles , only increase tehir frustration * wo n't limit russian children filmed by albanians within the uk , ... but including words like terrorism will give the government the power to censor news that might contradict the official point of view on sensitive matters , without any scrutiny or explanation . 
  ( also terrorist do n't recruit using the word terrorism ), 
  yes , i actually invented [ the term ] ( http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/innovation.html ) every researcher has the liberty to define his methods , it is the responsibility of his peers to argue against his methodology and the responsibility of the reader to use common sense regarding the results . 
  yes and the fact that there are 84 compiled variables , that is just absurd , there are simply to many to put together any relevant observation , beyond another off the cuff info graphic , great for future references of how important patenting is for innovation . 
  innovation is applied research into products and services , most commonly these are economic in nature , innovation is not abstract , there are common quantifiable variables like productivity , efficiency , returns on investments , quality evaluation and competitiveness that measure it in the private sector , i do not see the need to aggregate so many more elements for a national compiler . 
  first of , saudi arabia , uganda and moldova have a lot of internet users but this has nothing to do with the transfer of academic r&d into increased economic productivity . 
  the element of political stability is basically a racist element that makes western societies `` appear '' statistically superior , technically you ca n't prove a government is more or less stable on `` western variables '' like free speech or political participation , from what i read actually only economic prosperity is a predictor , and that is usually interpreted as a correlation with political stability rather than a precursor . 
  but i digress , this to , is basically unrelated to r&d efficiency and economic output . 
  also if you allow me to put my tin foil hat , happy [ fair use day ] ( http://everybodyslibraries.com/2014/01/01/public-domain-day-2014-the-fight-for-the-public-domain-is-on-now/ ) . 
  this may seem unrelated , until you look and see that this study is compiled by wipo , and hopefully , now you kinda see that the ambiguity of over 100 variables is more propaganda than bad science . 
  most variables in the bloomberg research are precursors to a dynamic economic ecosystem, 
   with minimal argument , a conservative-led government has given private firms permission to decide what websites we may and may not access . 
  ... i had an argument with 2 brits about this `` private system '' apparently companies do n't abuse their power , only governments do , and that is only when it 's in the best interest of its citizens . 
  happy protestant fapping guys !, 
   the gii researchers use 84 data points ranging from political stability to ease of starting a business to the number of wikipedia edits originating there every year . 
  the science made the graf skew toward western europe and high r&d spending per capita countries , and apparently those who have a lot of wikipedia editors , which does n't really make any sense economically , but whatever . 
  [ this one from bloomberg has better math and makes more sense methodologically ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/slideshow/2013-02-01/50-most-innovative-countries.html#slide48 ), 
  great interview , i would like to add that there is one type of speech that is action orientated and despite not being hateful in form it is intentionally promoting hate trough content and that speech is ... conventional media fear mongering . 
  i do not equate individual free speech with public manipulation and instigation . 
  a word , or a speech can never be as harmful as a continuous attitude , we condemn and vilify the first but the second is a common policy that we allow as an acceptable business model . 
  there must have been something lost in translation , that guy ca n't be so delusional . 
  if you absolutely insist to vote for pp then kinda , if you do n't mind the distance there is a german wing of the pp ; but for the short term a vote for the greens is just as good , and there are a few italian g-efa members . 
  that might be closer to home . 
  there is free movement of people so there 's that, 
  not saying it matters that much , but a national poll was compiled in december and it turns out : ( percentage differences compared to 2009 ) s&d : 14 seats 3 more that the present ( + 10 % ) alde : 7 seats compared to 5 ( +5 % ) epp : 6 +2 ( 10 +3 ) ( -24 % ) other non-afiliated parties , 3 seats ( because the current format allows people who believe in pre-roman mysticism to get to vote for unaffiliated candidates , but i ca n't vote for an efa representative or even a ecr , because romanian politics is still a charade organised by communist bureaucrats for an uneducated former single party electorate . 
  i pictured westeros might look like this, 
  in athens only anarchist kept the fascist from rulling the streets . 
  ... and most emigrated to israel the communist killed similar numbers of romanians , i really do n't see that as any less tragic . 
  i do see however the arbitrary nature of the holocaust killings , but it simply does n't make it any more tragic . 
  trough history or only the previous century ? 
  every war on natives driven by european imperialism , so all of the continents really , funny thing some of us celebrate them as victories americans had 2 `` great '' ones to , the west ward expansion , and slavery in the 20th century the only really continentally sized ones are apartheid , aborigines in australia and the cultural revolution in china ... ... and debatably the stolen generation in australia but i pissed enough people of today . 
  your rhetorical pointed out the difference in jewish population between 1930 and the present , i merely remarked that given the vast numbers that emigrated to escape the communists , your point is and overstatement . 
  also am i more responsible for what fascists did over half a century ago than i am for what africans do in the present ? 
  is standing and accepting the current atrocities that different of a crime than the passivity of my great grandparents ? 
  i am truly sorry for what happened , but they do not get or deserve more simpaty than the liberian slaves , the russian intellectuals or our present day north koreans . 
  i 'm sure a lot of europeans would like that type of stress reliever ...  ... we had some horrible leaders trough history :(, 
  really do n't want to compare atrocities , but i ikinda asked for it ... so 20 % of all jews where killed . 
  similar percentages where killed in the rwandan and cambodian genocides , only they took place much more recently and it did n't involve white poeple . 
   how many jews were there in romania [ 1 ] in 1930 ? 
  and how many of them are there now ? 
  i do n't see your point , most romanian jews like jews from all over eastern europe emigrated to israel , as i 'm sure most romans would have liked to if given a chance . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't terrible , i 'm saying i do n't understand why jews need to point it out as a `` jewish tragedy '' and not a human tragedy , like any other human horror is n't even comparable . 
  the continuous resentment is beyond my comprehension . 
  and i beleive fuels modern day antisemitism . 
  i doubt the 98 % that do n't trust a democratic goverment will stand for a fascist one . 
  i wonder what bulgarians think of us ? 
  the rosia montana think was pretty important , it moved a whole generation of progressive into the street . 
  for the first time a whole generation realised there are not alone in their frustration , and that lot of their peers have common sense and share their values . 
  for a few weeks they decided they wo n't stand by and endure the corruption and incompetence of they 're leaders any more . 
  then politics , mass media , a child and a dog happened ... 
  again using my framework , north korea , south sudan , the democratic republic of congo , liberia and myanmar . 
  and the more civil and western oriented india , saudi arabia , pakistan and mexico are not great examples of human rights either but somehow we push that under the rug as national issues . 
   m23 our highways start with a 's but drc is something else , the jungle basically makes the ne of the country impossible to govern . 
  great comment , i i regret only having 1 up-vote to give, 
  you sir are living a anarchist state ready to explode , best of luck, 
  and i heard some news they want to be part of political confederation with burundi and tanzania . 
  really fucked up shit . 
  thank you european colonialism !, 
  i agree and but i tought about naming only post ww2 ones , one of the jewish arguments i encounter is that we lacked a social conscience before the great war and to an extent it 's true . 
  i really do n't like to compare moments of human weakness , because from my pov wars are not only comparable but more disgusting because they are organised human meat grinders that society finds acceptable . 
  another jewish argument i encountered , for all the guilt this time , is that because of they 're acceptance of the nazis and their politics the whole world is guilty . 
  i agree and extend the argument to any form of systematic murder . 
  in this horrible frame of reference , i personally do n't find the holocaust that disheartening . 
  comunism ; harsh conditions brought families together , people made children they did n't really have the time to raise , roles where divided , experiments became common sense , common sense became the norm . 
  this shows people are animated by cliches and egos . 
  well my `` favourites '' are rwanda about a million and cambodia about twice that . 
  and more recent but not as widespread darfur and bosnia , granted the last one was relatively small but at least it 's part of our contemporary history . 
  just ... why ? 
  i mean after the recent `` christian purity '' campaigns you would think russia is on the bottom of an islamic cleaning list . 
  never understood antisemitism , i actually do n't understand bigots in general but antisemites are the most irrational and so last century . 
  never understood why the jewish holocaust is so important and still invokes guilt compared to other more extensive and more recent human indecencies . 
  never understood why free speach is ok as long as its politically corect . 
  ... i do n't understand a lot of things , sorry . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/profile/mazzucato-mariana ... just give some of her articles a read she also has a ted talk about the importance of covering risk for new tech startups its not taxes , its the sheer burden of risk , on new startups , and the focus of governments to maintain old traditional companies despite being uncompetitive on a global level . 
  its not the actual company that generate jobs , but the ecosystem they support , around them . 
  thay also generate a healthy incubation for other future large companies ( silicon valley effect ) , despite unattractive conditions : high labor cost/taxation ( california ) . 
  according to alan greenspan the possibility for shareholders to bail on toxic deals is the reason the financial system lacks any form of measure and self control . 
   there is no reason for us to let them and shareholders lose on the expence of entire nations . 
  this oes for to big to fail banks as well , they should be cut up . 
  kinda confused but i agree , the problem is that modern governments need large banks , most of business2businees liquidy is done through banks and recently financed by them as well . 
  so we kinda have to change the mindset of modern society to accept that for first tier countries 2 % growth is great , and stop looking with envy on other models or emerging markets that get 5 % in a bad year . 
  the problem is we are greedy , and inpatient , and politicians are professional suck ups , they see a big red button that says increased liquidity , increased gdp and increased tax revenue and they press it , regardless of the side-effects along the road ... even if you have a technocrat , the people wont probably back him if his adversaries point out that there 's a button that makes everyone richer and the technocrat does n't use it . 
  i agree that its unacceptable , this is actually the subject of my thesis , markets naturally progress toward monopolies , and when they do reach a critical mass the social pressure they exert through their employees makes any government action objectionable . 
  adding externalities as an opportunity cost will work for some people , but you still ca n't convince a consumer he should pay more for an inferior product because it helps a local ceo . 
   euro-questions sry you lost me ... 
  ok , nordic avenger , here are some points , you can make sense of : * the swedish socialist way of governing is totally incompatible in a fundamental way with the danish principle of freedom , they will never coexist in a single state , even a more unified eu * norway has oil and gas , and lots of it , that is the only reason it is wealthy , they do not have a competitive economy , that is the reason they did n't fully commit to the eu , also i seriously doubt that norwegians would agree to spread the wealth just because of nordic brotherhood * nato and the eu are agreements between countries to work together , what you are implying is to dissolve national autonomies altogether which is very different , although i admire this idea in principle , the islandic crisis and ww2 proved that when times are though its every country for its self , * all 4 of you have a aging population , uncompetitive economy and overlapping industries , lumping you all together would at best increase your well being because of norway 's income but it would n't solve your structural problems , and most overlapping industries would cannibalize each other ^ happy ^ new ^ year !, 
  i thought you meant a single state , unified government , army and economy , such a unity is even beyond scandinavian rationale . 
   sweeden looks like it wants to be a big player in europe . 
  it ca n't expand to neighboring countries like it did in the past but it can attract immigrants.it 's in the top 5 in low density of population in europe.it is in top 5 for area aswell . 
  the way i see it there 's plenty of untapped potential in the natural resources and probably they want to dig into it . 
  and you need manpower and machine power to do that .
