  you do what you can , not what you want . 
  i am not the one that argued animals can be raped because they ca n't protest to an orgasm . 
  that shit is the hilarious part . 
  that is wrong , it implies common core human knowledge is determined by reason . 
  it is not , common sense is defined as a product of reason not majority . 
  blacks have the same emotional needs , will and agency as whites therefor they should be judged by the same standards and submit to the same rules . 
  the deduction makes it common sense , not the number of people that believe it . 
  it 's not , me , it 's our sexual nature . 
  words are not as existing as actions . 
  yes indeed , and that is why outrage trumps common sense or even reason , that is why headlines make opinions and opinions make laws . 
  that is why humans will never evolve above the rank of social animal to that of rational animal . 
  and that is why true emotional connections and love between a woman and her dog are possible and to deny them the chance to be together is prejudice, 
  in a abstract sense it is a punishment : do n't stray to far from a source of water . 
  you ca n't rape a animal  ) it 's not human . 
  you can torment it physically or even emotionally . 
  do you think sucking of a dog causes it more destress than leaving it alone for 8 hours ? 
  either put them both in your arbitrary category and apply your laws fairly or limit what you qualify as animal abuse , so you do n't need to prosecute a majority of animal lovers . 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/common%20sense wrong , it has nothing to do with the judgement of the majority . 
  nah , my goat left my 5 years ago , you could say i never recovered . 
  there is n't really a connection , most people hate me for actually raping my sex slaves . 
   i know you want to believe people abuse them ( that is the headline that makes you feel outrage ) boring cases do n't get published . 
  i would argue that nature has more order than culture , very few arbitrary values are enforced , but nature enforces every one of it 's laws . 
  you do n't get away if you fucked up in the savanah . 
  do you know how unromantic and boring that sounds . 
  god , do n't become a erotica writter . 
  i agree , but to generalise that all interspecies sexual contact is `` hurting '' based on a limited arbitrary human standard like a feminists definition of rape is arrogant . 
   when it comes to sex there just isnt any difference . 
  i agree , but humans have had issues with sex and common sense since we built the first city . 
   if the chick falls asleep before we can get to it then its not just poor tast if i still fuck her . 
  if you take her in your arms , is it assault because she is unconscious ? 
  she did not consent . 
  i do not advocate rape per se , but common sense , and that contravenes some modern beliefs . 
  does a child have a natural purpose intrinsically ? 
  is sentience and agency not his only intrinsic qualities ? 
   feel responsible for protecting those weaker or less intelligent than yourself you do n't feel responsible , you emphasise , but that is a world away from feeling responsability , that comes mostly from peer presure and a social value system . 
  no , culture ca n't be contrary to nature because we ca n't abide by it then . 
  culture more often than not evolves naturally due to unrestricted natural behavior . 
  i actually am not , but thank you . 
  bullshit , with domination you might get simple tricks like standing down , but it will basically break the bear from trusting you to do anything else more complex . 
  domination helps with forming bonds , but it actually creates the precedent that you are fighting so it basically opens violence as a way to comunicate . 
  really , personal attacks , it does because if you went home with a guy to have sex with him and he fucked you it 's not really rape , just poor taste . 
  if you came to durring and protested and he did not stop , then it 's rape . 
  can you get the difference between acting against someones will and without it . 
  you do know that any form of training is based on trust and predicatability , both of which fly out the window when the trainer is violent . 
  there is a difference between farmed animals and trained animals , you need a relationship with the latter . 
  i know you want to believe people abuse them ( that is the headline that makes you feel outrage ) , but in reality , zoo animals and even a lot of pets have a harder life and suffer more from neglect than your average circus bear . 
  it 's just another form of religion , renouncing the hardship and loneliness of individualism for the comfort of crowd knowledge and values . 
  the majority of humans deemed it to be wrong for sub genders of the human species to interbreed . 
  my argument was that laws are pointless to debate because they are made by stupid people based more on prejudice than actual knowledge . 
  no , informed consent was developed way later , we stoped fucking children for cultural reasons way before that . 
  i would argue that you have no natural right to enforce any standard on another human , even the intention is judgemental , arrogant , limiting and entrenches on his free will and his natural right to act upon it . 
  why ? 
  i agree with the sentiment , i even consider zoo 's to be exercises in human arrogance but why draw the line at bears ? 
  i think both cats and dogs should not be bread as human companions . 
  i expanded your idea that if some trainers are brutal , nobody should train bears . 
  not really i do n't like fucking corpses it depends , how did you get there , does she know you . 
  is she there voluntarily ? 
  if you drugged her without her knowing yes . 
  if you found her unconscious on the street , yes . 
  kinda hard to train a animal with beatings and starvation , but please exaggerate , because it makes you feel self righteous . 
  yes , because women can only be raped . 
  if the person you fuck , does not fight back , it 's not rape . 
  if you do not limit her ability to fight back , it 's not rape . 
  if she ( the person ) does not at the very least protest the sexual act , it 's not rape !, 
  some people cut of parts of their dicks . 
  but let 's not go to extremes , removing teeth leads to starvation . 
  also people are horrible to children every day . 
  can you generalise and say that no one should have children ? 
  because society deems it 's wrong , it is an arbitrary standard . 
  i would argue that the children part is debatable and the drunk argument is nonsensical from a moral stand point . 
  but let 's talk real ethics so we do n't just fight like idiots let 's argue maturity as a standard of emotional development , then taking advantage of someone immature could be detrimental to his mental health . 
  but in this case i insist on banning all sex before the age of 24 ( the age where scientists agree the brain finishes developing ) just to be sure , or 8 years in the workforce ( the period of time where income gains stop ) . 
  because age has nothing to do with maturity . 
  that could be a moral standard if you insist on having one based on maturity , otherwise , age is just something to argue and debate for with no objective backing . 
  another idea is power imbalance : here i would argue that young women should be forbidden to sleep with men in general . 
  attractive people should always demand written consent forms and ugly people should carry rape whistles and everytime a attractive person engages them they should blow it . 
  or would classifying people by attractiveness and only allow sex within the same class would be a solution for that ? 
  but then again you 'd still have emotionally needy people taken advantage of . 
  quite a conundrum , i would argue that you ca n't really protect people from abusing each other until after the fact , without heavily restricting their freedom but again age has absolutely nothing to do with it , we just do n't care if they are free or not , because they do n't produce . 
   so please let us not just throw r/worldnews for example on the same pile as r/europe . 
  oh but it is : post a reasonable conservative comment , a moderate prorussian viewpoint ( not argument , just a reasonable position ) and you will see just how circlejerky things are around here . 
  nuclear waste is isignificant compared with steril deposits we produce with the extration of gold , bauxite or fracking . 
  the argument is retarded and unjustifiable in our current zeitgeist . 
  to be fair chernobyl is a better argument that fukushima . 
  human and techical errors are more dangerous that natural cataclism . 
  no , rape is when you are forced to fuck . 
  expanding the definition to include to include pasionate or drunk sex and animals is why modern western feminism is retarded, 
  because informed consent is a retarded concept invented by feminists to infantilise women and vilify male sexuality . 
  if you fuck a horse and he does n't like it , he will kick back , a dog will fight back . 
  if most bestiality would presume bondage and sadism , you would have a point , but currently sociopathic children do more animal cruelty than pervs . 
  that is the fun part , 
   ) we have 97 % ownership and it 's still not enough for some idealists . 
   `` proper '' became intimately connected to `` property '' say what ?? 
  i get the pun , that just failed logic . 
  that is fine , on social issues , but the economy , foreign affairs , social policy and long term developement should not be decided based on crowd sourcing . 
  yeah , sure , it 's always the other guy 's fault . 
  adapt or die guys , it 's really not all that hard . 
  do n't let politicians make you think otherwise . 
  they where the og of europe , always hustling, 
  stop playing the social justice card .
