  well that is exactly the problem , the french ca n't raise their brand value . 
  people ca n't see any reason to buy french or spanish , regarding seat , and not saying the re-branding could n't have been better , but car buyers just do n't trust latin engineering , but our eastern history and low prices convinced them to try slavic engineering and apparently love it . 
  no love for the bratianu familly ? 
  they made us jump from where cuza left us to being a european elite , for the first time in our history . 
  also , eminescu is really a good writer , up there with keats , shelley and schiller , and that is unequaled trough history , and i severely doubt it will ever happen again . 
  definetly 1310 , this is romania, 
  the average romanian learns romanian centric history , where nationalism is a fundamental priciple . 
  and so killing turks and conquering adjacent linguistically identical countries is much more sexy than enforcing constitutional democracy . 
  itt romanians have pride but i 'll go against the tide and say no , we do n't nobody actually does . 
  when the conditions are right you 'll go work for a italian housewife or a welsh granny , it does n't matter . 
  all of this rhetoric is missing facts , the frist wave of imigrants was large because there were a entire segment of upper lower class and low medium incomes that could not integrate into our transitional capitalism . 
  the country needed only cheap workers and shady entrepreneurs . 
  because the environment was more wild west than western eruope , these skilled ( communist education is quite amazing ) did not adapt and to the capital based economy and got unskilled jobs that paid better that their vocational job would have , but still not enough to offer them a decent living . 
  so when the floodgates opened , everyone that had some small degree of competency flocked to italy and spain ( smaller language barrier ( the communist educational system was lacking in that department . ), 
  and either continued with their unskilled job or found a vocational or manufacturing job . 
  this coincided with a export of middle high income programers and engineers that realised the huge difference in wages between romania and the rest of the eu however because of their comprehension of english and/or german they preferred emigrating to northern europe , germany and some the czech republic and hungary . 
  now , back in romania the economy was changing , low skilled jobs were being outsourced , or upgraded , so a lot of people found themselves unemployed , so slowly these people started going westward , the model worked for spain and itally , because the high demand of labor during the holyday season , but not as much for germany and france . 
  so basically there is n't a big demographic sector in need of your jobs right now , and speaking from a demographic point of view , i would worry about that pension fund and how heavy is becomes every year and how unwilling youg brits are to settle down and pay for that social burden . 
   spent on pensions declining natality will bring all humanity together as a brown blob of mismanaged labor . . 
  what is the rehabilitation rate ? 
  if it currently works , then i see no problem in making them liable for their sentence , the article however mentions that they have to pay for their prosecution , which would have unwanted consequences on how rigorous the system actually is , less justice more convictions . 
  pr alert translation : renaul really wants to keep dacia a * romanian * success story , but increased labor costs are to heavy on their balance sheet . 
  whould the romanian government consider this a friendly reminder about the fact that renault has a backup plan in morroco , so something to sweeten the deal would be very welcomed . 
  maybe finishing that connection to the european highway system , if it 's not to much trouble . 
  with our govement , i doubt it . 
  in the auto industry each generation needs to up-sale the next to provide a illusion of progress and give a motivation to buy a new car , dacia was a proven option for the money while the rest of europe still does n't fancy french automakers . 
  well that is a composed and scrupulous title, 
  you 're right , but they are n't really saying no , and the increased of intensity in bilateral relations in the last six months seems to be a compromise given by the lib-dem 's to their electorate , to compensate for the lack of progress on the eu front and the lack of structural reform . 
  this is how government contracts are done , do you think executive positions are so fought over because they get better offices ? 
  do you imagine military obligations toward nato and the eu are instituted so we have a combat ready army , whith the small side effect killing our local military industry ? 
  the whole system is corrupt , in fact its build to work this way unlike other sectors the military industry ca n't function on free market principles . 
  that is how things work in our modern age , people kill one another with the same gun , so go fight the good fight . 
  if turkey takes an active roll in encouraging reunification , maybe , bot as a confederative administration , really decentralised . 
  it could potentially be a interesting political experiment . 
  romania and moldova , is a nationalistic fantasy ( downvote me and move on ) there really are n't any added benefits to a union compared to moldova 's integration in the eu , but ( edit : romanian ) politicians ~ ~ from both sides ~ ~ see the concept as a way to reach a `` new '' electorate , so they milk the subject . 
  the tragic thing is that instead of this non-starter politicians could actually try to set milestones for improving the people 's well being , but that 's nationalism for you , ego stroking the commoner so he does n't feel hungry . 
  shhht ... do n't ask logical questions , they 're to busy fantasising about reunification and giving russia the middle finger, 
  fair point , but when you are dealing with state enforced oligopolies on the carrier side , these alternatives can address only niche markets and therefore , their potential for growth and longevity is hampered by a market aberation . 
  you seem to forget to look at the forest and not concentrate on the trees , we live in a time where markets are mutated by special interests and failure is n't permited . 
  in such flawed conditionts , to advocate non-interventionism to reignite stale markets is retarded . 
  ideology is not a slogan or a catchphrase , it 's a set of principles , you build your argument on those principles on a case by case basis , not repeat the same rhetoric everytime , despite sometimes it opposing , in some cases , the very principles it was based on . 
  calm down everyone , he just said it should be strategic priority , basescu is just a rabid dog , on his last breaths , desperately looking for a political angle to appeal to a disenfranchised electorate , that still dreams of `` great romania '' nothing will take place until moldova enters the eu , and that wo n't happen for some time now . 
  ps wtf is with the drop in quality on / r/europe today it `` s ridiculous , you people really do n't need to upvotes all of this crazy shit ? 
   hear me out when i say this , before you all rage . 
  we do n't do / r/politics some chauvinism from time to time but we love them to . 
   i have noticed that people on this sub-reddit have somewhat given up the pride in their nationality ( not fully , of course ) for pride in the eu just speaking for myself , i have neither nationalism or continentalism feelings , i see the world , as postnationalist , nationalism is only a cultural manipulation used by rulers to convince the poor to die for their interests . 
   much of its population believes that they should join the european union , and not stay as an independent country . 
  a great part of the population believes they deserve a true democracy , a decent wage and human rights in line with the rest of the civilized world , the eu is a symbol , a banner for progress and reform , it is a standard of social justice and transnational equality , like the us was a symbol for freedom and equality of chance . 
   and not stay as an independent country . 
  here you 're just quoting anti-eu propaganda , for not good reason . 
   is it due to power ? 
  a new colonial era ? 
  the only imperialistic power remaining is the us , we rarely invade the national sovereignty of foreign countries ( do n't really have the money , military power or hunger for blood negesary ) . 
  but i 'll disregard that bigoted remark because you said its not malevolent in origin . 
  there are economic advantages to have a free trade area that includes weaker economies ( see nafta and us free trade deals ) but unlike other capitalist superstates we have a bad habit of investing in the developement of those countries so they do n't stay poor for very long , another consideration is strategic security , its easier to defend berlin if you stop the russins in warsaw . 
  more opinions make a better democracy , more inefficient but better overall . 
  there is also the strategic element , we have a big , really big and mean neighbour , think canada , but with alcoholism , therefore to negotiate energy or security measures we need to negotiate as a continent not as a couple of states with different objectives that can be leveraged once against each other . 
  the last aspect is historical if you study late nineteen century diplomacy you will see that the only way europeans could assure we do n't fight one another was by alliances , so the eu is an evolution of that strategic thinking that by change also has some positive externalities . 
  no roaming charges , ... oh wait ... forget it, 
  i ca n't see how , momentarily their system works , if anything when contrasted to the evolution of a conservative `` plutocracy '' like the uk the swedish model proves that equality and prosperity are feasible within a capitalist society despite not having the trade opportunities , industry and financiar power of the uk ; they have a happy population , a well govern country and reduced social disparity . 
  your username does n't sound white ... be carefull , 
   i bet swedes would be in complete denial if i asked them the question and what gives you absolute knowledge so you can pass judgement on their social policies ? 
  momentarily the uk has bigger problems then sweden when it comes to integrating immigrants so do n't point the finger just because you do n't agree with their methods . 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/libertarian?s=t those nationalist cunts are exactly the opposite of libertarians ,, 
  you sir have been excellent , we need more people like you ; fighting the good fight, 
  its better than the consolidated one-party goverment we had with nastase or boc . 
   literally the communist system has anybody busted down your door for complaining about the goverment ? 
  ... then stfu , we are far from perfect , but comparing our imperfect oligarchy with the single party terror government , only shows how blissfully ignorant you are and that you ca n't even imagine how bad it can be , ... so be grateful you little shit for the freedom you have and the progress you so little deserve , but will still benefit from , during your lifetime, 
  we will get there , enjoy the small victories , also , that overlapping was inconceivable 8 years ago , and for better or worst this tug fight between parties did more cleaning up that was done in the previous 15 years , when you had real , hardened politicians that where as tough , ruthless and cold as the moskow streets where they got their security briefings . 
  i believe traditional media has so much overhead they really ca n't afford to be objective and informative , one of the 2 will be fair game . 
  i believe in independent journalism , i believe you ca n't silence the internet ( not yet at least ) and even if you do , someone , somewhere will comment and others will read , to close the floodgates you need a global wide censorship policy and even the most paranoid conspirations ca n't see that happening anytime soon . 
  i believe in small sites that know their audience and gather news from those independents , i believe in opinions rather than news ( which basically are either pr or propaganda ) , i believe in the voice of the many helping individuals to form unique subjective opinions , this process is basically compatible with our primitive way of exchanging information within a tribe , over time if given enough time reason prevails . 
  and when traditional media will be less than a joke with ads for impotence pills , the internet and its audience will step up and lead us into a new world of decentralized information , millions of tribes , with just as many opinions and one identity , one purpose , one will . 
  sounds weird , right , but think about how much accelerated progress the world realised in the last 10-15 years , not only in one country , but tens of countries experienced reform because people knew that they live under different standards and this became unacceptable . 
  democracy is n't linked to resources or industry but on information , once a country has it , its people will either change the government or die trying . 
  100 % agree , but its the best we get and if proven usefull enough they may be much more widely implemented , which is a big step in the right direction , direct legislative power . 
  are you arguing with me or supporting my point ? 
  yes , but people need food , jobs , houses , and so on these massive industries are considered strategic partners to goverments , they employ entire cities , subsidised national dept , maintain commercial equilibrium , if they are exporters , offer educational and reseach grants . 
  cut them out by some administrative magic , so the shock would n't trow us into anarchy instantly and you would at best reset our economy to post industrial age levels . 
  nobody , no matter how idealistic , they are would accept wide spread poverty , unemployment , and national deficits on such large scales that we would have to fight with south america in the global market place . 
  sort of generalising , i know not all vocational careers are made equal but they do kinda inherit pre tech-economy traits that make them a poor choice if large numbers of people try finding a future trough them are n't vocational positions easy to replace by machines that have significantly better efficiency , productivity and reliability ? 
  do n't vocational sectors have an increased specialisation entrance point that makes changing jobs difficult ? 
  are n't industrial positions on the decline for the last 200-300 years ? 
  you can program a machine to weld , but you still need a human to code or engineer that machine ... 
  imposible - because it would require you to basically declare war on entire inustries , nobody has the cohones for something like this in a democracy and global marketplace unfeasible - nobody has any idea of what lies in a post copyright world , china gives us a glimpse but there order is still maintained by tight control of the state , some argue for increased diversity and creativity other warn of the disapereaces of industry standards and guidelines . 
  unrealistic - the abolishment of copyright would open the floodgates of patents , and that aggravates beast like automobile goblins , pharmaceutical giants and energy orcs ... and they have very strong ties with goverment all over europe , on their interests the eu was initially based , they would sooner dismantle us than loose control of their industries . 
  when you 're voting , do n't let your vote be influenced by the bias the question is sugesting , think of the worst interpretation of that option and vote for the one that as the least toxic ramifications . 
  further prescriptions will be built upon it , and those wo n't be in the best interest of the consumers . 
  impossible , unfeasible and unrealistic, 
  but how about this , the 8 wealthiest households hold a contest in which they enter with the most attractive mistress that house has access to , the mistresses compete in a `` dancing with the stars '' type of contest but instead of `` dancing '' they wrestle and instead of `` with the stars '' its in honey, 
   the legitimate prewar governments to return unmolested , and not rearranged the borders and governments of central and eastern europe there where no legitimate governments there where only aproved leaders by the country under whom 's influence you where at that time , some say this never changed . 
  i do n't blame the west , i blame the selfrighteous attitude of always being the good guys . 
  well at first people where frighfull that there will come a great drough and famine with the new year so they used the last days to gather resource and flee to the mountains , or to be with their loved ones . 
  on the night of 31 , the sky burst into flames , people where so frightened that they consumed and drank themselves into a coma , the next morning they found out the apocalypse did not take their souls so they drank , and eat and danced and celebrated with their brethren for 2 days . 
  then there was a work day in witch nobody does anything ( its remarkably common ) and a weekend that people used to recover from all the strains of the battle they had just collectively fought with their gluttony . 
  change happens mr. grupypants , there 's no reason to be afraid of it , it 's all going to be ok . 
  you broke my heart ... 
  how do you measure this ? 
  are there units of measure ? 
  is it just an arbitrary value gathered by comparison ?
