  this is one of the reasons i find liberals off puting , they are a special type of racists . 
  i am not offended by ukip , i am offended by liberals that argue that gypsies are invariably discriminated against , because they are gipsyies . 
  that is the level of political discourse the only difference between mcain and a sjw is that mccains status gives more validity to his crazy from a `` unlabbeled '' poing of view like mine , it 's fundametally at the same level and beyond the rethoric it 's actually the same bigotry : whether you want to bomb them or help them like some mercifull imperialists , it 's still racist . 
  nothing , labels are stupid , ideology is retarded . 
  because rates are political and loopholes are systemic , even if you have political will , politicians have no idea how the system works . 
  the income gap is a consequece of the economy , not the reverse . 
  maybe you should , maybe if the occupy guys would actually talk to people instead of just protesting self righteously maybe there would be some plurality.don ' t worry , you 'll go socialist within the next 30 years ,, 
   the massive giveaway i reference was the tax cuts , not financial bailouts . 
  i know , but the giveaways are meager in coparaison with the tax looholes the system has . 
  it 's more a political issue rather than a real issue . 
  and the bailout revived a profoundly broken system that is unsustainable long term at least not in a healthy way . 
  again , the actual issue was avoided . 
   i miss the 1990 i think the whole world misses them , they where definetly the last time humans where social rational and pragmatic beings . 
  i am a anti liberal minarchists , that is pro immigration , against multiculturalism but antinationalist . 
  you are far from controversial and hated around here . 
  on anything that has to do with russia or the uk i get more downvotes than a homophobe . 
  within 40 years of nationalism at the end of the nineteen century romania moved from a slavic greek ortodox country to a latin country with french and german cultural influence . 
   all it did was turn into a massive giveaway to the rich and increase the debt for no benefit is n't that functionaly the american way always , `` to big to fail '' is as american as it gets . 
  the disparity is a consequence of schizoid policies , not the actual economy : if you give to the poor and help the rich the middle dwindles . 
  but what can you do : the poor have votes , the rich have money . 
   the banking stuff was a necessary evil that disgusts me . 
  again i fundamentally disagree , it was a comfortable evil , people can not sacrifice , neither politicians or the electorate there is no will to say : fuck the next 5 to 10 years , lets fix this shit . 
  of course you can complain . 
  just saying that having a first female president is less important than deconstructing and reforming your goverment from a local level . 
  ( the greatest thing about your country is that you can do that . ), 
   sorry , but no , those old white people that discriminate are not allowed to fuck over `` other '' grou not any more than you can . 
  for you not being able to marry the person you love is immoral , for them paying for your employees birth control is . 
  ( both would be non issues over here , but you like to impose your beliefs into the state , it 's not freedom unless it 's in law )  the gop just feeds fear and hate for votes and it is disgusting . 
  have you seen warren on bill maher ? 
  democrats pander to sjw and idealists and it 's just as disgusting . 
   i prefer attempts at improvements to the `` democrats suck and do nothing '' plan . 
  if it works in the long term , as i said , it 's definetly better than nothing , but the market they created is almost begging for abuse , monopolies and cronyism . 
  but it 's just political smoke and another debatable issue , like most american issues . 
  there is no substance there is only partisanship and rethoric . 
   i am a moderate in the usa , so i 'm ok with presidents being moderate . 
  extremism is bread in centrism . 
   gop is trying to make the country more right wing by pushing so hard to the right . 
  sorry but no , do you honeslty think they want to loose elections and have a crazy agenda and figure heads ? 
  the democrats backed them in a corner . 
  only libertarians managed to escape and jump behind the democrats , the rest are trapped . 
  you mean reaganomics , well it kinda works , but communism kinda works to . 
  jobs are irrelevant if there is no growth , and development comes from massive capital supply . 
  `` suply-nomics '' works great when you have space to grow , because you snowball growt . 
  because the baltic , st peterburg area is the weakest point in the russian defense ( the cheapest way to reach moskow ) . 
  most modern military strategy is about securing your weak points . 
   you do n't need a `` nation '' to have a national identity i think you do , kurds are only a distinct identity because they where marginalised and isolated for about 1000 years ( the ottomans where great at that )  ukraine is a legitimate country just like any other country . 
  i profoundly disagree , countries are arbitrary , you could argue that cultures are distinct but fundamentally they are just as maleable as borders withtin a couple fo generations . 
  oh , you are talking about the thing with those girls , yeah , that was indeed crucial , sectarian violence for 8 years , nobody gives a fuck , school girls in danger , it 's a world wide event . 
  ( again a case of news moving sjw moving goverment policy )  he also was n't truly elected in 2000 which was complete bullshit yes , al gore would have made everything different , seriously , it does n't really matter . 
  both parties are basically centrist when it comes to policies , they just pander to different people . 
  want to actually improve , protest gerrymandering , protest your constitunional court , protest your local goverment , those are the avenues that ruin your system , the president is a figure head a strong and powerfull figure head but fundamentally he has limited power and flexibility on policy . 
  ( again you are going for the shinny issue not the pragmatic aproach ) the tax cut was not all that massive compared with most of your tax loopholes . 
  the economy is not `` fixable '' especially a higly decentrilesd one like the us , the government can only indirectly increase money supply and direct spending ( which bush did with the military ) . 
  econonically he was ok for most of his term . 
  the issue with the financial market is apolitical , it would have happened regardless of who was in charge ( actually the republicans acted very much like liberals after the fact )  social conservatives and old people are fed up with the weed smoking gay liberals , it 's not your country more than it 's theirs , it will be yours in 15 to 30 years , good luck with that . 
   supply-side taxes supporters i do n't know what that is . 
  obamacare is a joke of universal health care ( ok , it 's better than nothing but seriously it 's pathetic ) , i guarantee your that systemically it will be ruined by private insurance companies . 
   gop 's platform the the past few decades is cut taxes and rile people up about gays or blacks or immigrants or whoever that is n't old white guys . 
  because the democrats are so fucking centrist !!!, 
  if warren would run for president i guarantee that 1 . the democrats would loose , by a wide margin 2 . a moderate republican would campaign and win the dems literally pushed the republicans for voters into crazy town and now they ca n't come back because any closer they would be indistiguishable from conservative democrats . 
  have a fucking real socialist run , all the crazies will have no choice but to settle for a george pataky , jon huntman or susan collins . 
  a centrist atheist must be better than a socialist that makes anal sex and acid mandatory . 
   every single alliance becomes essentially null and void yes , that is what the brochure says , but in reality it 's not really accurate . 
  there are degrees of interests and risks . 
  estonia is very important , it is key for a northern russian office , all russian baltic access is very vulnerable due to the baltic states . 
  also a downward push from st petersburg is the easiest way towards moskow ( yes , i am a better military strategist than hitler ), 
  it secceded for 2 years , that is not a national identity . 
  argentina : president is a panderer , first it was with social measures now with nationalism , argentines are kinda racist by nature and the isolationist policy is plumeting the country into poverty ... you see where this mix can go . 
   usa sent forces into nigeria to help things . 
  i know there are un and african peace keeping troops , did not know there are us troops . 
   you are insulting me by saying i only care about isis because i get distracted by shiny objects and saw a video one time and people told me to be mad . 
  sorry about that but you repeat how horrible isis is like they are the anticrist and the world is basically fine . 
  they are nothing special , and they are no different that any saudi , shia or zionist in the region . 
  the only thing special is that there is a lot of western interest for iraq to remain a country ( iran + southern iraq = a shia economic saudi arabia ) and fundamentalist interest to get the west even more involved ( it 's hard to radicalise people against their shia neighbour , but a bombing campaing does wonders for recruitment )  death should n't be celebrated . 
  that shit is fucking barbaric . 
  that is western bias and a pretty recent one , we celebrate war casualities on a routine basis . 
   ut they maintain diplomatic channels and cooler heads prevail for the most part in regards to all three parties . 
  i 'm not worried about china , they are to greedy and all powerfull to get involved in a war ( when the party will dwindle in popularity then you have a point ) . 
  that is the thing i think you miss , war is poliitical propaganda , warmongers need to win elections ( or keep their peoples support ) to , pakistan , israel and russia and now india , are agresive because their leaders campaigned on a agressive agenda . 
  it is very rare that a modern politician warmongers based solely on ego , more often than not it is backed up by a majority of the populations egos . 
  i do n't worry , but in europe , that is a posibility , you grew up with people that seened foreign tanks on the street . 
  ( that is why i hate the militarisation that both my govemernt and this thread are pusshing for , these are offensive capabilities and do jack shit for defense )  that has provided more stability to europe than any other time period in their history i would argue that wealth and trade porvided that , combined with the lack of a imediate threat . 
  it 's easy to not have wars when you have more to loose from war than peace . 
  ( if you give putin a emperor seat and a populace that is content with russias dwindling power he will become a gay loving figure head the likes of elisabeth the second within 3 years )  if anyone invaded your country there would be americans dying in your country defending your cities and towns i very much doubt it , we are n't that important stregically , maybe economicaly , but as long as turkey and poland are safe romania and the balcans are expendable . 
  lossing grecee and serbia is however dangerous because it would give russians acces to the mediteranean , so that is a secondary obective . 
   i 'm disgusted by bush from start to finish especially with iraq , but i do n't view defending allies as imperialistic bush campaigned on neo con principles and pax americana , he enforeced it , obama won a nobel peace prize for fuck sake and he increased covert operations and was horrifing on liberalism internally , significantly worse than bush . 
  i really do n't get exept for the political color why on earth would bush be worse , at the very least you got what you expected . 
   ukraine was invaded by russia and forced into joining russia when ? 
  seriously , history is not interpretable , when did russia invade they where as much allies as iraq was . 
  i am saying that living in their proximity makes having reasonable feeling more difficult that thinking of them as grumpy eastern europeans . 
  there is a risk of russia invading my country , while the change of them walking trough the streets of washington is nonexistent . 
  it is the worst place economically in western europe . 
  all history classes are propagandistic , that is their point , they where created for nationalist propaganda . 
  most historians are very liberal and west leaning so that is what we get . 
   comparing india and pakistan to the barbaric actions of isis is insulting to them . 
  no , i am comparing a first nationalisti / religious war between 2 top tier nations . 
  war is always more horrible that some religious executions , but you are desensitised because we all do it , but if you think about it beyond programing it is a systemic killing program that has the goal to kill enough people to make a politician give up power ( wars between equal are not as easy as a imperialistic occupation ) . 
  the world forgot how brutal a direct clash is . 
  it 's easy to have moral debates about a overwelming force crushing a smaller army , or drones being a perpetual treath to enemies of the state located on the other side of the globe . 
  i am posting because your argument of digust towards isis is retarded , the whole of north koreea is a labor camp , israel has a politicy of etnic clensing and arabs are legaly second class citizens , thailand and nigeria are split in 2 ideologically with no chage for peace and normalcy , argentina is on the bring of going nazi and you are bitching about the newest fetish of western state departments and some youtube videos .
