  this is not democratic , this is downright plutocratic . 
  and more centralised power added to this system is very dangerous . 
  the public sector is a money pitt , the more money you trow at it the more it will take witout actually improving . 
  so is europe ready to put it 's money where it 's anti russian mouth is ? 
  more weapons are not the answer , more reason is . 
  i think the world wo n't get by . 
  you break international agreements and national sovereignty with impunity as it is , a isolated us is really horrifing, 
  i think the dutch will win spains group , and force them to play brasil i do n't see uruguay getting out of england and italy 's group . 
  ( i am a fan of itally so i am really biassed on this one )  belgium , chile , england . 
  i really doubt we 'll get far . 
  absolutely agree and i would add bosnia here too , chile has a almost imposible job . 
  i think belgium will win it 's group , but that will make her play against portugal which is a kind of end game . 
  ( it will be however the first game where portugal will play seriously ) if they do n't muck it up in the group stage ( agaist uruguay and itally ) they will have a easy ride up until the quarter finals , and if they do n't crumble by the pressure they have a change to take hollands place ( all in all it looks really good for england ), 
  better we not stray to far from us interest , the us without european moderation is very dangerous, 
  no they do n't they are a prety shitty team until key players strart to give a shit . 
  i am prety certain that these will be top 4 , maybe argentina can overcome portugal , but the portugeese do n't play fair in the advance stages . 
  it 's irrelevant , but there is no reason for it to not exist . 
  it would actually make a lot of sense if they would become a independent entity and the us would be a simple member . 
  all of the above . 
  yes betting is the flavor , especially in the balanced games . 
  germany will win it , portugal reaches the final , and brasil will take the small final against holland, 
  capitalism , we reduce life to numbers . 
  the model of represion was stalinist , as the population 's discotent grew he just aplied more pressure durring the 80s . 
  independece in regard to foreign policy and diplomacy , internally each country self managed and with the exception of hungary , poland a czechoslovakia did n't realy stray from the soviet model -, 
  define politics for me it is the art of staying in power , the end goal of a politician is to stay in power not actually changing things for the better . 
  also , every system is rigid to change , change is dreadful and the one that tries it will encounter resistance and protest at every turn , after a lot of criticism even the most neutral voter will believe the critics . 
  i would prefer a technocrat because consensus should be more important than actual change at the eu level . 
  it should not become a more distant supranational government . 
  i am an absolute egalitarian , if a man is a asshole he deserves the punch , if the woman is a asshole she deserves the punch . 
  omfg !, 
  that is crazy , i completely agree with the policy but the sexist nuace is horrifing . 
  if anything the prison system is letting the men down and efforts should be made for their rehabilitation , due to the higher rates of reoffence and if we are starting from the presumption of gender equality . 
  never been to prison , but they are more mandatory shelters , compared to the horrible abuses that existed in comunist prisons they are ok . 
  i did notice women inmates doing more city landscaping jobs than men which are in general working on highways . 
  and you could argue that they would be easier jobs , but the differences are just in line with gender preferences . 
  so is it ciclical ? 
  more funding results in lower reoffending rates which in term generates more funding ? 
  or why the difference in financing ? 
  is it really correlated to the percentage of the prison population or are there other factors like rehabilitation rate , smaller chance of being repeat ofendors , fewer female facilieties or just having more kids in care on average ? 
  in general laws have at least some sort of logical pretence ? 
  i think we have a divergent view on the human condition , society is just a facilitator of human interactions , it is not essential and in the long term it is useless . 
  a monarch has no natural legitimacy to impose or expect standards just like any other government for each individuals condition and context determines what is right and what is wrong . 
  that can be inforced my a more tight nit society but the general entroby of society is continously increasing you can not bring the individuality down just because you wish it so . 
  also power will fundamentally be abused the only difference is that within a monarchy the lack of a actual threat or finality will make the abuses less urgent , however a rulling class always takes it 's piece of the pie , morality is just a pretext for seeking power , power by its self is the motive . 
  and even if the rulling class is honorable as it 's interest is in preserving and imporving the country , the people closer to them have other concerns as their position is transitory and like all men our rulers will still be vulnerable to the soft words of a friend , lover or neighbour . 
  the advantage of monarchy on society , all being very anecdotal as monarchies are products of their time rather than actual independent case studies in national organisation , are far outweighed by the problems caused by the frailty of the human spirit ( we are not intrinsically moral and honor is just a myth told to lesser men , that can not really think independently , to aspire to and be on their best behavior , we can not see the future or predict complex outcomes , in short none of us are fit to rule ) combined with the the lack of accountability and permanency . 
  due to the sacrificial nature of election the rotation rate is high , some stay longer others less , but the long term result is that you get an average , not great rulers nor horrible , and if you acount for paradigm shifts and revolutions , then you get representatives that are reasonably in lign with the people they serve . 
  and yes they serve , because only due to consensus they have any power and autority . 
  you think this time european morals will have a longer experation date than after the georgian war ? 
  that is so cute . 
  at best you want it to be a federal authority , that is done by reducing dissent among members not by adding a legislative layer , a arena for new political conflict detached from actual issues . 
  a elected official gives false legitimacy to a supranational identity , and from the point of view of ones competence being elected does n't make you more capable than being anointed by god . 
  from a practical standpoint the elections only legitimised a very powerful position that was almost obviously going to go either to the ppe or s&d . so it fundamentally has done nothing for plurality and massively legitimised centralisation . 
  someone will be pissed if we get back together with russia in 2 years . 
  what is france ? 
  what was the frenchest france trough history ? 
  is it just about colour or religion or both ? 
  are alsacians french , can they be both ? 
  how about a black muslim that was born in liege ? 
  can he be french ? 
  the pope is kinda argentinian , and they are n't 100 % pure white if you know what i mean ? 
  and let 's not get started on the jews , they are pretty white and they even share a holy book with us , dirty little buggers . 
  let talk about this seriously . 
  you have 3 issues , crime rate , slums and culture shock . 
  there is no whiteness , european identity will change with or without colored people , change is inevitable . 
  do you honestly prefer white slums to slums inhabited by non europeans ? 
  do you think you 'll get special treatment because you share a ancestry ? 
  social issues are social issues unchecked imigration just higligths those issues more , but you need to resolve those social issues rather than just misrepresenting the problem as imigration , so you get the racist vote as well . 
  people that cheat and steal are not doing so because they are brown , but because they can ( or rather it 's easier than to work ) . 
  apply the law without racist exceptionalism and the next time they will go somewhere more `` tolerant '' . 
  and no this does n't mean impose a minimum sentence for weed posesion and use that as a hard on crime slogan , actual organised crime , that has victimes . 
  goverments in the eastern block where more repressive in later years than anything in post stalistins russia . 
  they took the model directly from stalin . 
  i did not say they where kind , but unlike western contries , they organised the country acording to their etnic diversity and instead of just nominating them as soviet republics they had a certain degree of autonomy , which was quite progressive . 
  no , but we have our own etnic issue . 
  was there a specific rule that governors can only be russian ? 
  actually the only requirement was that you where a party member , sometimes they promoted local minorities within the party so that a local could govern . 
  they still had local political autonomy which was less than minorities traditionally had in the west . 
  nobody `` creates '' jobs , they are a byproduct of excess capital , imagination and economic opportunities ( demand ) . 
   did anybody think otherwise ? 
   you are as a free nation free to cancel all debt ( it 's not like norway will come after you with their mighty army ) . 
   a first approximation can be done . 
  actually it ca n't be , debts are sold on capital markets , they are packaged into sorted acording to interest , yield and viability in the long term and used as currency for other transactions or colateraal for insurance , riskier deals and long term risk . 
  if they where to disapear , shit would rain on all of us . 
  because , uganda 's debt is like toilet paper in value , it 's wrapped around in special pacheging and used to `` pay parking '' but nobody actually colects . 
  us housing debt was used to `` pay for taxi '' or `` a meal at a restaurant '' and when it disapeared things got bad . 
  a former triple a country 's debt , that is what houses are bough with , you know why nobody believed or cared that the us would default , because everyone that knew finace ( not tv pundits ) knew that if a solution was not invented ( literally ) there would be no finance the next day , literally . 
  those french banks owe a lot more money to a lot of other banks , and so the web of borowing takes down the system . 
  but it 's not about direct ownership , the issue is that a small part of that theoretically secure debt is recycled in the system as `` certain '' and if that disapears over night , the whole foundation trust between huge and stable finacial companies disapears , because you ca n't be sure that somewhere among your many debts owned you do n't have that check that will bounce some day . 
  the state has no choice but to support the pension funds , it 's the political curse of our current system . 
  it is unavoidable . 
   that might sound like a good idea anyway , but not going to leave anyone better off . 
  actually the clear winners will be owners of new debt , old debt is very easy to finance and roll foward in time . 
   to prevent tensions within society early on . 
  i completely disagree , this is a very dangerous argument for policing political thinking . 
  any government can use this to bully opposition arguing they `` create tensions '' . 
  ideology is usually a release valve for dissatisfaction towards a distant and uninterested central authority . 
  if you inhibit its expression you only create extremism . 
  at this scale micromanaging is precisely this , fixing regions because they have a diferent ideological view ( ethnicity , religion , nationalism are just pretexts ), 
  i 'm curious if you understand how fragmented and derivative republican political rethoric is compared to academic economic right wing thinking .
