  i can not unsee croatia germany or norway . 
  very accurate the pigg ass taking a shit . 
  you just blew my mind . 
  is esteros turkey upside down then ? 
  i predict that at least 1/3 will be from the uk . 
  is that `` hot '' spot in transylvania a sign that god loves magyars or does it have a more scientific explication ? 
   should n't invest themselves into something , because external groups tell em to do so , be it society/state or their parents and friends . 
  yeah , but by that logic you let your kid stay at home and play video games . 
  let me make it clear a individual has earned the right to self determine himself once he is autonomous , before that his ideas , beliefs and values are worth jack shit . 
  his parents are responsible exclusively to get him to that point of autonomy , not him , he is to stupid and shielded to realise just how hard life is and how unimportant his `` beliefs '' and `` values '' actually are . 
   even costing the state more than if we were to just hand em a thousand euros a month without conditions attached . 
  college education takes a lot of room and people 's time , translating into money . 
  oh but that is the thing , the state and society does n't give a fuck on economy , because it knows the value of a somewhat capable collage graduate . 
  but i agree , college in it 's modern iteration is pretty useless , you should be enrolled in the army for 2 years of payed service and then go to a trade school of your choice being payed by the money you made in the army . 
   when third parties try to tell the individual what they assume that others might appreciate , in the end , at best it 's well intended guesswor what makes you think that the individual that never worked a day in his life and who values kim kardashian more than his mother know any better what others might appreciate or value ? 
  believing in yourself is bullshit ( like all belief systems it 's detached from relatity and delusional ) , hard work is the only thing that gets you to retirement . 
  we shall see , i expected more from mantle in terms of horse power and more from nvidia in term of stability , the both fucked up . 
  no problem , if anyone followed the thread up until now they deserve a break . 
  like brothers do, 
  i actually am supportive of studying anything up to polinesians gender roles , idgf , just do it as a hobby , do n't expect the state to pay for it , and do n't have the arrogance of expecting society to pay or value you for your insight . 
  oh definetly , i just think the input of a 18 year old , a 42 year old father and 72 year old cat lady are not the same and should not be valued in the same way . 
  the only people that should get to decide on the future of society are people that have children . 
  because that is the only phase of human existence where you are naturally selfless and not ego driven . 
  the rest are only rationalisations and self righteous ego strokes . 
  o do n't think robots will ever decide , there will be a party or even a pro robot religion but the men behind the robot will sthill make the decisions . 
  it 's human nature . 
  i know the point it there you have a real jump in performance but still less hype than in the case of cpus, 
  from a marketing point of view it just seems like gimmicks and stalling tactics . 
  when you compare gpu progress with cpu progress it is a joke . 
  when i hear the term next gen i can not not roll my eyes . 
  maybe a different architecture is interesting from a tech standpoint but from my perspective it is just a chance to reignite pointless hype . 
   and it 's for that we should establish a more direct democracy , if you ask me !, 
  i do not trust people : be it in a position of individual power or colective power . 
  people do not make good decisions and they have huge issues with anticipating problems . 
  but that is where i the guy responsible with marketing at vegan incorporated step in and i offer a more ethical alternative , sligtly expensive of course but when it comes to ethics you are not the type of man that puts money above values . 
  wait for it ... amazon is just a cost eater , once it scales down to monopolistic expenses the other shoe will drop . 
  no , conditioning basic income profesionally will only create more cronyism . 
  that is a one way street to a govermentally subsidiesed work force . 
  i would argue that until you grow up as a productive ( economically , spilling free rime poetry is not productivity ) member of society you should not vote , you should not get healthcare and you should not get your basic needs met . 
  from my point of view a family of imigrants that put in the economy 60 hours of work per week deserves more rights than the same number of social studies majors . 
  why use a competing currency when all the cool kids use cola dollars ? 
  yes , if there are a lot of supliers or supliers are flexible enough to intervene with fair and healthy offers . 
  in practice the free market is not universal , stable or inevitable . 
  it is an ideal state the state should strive for , but we currently expect it to just work and when it fails we renounce the idea and go completely in the other way to full on protectionism ( think of the children and the workers !! ), 
  you assume that people will want to provide labor , they want to make money , if they ca n't they 'll just stay at home and consume . 
   oh ok , it 's the marketers . 
  but why is it the marketers , if they do a good job getting more money to the company that it can then re-invest . 
  i would rather blame the incentive structure in place that leads to ceos to prioritize shareholder dividends , over making an even better product with the money they collect . 
  the business exists to make money , not to advance society . 
  the only reason they invest is because , if there is n't progress people wont buy a new phone , if people do n't buy a new phone their business not only does n't grow they will loose a great deal of estimated income . 
  i do n't know , i think intel is stalling and sweating while distracting the public with low heat low consumption options , while amd just adds more cores hoping the public wo n't see the r&d shortcuts they implement compared to the competition . 
  i think money will stop existing but i think we will sell our souls way before we run out of money . 
  think : each person has licencing deals with 4 to 5 brands . 
  these brands pay for your house , food and entertainment but you need to promote them with everything you do . 
  you will buy food with cola dollars and you will pay electricity with a eon fellowship lifetime-medium consumer pass you registered at your government . 
  ( the government is actually paying for you , while eon is just ranking in the cash and manging issues for the goverment if you encounter any ), 
   i think marketers are adding value . 
  of course , just do n't mistake it with utility or performance . 
  we actually tell people what is better and why it is better : marketing precedes choice . 
  the point is that most utility is created by direct or indirect marketing not actual utility . 
  i agree with the freedom part , i do n't agree that it will indulge a very lethargic gen y that has absolutely no idea what economic value is . 
  and i doubt that the implementation will actually help the poor due to a faulty crony implementations . 
  how about this : free ubi and half work scedule for +40 year olds that have children . 
  it will free up jobs and capital for the young people and it will also make life more livable at a emotional level not just a material one for people that actually deserve the break . 
  how about a general registry for poor people and govermental subsidiesed complete and nutritious meals on sunday . 
  completely voluntary , at least from the point of view of micronutrients it would be healthier than the average weekly american diet . 
   which traditionally has a greatly positive effect on small/medium size companies . 
  which you are told has a effect on small companies , the thing is that most of those are retail , but the power is in distribution and in the last 30 years in production-distribution . 
  the amount of actual consumer choice is insignificant . 
  ( and government regulations played a important part in this ), 
  donations or freemium products exist only due to excess wealth . 
  without bad jobs payd for with excess money , there is no excess wealth , there is no voluntary economy . 
  gen y forgets it exists not despite of capitalism but because of capitalism . 
   there 's always the option to study something that might be interesting to oneself or that might earn a load of money to be spent on pleasantries . 
  unfortunetly nobody will pay you if you only specialised in a field 2 years ago . 
  experts are shaped by years of work , not months of passionate study . 
  ( except on the internet , ther you can get a masters over a political cycle ) i do n't know , there is absolutely 0 motivation for a corporation to keep a petulant monkey at the counter instead of a machine . 
  i 'm not acusing developers , i 'm accusing marketers . 
  you can have amasing tech , but a competitors good marketing will outsell you - also api development is just an effort to squeeze one more generational performance improvement until the technology allows us to make even smaller transistors and pack even more computing power into a processor . 
  i do n't see the efficiency in choosing not to work . 
  living gratuitously . 
  sustainability - 2400 calories / day and living in a adequate environment . 
  - basic needs given those , people will still be motivated to go to work , for cable , for a phone or for some basic cheap form of entertainment . 
  i was reffering to top shelf phones , the tech is build based on cutting endge technology . 
  bottom end devices are just outdated tech rebraded as economy products . 
   though i do n't own a phone . 
  but i 'm interested in the technology side of things , so i see my fair share of price ranges . 
  it all starts with the best product technology has to offer . 
  then you sell it at a price point where you cover r&d costs and some marketing . 
  software designers will create products that will take advantage of new tech and in doing so boosting the demand for your products . 
  after a tech cycle passes , you basically use the same tech/components to make 3-4 slightly better products aldough they are mostly the same and most of the r&d costs goes into design and marketing . 
  when a new technology comes along , you refubish the previous technology as consumer grade tech , the software is already abundant and the hype is alredy build up in the market and basically paid for . 
  at this stage you start making money of that tech , you finance expansion or get profits , this is when 5 % growth turns into actual profits . 
  by this time the assembly line is 5-6 years and now you finish of your payments on it . 
  most marketing costs are neglisable and it 's done by vendors , and you pay for it in cheap phones . 
  after 2 cycles , you are done , the factory is wobly , the market is oversaturated by your products so you get one last edition out , usually an economy product , you go to town on this , and you usually make a killing with them in china , india or africa . 
  you usually finance some next gen r&d with this money , a new assembly line and so on . 
  fuck nature , talking to trees is boring . 
  public opinion is unavoidable , public policiy should not originated in public ( lowest common denominator ) opinion . 
  no , it 's just a govermental buy back program that makes almost no direct money for companies but you can finance a govermental program with it .
