  i 'm not saying they are pruposefully biased ( or defending the ppe ) , i am accusing their local correspondents of naivity and lack of scutiny . 
  also the presidents brother is detained in influence trafficking case , but i could n't find any decent article in english , it 's like english news sources reporting on romania have a political bias towards the president . 
  disclamer , the colors in romania are just as pale ay anywhere else under the sun , the author just has a psychological addiction to color vomit . 
  is your creatioanism diferent that the american pseudo science ? 
  the backlash would come from radical liberals not muslims . 
  as far as i know the fundamentals of islam are significantly different that judeo-christinan genesis . 
  all people that have power abuse it , just that you like how some abuse it or they abuse it in fields you do n't care about . 
  that traffic look awfull, 
  it was a question , i was actually surprised that a european goverment needs to specifically refute creationism . 
  as far as i know outside of the us and some african republics nobody actually takes that `` field '' seriously enough to need to publicly ban it . 
  others are complaining that it was mostly western centric . 
  free schools are a scary concept : state funded privatly owned . 
  unless there is proper oversight they sound like a money pit . 
  actually no , that is the thing , estonia is pretty northern culturally , the other two baltic states are kinda german ( gdr flavor ) , cetral european if you will , alongside poland , the chech republic slovacia , hungary is quite unique but you can still taste austrian imperialism , grecce is more oriental in culture than most of the balcans and slovenia , croatia and montenegro are quite mediteraneean . 
  you spend 8 years in primary school while you spend 80 years in front of ignorant journalists that use cliches to not confuse old people . 
   that would be much better than to just act as if there 's no such thing called ` east ' i agree , pretending there is n't a common past experience linking us is immature and a liberal 's political corectness wet dream . 
  however defining half of the continent just based on that experience is pure ignorance . 
  you are more likely to encouter a christian so it makes sense . 
  cretionism is specifically christian as far as i know . 
  and i seriously doubt they would bad muslim education the backlash would be crippling even government breaking . 
  i do n't think there will be in the near future a petition circulating asking to change a informal name of a region . 
  the video was just arguing that there are more importan and relevant issues that divide europe and maintaining the cultural bias that former socialist countries are `` easterners '' is antiquated . 
  ok , got it , but considering that the curriculum is made by a state commission is n't it redundant to ban it explicitly ? 
  so they still teach religious education but they now have to tell the cildren to not take it literal ? 
  ... so it was in the state curriculum until now ? 
  that is fucking scary just how much americanism spilled over the `` pond '', 
  of course it 's not , territorial waters are about 20 km from the coast and the coast guard usually patrols outside of that and with only 80 km separating them that means american and russian patrols meet pretty often therefor my joke regarding the coast guard . 
  ireland is n't 82 km away . 
  where the boats of the coast guard patrol  ), 
  that does n't sound like something is would n't say about a president , are russians very polite ? 
  so he 's a topic of the day kind of guy . 
  it 's just a label , farage is more experienced at what is to much in your face populism . 
  nationalism is a more sophisticated form of populism . 
  grillo is still at the medieval robin hood stage, 
  is it blue collar ? 
  could you use it uncensored while discusing politics drunk ? 
  my sense of humor is actually sick . 
  but i 'll take it as a compliment anyway , it 's understandable that you only `` enjoy '' dark news but you ca n't stand dark humor . 
  yes , all bullies learn at bully school anything goes until you can cause serious medical injuries . 
  really ? 
  from what i 've heard grillo is all for giving and expanding the social state, 
  so a british libertarian and a italian socialist joined hands . 
  now you could think that they have such powerfull convictions that they put asside their differences to fight the greater evil . 
  or you could see the ideological sham the ep is and realise that ideology is just a tool for pandering to the masses but once they reach a position of power , power is all that matters . 
  that genuinely makes me happy , that generation lacks any gender bias , bullies in my day stuck with their own gender , not anymore everyone is fair game regardless of their genitals . 
  people in power fundamentally only want power . 
  thank you , that is quite enlightening , i have but one up vote to give . 
  you 're too optimistic , the average life expectancy is 74 , they can still use the fox news recipe and milk 7 to 8 political cycles out of them and they will become increasingly more radical and divergent from the new generations . 
  very true , but the anti federalists are basically just pandering politicians to unhappy local nationalists . 
  it 's basically a arbitrary line in the sand he needs to show his electorate so the more radical ukip does n't completely make his party irelevant . 
  there are valid concerns that junker would just increase federalism unilaterally which is a valid complaint as there are underliying issues that would only increase in that case . 
  if our liberals would have stopped being greedy they would have had 6 more, 
  or it shows that all politicians are hipocrites even the more extreme ones , they only have actual values when it comes to pandering before elections . 
  it worked for putin , and over 40 's jaded romanians are not really that different . 
  was the magrivate an actual political entity ? 
  did n't it gain autonomy only after the fusion with the duchy ( which was a autonomous political entity ) ? 
  historians have a strong nationalistic bias , that is true for romania , the us , germany or iraq . 
  oh , i am familiar with it , i just think it 's bullshit . 
  nationalism is just a way for rulers to get the masses to fight in their wars . 
  see modern post napoleonic wars vs medieval warfare , quite a horrible concept . 
  when you talk about prussia , but that prussia originated in the duchy of prussia , which you seem to disregard , you seem fixed in believing that the hre was a direct ancestor to modern day germany , but it really is n't , at best you can think of it as a foundation for the development of the kingdom of austria , but even that is a stretch . 
  if you argue that just because brandenburg was under the control of the emperor that makes the germany a succesor of the hre , that itally is to , at least the northern part . 
  the duchy of prussia had it 's capital in modern day kaliningrad , that is baltic . 
  more technocrat than politician in my view . 
  so location trumps continuity ? 
  in that case any imigrant is german right ? 
  sorry about that but there are a lot of idiots that just reject nuclear because they heard 2 neuron arguments that sound more real than they actually are . 
  and that small amount of waste : 300 kg/year/per power plant is easier to handle and dispose than the byproducts of modern day coal powered plants . 
  and i think if you consider that we do n't currently dispose properly of all the waste produce by a coal power plant , you would see my point why it would actually be safer to have nuclear waste as a biproduct . 
  what made him german ? 
  that he spoke a germanic language or that he lived in ** modern day ** germany . 
  the nation state is just a evolution of past states . 
  now although the hohenzolers where initially electors in brandemburg brandenburg and they actually ruled only in prussia until the ninteen century , which was initially a baltic teutonic state . 
   just stupid while my premise that germany should give back it 's territory to france was very serious . 
  lucky for us , but i did hear something along the lines of pancontinental nationalism : ingnorance united . 
  france is a succesor to the first frank empire , which started out in the territory ocupied by todays germany . 
  germany ( prussia ) started out as a series of teutonic states , which would be in today baltic states . 
  so all germanic tribes are german ancestors ? 
  despite not having a state or a unified culture or identity ? 
  how about the barbarian invadors , are those german to ? 
  how about the conquring swedes , i do n't think you know how chronology works , german is a modern germanic language , not all germanic languages are german dialects , they have the same origins but those origins are not especially german ( modern laguage ) . 
  unlike germany there was more continuity , from that frankish aristocracy to todays france , of course there are etnic variations , people move , and like prussia , history moved that aristocracy more to the west . 
  the idea still remains , france 's rulers owned germany ( otto 1 as ruler of eastern francia and the holy roman empire ) , before the kingdom of brandemburg and the duchy of prussia ( the spiritual precesor of the rulling reichstag ) even existed in what today we call poland . 
  ( so in a way your government was founded by eastern immigrants ), 
  do your research before reciting ignorant rhetoric . 
  97 % of nuclear waste is recyclable , that is deposited un bunkers and have no enviromental impact , it is more reliable and versatile than solar and significantly safer than coal or gas in the long run . 
  i know , that is why i countered with a early medieval joke . 
  so british of them  ), 
  he was king of the franks , he expanded the frank empire , he was more frech than german , in fact those `` germans '' had almost nothing in common with todays germany , while the french can be directly linked to charlemagne as his father pepin was the first ruler of the franks, 
  no , i do n't , because that is bullshit . 
  france could argue that traditionally they owned germany ( charlemagne ) so todays germans are kinda squatting . 
  give it back , you know , for tradition 's sake . 
  is it because of the women ? 
  or the men ? 
  exactly my point , my nationalist countrimen want to reunite with moldova , ai n't nobody got the money for that . 
  why poland ? 
  seriously , modern day germany has as much swedish , dutch , italian and austrian ancestry as prussian , what 's with the polish fetish ? 
  yes , but unless we due away with all national goverments and a estonian is equal in a absolute fashion to a bavarian , national interest are filteres between the supra nationa autority and the people , and in that sense due to a population representation germans are `` more european '' than estonians . 
  mathematics do n't matter , you can have 1 to 100000 in a country and 1 to 100000 in another , votes are what matter , and plurality is not achieved by the precision of mathematics . 
  that is why the council should prevail over the current parliament .
