  as opposed to white bullies that did n't seek revenge in large groups ? 
   they use public transport but never pay for it , and when they use it they speak loud and nobody can stop them [ 1 ] ( sometimes if they are n't too many they will behave ) . 
  this just shows how unenforced laws are in our country , i know of another social group that rarely pay for public transportation are loud and travel in groups : students , do you want them to be reprimanded to ? 
   counter strike and the guys from my team asked me where i am from , and when i told them romania , they assumed i 'm a gipsy and therefor started calling my gipsy . 
  well call the fucking un cause we have a hate crime over here , who would think that online game chats are filled with bigoted language  because they see romas beg and call them romanians . 
  no they do n't they call them gipsies , the news labels them with nationalities , an average westerner can2t tell if a gypsie is speaking slovak or romanian , please stop with the pity party , we have a gipsy problem because we are a fucked up country not the other way around . 
  `` keep your enemies close , and your friends closer '' * keep ... close = [ spy on ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20131024-nsa-france-spying-squarcini-dcri-hollande-ayrault-merkel-usa-obama/ ), 
  normally i would agree , but the french are a lot more sexually progressive . 
  ok the marriege issue is another argument , my concern is the educationoal aspect , has is been amended in some way recently ? 
   gender theory is a buzz word that 's supposed to regroup under the same term a whole spectrum of ideas to allow sweeping generalisations . 
  i 've been on tublr , i know that , but i was wandering if there is a new law in france that motivated this `` outrage '' . 
  well every publisher is guity of this but speaking only from my point of view : i like the economist 's editorials , i find their conservatism quite grounded and just enough to align with my views . 
  and i really hate the wsj , as it was the evangelical scripture that will bring the end of daysi actually only find forbes to be worst on economical bias . 
  i doubt data that comes trough and i have a distinct feeling they are n't the ones `` publishing '' their news . 
  some articles seem to have an agenda . 
  there was only one post about a murder in the last month and and we do n't think pets or animals doing stupid shit is news . 
  its the wsj , aka the rich guy 's vanity fair , as mainstream media gets points for populism , and the internet gets it for social justice porn , they get points by reafiming the beliefs of its readers . 
  - hits * them * . 
  ftfy, 
  so , what is `` gender theory '' ? 
  ( different sources if posible ) why is the state involved in the pre-primary education of children ? 
  psa to all conservative christians out there : * if your blog look 's like it was made in 1998 , nobody will take you seriously , ( people are shallow and hate things for almost no reason at all ) * stop emphasizing things you do n't like with a red font ( it makes me think your ordinary readers are retarded ) , * stop including comentary in paranteses ( like this ) * and please have the decency to quote whole paragraphs , ideas out of context may be misinterpreted , like `` the goverment is turning kids into abortion loving gays , that make jesus cry . '', 
  and i 'm saying that our passivity and lack of cohesion is the only thing that keeps them dormant and divided by faux traditional political camps, 
  it could be worst , look at russia and hungary , at best i can only accuse them of being incompetent , corrupt and lacking long term vision , but that can be said of most modern politicians . 
  when i say ortodoxism , i 'm not referring to the religion per se , but rather the status quo or the cultural pillar and moral reference point it has become . 
  a religion survives trough ages , but actions and judgement are restricted to people present in a position of authority within a certain time frame . 
  most of the priests are former informants that have the moral fiber of grass and after `` the change '' despite their ties with the former government they kept their position and they assured a insecure and naive older populous ( that lived trough the good parts of communism : before 1965 ) the continuity they needed to brave the unpredictable and scary nature of `` capitalism '' ( which they knew as anarchic , dangerous and culturally destructive ) . 
  hows the drug market out there ? 
  any interesting insights . 
  i am far for beeing a enviromentalist as you can posibly be , but  and if the chinese are unhappy with this , why do n't they take us to court ? 
  there is no need to risk a trade war , sounds like nobody really cared about the chinese opposition , but the us is kinda knowned for reacting to commercial threats in a political manner . 
  it was just apolitical gamble that did n't pay of , i would n't read to much into it . 
  people lacked mass media education . 
  ideas spread without proof or validation . 
  the collective intelligence became the law of the land . 
  also , i would make a difference between british and german conservatism and eastern orthodoxy revival and american cultural neo-conservatism the firsts are cultural traditions that have continuity and are quite specific to each country , the latter are reactionary movements built on the fears and ignorance of older generations when confronted with a increasingly liberal environment the do not understand and is incompatible to their world views . 
   democratic engagement in new and unpredictable ways ( nitpicking ) just a thought , your pitch should never contain the word `` unpredictable '' what makes you think you will have acces to the govermental balance sheets ? 
  also you might wan na try this http://www.amnesty.si/ the probably wo n't finance you but maybe they have some job openings the second option is you make a bang , you get some law students to team up with you , and run a psa web app , about parliamentary activity whitin the whole eu . 
  you get in touch with the pirate party or some other big non-profit and make it a european thing , independent ( but verified ) contributors giving a break down and various interpretations of all legislative activity in the eu . 
  you could even start with a subreddit . 
  but find the law students first , people than have a `` voice '' . 
  and good luck changing the world . 
  this will not make money , it will make your nights sleepless , but when/if it works you 'll feel hella ` good . 
  are any romanians actually surprised by this , there is a huge cultural gap between the the internet generation and the stuffy , confused by bright lights and existentialism , over 40 's that dominate every bureaucratic authority in the country . 
  we often believe their passivity to be a form of old school acceptance , in reality they ca n't even imagine how different we are . 
  most of us live in parallel worlds which are morally and culturally on the other side of the planet . 
  we have different problems , different solutions and different lives to live than them . 
  let 's not poke the bear , because nothing unites socialist , racist , religious nutters and liberal democrats faster than the fear of a new generation changing the rules of the reality in which they live . 
  being an atheist is kinda close to being gay ( you keep it to yourself and never be proud of it ) , religiousness is so widely accepted as the norm that any form of non affiliated morality is seen as pretentious and contrarian . 
  sorry to disapoint you mate , but in our part of the world things are more complicated than black or white , well in you 're case ` merica or evil . 
  the us is just a fascist state that is still rich enough to keep it 's citizens happy . 
  how did lukashenko still remained in power , what is special about belorussian politics . 
  it is a internal issue , intervening will only create more hatred between the sides , one of the prorussian camps most powerful arguments was that of nationalism and how proeuropeans want to diminish national sovereignty , i think that any intervention would only feed the hate , unnecessarily . 
  i feel for the ukrainians but internal issues must remain internal , those who support the government are afraid that after only 22 years of independence they will enter another empire . 
  yes they are misguided , but their fear , no matter how irrational is still a valid political view . 
  now may i address the militarily strong , economically rich and politically enlightened countries and the idealist redditors that are citizens of those countries , foreign intervention is never the right choice , the loosing camp will always have a feeling that the winner cheated , and what you are ultimately doing despite having the best of intentions is kicking the political ball down the road . 
  at best , what do you hope for , a ultra progressive ukrainian government , that enacts a lot of reforms that radicalizes it 's opponents.oponents that will come back with a vengeance within 10 years . 
  long term peace is not realized by winning , it is created when both size refuse to fight , because despite their differences they have more to gain by not fighting . 
  market as in the vaccum cleaner market , different markets corespond to difernt models , in this case the market of vaccum cleaners has a distinct set of caracteristics that create this form of grouping . 
  because the vacuum they will sell will be useless . 
  wich is basically fucking consumers over just to gain political capital . 
  the company pays not the consumer , and i already pay a eco tax on buying a car and for each liter of petrol i use . 
  also underpoweere is based on a resonable expectation that if you encounter hill , you will be able to climb them , because previous models could . 
  yes they do but if the market doesn suffer special conditions the consumer notices the difference . 
  and the company ca n't point fingers at the regulation . 
   we consume much more now than in the 00 's the report shows that the level of greenhouse gases fell by 3.3 % in the eu in 2011 , leading to the lowest level of emissions since 1990 ( 18.4 % below 1990 levels ) politiicans whipe themselfs clean by enforcing consumer markets but do n't touch the big consumers . 
  transport is responsible for 21 % of eu greenhouse gas emissions . 
  i would love some sauce with that solutions , state owned and privately managed electrical taxi services , and increase in public transportation options , special school charter busses , eco vouchers given to large companies for free public transport for their employees . 
  worst case scenario it would reduce city traffic by 20-40 % without parents dropping of children at school every morning . 
  but somehow previous generations where suitable for both . 
  yes , taxi and company fleets , they are parked for long periods of time in predictable locations and most routes are easily manageable with current technologies . 
  also being a business asset ensures you do n't get raped by reselling it . 
  in probable cronological order iceland , but their issue is somewhat internal fyrom - but the greeks are pig headed about that one albania , montenegro serbia bosnia and kosovo ( that 's gon na be fun )  * ^ ^ congratiulations , ^ ^ achivement ^ ^ unlocked : ^ ^ pax ^ ^ balcanica * western ukraine , moldova and georgia and then we stop to contemplate if russia is a asshole ally or a silent threat and establish the geopolitical reasoning and purpose behind the eu . 
  yes i went for the shock factor to make you understand how barbaric circumcision is from my point of view . 
   there is no such a religion 3000 years ago there where no abrahamic religion , i do n't see the difference . 
  enlighten me , what is the purpose of a ceremony in which you mutilate ( mutilation or maiming is an act of physical injury that degrades the appearance or function of any living body ) an infant 's sex organ ? 
  you compared a archaic senseless religious mutilation ceremony with a voluntary medical procedure , we really do n't have anything to discuss . 
  you practice your religion freely , but when it comes to submitting a child to a unnecessary medical procedure just because it 's written in a book , i draw the line , after you are the age of 18 you do what you believe god wants you to do with your body . 
  mutilation is worst than rape right ? 
  how about i make a religion where infants need to suck cock , it will clearly lack any consequence and any way you look at it it would be less traumatic than actually cutting skin . 
  if i get enough nut jobs to support my religion does the act become less disgusting ? 
  i tough so . 
  abortion was never a religious obligation , done purely for the enjoyment of others . 
  are you retarded ? 
  the decision to have a abortion is made by an adult that can give proper consent . 
  the person that gets the procedure is the same one responsible for deciding to have it . 
  also it is optional under special circumstances , not obligatory because of a interpretation of an old story . 
   there are thousands of vacuum cleaner producers . 
  there are only a couple of manufacturers that dominate the market examples : romania : http://www.euromonitor.com/vacuum-cleaners-in-romania/report germany : http://www.euromonitor.com/vacuum-cleaners-in-germany/report  if true , then they 'll have a great incentive to improve technology , which is a good thing . 
  no , again their goals are profits unless somebody sells something better at the same price ( cost of technology and eu regulations make this impossible . ), 
  their sales numbers are n't affected , and they wo n't do shit . 
   there 's nothing at all in your links about a limitation of 1l. , just a limitation of co2 exhaust . 
  they can achieve that any way they want . 
  no , they ca n't because it 's nominal , and not relative as in 130 g by year x and not year x will need to have the average dropped by 10 % . 
  to hit that stupid average you nee to sell under powered vehicles . 
  but it 's not the real ecological cost , smaller engines are less reliable because in every day use you force them more often , a car you bought in the 90s ran hundreds of thousands of kilometers , today even a vw will croack a couple of thousand km after it goes out of warranty . 
   lifecycle analyses are heavily dependent on current production practices , and change along with them . 
  for example , as we shift electricity production towards renewables their indirect co2 emissions will also dwindle . 
  but we wo n't that is exactly the problem , we consume much more now than in the 00 's and that is primarely busines , politiicans whipe themselfs clean by enforcing consumer markets but do n't touch the big consumers . 
   you also ca n't lump together various pollution effects on a single scale .
