  now that we are done with sensitivities , i 'll answer seriously : you do not have national identity you only have pride . 
  your history is non existent , you are a teenager culturally . 
  your people lack any form of modesty and are incapable of looking at history from an objective point of view . 
  your country is build on the sweat , tears and blood of those who cannon defend themselves , you have never been a democracy and are the closest example there is to a plutocracy since the roman empire . 
  i 'm guessing you asked to know if you could integrate into the more ethnically pure parts of europe , so i 'll answer , you can , but , like the coloreds you are running away from , you will live and die and white nigger , a peasant from the colonies . 
  i recomend australia or new zeeland . 
  bucharest * - it 's none of your business cluj napoca * - you should mind your own business * i tend to meddle in other peoples business, 
  oh the bearskin hat , military genius, 
  i think it 's a violation of human rights . 
  if there is a war and you kill someone , you are a state enforced murderer , if you die , the state is guilty for second degree murder . 
  we do n't have it , but the simple concept of being incorporated in a government i detest makes me sick . 
  the euro would get a huge boost in importance due to the size of the lse . 
  this would encourage japan and china to consider switching to the euro for international stability and transnational efficiency , yes this would be a issue for the dollar , as a huge volume of dollars is used outisde the us , a lot of that money will return to the us , which can create a very strong inflationary pressure . 
  but nothing the fed ca n't handle . 
  it 's not really that easy , beyond the `` another strong economy '' there is the issue of a imense increase in monetary volume which could have inflationary effects due to the faster monetary speed of the british economy . 
  but it 's going to flat out over time . 
  the issue with greece and spain is productivity relative to the interest rate , money is to cheap for compared to how much people actually produce/add value . 
  this combined with an inefficient and wasteful government that gets easy money and has no interest in being fiscally responsible gives you a social economic puzzle in which the euro is just a piece . 
  i would be against the euro in general without a unified banking system , capital would be to hard to track monitored and controlled . 
  sweden , embrace the social utopia . 
  schadenfreude towards russia and sympathy towards ukraine case . 
  we easterners hate russia because it 's the last historical bully that fucked us all trough history . 
  we invented anguish . 
   what are your thoughts on this ? 
  should governments do something ? 
  can governments do something ? 
  should they wait until the situation is as dire as china or india ? 
  should we just leave it and see what happens ? 
  over a certain level of wealth/education/consumerism / existentialism people stop having babies . 
  so overpopulation in the long term is a a non-issue . 
  no , governments should never intervene in anything , from study to effect it 's a convoluted path managed by idiots . 
  they did in china and every socialist `` utopia '' that ever existed . 
  we wont reach that level , at least without government interventions or a cultural shift . 
  also bangladesh is much more tragic case . 
  yes , please . 
  what are the differences between arabic and islamic ? 
  why wouldn you count it as asian ? 
  to call the remnants of traditional africanism distinct cultures would undermine the cultural genocide we did during the colonial age . 
  you could separate them by west african , central african , saharian and south african , but that is forced because they currently have more european traits in common than distinguish them . 
  islamic = / arabic ?? 
  am i missing something ? 
  also it 's oringin is in asia so i already accounted for it subsaharian is arguably individual cultures , colonialism erased anything valuable and the post-colonial cultural shock never really subsided . 
  i do n't know of a african country tha is not defined as reactionary to a european influence . 
  thank you , have an internet beer , my treat :d, 
  if you 're white you can blend in fairly easy . 
  but this is n't a european thing , it 's a asian thing . 
  jk  acceptance and integration are 2 different things . 
  an american expat could struggle for tens of years to meld into the local culture that accepted him from the start as a odity . 
  an educated iraqy may be a doctor and a pillar of his community and still be viewed as a non-national by some `` standards '' . 
  excellent , i think / r/mapporn would also like it, 
  maybe quebec . 
  the us is more of a extension of english culture , but if you go that far , the only non-european cultures would be the asian ones . 
  why is n't there a distinction between immigration policy and vagrancy ? 
  nationality should not be an issue for beggars , rapist and thieves , if people have no income , pass an anti-vagrancy law and do n't use positive discrimination when it comes to crime . 
  problem solved , the racists wo n't have bad examples to complain about and the liberals will get diversity through educated immigrants seeking an honest life . 
  honest immigrants will be more peaceful and wo n't have to be ashamed of the bad apples , and criminals will learn that crime does n't pay . 
  it 's literally a win-win-win-win ; i really do n't see the problem . 
  how dare you sir ? 
  this is europe , we will have written words even after the zombie apocalypse . 
  but seriously it 's faster , more convenient , and i find it helps you tink . 
  any religios conexion or is it only a nationalist movement ? 
   re trying to bring back the nomadic culture of the `` mighty magyar tribe '' including the shamanism , the old hungarian alphabet and such . 
  i am so sorry , i had no idea it 's that bad . 
  do average hungarians support it or just accept it ? 
  ( average hungarians as in not racist delusional bigots ), 
  [ c'est arriv\u00e9 pr\u00e8s de chez vous ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103905/ ) - probably the only film shot in a handheld style i do n't hate, 
   the internet , remarkably , . . no need to get snarky , we 're just talking `` men and women do have lots of brain areas that are the same , '' geary tells webmd . 
  moreover , members of both sexes excel at skills that are commonly labeled gender specific . 
  `` all of these things have overlapping distributions . 
  there are many women with better-than-average spatial skills , and men with good writing skills . 
  and considering the uneven distribution of male to female writers ( one of my gender anguishes ) , you kinda start to wonder maybe biology is n't a defining factor . 
   gender actually has a fairly large hand in how a child develops on a biological level . 
  and i thought my penis appeared spontaneously and by magic , but seriously nobody is denying the biological difference but biological diversity overrides in practice that aspect . 
  if the worst man still had better spacial awareness than the average female , you would have a case , also there is the element of brain plasticity , a trained female not only overcomes biology but actually has statistically no performance differences from trained males . 
  ( this is why affirmative action is bullshit ) . 
  but we are talking about ...  cognitive pursuits at an average level ... ... and in this case , all of the above are n't relevant , decision making is a cognitive process that has little to do with actual ability ( in the average person ) . 
  but rather with self interest and unconscious biases , which are influenced by social constructs . 
  this is just my opinion from what i observed in a misogynistic ( traditional ) country , that was forced into egalitarianism by communism . 
  so almost complete equality from a legal framework but still uncomfortable ( both from males and females ) culturally with gen 2 feminism . 
  so your millage may differ . 
  we are talking about cognitive pursuits at an average level right ? 
  i do n't see how much effect can testosterone have on a 14 year old boy 's desire to pursuit engineering ; considering the lack of it , does n't effect fields like acting . 
  the argument can be made that for long term success in those fields a hormonal edge can make a difference , but that negates how much of a persons career is affected by chance . 
  to be clear i do n't think anybody is discouraging women from technical pursuits , but in general we do praise women faster for less academic effort when they 're young , and math which is the foundation of technical fields requires a lot of effort , this effort/reward imbalance makes women be said of technical fields and by the time they get the opportunity to choose a field they find at beast they have an apprehension toward math , at worst they have an academic gap that is very hard to jump . 
   not because men and women are designed to think differently at a biological level . 
  you are disregarding the brains plasticity . 
  but this is an argument i rather not start , at least not here in / r/askeurope . 
   god forbid a man wants to be a stay at home dad . 
  just things like that . 
  europe is n't the place for that kind of progressiveness either , there are legal frameworks in a lot of countries but your neighbors will still look down at you . 
   70ish percent of sexually dressed characters in media were women , i do n't think i have ever seemed a female on italian tv that is n't drop dead gorgeous . 
  both females in the media and in real life are pressured to look their best , this is quite predominant in the west of europe , more along the lines of nyc rather than south beach and the further east you go , culturally we start to look like montana . 
   every teenager is an ` activist ' , all the while new double standards are being set up to counter the old ones , thereby creating more problems . 
  welcome to the 21 ` st century !, 
  its going to get a lot more retarded before it gets better . 
  now most women will empathize with `` feminist ideas '' and publicly support them because they are n't stupid . 
  it 's not really a big issue and if you do n't paraphrase a problem using the f word , they will agree with common sense . 
  european women actually deal with a conservative social norms ( in the south and east from what i know ) , but they are n't militant and a lot of them are conforming to traditional gender roles . 
  and those who are n't are using their equal opportunity to gain social equality . 
  what particularly aggravates you , the militarism or the actual emancipation ( like wearing revealing clothes ) ?
