  what chance does a country and its people have to overcome their legacy if they see themselves as mere products of history ? 
  on the other hand , its free money and a lot of it , so why not fantasise about those 10 km of highway our politicians will build with them . 
  i agree but tell me one practical thing i can do to help , and i 'll do it , complaining about it like pensioners is not one of them . 
  this article exposes the 2 characteristics i hate the most in my countrymen : historical victimisation and diplomatic cowardliness - shit happened , we got the short end of the straw , lets learn and move on - shit happens , grow a spine and stop acting like you 're constantly under fear of invasion, 
  have a nice evening mr. english . 
  yes it does . 
  i found out that englishmen are to fixed upon your pretentious liberal ideas that debates are irrelevant . 
  the state never fixes it 's problems and the political systems rigged that even if we had the ambition we could not change the entire political class nobody manages that . 
  we do n't need you to do anything , it was simply my opinion , knowing the details of what type of gypsies emigrate to countries like england and why . 
  every man is entitled to his opinions , i to would have preferred not to join for economic reasons . 
  but like all decisions politics trumps reason . 
  this could be said for every eu country with a pnb per capita lower than the czech republic . 
  have a nice evening mr. english . 
  what country are you from ? 
  so , we should build more ? 
  i say that people having to share a bed in a hospital or schools that work in shifts are a bigger national priority , personally . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  the wall was demolished last year , it was one nut job mayor that tried to win some voters . 
  yes the first pdf really puts romanian racism into perspective , thank you for providing documentation that proves we are n't racists . 
  decent gypsies are very poor and uneducated , they do n't even know where paris is . 
  the ones that go west are n't going to work , they are going to make money , the easy way , because that is what they learned to do here . 
  i wish you a long and naive life . 
  are supposed - well put how many do actually go ? 
  but i was just referencing this as a per capita concept , to underline how screwed up our priorities are . 
  and you ca n't honestly say that there are n't enough churches in our country . 
  also this is happening [ romanian people 's salvation cathedral ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_people%27s_salvation_cathedral ) my favorite part :  the cost of the cathedral was estimated in 2006 by evenimentul zilei at more than $ 500 million ( including the price of the land ) , [ 11 ] while le figaro estimated it in 2008 at $ 1 billion . 
  [ 17 ] patriarch daniel estimated in 2007 the cost of the building ( excluding the land ) at around $ 400 million . 
  [ 21 ]  the government announced it will donate 30 million lei ( $ 8 million ) and the romanian parliament enacted a law by which further half of the cost of the cathedral will be paid from the state budget . 
  [ 22 ]  this action received criticism from various sources : daniel d\u0103ianu , a liberal european mp noted that the government has to reduce other parts of the budget in order to be able to pay for this and that it is a populist spending . 
  [ 22 ] remus cernea , the head of the solidaritatea pentru libertatea de con\u015ftiin\u0163\u0103 association sent a complaint to the government regarding the donation of public funds to the orthodox church , and announced they will sue the government for not respecting the laws regarding the discrimination of religious movements . 
  [ 23 ]  ** patriarch daniel responded to criticism by arguing that its cost is not very big and that it costs less than the building of the new airport in ia\u015fi . 
  [ 21 ] ** ( well ok then , let 's build 2 of them maybe we get a discount ), 
  hyundai santa fe ` neighbor ) and 4-5 year old mercedes ml 's ( small kahuna in a town of 100 000 ) if he 's a higher up . 
  bucharest big boys have new audi 's . 
  there are over 18 000 churches in romania , one for every 1000 people more or less , there are only 400 hospitals and 4000 ~ ~ hospitals ~ ~ ( schools ) , i personally say that we built more than the communists destroyed . 
  rural ( 44 % ) politics is mainly done by the village priest that is basically the community leader . 
  it is definitely authoritarian , and that is enough to be alarming, 
  there are rural communities much poorer than fantanele , the village the article referenced , but they do n't matter as much because an article on them is not as ethnic and does n't make as such a liberal ego wank . 
  they are not marginalised any more than any other village that votes for the opposition believe it or not , any marginalisation is made on a political basis , and gypsy communities are pretty flexible in support , so they rarely get the short end of the political stick . 
  in fact , the only true crime our government is guilty of is neglect , witch is universal no matter who you are . 
  understand that the real fringe communities do n't get to beg on your streets , ** they ca n't afford it ** , every gypsy community that you have is a criminal organisation that deals with extorsion , prostitution , tax evasion and people trafficking , they look like innocent victims of big bad romania for the cameras , but they are n't , the do not come to your countries to work , they do not want integration and they only need public simpaty and shy law enforcement . 
  confusing criminals with the hole ethnic group just encourages them and builds resentment among your right wing countrymen towards all immigrants . 
   woo unicorns into macdonalds it is , people who want to work only need social acceptance and a chance , people who do not want will take all you offer and laugh at how gullible you are . 
  all that your `` integration '' rhetoric accomplishes is building resentment towards honest immigrants , please understand that, 
   asking for another authoritarian to step in i did n't , i just said it is understandable , given the context  but no , ` fix our problems ' as you deny culpability . 
  are you actually saying we want corrupt politicians ? 
  how easy is it for you to change your whole political class ? 
   that is n't racist , or hypocritical , but the antithesis of racism . 
  it 's saying it 's not the fault of the people/demographic but a failure of the state that belongs to those people !, 
  yes it is , because your integration and accommodation treats the gypsies like they are something special , some magical species that is pitied or hated depending or your political agenda , they are people , european citizens whether you like it or not , and the problem is n't gon na be solved by passing the responsibility to a incompetent government . 
  if moderates dance around the subject you only make your radicals more angry while not solving the problem . 
   well , here 's an idea . 
  how about you get their children into schools and start treating them as equals and not a problem to pass onto someone else . 
  how about you treat them as citizens and give the ones that try to integrate a change and sent those individuals that steal to prison . 
   you being the person who just said , `` we would n't have joined the eu if we could have fixed our problems , '' just saying what the popular reasoning behind the european integration was for easterners . 
   you sound like an abusive husband telling a well intentioned brother-in-law who has offered sanctuary to the battered spouse , to hit her . 
  you did n't offer sanctuary you just sent her back to a home she does n't want , and believe me , romania is extremely tolerant with gipsies , in general they 're the main `` contributors '' to local law enforcement so the battered wife metaphor does n't work . 
   if romania has a future it most definitely lies with the mindset of other romanian who commented on my comment ; mature - self reflecting - pragmatic . 
  and certainly not with your ad hoc self-aggrandisement as the parochial victim with a racist taint . 
  i am being pragmatic just not accommodating , and the mature part was thrown out the window when i saw your arrogant tone , here comes the self-reflecting part : i apologize i do n't respect your disrespectful opinions just because you have a couple of decades of democracy more than we have . 
  you are not better than us , you just had the luck of being born with decent leaders . 
  and to clear the racist part : criminals are criminals and should be prosecuted as such , acting like they are special because of their ethnic background is racist , i was advocating a more strict legal system because gypsies only target you because they know they can get away with it , this is the simple cold pragmatic reality they are self aware , organised and do a cost benefits analysis , they should be treated as organised crime and be prosecuted acordingly . 
  our gypsies , the ones from documentaries , the ones that are still nomadic or search our land fills for food , the ones that fill our streets and orphanages , they are a social issue and should be on the agenda of our government ( who is indifferent and incompetent ) , but these are not the gypsies that you will meet in your metro so please stop generalising . 
  the eu , we still have direct democracy for better or worst here in romania allow local indolence and increased centralization of the eu will change that soon . 
  i 'm talking about mass education , i 'm talking about equal opportunity for more than 3/4 rural families to improve their status . 
   these people that are calling for intervention because of rife corruption , are we expected to believe that this corruption has only sprung up in the last couple of years ? 
  do you have any idea how it feels to feel powerless against the state ? 
  you would call out to god , your neighbours or even your dead grandmother for a chance that at least your children will have a decent life . 
   if you know your country has a severe problem , a problem that would be contagious , then you should be the first to advocate leaving the eu - even if you agree with it in concept and think it 's a great idea . 
  we would n't have joined the eu if we could have fixed our problems , our economy was growing organically , national companies made a living , your country needed stupid consumers and an unregulated market , this combined with our pitiful absorption rate of eu funds makes romania a net giver to the eu . 
  the only reason we wanted it , was that normality would somehow absorb here as well , we wanted we work for decent wages , we wanted to live a decent life . 
   we do n't even have to say what romania 's problem is - and it 's not with ` the people ' themselves , but with a failure to integrate or accommodate by the state . 
  you racist hypocrite , say the word , gypsies , see it 's not hard to use a word , i actually find it insulting that you think `` they '' are our biggest problem , but i think a `` purist '' like you gives away his money to a white robber . 
  our problem , not romania 's , not germany 's the eu 's problem is not integration it 's acknowledgement and reeducation . 
  if they comit a crime you should punish them , but no , they become headlines , cvasi-nationalist propaganda subjects and are sent back like a baby with a full diaper , we set them free ( because our goverment does n't care ) and they go back to your country . 
  if there were n't gypsies you would complain about muslims , in 20 years it will be the chinese , the problem is with your legal system not only with our corruption . 
  do you know why our gypsies prefer france , italy and spain because they 're corrupt . 
  do you know why they hate it in hungary , the czech republic and eastern germany , because the authorities know them and do n't dance around the subject , you break the law , they break you , it 's not pretty but it works and i find it less insulting than passing the subject around for propaganda . 
   are you ready for the eu ? 
  no , clearly not , but i dare say you 'll vote for every european project because you 're on a very good deal . 
  is that an example of a conscience member ? 
  get over yourself you idealistic prick , you accepted us , we did ' t come to your table and said deal with it we 're here and there is nothing you can do . 
  we where fully transparent and your politicians know every systemic problem we have be mad at them . 
  as i said we currently give more to the eu than we receive and we import more than we export so financily you 're welcome . 
  ... believe me we are rapidly approaching an indirect democracy with a 2-3 party system here also ... it 's like the older a system gets the more powerful , inefficient and distant from its initial conception it becomes . 
  it 's a generational thing , but what do i know i 'm under 35 so it 's not really important what i say ( see what i did there  ), 
  i do n't want to diminish you 're idea , but from where i 'm standing the educational theory is without substance . 
  there , is a correlation but i do n't see causality , let me explain my point of view . 
  they also have a low demographical density , ethnic homogeneity , an old democracy and cold weather and all those traits have been linked to a increased sense of community , social responsibility and low corruption . 
  there are to few examples to build a model upon , more i would argue that the lack of corruption and sense of civic responsibility precedes the lack of corruption . 
  the communist built a great educational system , that only recently broke because of corruption . 
  do you speak from experience or just hopeful idealism ? 
  i share your fears , but these ideas are heretical on my continent . 
  our governments have done a lot of good , this keeps the idea of government serving the people still tangible here . 
  so you live in a political utopia where shit does n't smell ? 
  without a doubt , the wishes of the electorate , maybe the wishes of the representatives that truly vote with their conscience is moral , the bulk effects and consequences of that law are moral ( debatable , but that is politics and another discussion ) . 
  but , the idea will be used to bait voters , it can be used as propaganda ; the principle can divide a society and the people that do not support that idea may feel cheated/bullied ( majority oppressing the minority argument ) ; the law itself can be politicized ( like all recent us laws ) or can create financial deficits in other sectors and most importantly whether because it is written poorly or the representatives did not fully grasp the complexity of real life applications , it may have unintended or unplanned negative effects . 
  i do n't know if they are morally charged or simply morally acceptable . 
  it is rare to see a policy originate from popular morals , rather we empower our representatives and trust their morals will lead to `` good '' laws ( positive outcomes ) . 
  however because of the collective character of political principles in a democratic system i feel like they lack moral debt even from the stage of mere ideas , you can not have morality and consensus/generalisation coexisting as attributes at the same time , in my opinion .
