  are you really surprised ? 
  romania needs at least 10 more years of cinicism before liberalism becomes a feasible political option . 
  until then , get ready for the clasical bipolar worker class conservative vs populist social democracy debate . 
  because fuck real issues , politicians should decide what the narative is , the people can just pick a camp afterwards . 
  there is no space for ideology in a 2 party europe . 
  it 's wrong to support media holding companies that get imense gains while paying and treating actual content creators like livestock . 
  and any potential user of said content as a potential criminal . 
  it 's wrong for govermental side-agencies that have no obligation to the poepl or oversights from the peoples representatives to take away or monitor free expresion over the internet under false pretextes like security . 
  it is wrong to criminalize substance abuse based on traditional or arbitrary reasoning . 
  the only real world effects this generates is limiting the options of those citisens that come from a already marginalised class of citisens that do n't really have a fighting change to start up with . 
  so basically free porn ; internet and drugs for everybody !!!, 
  party like it 's 1999 !, 
  romanian political breakdown time : psd ( s&d and curent rulling faction ) , pnl ( started out alde ) , pdl ( the presidents camp , ppe ) after pdl lost power it split into satellites that divided their support base . 
  psd , used this context , the fact that they have a strong media outlet and the fact that they are the ruling party to gain most of the former pdl electorate . 
  the actor was heavilily promoted by that respective media outlet so that 7 % is basically in the pocket of the psd . 
  pnl taugh that they will inherit pdls electorate , because of share a similar ideology , they left the alliance with psd ( a couple of months ago ) and joined the opposition with this gamble in mind . 
  but the lack of a clear strategy and the reactionary nature of their leaders messages made them revert back to their fixed base electorate . 
  pdls strategy of splitting up and going after populists nationalists and right-wing voters with a different party , could have been a good thing , because they maintained the second place seat attainable for the presidential elections . 
  if you add up , the votes of their satelites they would surpass the pnl . 
  looking foward to : a reform of the pnl , there are currently to many vultures and to little actual power so they are fighint over who gets the last piece neglecvting the fact that the people see them as elitist politicians with no credibility . 
  a popularity contest among the anarchy of the presidents camp ( pdl ) , it is very probable that he will step in and clean up because he needs that presidential seat in his camp to get the premiership . 
  ( the president gets to apoint the prime minister , a `` medvedev '' play if you will ) . 
  psd has this in the bag , the economy is running , no big issues in the foreseable future and the control a strong media outlet , the just need to not fuck up ( and cause contrarian suport for the oposition ) and they 'll ( finally ) get the presidential seat ( back ) . 
  reddit golden boy over here , enjoy the karma, 
  lucky you , the most conservative ( realistic ) option regarding privacy we had was the s&d representatives . 
  as far as i know she is n't going to run this time , but great example of how the current system promotes incompetent representatives and the will of the voters is undermined by the interest of the political class . 
  relax , like most of / r/europe i have a intrinsic interest in politics so of course i will vote . 
  * actually it does n't count , actual votes are politically based and within the main parties western opinion leaders rule supreme . 
  * again no , you vote for a local politician that represents a political faction , if however you have exotic tastes , the political faction that is most in line with your views wo n't even be represented on the ballot * actually all the people that vote vote for what they believe will have the most optimal outcome , it 's arogant to presume i know better than your average socialist and paranoid to think that the other camp wants to ruin europe out of spite * yeah right , especially if you live in a underprivileged area and the ones doing the violations are backed by law enforcement . 
  * but then how can i monitor for voting violations ? 
  * unfortunately our representatives have no such humility . 
  and they are the ones that actually have the power . 
  * can i get a special tag if i vote more than once ? 
  ( in different countries , with different id 's , of course ) * but i do , that guy is ripped , i really want to know his workout regiment ( sry could n't help myself , i find psas hilarious ), 
  on the one hand they need the money on the other christian self-righteousness , quite a difficult balance if you do n't think about it for to long, 
  yes , it is quite impossible to not to . 
  we live in a part of the world with high consumer power , decent social mobility , high education rates , technologically developed and proximity to raw resources . 
  you would literally need a 10 year long civil war to stop economic development and due to a highly centralised nature of our economy even that would provoke economic growt in some sectors . 
   on 4 november 2009 , the nuclear power regulatory authorities in france , finland and the united kingdom issued a joint letter to areva , citing serious problems with the epr 's digital instrumentation and control systems ( i&c ) . 
  [ 8 ] the letter stated : `` the issue is primarily around ensuring the adequacy of the safety systems ( those used to maintain control of the plant if it goes outside normal conditions ) , and their independence from the control systems ( those used to operate the plant under normal conditions ) . 
  independence is important because , if a safety system provides protection against the failure of a control system , then they should not fail together . 
  the epr design , as originally proposed by the licensees and the manufacturer , areva , does n't comply with the independence principle , as there is a very high degree of complex interconnectivity between the control and safety systems . '', 
  those safety concerns where there before fukushima , and the new regulations did not affect the initial design . 
  i believe the model did not need updated at all as it is still the only one allowed to be contracted within the us . 
  but like i mentioned in a previous comment you can imagine how tense the relation becomes between areva and its clients , just on the basis of a paranoid reactive populace and spineless ignorant politicians . 
  i think it 's more to do with the inability to scale costs . 
  like with aviation you have a initial very high developement so you need to absorb the initial cost even before you have the new tehnology . 
  now aerospace overcomes this by contracting buyers before even the first prototype is ensembled and the contractors are heavily invested in the product ( boeing 777 or f35 ) and have massive flexibility in terms of costs and timeline of delivery . 
  however due to the public backlash against the industry ( which is totally unjustified as modern power plants where already ages in front of fukusima and in terms of safety and compliace with regulations ) , contractors ( goverments ) back out of contracts , this dropped the massive cost of developemt to the companies . 
  which because they are not non-profits , pushed the cost into existing maintenece and upgrading costs ( which ironically makes the existing power plants more risky ) . 
  the average nuclear plant is underused most of it 's lifetime , and a increase in production comes with a a insegnificant increase in cost . 
  so you can buy reserve gas in the eventuality that you experience a unexpected surge in demand and still be better of . 
  only the contruction costs are subsities and the fuel ( which in scale is not that much ) . 
  management and maintenance is completely covered by revenue . 
  energy is the product , the source of that is irelevant to the consumer from a financial standpoint . 
  the realy issue is politics . 
  a wide spread world push for nuclear has undesirable consequences for politicians , big companies and eco warriors . 
  i agree , but i was ranting more toward social media warriors who get their news and opinion via social media . 
  ideas are like blockbusters , they have a period of hype in which they are unquestionably valid ( you do n't get shares , views or upvotes by arguing ) and that validity translates into certainty in the public mind once the hype is gone . 
  it is fundamentally retarded , and it worries me that this theoretically enlighten generation cares more about ideal than actual progress . 
  have recieve a trickle ? 
  are you [ funking kidding ] ( http://mediamatters.org/research/2013/11/07/myths-and-facts-about-nuclear-power/196793 ) wtf of a argument is it had it 's chance ? 
  solar had it 's chance , with current technology it 's simply not sustanable for large scale usage . 
  it is simply unviable for communities of milions of people . 
  it 's not cool , the simple fact that you are against it , beccause it 's `` old '' reaffirmst this . 
  solar is cool , in fact the only thing solar has for it it 's coolness and the backing of delusional environmentalists . 
  * whaat !, 
  but nuclear was evil , because fukushima and cernobal happened . 
  * god i hate how utterly retarded the information age made us . 
  * news : x is bad public marches in the streets , * * government jumps at the opportunity to pander , conforms and stops x ( without actually thinking what the consequences may be or a contingency plan ) * * news . 
  y is bad public : we want x * stop it !, 
  next time you have a idea , think about consequences of alternatives , cost ( yes it fucking matters ) and political reality . 
  if you find your ideas are in line with another person , reconsider it . 
  more thinking , less advocacy . 
  and for fuck sake , protest about changing the system , not vague principles that established politicians can use as campaign slogans . 
  i do n't oppose it , i just do n't see any rational reason to do it , if a majority of both countries wish it , it 's fine by me , i do n't even have a problem with the potential short term negative effects . 
  i made the comparison because i think it 's as irrational as the other two beliefs and i will ridicule it accordingly . 
  i ca n't speak for all romanians . 
  there are some nationalist nut jobs , but there are also some that wish the monarchy would be reinstated or that vaccines are a masonic conspiracy made to enslave humanity in the army of satan . 
  i am actually arguing that russian interverntion is limited and incompetent when it does occur . 
  also i would take any russian news outlet with a grain of salt . 
  go to rt for the official kremlin aproved version and then look toward german and french news sources to balance it out . 
  maidan was very pro european , both the origin of the conflict and the reason it gain massive support was that it had a pro european agenda . 
  and since then politicians jumped on the band wagon . 
   they can take over the cities arguing that they need to impose martial law because of civil unrest . 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  do you think kiev is not intervening in force because of the russian army or because the eastern part of the country really does n't like them . 
  a intervention at this point would raise eyebrows among westerners . 
  if however there would be anti militia movement , and there would be opened conflict between the 2 factions they would be able to intervene arguing that they want to protect citizens and stabilize the region . 
  a couple of months ago their own goverment was shooting at pro europeans . 
  are you saying that the pro russian militias are really that threatening ? 
  because a civil conflict would benefit kiev greatly , they can take over the cities arguing that they need to impose martial law because of civil unrest . 
  do not mistake my stance for a pro russian one . 
  i think people do stupid shit because of faulty beliefs . 
  but in a democracy even those beliefs are valid . 
  if russia goes nuclear , we have bigger problems that regional instability . 
  also in case of war the enclaves are extremely vulnerable . 
  they would be so-rounded and conquered in the first week . 
   eastern ukraine was clearly not interested in joining russia i think the opposite . 
  you have militants occupying government buildings and the people defend them .
