  but it 's their choice . 
  no , local entrepreneurs , children that graduate standard education maybe even highschool and decide that it would be more profitable to use grandmas land to cultivate soy or tobacco than to work in a call center in the city . 
  ( but i am not opposed to foreign capital as long as the direct lender is a separate entity ) nobody can afford propper storage , not even you as a westerner without financial backing , the cost of scale are unsustainable for the individual , that is why farms where developed by rich people initially . 
   schooling people is way easier when they want to be schooled . 
  i am sorry but that is a choice poor countries can not afford to make . 
  you seem to think free markets , capitalism or industrial agriculture are inherently evil , they are not , they are tools , the can be use in a exploitative way , but only that is questionable , the value of those tools in modernising a economy and therefor increasing the standard of living of millions is not . 
  i do n't agree , i think on substance ( mr. ) clinton was better and still is . 
  i think the republican doctrine is intolerable for most americans . 
  i think they have no real candidates . 
  i disagree the republicans will bark at whoever they are told to bark at , their base however is reasonably racist as the democrarts base is . 
  there would not be this much pandering and acceptance of the extreme measures regarding national security and moderate progress regarding social measures if he was white . 
  and unfortunately the pattern will repeat itself with hillary , if you have a symbol as a center piece you assure your bases loyalty , this is exactly what republicans do with tea party nutjobs . 
  it 's not projecting , the only reason obama was received as a messiah was because it relieved white guilt , there was nothing about him special asside from his race , he is just another democrat . 
  why ? 
  a black man ca n't be an corporate powered asshole ? 
  now that is what a doomsday machine looks like . 
  yeah , i 'll take foreign standard highways before i want foreign salaries for a industry rife with corruption . 
  you lost me at ... who need the money ... if they are growing you leave them alone . 
  no , the solution is to demand representation from your goverment and stop accepting bullshit . 
  the eu is only interested in limiting us influence because that would make them redundant . 
  it actually care more about it 's self interest , if goverments have us laws and technology , they do n't need the eu . 
  the only reason the eu is so weak militaraly is that nato is a cheaper , easier and already established military solution . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  why would the eu care about your freedom more than your local government . 
  your local government at least can be inconvenienced by protests , while the eu does n't give a flying fuck about anything that does not threaten their autority ( which to be fair is a basic fear for any goverment but nothing is currently powerfull enough to threathen the eu ) . 
  the more distance and power a official has the less he care about the average citizen . 
  i am surprised as how federalists loose any reasonable doubt when it comes to the eu . 
  they are the same people that work at the national level just less disposable . 
  actually it protect the gland for desensitisation . 
  you also do n't need your pinky for anything . 
  so can i cut it off ? 
  if you put tatoos in the same boat as circumcision , i absolutely agree with you , if society would do the same i 'd have no protest , to each his own , but curently parents that would tattoo their child for their beliefs , would be chastised , locked up for child abuse and the children separated from them . 
  the guarantee of religious freedom , the lack of a jewish state and the tradition of european antiseminitism made the the us and the americas in general a atractive destination , durring the nineteen century . 
  most of the golden age of industrialism was build around second generation jews . 
  so would be cutting of the tip of a finger . 
  is that reasonable ? 
  is any cosmetic surgery performed on infants reasonable as long as it has no adverse effects or is reasonably safe ? 
  how about tattoos ? 
  ( those are n't even surgical ) because of religion , american culture is very jewish in origin . 
  thank you for the upvote , although commentary would have been more useful to encourage dialog . 
  individual nuances are crucial to break down partisanship . 
  my post on the ukraine crisis are more along the lines of : there is no truth , only propaganda , but as you would expect anything not : `` putin is the devil incarnate '' , does n't go to well . 
  so as the public opinion in regard to the conflict became less nuanced and more black and white , i realised that dialog is a impossible so i stopped wasting my time . 
  i know but that is more of a say what you like among those who agree with you , kind of thing . 
  those who visit the thread are alreadyy on my side , just not as `` out there '' as me . 
  so the only discussion is about talking me `` down the ledge '' , while a provocative title `` attracts '' people who have a opinion and consider it a duty to respond to the unfairness of my title . 
  that is where the dialog must happen , if we stay in each of our camps and just reach a consensus of live and let lve we devolve from a society to zombies scared of conflict each isolated in their own personal bubble of beliefs and values . 
  that is why i assumed certain liberties in regard with circumcision , but god forbid i take a neutral approach toward russia , or moderate aproach toward junker . 
  and try to generate a discussion over them . 
  i know , but the double standards were just too juicy to not take advantage of . 
  regarding editorialised titles , for the last 6 weeks anti russian articles have been upvoted in a frenzy and before that pro junker articles , so the rule is more along the lines of do n't editorialise unwanted propaganda . 
  i like your label , keep fighting the good fight !, 
  the president is more of a party leader ( aldough technically independent , that is bullshit ) , he tends to court the curch for some pole numbers especially during the holidays or before elections and the church gets supperficial oversight . 
  the us stoped having equal partners in 1945 not if the interior regulations would be raised to the new standards . 
  but in regards to emisions we are much more severe , if the us auto manufacturers had to pay our co2 tax , they would cut their vehicle rance by half . 
  and in the case of the auto industry that is the killer . 
  but it is usual that most of the production , distribution , logistics and marketing already occurs in the region of sale . 
  so that wo n't really change , it 's more of a cost saver in itself and common policy for most trans continantal corporations . 
  also manufacturers like ford make unique models that are identical globally ( without the need of a trade agreement ) . 
  which in turn makes development more affordable . 
  the fda allows amfetamine derivatives to be classified and sold as food , just so it is n't obliged to perform those studies . 
  so i would remain skeptical regarding it 's objectivity . 
  this is true for all government agencies , and when they are n't subjective , they are horribly inefficient , actually if we would have a trade agreement and the eu was the more powerful partner , most of the high yielding us industries would enter in a recession . 
   possibly even slightly better quality what makes you think this ? 
  also most trans national corporations already build cars/products that comform with different regulations ( usually the strictest ) . 
  lowering the bar only serves bottom feeders . 
   both sides of the atlantic largely duplicate what the other is doing to approve the same medicine . 
  because most american research is in-house research , privately funded and very subjective . 
  most american regulatory boards are runed by industry men . 
  now i am sure phiser or merck would love american regulations , especially patent regulations , but that is not in the best interest of people . 
  i financial industry matters very little unfortunetly , because money is higly liquid , you can be in an out of country within a hour . 
  also only the uk market can even compete with the americans on liquidity . 
  knowing this the european big boys know that they will be wiped out if the americans come , most industries that are not mentioned are industries where one side has friends that stand to loose more money than they can gain . 
  silly greens , if you raise standards across the board that will generate huge costs for big industries , the whole point is to increase trade . 
  no but seriously , the only companies that benefit from this are companies that ca n't compete with current standards . 
  proper respectable companies already compete on foreign markets that is free maket . 
  this is just another deal between politicians are favorite industries , industries that already have enough handouts . 
  ad hominem-ing much the only purpose of trade agreements is to lower comercial standards, 
  do you think this universe is filled with unselfish people that want what is best for humanity as a whole and will relinquish power when they are unwanted as leaders ? 
  `` are you sure ? '', 
  i think the eu has a perverse form of stacked bureaucracies . 
  and the eu needs needs `` spain '' and the catalonians , or basques are at best `` issues '' that need to be solved . 
  any system has a solipsistic view and any threat to that solipsisms will be treated with aggression . 
  example : american style freedom is always better than freedom by a religious autocracy from the us 's standpoint . 
  and if that is not enough ? 
  what if that goverment is not desired by the people anymore ? 
  is the eu accountable to that goverment or the people ? 
  she said that the german goverment will defend the territorial integrity of any eu country . . and the only realistic way to do this against the will of separatist is to bomb them into submission . 
  ... or else ? 
  is it legitimate to bomb separatists now ? 
  my grandparents ( transylvania ) argued it as what is great is not plentiful or found in abundance . 
  later on my teacher ( bucharest ) interpreted this way . 
  if popularity would be a product of votes i would be fine , it still would not be balaced , but it 's hard to espect greek neo nazie to be popular in holland . 
  but if that popularity is a consequence of back door deal , then you have a critical issue with the democratic process , because there is no limit to how many parties can support a candidate , you can have unanimity at the european level and perfect plurality at the national level . 
  the votes come after the deals , popularity is a product of having whatever party happens to be popular at that time on your side . 
  you did n't renzi 's democrats are also members of the s&d . and this underlines my point if a party is weak they can just proposition another more popular one and still get the votes from that country . 
  when you have 50 campaigns running to gather votes for you , and the second biggest party only has 36 you have a balance problem . 
  the s&d has members collecting votes in every country . 
  the epp has 50 members in 28 countries . 
  all of them are major parties , no small parties that lack already established electorate .
