  what can i say , try it out , we would only benefit from a drop in french wine exports . 
   was to lower the wages and reduce social standards . 
  i 'd rather have a depreciation than this kind of internal deflation . 
  you really do n't get it do you . 
  your 2000 euros wo n't be worth 2000 euros after the depreciation , and the added systemic shock would only upset the economy more than negesary . 
  if you would only reduce wages by 10 % the rest of the system would be fine . 
  now the idea is retarded as lower wages do n't negesaraly mean more jobs , but it 's still more reasonable than a depreciation . 
   is switzerland isolated ? 
  is south korea isolated ? 
  yes , and yes ... look at how specialised both of them are compared to france , both in product and in markets . 
  exiting the eu does not make you switzerland , being switzerland makes you switzerland , and they would be fine even in the eu . 
  ( they would probably be amasing actually do to their very high productivity ) . 
  and all that systemic reform you need to become a specialised country like switzerland can be done , easaly and more cheaply in terms of economic growth and social costs within the eu . 
  ( but that would require politicians to actually structure a long term strategy instead of just pointing to the shit in the middle of the room )  it does increase price competitivity . 
  so does adding vat on top of your cost make your prices more competitive ? 
   stationary pyramid a population pyramid typical of countries with low fertility and low mortality , very similar to a constrictive pyramid . 
  my remark was a joke , it means your population is not increasing you do n't need more jobs you just need to make young people enter more productive sectors and not work in the same jobs their parents work in . 
   so does everyone . 
  i would argue the swiss ( and soon portugal and estonia ) do n't . 
  once you have a higly profitable service industry you can stop and just wait until the next economic paradigm shift to occur . 
   we are not growing . 
  yes you are , stop being a idiot : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/productivity structurally gdp means shit . 
   could you please elaborate on this one ? 
  i do n't really get what you mean . 
  goverments do 2 things : protect citizens and politics ( getting realected ) . 
  when it comes to protecting citizens there is no debate , there is no national flavor . 
  it can be done by the un or it can be done at your local municipality . 
  the difference is done by the amount of bureaucracy that happers the process rather than the language of your administrator . 
  when talking politics we are debating abstract ideas , we have egos and ideological positions , fundamentally it 's all bullshit and can be erased and nobody would loose anything . 
  it 's a pop news for intelectuals . 
  fundamentally we all want to have a system that offers a sustainable economic enviroment for people . 
  we just come at it from different angles . 
  this one can not be done without having a certain predisposition before hand , you need to be french to like french soft socialism or you need or you need to live in a disfuntional country that is basically a anarcho-capitalist system at the microeconomic level to be able to trust the market in fair and impartial distribution of revenue . 
  outsiders = non europeans , this is the trend : muslims , russians and americans are bad because they do n't share our liberal traditions . 
  ( watch it form slowly within 20 or so years , radical liberalism will be our plague in the next 40 years )  just look at the mess with ukraine . 
  just look at the mess with the war in irak . 
  really . 
  i see only one side with a different degree of reluctance . 
  that exists even in the us . 
   still if you do n't respect the freedom of movement there are sanctions . 
  i am not arguing that , i am arguing , that non residents that are repeat offenders get more severe punishiment and can be banned from entering the country for a certain period of time . 
  our criminals prefer to do it there because your police is weak and the rewards and bigger than ours . 
  they do n't dare pull that shit in hungary or austria , because they know that breaking the law hurts . 
   ( for example agriculture between germany and france ) , we compete on fiscality ( ireland ) , we compete on geopolitical issues ( ukraine ) . 
  pick one ( other than tourism ) , and be great at it . 
  that is the whole point of a specialised economy . 
  specialisation creates the economy of scale negesary to be globally competitive and the needs of your citizens are taken care of imports ( since you will have them anyway due to individual choice and the free market )  what taxes and fixed by who ? 
  in the case the national tax systems would be replaced by a german tax system ( if i had to choose i would go german or dutch ) . 
   in germany , 1 euro jobs can you get away with that , god that would be amasing . 
  24 cents in tax and you get the rest under the table . 
   of course there is . 
  look at spain . 
  wages are decreasing . 
  because that is the retard 's solution , like cutting spending . 
  it 's stupid governing and reactionary policies , it is pointless . 
   nope . 
  half of relocating from france is done to eu countries . 
  really ? , got any figures , how many have left ? 
  what industries ? 
  or ask both how they feel about the us , the current climate in the philippines is horrid and the powers at be are backed by the us . 
  also i doubt that you would find a vietnamese that does n't have battle scars from the war . 
  it depends on the cost per benefit analysis . 
  owning a rebellious territory on another continent is expensive . 
  not to mention the opposition at home of spending money or even giving citizenship to non-etnics . 
  imperialism is not easy , conquering is just the easy part . 
  i would argue that the us is doing the same thing . 
  russia at least has a interest and somewhat of an excuse and support ( pro russian ukrainians ) . 
   but it seems to have learned trade is better than conflict . 
  it did n't , that is just an excuse made up by the clinton administration that and `` democracy '' are used instead of the ridding the world of coomunism and promoting freedom , they are mottos , they are blanket statements that they use to justify agression , if you look at the facts , the us never stoped . 
   venezuelan state oil company owns one of the largest oil conglomerates in the us as well which one ? 
   destabilization is not profitable for either venezuela or the us . 
  because a paid enemy is better than a new guy that is unstable politically . 
  if the locals would demand it , and it would serve their interest i doubt they would have a problem with it . 
  iraq was de facto occupied , the state 's authority was nonexistent . 
  ( as shown that it crumbled as a country on it 's own ridiculously quickly ) when did japan invite them to keep a whole army on their land indefinitely ? 
  also the philiphines has huge internaly issues , i would not argue it 's a positive example of the us helping stability and prosperity trough trade . 
  http://perspectives.pictet.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/fn_081112_2_550.jpg so you would prefer to loose 10 bn in exports just to reduce imports ? 
  look at the dip imports took during the recesion that is caused by consumers not having enough money to buy foreign , reducing consumption , customs would do the same thing ( at least on foreign products , it would make them more expensive than the demand can afford ) . 
  at it 's lowest point you still had a trade deficit . 
  it 's a structural problem , you do n't export enough . 
  also those 10 bn in exports will hurt the economy more than your deficit , because you are crippling the exporters , the exact same people you need to encourage to resolve your trade balance issues . 
  10 % depreciation implies all assets loose 10 % of their value , you become funtionally poorer by 10 % , compared to the rest of the world , any investor looses 1/10th of his money . 
  you loose tens of thosand of euros on your property value . 
  and no ,10 % depreciation is not 2 % inflation , maybe per quarter , cumulated with the natural inflation . 
  it depends on how used to instability the investors are , this contraction is about as hard as the recession , but it would e voluntary so fewer people will stick with you . 
   cost of exchange rates is marginal and you 'd have to explicit which customs you think we 'd have to pay . 
  south korea has been using customs for decades and that has not prevented it from constantly growing . 
  cost of echange is quite high actually , think of this , to prevent a + -2 cost over a 30 day period most traders pay between 0.2 and .5 % exchange rate insurance . 
  it is a massive hindrance to trade . 
  if you had the industry profile of south korea you would not complain , when you have strong companies you can be north koreea and still make a profit . 
  jobs for what ? 
  can you produce a iphone ? 
  no , you produce expensive cheese . 
  can a french man pick up the drop in demand that consumers of expensive cheese dropped . 
  you 're wages are to high for internal production to pick up the slack of imports and to low to absorb the excess production of your goods . 
  i know countries are different , but isolating yourself does not promote growt , it 's like arguing that putting a child trogh military school makes him more mature . 
  you can asses your structural issues within the eu ( and with the whole of the eu as market ) , proactively , inflation and isolationism just kicks the can into the future , and you avoid adressing the fact that you are n't competitive and you protect yourself from becoming so . 
  yes reducing costs and making you a richer version of italy does have some advantages , but guess what , there are a couple of italy 's in the eu already and tens arouund the world . 
  it 's crowded in that sector . 
  the common currentcy increased velocity ( a side effect of a increase in transactions ) and that increased inflation diffirences .
