  again , it 's not the euro . 
  high velocity rates frustrate interventionists all over the world . 
   we compete with them on some sectors and products . 
  tell me one . 
  those studies are cripplingly subjective and short sighted . 
  this micromanaging strategy is aplied quite often fron nicaragua to argentina , the latter of which is n't all that healthy . 
  the human race does not understand human behavior well enough , so that we can enforce a paradigm that will ensure our long term prosperity . 
   we have a relatively young and growing population so we need a lot more investments than for example germany . 
  just look at these age pyramids : france vs germany . 
  that is a tower , not a piramid , you need restructuring not more jobs . 
  you need to slowly cut out ineficient jobs and replace them with more productive jobs . 
   the eu is a consequence of a lack of vision made by european leaders . 
  i disagree , they had a lot of vision to make this one up , they just did n't really know what they where doing and had put to little foretough on the economic side . 
  but despite this we are growing , slow and steady and as us easterners catch up , the eu will run increasingly well . 
   i just do n't think it 's feasible because there 's not such thing as a european people . 
  i think political systems are trans national . 
  i think having a common currency among structurally different coutries is more out there than having a single political system span across cultures . 
  ( as long as it is limited in funtion , interventionism would not work )  no . 
  france does not . 
  good point  i do n't think that we 'll ever be . 
  so we are divided , and weaker than if we were able to make our own decisions independently . 
  you underestimate the importance of propaganda . 
  if there would by a separate electoral system we would develop a european identity and a sense of solidarity . 
  yes goverment interest would still b a source for pety conflict but we would at least be unified against the outsiders ( if you ask me , this should have been the first pillar of the eu , but with egos like france and the uk it was more than unfeasable )  freedom of movement means immigrants in any eu country can come into another . 
  no , it means criminals can come and commit crimes , for honest people there are limitations like real estate costs , language barriers and qualifications . 
  it 's like arguing parisians come and steal all the jobs in ajacion . 
  some do , but it 's far from systemic . 
   there 's no `` better '' thing than to have a baby then have one , a young woman will kindly disagree and keep her uterus to herself . 
   we are not allies but competitors again , what , how ? 
  fiscal harmonisation is tricky , on the one hand your economy will explode and overheat with german laws , on the other germany would slump into regresion with yours . 
  and we would stop paying taxes altogether under both . 
  ( the german one is to lax and the french one is overbearing ) also again , you would take a political tol from the politicians . 
  what would politicians argue about if taxes where fixed ? 
   the perfect example is the issue of posted worker . 
  do i really need to explain why it 's bad ? 
  no you need to explain how do you believe that shit . 
  standards have gone up across the board , there is n't a labor auction , you could argue that there was and still is in outsourceable industries but most industries are immobile . 
  also most industries that can aford to relocate do so only when there is a massive economy of scale to profit out off . 
  relocating to malaysia not romania . 
  the devil you know, 
  not really , outside of cuba and venezuela most latin american countries had autocracies that where friendly to the us . 
  so the us should let iraq go toward a more radical trajectory by that logic . 
  certainly self interests is more obvious when russia intervenes in ukraine than when the us intervenes for the third time in iraq . 
  rarely a country 's fate is decided according to the wishes of it 's people . 
  the us did invade or destabilise most countries that where prorussian or not really pro american all over the world . 
  i am certain that the us has no qualms about intervening whereever it sees it 's interests threatened , regardless of continent . 
  that is what a uncontested power does , there is no judge , there is no jury , there is no higher power , there are only the masses that swallow up the propaganda as masses usually do . 
  the thng is that from your point of view you see the iron fist , you need to understand that people rarely support a governments that does harm to others just because they can . 
  governments are powered by the ideological backing of their people , you do n't trow in propaganda as an afterthought , you fuel the ideological engine with propaganda so when you do engage in action your camp is convinced your iron fist is actually just a well intentioned morally righteous parental `` encouragement '' . 
  there are no peacefull wars , there are n't non abusive military interventions and there is n't a will for peace . 
  there are only the politicians struggles to maintain power and the unfortunate consequences that derive from them . 
  love is a bit much . 
  they did not like each other . 
  but when dealing with a powerfull adversary you only have your word and the respect you have for the other side . 
  in fact most wars between equal sides and most modern wars are fought because the sides do not respect/fear one another . 
  what facts have i made up ? 
  look at us history and counter the my argument . 
  if you are dismissing me just due to the fact that you ca n't accept another point of view you are the retard . 
  have fun not having your own opinions , and swimming in the self righteous paradigm you are served by others . 
  writting history or revisiting it is the same , did you never wonder why the heroes always won or better said , the bad guys always loose . 
  from the moment it is written down history is subjective , the winners make it increasingly so as time goes on . 
  objectively if you would look at us military history you would be horrified at how many offensive wars it has fough and how many agressive interventions it had . 
  but you look at him as the world police , because they are winners and winners get to call themselfs whaever they like . 
  as a romanian i would have expected you to understand nuace and propaganda a little better than you currently do . 
  nice trick . 
  they do n't say the us got it moved , it sounds like it was a bargaining ploy be the chinese . 
  the islands look awesome btw . 
  all people are rational , otherwise they would be insane and die within 2 weeks of eating their own shit . 
  their goals and beliefs are irrational . 
  but you need to understand that your beliefs , my beliefs and their beliefs are equally irrational and subjective . 
  so judge with restraint . 
  yes , give in , leave a region to settle it 's historical and political tensions naturally and just protect the civilians to the best of your ability . 
  let them dissolve and recreate new states let them have a modern age of tensions and conflict so they can evolve past etinical and nationalistic egomania . 
  europe would not be as peace loving if we did not have hundreds of years of irrational killing and conflicts . 
  massive econmies adapt , given a limited offer from saudi oil , we would invest more in libia , not be as concieted when dealing with russia or stagnate china . 
  you can not predict repercusions and there is no scenario where nobody gets killed and nothing bad happens . 
  you just need to be aware that every intervention is a agressive act and you need better reasion than a youtube video or offended sensibilities to intervene in another regions internal struggles . 
  i guarantee you that if all western forces would be retreated , and kept only in israel , we would see 20 blody years in the middle east but then the next generation would say fuck this religious bullshit i want a gyros with pork . 
  common sense can not prevail without self criticism and self criticism can not happen if you constantly have external sources to direct your anger towards . 
  politics like business is done with the honor of men , not paper . 
   al qaeda would want to attack usa no matter what no , they want to attack the us because the us is `` occupying '' holy land . 
  see this is what i 'm talking about , people like you never listen to the other side . 
  it 's your camp that never does anything wrong and is always justified and the other camp filled with irrational loonies that randomly want to do harm . 
  because all diplomatic transcripts are public and published online . 
  can you even imagine how shamefull such a thing would be for moskow . 
  failures are not published . 
  they are leaked . 
  my ass just calls it how it sees it . 
  i ca n't read wsj , but the diplomat does n't mention us interventions . 
  look at the map , those bases do n't increase stability but actually cause 9/11 attacks and legitimise horrible political classes . 
  so you think your currently have a worse trade balance than you had previously ? 
  also the first study claims 10 % inflation is good for reducing unemployment rate 2 % and gaining less than 1 percent in gdp . 
  that is marginally retarded . 
  such a high inflation has a massive effect on income , deposits and credit that it would make you a health risk for all foreign credit . 
  the relative benefit from trade which you would get would be limited compared to the bonus you currently get from not paying any customs or having to work around exchange rates . 
  i get it 's important to prove a point , but those guys are really stretching it . 
  the second guys , again , i assume the table is just a macroeconomic perspective in which he considers the new net difference in export and imports . 
  but unless you close of the borders and become self sustainable internally you do not want inflation and cheap exports , china and even the us will outsell us easaly . 
  we compete with japan , not india , and it 's not a pride thing , it 's just common sense , we can not affort their labor costs . 
  this is even more protectionist and cut of from reality .
