  if history has tautgh us anything is that big states invade smaller states , not the other way around . 
  if you look just as the facts , western leaders have engaged in more non defensive wars over the last 100 years than small autocracies . 
  this is a militaristic circle jerk thread , russia is being naughty , isil is scary http://i.lvme.me/fidcg4h.jpg, 
  farmaceutical and auto industry also has a bested interest . 
  that 's why norway does n't give us that sweet oil money . 
  to be fair they are the only westerners that owned us for a long period of time , still better than the turks , greeks or russians, 
  i know what happened in the police ranks after the dna started poking the ministry of internal affairs . 
  nobody cares how many people get raped with `` justice '' , if the reason for the rape is political . 
  but when you start to inquire that anyone that is n't down with the program can be punished then you have people only spepping outside of the law with express permision , which is great at the level of your average policemen , but horrifing when dealing with political cartels . 
  you don + t know what psychotic means . 
  functionally , no , nastase would have bailed some of the pdl and struck a deal with them and basescu would have taken it . 
  a consolidated psd , wth a compliant basescu would have horrible . 
  but that is my point : you need conflict , you need a balance of power , you need leaders that stab one another in the back . 
  there is a massive difference between transparent corruption and unsigned deals . 
  i want a disgusting visible spectacle rather than a tacit conspiracy . 
  no they did n't , basescu is a product of the former psdr , and now that pdl took over pnl the only `` opposition '' is udmr and you know how much of a spine they have . 
  this bullshit spread of pdl candidates is just due to the colapse of the power structure basescu had in place , once the dust sets they will just reunite under the most succesfull of pdl offsprings . 
  and then we will funtionally be out of alternatives , 2 corrupt camps simulating democracy the uk and the us would be proud . 
  number is less important than having deterrence . 
  one thief that has no fear is worse than 10 that still have to be careful . 
  we did have it : both with nastase and basesscu . 
  it was not pretty but that is the level of the romanian electorate , we hate alternating powers , we just want one guy to be absolute dicator so whe know who to blame for having shitty lives . 
  you must be retarded if you thing that a monopoly of thieves is better than when there is actual competition . 
  if justice is just a policital tool then it fails at it 's main purpose , balancing out the benefits of comiting crimes . 
  yes the joy of seeing nastase in jail is precious but then he just gets out and is received as a maryr and i just trow up a little in my mouth realising that there is no real punishment for corruption , not for people that payed their way trough life . 
  but what do you do when there is only one camp , one beast sprouting different heads , when voting and democracy turns into a exercise of futility , a simulacrum that only serves to distract the masses . 
  justice is not about punishment , but fairness . 
  is it just me or japanese sounds are very `` kawaii '', 
  or the worst , you see justice i see a turf war . 
   besides almost all attackers will change their mind once their companions start being killed , your nationalism tends to drain away once you leave your own territory . 
  that is why ~ ~ idealism ~ ~ fanaticism is so dangerous and basically replaced nationalism , ideas are universal , you are proud to die anywhere and the death of your peer just pushes you even more over the edge . 
  a world of cynics is a world of peace by indifference and pragmatism . 
  a world of ideals is a world where there can be no communication and no concessions , only values and self righteous hate . 
  my point exactly , recless people are much more dangerous than reasonable people . 
  all bullets kill , whether it is a [ 22lr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.22_long_rifle ) or a [ 50 caliber ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.50_caliber_handguns ) more or bigger guns does not equal more power above a certain level . 
  fundamentally you ca n't over kill another person or intimidate a mad man that alredy considered his life as expendable for a cause greater than himself . 
  in the cage fight that nis all out war . 
  most fanatics need to consume something , nationalist just need a fight and the average soldier will last you years just because they believe in you . 
  fanticism is like a turbo charger , it give you more power but it also burns out fast . 
  weimar germany was as much about nationalism as post saddam iraq , just because it sounds right for foreigners does n't make it right for the people living there . 
  you can argue that artificial coecion radicalised both the germans and the iraqi adn forged nationalism into fanaticism . 
  the late russian empire was a social hellhole , not really soldiers but more along the lines of econmic slavery . 
  you can argue that there is an italian nation , but i think romania has more in common with sicily than venice . 
  yes , thank you for breaking the circle jerk . 
  10 fanatics beats 20 nationalist 10 nationalists beats 20 soldiers, 
  well this makes it clear , the european capital should be stockholm, 
   https://www.chilistogo.com/pages/ordernow.aspx well the minimum delivery is 125 dollars , that is bombing a middle eastern country money for 2 milion people . 
  but the question is excellent : if principle is not priceless it is worthless . 
  the issue is what principle is more expensive and worth it at the end of the day and that can only be determined by the population : american imperialism during the cold war , invaluable but unbearable ideologically . 
  current american military arbitration and `` liberations '' exponentially more costly and kinda pointless compared with the cold war costs , but fueled by self righteousness and imperialistic white guilt it is much more affordable ideologically and almost cheap , because one half of americans think they have a right to peacify the world and a good part of the western world thinks it is a moral responsability to do so . 
  with this type of racism going uncontested and even considered `` the right thing to do '' by the `` peace lovers '' camp , a modern day `` war on terrorism '' is ideologically as cheap as a medieval crusade . 
  so the answer is : as long as the money does n't run out , lives do n't even count . 
   i wonder why our countries have so many sociopaths per capita or because modern western culture raises narcissist , that is the product of a self esteem based identity rather than a self respect based identity . 
  now if you are refering to politics , it 's because to reach power , the system requires sacrifices on the side of an individuals values , only power hungry individuals with no values get to reach positions of power . 
  ( read some chomsky or even zizek for the communist version ), 
  but i think your do n't parade as sjw on tv decrying how corrupt and all overreaching the state is . 
  this guy was a first class primadona , if he could get tears or outrage out of something he did . 
  no morals , no principles not nothing , this did not suprise me one bit . 
  even his open letter was more of a self pity religious stroke than an actual acknowledgement of guilt or genuine regret . 
  seriously ? 
  til something . 
  well we can all agree that russian gingers probably do n't have souls and are direct spawns of satan . 
  my ocd question is : why is bavaria and the center of france less gingerly than the rest of the coutry ? 
  oops , my bad . 
  how did i editorialise ? 
  i think the original title is more editorial , he is not a tv `` star '' and i am not `` rocked '' . 
  the moldovans have a afinity towards the social democrats , so each election cycle the left just parades trough the poverty striken villages , the liberals do n't even try to campaing . 
  politicians will do the bare minimum to get in office . 
  if the region does not get it 's own political stage and some competition , you will see the same people just perpetually going to bucharest for another 20 years , bringing no change and only nationalist `` concesions '' . 
  if you give those people more central power they will just become more interesting for other politicians and as a consequence they will be even less interested in the faith of their constituency . 
  no , they care about the government , and they will leverage whatever % the udmr candidate will get in the first round and negotiate support and benefits based on it . 
  if they only get 200 000 supporters that is not really worth anything but if they mobilise the population with nationalism they might get 100000 and with that you can play politics . 
  not if we are only talking about autonomy , the region has nothing , they are some of the poorest and underdeveloped in romania . 
  political power will go to bucharest , because they need the money , if we where talking about the whole of transylvania , yes , we would do our own thing and after a few years we would stop caring about bucharest altogether . 
  the reason they present it is to get electoral support so they can leverage their electorate in the presidential election . - i say seccesion because i do not agree with regional autonomy , i think that our goverment is so corrupt that more political influence at the central level for a small part of the country is a very dangerous premise . 
  you over estimate udmr . 
  they would be the ones that would loose the most if the status quo changed . 
  a referendum would be much cheaper . 
  the region literally only has trees and 1/3 of those are cut off ilegally and sent to hungary already . 
  it 's just a ego thing , and i personally do n't want to pay for my nationalistic countrymen 's ego . 
  define `` be '' i think self determination and representativity is essential to any form of administration . 
  i also think people are stupid and the people in the region are 2 generations behind the rest of europe when it comes to political ideas not to mention the constant hate mongering will lead to either a political abuse from the romanian goverment or a retarded gun ho !, 
  feeling before thinking aproach on the side of local politicians and populace . 
  i think there should be a minimuly 10 year seccesion strategy discussed and even voted on , i do not think romania has any politican capable of thinking in advance of 2 years . 
  what you put on the ballot is irrelevant . 
  what matters is that the game masters ( the state ) only plays when they know you ca n't win . 
  i personally think that automony would be exponentially worse for the region that full blown independece or giving it to hungary . 
  the region has been sistematically neglected and politically isolated itself from the rest of the country , autonomy will only deepen the gap . 
  local politicians only use the nationalist rethoric to get allected and then complain they ca n't do anything for the regions and come back with `` cultural victories '' at the end of the election cycle . 
  catalonia is a better paralel or even crimea . 
  no goverment on the planet will put that option on the table when there is near certainty of loosing the region . 
  also on the issue of scotland : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwknlh6e_kq nobody even cares about voting , as long as the failure is plausible . 
  in scotland it was a posibility , in `` eastern hungary '' , cataloina or even flanders , it 's not even up for discussion . 
  that is why the council is the only legitimate institution and european politicians want to minimise it 's influence . 
  balance ? 
  what balance ? 
  the eu always was and will be a german construct . 
  france is just the first of the other nations that needs to bribed into compliance . 
  until there is a real union , a real partnerships : one nation - one voice at the table there is not even the pretense of balance . 
  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1wdxb3lwqtfcbsowwmse5vnnkzqwtcsx3vy0a068zxo8/viewanalytics#start=publishanalytics it was a guess,
