  i 'm not one of them , but i do think most of your concerns are government based rather than immigrants based . 
  honestly , i think it 's more cultural than race oriented . 
  you feel your britishness sliping and you need to lash out against something . 
  muslims are greedy little bitches as well so they make great targets/victims . 
  i know  my response was meant to reflect the average peoples attitude . 
  it makes those concernrs irrational . 
  except the blue collar conservatives who wa n't to close down the borders . 
  it does nullify any rational argument against it . 
  it moves immigration issues from the imigrants to the goverments handling of imigration, 
  we 'll you can , but if those that have double the numbers are fine with it you kinda look like little racist bitches, 
  quite interesting question , in practice , i think the process should involve a judge and it should have serious reasoning behind it . 
  but in principle i honestly do n't know : is the information on the internet public knowledge , and we just ca n't accept that true privacy is nonexistent online or is the web 's lawlessness and dangerous place for naive people that do n't understand the ramification of their actions ? 
  they do seem to try extra hard to look like assholes . 
  true , fixed that for me, 
  yes you are to cynical , google just has to much money to not trow money away and fish for promising startups regardless of where they come from . 
  when germany will spend proportionally on political marketing as the us the numbers will be proportional if not superior . 
  also comparing politics to football as fields is ridiculous anywhere outside of law school . 
   are politics followed by a lot of people ? 
  no ofence but politics is the gossip/sport of the middle class . 
  yes , like they would follow the world cup , it is a great subject for office small talk ( if you keep it civil )  are average european citizens somewhat knowledgeable about the happenings in the world and in the surrounding countries ? 
  about as knowledgeable as the average american . 
   would a school child in spain be able to name the president of france ? 
  maybe ask as spaniard , regarding romanians , probably not , i ca n't even name the current ministry for the enviroment , because there has n't been any scandal relating to him and up until now the tough never crossed my mind to look his name up . 
   would an adult ? 
  some probably could , but few could tell you that he is a socialist or a a philanderer ( actually probably more would know the latter than the former ), 
  yep they 're going for the evil distopian look, 
  great for them , i hope they expand , to teach poland some respect, 
  labor is cheap , compared to actual management , it is pennies on the dollar , the real value is in management , logistics and marketing . 
  where do you think most of apples revenue goes : in china or in the us ? 
  actually no , that is just a myth , it is very rare to spend a lot of money on expanding production as usually you do n't produce at 100 % , most often expansion just implies you increase production with the assets you already have ( maybe pay more for labor and utilities ) and most of your cost will be directed at marketing which is spent in your home country . 
  i agree , just that foreign companies spend less capital in your country than the equivalent foreign company . 
  if there is parity and a company moves high value jobs : design , marketing , or logistics then those are much more valuable economically then 200 jobs in a assembly line ( aldough not as valuable socially , so noody actually cares about the economic aspects ), 
  my intention was specifically to move from managing my own firm to managing someone elses . 
  i think there are classes , there are executives and there are workers , the myth is you can progress from the bottom layer to the management , but those are exceptional cases that when they do occur are success pushed in front as success stories to keep workers motivated . 
  ( this is actually a necessity for most corporations ) . 
  the truth is you are a resource , and your value is limited to how much money you can make . 
  correct , just that if it corporate profits stay in the country , and spreads trough the economy , then the government help is at least partally justified . 
  also if you plan on spending milions , you give a couple of thousand to a local guy to make the introductions . 
  ( and when it comes to credibility it 's actually easier ) it 's actually simple economics . 
  unlike culture or people , capital is actually required for a state to prosper and a lot of globalism does have a adverse effect on economically weak countries with a corrupt political class . 
  oh , no , the no job without a superior degree is a world issue . 
  we just do it in our own corrupt and scammy way . 
   the free market is often more flexible to individual needs . 
  education is not compatible with the free market : the people that aquire the service are different than those who benefit from the service , the payment is unique and the utility can not be quantified or guaranteed in the long term . 
  customer satisfaction is often conflicting to utility and again occur at different times of the customers life . 
  quality is also very had to judge often times third party arbitrators decide what is good and what is bad without actually experiencing the product first hand . 
  free market decisions are superficial : in a murky industry like this , you basically make a leap of faith ( unfortunately parents make extremely gullible clients , they want so hard a best option they ca n't really judge objectively ) fuck , i wanted to get a mba in vienna , glad i did n't trow my money away . 
  yes , that was i meant with `` good for you '', 
  good for you , ireland and denmark, 
  for the main domains yes , but there are paralel speciality 's that are a dumbed down version of those domains . 
  you see `` education '' is not made just for the purpose of education but sold to the masses for a quick buck . 
  all of our politicians have fake diplomas to , the origin of the diploma is irrelevant when the academic bar is set so low . 
  it 's actually a preferance , and a sexist one at that : an elected representative should have no gender , ethnicity or religion . 
  he should be the best option available and arguing he be anything specific is wrong . 
  those are produced by society you ca n't enforce a ratio , but i would prefer a male nurse or a male educator for my children , the government should accommodate my wishes . 
  if you can afford it go for engineering or medical school . 
  if you ca n't go for something fun and easy and start working immediately ( no voluntary shit , renumerated hard work only ), 
  are current goverments solvable for if they have 30 % deficits and 15 to 20 % of their expediture are social costs which are even increasing ? 
  no that is the point they are changing the rules so they can borrow more because they do n't have the spine to say we ca n't afford this shit anymore . 
  they do n't care about the future , they just want to get another mandate . 
  the next crisis wo n't be due to greedy bankers but irresponsible politicians . 
  it took germany and china to bail out greece , who can bail out spain ? 
  my argument was that profiting directly from a chemical dependance is either condemnable either legal , taxation sans legalisation or special taxation like colorado is a horrifing concept . 
  the issue does the government deserve that money ? 
  we condemn drug dealers and pimps for predating on human nature , is it acceptable for the government to the same ? 
  they already do this with alcohol and tobacco . 
  centralised economies have huge gdps , but it is mostly artificial , unascalable and what free market does exist is mostly undreground . 
  big social states have a high tax income from a relatively small gdp . 
  small tax heavens have basically no real economy but are higly taxable . 
  gdp is a artificial measure it is so important particulary because it is proof of solvency , and that is the only thing that matters from a financial point of view . 
  average productivity , monetary speed , disposable wealth are better indicators of prosperity , economic developement or long term sustainability but they are n't really interesting for a creditor unless the load in long term ( +10 years ) . 
  because gdp is a measure of transactions , teoretically every transaction should be taxed . 
  by including untaxable transaction is gdp you basicaly brag about teoretical income that is imposible to obtain . 
  that is the point : to look better on paper , without actually being better . 
  goverments have stopped attempting to balance their budget and just go for foreign credit so a lot of todays pandering is not toward their citizens but foreign bonds . 
  you can see why this could turn into a slipery slope of goverment interest diverging completely from the publics best interest . 
  yes : the client recieved services of x value , and the service provider recieved x value for that service : macroeconomically the system has grown with x value . 
  ( sorry to counter zen buddhism with classical economics ) the point of gdp is not to measure how big it is but how whealty and taxable a country is . 
  they basically want to argue : give us more money because hookers buy stuff to . 
  ( because you ca n't tax them , i.e. 
  recieve direct income from them ) however the products that are boght with drug money is already registered in their current gdp . 
  so all of this is just a smoke and mirror argument used by goverment to justify borowing and growt created by that borowing instead of manning up and actually improving the economy . 
  why not lead by example ? 
  if economic reforms are so simple , surely a local government is more capable of implementing them with regards to the individual particularities of a national economy . 
  i agree that his point if valid , but i do n't agree with pushing the shit uphill . 
  there is a reason national governments exist , but recently national politicians only use the eu to deflect from their incompetence , weakness or frustration ( depending on what side of the political spectrum they are ) . 
  all this shit will come down eventually . 
  and when it does there will be a direct conflict of interest between politicians ( continental , national ) and the people ( and pandering extremists ), 
  it 's not about pride , but practicality . 
  but it 's not stable that is the issue . 
  it 's easy to promise growt when everything is going well . 
  ... for the economy in 2030 , and if there is another financial crash again in 2031 you hit a hard reset due to 40 milion people stoping the cash flow and your back to where you started : 1980 . 
  it is a misguided mentality , the germans are to soft in telling you that it 's unheathy ( for fuck sakes they play around with nuclear energy like they are paranoid hipies ) those foreign investors will come for short term goals , because that is what a tourism economy is . 
  do you think they go to germany for the weather no they go because they know that industrial and tech products and conected industries are essential to human society , up until the zombie apocalipse , someone somewhere will need a crane and fiber optics . 
  the ultra wealthy are even more frickle and are more for pr purposes than actual economic reasons . 
  honestly , i do n't know if that is enough , science reshearch is very long term with low to moderate yield , i would invest havily in alternative energy and become a exporter . 
  it 's expensive , but after a while you get a steavy income without much cost on your part . 
  i hope you are right , but you know , the rats disappear when there are no scraps left but they miraculously appear when food appears . 
  ask a athenian where the civil war is . 
   eu studies have shown that greeks work the longest hours that does n't matter , [ productivity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_hour_worked ) is what matters per individual , for the government 's income and for the subsequent benefits you expect to get .
