  by killing i mean murder ( i apologise i was n't clear ) and i mentioned that most people , not everyone subscribes to the idea that it is immoral . 
  the difference i see is that moral statements are at an individual level , while political principles are amoral ideas that lose dept to be more applicable . 
  indeed debates like life `` imprisonment vs death sentence '' or `` coercion vs reeducation '' are ethical dilemmas , but this is because they are questions we answer on an individual level . 
  when they become law , their application is amoral . 
  a person killed his brother , because he was going to humiliate his wife . 
  the specificity of the case allows you to emit a moral judgement . 
  at an administrative level you ca n't be that specific , so the judgement `` murder is bad and will be punished '' when transcribed into law becomes amoral . 
  he was n't in self defense , he premeditated a murder , therefor he is guilty . 
  a more clear example of amorality is taxes , they are a social contract between the citizens and government . 
  the simple answer is that taxes are good , but what if the collectors are misusing the funds or even fund an army that is used against it 's own citizens , do taxes become evil ? 
  of course not , the government is `` evil '' the law is the same , but the context allows us to emit a moral judgement, 
  i know this is a cliche , but compared to alcohol addiction , witch my country has a lot of , i would have preferred that weed was the cultural permitted vice . 
  are they ? 
  morals are ( nearly ) universal , while political beliefs are more of an individual thing . 
  we all agree killing is bad , we disagree what to do with them . 
  the hands thing is preatty accurate especially after the main course , 
  paying taxes is not a question of morals its a question of philosophy and political principles . 
  that 's one of that rare stereotype you wish it was true, 
  you do not need proximity for to maintain a continuity ( finnish/hungarian ) . 
  between the eleven century and the seventeen century romanian was used only by comoners between familly , we progresively used bulgarian , greek and turkish for comerce and administration . 
  we where n't latin at this point , all culture was in a foreign language , because that was oficial at the time . 
  like how britain became french after the normand invasion . 
  the first romanian document was neacsu 's letter in 1521 . 
   i ca n't see a great difference between 16th century romanian burgs and the dark ages in the burgs of western europe because you believe your brainwashing , europe came out of the dark ages three centuries ago , it had gone trough an agricultural revolution and was starting to discover new continents . 
  culturally , socially and scientifically they finished with the renaissance and they where getting ready for the age of enlightenment . 
   you 're fighting the ghost of some guy no , i 'm fighting subjective dogmatics that learned ego stroking history and propagate the < < once great nation   . 
   that guy does n't exist wtf ? 
   the provinces are already united 1825 is before 1862 , and his work was acknowledged as crucial for the union of transylvania . 
   i 'm not saying anything more about this whole thing with this , i agree . 
   now we 're not latin either because we 're watching hollywood movies what conversation takes place in your head ? 
   rock and chisel like the good romans it is obvious that history is a foreign subject to you . 
   if you 're going to spill out other people 's ideas , at least understand them first . 
  i do understand them , but take your own advice before debating an idea try to understand it . 
   are you saying that at one point petru maior said : `` we 're going to be latin '' now he simply observed , that the colloquial language was based on latin , like the italian language , and less on slaves like serbian . 
  he used this to promote a nationalist idea of a nation that ( despite the nationalistic fairytales ) was unexistent at that time among the 3 nations . 
  this was a counterpoint to hungarian nationalism that was raging at that time and aligned itself with the hunger for autonomy in valachia and moldavia . 
  nobody decided to be `` latin '' , the notion simply became a tool to create a national identity common to the 3 principalities . 
   at that time there was something going on in europe : nationalism maybe someday i will argue why nationalism is an illusion and one of the most horrible and necessary concepts that plagued the human mind . 
  but today i 'll only say that nationalism is a propagandistic tool to counter imperialist cultural dominance , it is built , by the cultural environment of a nation . 
  in the sixteenth century the cultural environment of the small romanian cities was speaking hebrew , bulgarian , greek and turkish , most of the sons of traian where still living in the countryside in the dark ages . 
  our monasteries where built by greeks , our cities by french architects . 
  even our glorious birocracy was imposed by the phanariots that modernised the country to such a level that our national bourgeoisie was able to develop and establish a national identity . 
  you have to understant that before the nineteen century there where no nations there where kingdoms , all the ancestry bullshit is written in after the fact to make people feel like they have a heritage ( it 's the pragmatics religion ) . 
  the next time a detail misses from the official history book/turist guide , look it up and i guarantee your find a foreign name , for everything before 1850 . 
   history and myth in romanian consciousness  dou\u0103 secole de mitologie na\u021bional\u0103  fran\u021ba , hegemonie sau declin ? 
  already ordered , did n't found the one about comunism , but i 'll keep an eye out . 
  thanks for the recomendations . 
   what we built our national narrative around probably because we did n't have any other unifying element for all 3 regions . 
   his earlier writings . 
  i just bought < < romania , european border country   , hope it 's as fresh and intresting as the last one . 
  i generally despise the romanian academia , i read this book out of boredom and accessibility on a train ride and was pleasantly surprised . 
  actually we did n't stay latin , we were culturally close to the [ bulgarian ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_empire ) empire , the greek orthodox church and the ottoman empire . 
  we used [ cyrilic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_cyrillic_alphabet ) script until the second half of the nineteen century . 
  there was also very powerful german influence in transylvania . 
  the reason all of these influences did n't stick is that there was no romanian upper class to pass it along trough generations . 
  romanian cultural identity was only defined by [ petru maior ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/petru_maior ) at the end of the age of enlightenment . 
  by that time , a lot of the romanian bourgeoisie sent their children to france to study , and when they returned they solidified for the first time a durable ( until communism anyway ) upper class of latin ancestry and education . 
  note for romanians : ( shameless plug for a book i found interesting ) , i grew up with objective history from the internet and foreign tv on one hand and post-comunist patriotic circlejerk on the other . 
  but i recently enjoyed reading [ why is romania different ] ( http://www.humanitas.ro/humanitas/de-ce-este-rom%c3%a2nia-altfel ) , and i highly recommend it . 
  if they 're paranoid , its not lying , it 's self-defense, 
  well that explains dogging , learn internet grandpa, 
  you do realize that the royal family is a artificial political construct in romania , and he does n't actually have the right to govern . 
  i agree we are pushovers , but are you actually saying that we should have done nothing to help the bosnians , kosovarians , croats or albanians . 
  we should have said yes to genocide , because you like them as neighbors ? 
  what a typical cowardly attitude to have , you stand for nothing important , only image and appearances , just like the royal family . 
  not dumb , just fearful dangerous animals , like all of us . 
  i was gon na make a joke , but then i remembered , you people * do n't like jokes . 
  * germans , 
  thank you for `` flickering lights '' i already started `` renting it '' it 's still better humor than ours , traditionally it was any vulgar , nationalist , sexist or racist idea in joke form . 
  and recently is devolved into celebrity or political news satire . 
  so you still win on creativity , the cow one actually made me chuckle . 
  no person that enters politics is sane in my opinion , but most have good pr firms and are socially aware of their image . 
  good luck anyway . 
  i know the feeling , hope radicals do n't see this vacuum and reap the benefits . 
  any version of the pirate party trying to get official ? 
  that sounds outstanding , how would you describe your humor ? 
  can you give some national `` classic '' examples ? 
  thank you ollie . 
  is there a `` young '' party that you feel represents a progressive alternative ? 
  whole sectors are dominated by big companies , those small to mid size companies are merely downstream and dependent of big companies . 
  education is not about about 10 top ten universities ( like with companies more good ones are better then a few great ones )  debt is n't as big of a deal here because we have very generous bankruptcy laws that make it easy to discharge if someone gets in over their head if you do n't get why this is a bad thing , you win , because in a keynesian utopia unlimited spending without personal responsibility and risk is infallible , but the world does n't work like that . 
   [ in november 2012 the u.s. census bureau said more than 16 % of the population lived in poverty in the united states , including almost 20 % of american children ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_the_united_states ) , pray that you 're not going to be that 1 in 5 child that has the bad luck of being born poor . 
   first off , vietnam is a developing country , we where talking about competitivity and attractivity for businesses , in both those characteristics vietnam is better than the eu or the us but they do not generate a better life for its citizens because the margins that actually remain in the local economy in very competitive countries are very small . 
   it 's like comparing apples to oranges . 
  more so , can be said about comparing a heavily keynesian economy like the us with a more organic and heterogeneous one , like the eu . 
   you 're stressing the demand side of the equation , and i agree with you somewhat - obviously you need demand within an economy for it to work more than that , you need diversity and flexibility , 1000 small businesses are always better than 5 big companies , the only good example of this is silicon valley in the us , behind the big companies that make headlines are thousands of small companies that service the world , that is a good sector , the proof : the american it sector took crash after crash and is still going strong . 
  this can be seeing in vietnam , pakistan and bric countries , thousands of flexible dynamic businesses that adapt to change . 
   european economies are doing a bad job at that right now , especially italy , spain , and france . 
  yes we are but we do n't opt for the easy quick fix ( mother germany wo n't let us ) . 
  hdi is composed of health and education indexes and gni/capita . 
  do i have to comment why you do n't score points on the first two elements ? 
  ok , moving on ... 
  gross national income is a cumulative index of assets bought by that country this includes individual spending , government spending and private investments . 
  considering your economy is geared towards personal spending ( almost everybody in debt ) and your government spending is [ ridiculous ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_government_budgets_by_country ) is hdi really an accurate indicator of citizens wellbeing ? 
  ( yes private investments are also high but this is because you have a lot of huge companies that can afford it and as previously argued this can also be a vulnerability ) how about wealth disparity or social mobility or my non-academic measure , if you where going to be reincarnated ( you do n't know what socio-economic level you 're family will have ) , where would you want to be born , for me it certainly would be the eu , hell even my own country would be a good pick , yes it is shitty , corrupt and basically poor , but i 'd pick it , because the future is extremely bright even for the poorest of my countrymen , can you say the same ? 
  compare how much money the us and china spent to surpass the financial crisis to how much we spent as a whole . 
  growth is not everything , its great for politics and financial markets but less relevant to economic health . 
  a competitive economy means you can make things cheaper , i already gave you examples of why this is not necessarily a good thing . 
  people wont leave because they wont find better working conditions elsewhere , businesses can leave , others will take their place that is a healthy economy , one that is not concentrated in a handful of `` to big to fail companies '' that can blackmail government for handouts and policies . 
   the well being of any given country 's citizens is absolutely tied to its competitiveness in attracting and supporting businesses vietnam is one of the most competitive countries in the last years its growth for q2 of 2013 was 5 % , italy 's economy was shit last year with -2 % growth witch citizens are more well of ?
