  i am not talkin shit i am trying to point out why i think you are talking shit . 
  you just jump randomly at germany for issues that are either global or national . 
  the uk has reasons to opose german policies , your fishermen have reasons to opose eco friendly measures , but all your bullshit reasoning is a false premise invented to deflect from local incompetence and structural issues . 
   as we are hitting record numbers of tourists that is not a stable income source , once rich people stop affording holidays you have no more income : this is exactly the fucking problem !, 
  not all industries are created equal , not all of them are competitive on a global scale and not all of them survive financial shocks . 
  if you want a tourist of fishing based economy then scale back expenses to 1950 's levels . 
   greece signed massive shipping deals with chinese cosco shipping company , transofrming piraeus and thessalniki harbors into the `` gateway of china into europe '' . 
  multi-billion euro deals were signed last week with china for greek exports to china . 
  congrats , this is how you do shit , not fucking tourism . 
   we have taken this crisis . 
  . struggled like nobody else . 
  kept our pride and no wars happened . 
  and finally going to transform our economy into a 21st century one . 
  great attitude , i hope all your countrimen feel the same way . 
   you should be worried about romania . 
  your country has made absolutely no progress in any sector the last decade and still has a 20th century economy . 
  i know , but we do not have the political or social will to change and nobody is knoking at our doors yet to point out how horrible our shit is . 
   hopefully you will learn from greece when you see how it has changed massively actually the whole world will , but unfortunately , a lot of the credit will be taken by paranoid austerity nuts , in your success you will basically serve as a example that immense goverment debt and fiscal irresponsibility can be solved by painful cuts if the financial overlords wish it so . 
   being fed by high interest rates and racking debt . 
  both are political decisions , the ceap money is gone and instead of admiting , we all where stupid , now we all suffer , your politicians argue : nothing we can do , germany has our hands tied . 
   we are living in a unaffordable world geometrically progressing towards some debt apocalypse global policy , not a european one , as i said the germans are moderates in this sense , americans argue spend all the money , failure will fuck the whole world over anyway . 
   it is being done by design , german design ... absolutely not , germany would love nothing more than to have a stronk south so they can expand to the east and conquer other virgin economies . 
   comes from the marshall plan and rebuilding momentum generated in the second half of the xxth century . 
  they paid no interests and had debt erased sounds like what they intended with grecce , the difference is that germans worked for pennies on the dollar during the recovery , greecs prefer civil war . 
   germany is actively screwing southern europe . 
  this has xenophobic roots , like it or not . 
  i just patiently explain why this is not so , your accusations are unfounded , the only real basis is xenofobic in nature . 
  stronk economies stagnate , flexible young economies bounce back , brittle old economies crack , small primitive capital based economies like portugal , ireland or iceland are anihalated , because the only production asset that keeps oyu competitive ( foreign capital ) disapears during a crisis . 
  the only reason you still have a goverment is because the germans knew if the euro cracked they would soon follow . 
   this is a pessimistic and racist view that is precisely in the german agenda . 
  and that is your local politicians agenda  i do n't like or trust the german bloc . 
  it 's better than suffering chronically from economic tuberculosis until we are finished . 
  there is no better way , there is only your nationalistic way , but again , if your politicians ca n't sustain a healthy economy with eu backing i guarantee they wont be able to sustain one on their own . 
   before we become over indebted and have to fight our way out of this . 
  until the tax colectors come for you , the financial apocalipse will already be upon us , you need to understand that debt is virtual , seriously it 's not a realistic problem . 
  a uncompetitive economy based on 20th century principles however , is a real problem . 
  and again , nobody forces debt , it is a political decision made by politicians who sacrifice long term stability for their electorate . 
  fishing worked for a medieval economy , do you want your income to be adjusted appropriately ? 
  i agree that the fishing laws are political bullshit but that is not the real issue , the fact that it is an economic issue for a wealthy developed country in the 21st century is the issue . 
  states are not natural , they are former feudal lands that are ruled by the workers . 
   countries cannibalizing each other . 
  well ... that is what us europeans do so well . 
   federal dreams imply shared budgeting concerns . 
  it also should imply fiscal union and a eu wide normalization . 
  this wo n't ever happen as it would mean the wealth would shift from north to south in a very short time . 
  think german reunification . 
  each country for themselves , cannibalizing each other is in no way a precursor to a federal eu . 
  it will be a hard sell for germans , but their political class wants it and disbanding the eu is imposible without crashing most western economies and seriously distabilsing smaller economies . 
   the south holds a strong currency and is able to purchase german goods but has very little to back it up and no control over the economy . 
  currency doesnt matter , credit matters . 
  you can spend lira as well as euros but it is much more risky to give cheap credit to sicilians ( no offence i love you guys ) than to a bavarian , due to macro economic conditions and fiscal policies . 
   a recession and no prospects of recovery , at least not in the debt market . 
  it 's a contraction ( a poorly managed ) , cheap credit was also powering small to medium companies and now without it companies only have the consumer base to relly on for income . 
   this is showing by racking up huge external debts which will be our problem . 
  these add to the imbalance and serve to weaken us that is poor governing , that is what a weak and incompentent political class does to mask their inability to think long term , do n't worry about it , that is how modern economics encourages you to act . 
  when the shit piramid will fall whether you have debt or not wo n't matter in a global economy we are all screwed . 
  ( so in that context germany is actually taking the safe route and limiting debt , not because they are evil and do n't want italians to get their pension , but because they understand the fragility of a highly indebted economy and incompetent politicians ) the rates are national policy , it has nothing to do with economic power . 
   investment has stopped . 
  borrowing is much too expensive and unsustainable . 
  because it was all oportunistic , it was never going to be sustainable , just that the hope was that by the time they would leave some actual economy would grow and their presence would stop being felt . 
   no options left other that give away it 's assets and still get no control over things in the end . 
  that is what local incompetent politicians say when the shit they been sitting on starts to show . 
   it 's a massacre . 
  yes it is , but that is how corections work , what you need to understand however that unlike the masacers in ireland or iceland , your massacre is financing political pandering and demagogues . 
  you are being abused , but by your goverment , more so than german companies . 
  and unlike german companies who rightfully do n't give a shit about you , your goverment has no other reason to exist than to give a shit about you . 
  so stop believing their deflections and hold them accountable . 
   at least with currencies , we could devalue and return to competitive levels . 
  this way we get no prospect . 
  this is an academic view . 
  it 's painfully obvious yet denied and shun from the media or the political discourse . 
  i agree , the euro is a flawed mechanism , national currencies shoulnd have stopped , but the idea was good , higher economic velocity meant higher growt and more congruency between east and west and north and soutn . 
  and consider this a german now is basically tied to the faulty fiscal policies of southern demagogues . 
  so they are n't really getting only the good parts of the euro either . 
  those small ocasional ones yes , but these big ones no , no economist in the world could say truthfully what might happen , potentially currency would have become uselless over night . 
  this was way bigger than just corruption . 
   having done business with german companies , the credit lines they hold are absurdly good . 
  you ca n't miss profit or good business with 1 to 2 % credit lines . 
  some even lower than that . 
  the german state actively sponsors this . 
  absolutely , because they can afford it , the pay taxes regularly and meticulously , they do n't try risky ventures and are generally a good investment beside the social pandering aspect . 
  if i where to finance 10000 greek companies or 10000 german one , it 's a reasonable probability that i could loose out on the greek program . 
   privatization of monopolies and key sectors of society is a disaster that is your politicians fault , it is the only path other than centrilising the economy and closing it off , and in the long term it 's a better option than that . 
  of course it 's not , but other than actual direct taxation ( which strangles the economy even more ) it is the only solution to keep a bloated goverment financially solvable . 
   besides , germany should do it themselves as example . 
  why do n't they ? 
  because they know !, 
  and because this way , they get to scoop up these resources at garage sale costs and further profit themselves . 
  because they can afford not to , nobody wants this , but there is no viable solution other that giving free money because we 're all brothers . 
   germany should leave the eu or we should break away . 
  i do n't want to remain part of this union . 
  we do n't share the same interests and we do n't even respect each other . 
  i agree , but it 's messier than it sounds , the most reasonable and tangible option is to suspend membership for countries . 
  but that comes with local responsabilities and less help from the eu and no local politican will assume a recovery on his own ( despite what they say to their unhappy electorate . ), 
   but in less than a decade we 'll bounce back . 
  not to 2008 levels , you maybe could get that rate of organic growth in 15 years of good governance ( you think they are bad now , just wait )  we have the resources to make it on our own . 
  you do n't have the political class negesary ( and some would argue culture ) , any country can be great and prosporous , but not every contry is willing to put in the hours , germany , like japan is that type of country and believe it or not , that is what they are trying to impose on the rest of us : work like germans , be wealthy like germans, 
  just as much as your views are affected by your culture , but for the most part no , you have a balanced budged nobody has a problem , you fuck up and you give them a reason to confirm their low opinion of you . 
  it depends , their economic interest would be that everyone has the average spending power of a german , that is how they make their money . 
  they will not sacrifice their economic stability to mend your economy , and that is something no nation would do .
