  so again i ask you , why are you disgusted with isis in particular , when humanity has so many examples of how disgustingly intolerant we can be ? 
  again , false dichotomy , just because i do n't agree that they are the worst thing ever does not make them good , it makes them normal for the standard of human rights in the region . 
  they are only special because both their propaganda and western propaganda makes you hate them . 
  is religious violence worse that secular violence ? 
  i would argue no , quite the contrary , saddams terror regime was exponentially worse , for better or worse they are just law making . 
  is is that much more evil to apply islamic brutality that western passive aggressive brutality ( solitary confinement ), 
   i never said i do n't understand why russia is doing the shit they are doing most people do n't , between the crazy russian propaganda and the sj propaganda  i also do n't hate russians or anything like that . 
  that is just because you do n't live close to them  i try to vote the best i can to reflect that . 
  you do n't have that option , most of us do n't  you keep talking about usa writing history . 
  i openly criticize usa as do many of their citizens . 
  look at us history from the european perspective , in fact look at all western history from a japanese , indian or even chinese perspective , you ca n't even begin to realise just how bias we are out of school . 
   where does usa tell allies to go fuck themselves ? 
  it does n't tell them , that would be rude , but it just fails to hear them . 
   i 'm simply saying to judge actions on their own regardless of who does them . 
  comparing ukraine to new jersey is a disgusting attempt at apologizing russia 's actions . 
  that is why i made the comparaison . 
  kiev was russia . 
  there was no invasion like lithuania , prussia or poland they where marks of a former imperialist policy , a comercial one : one to secure the caraibian the other south east asia . 
   i hated bush . 
  why , hate ths system , obaman is even worse on foreign policy and not giving a damn and hillary will be even worse . 
  at least liberals jump on republican policies , but they accept democrats for being `` republicans '' just to not give the other camp satisfaction . 
  i am not scared of a republican president , because there are a lot of good sensable people over there , i am scared of a politically corect president , because when the people are quiet the politicians abuse power . 
   i think i am fortunate to have had an easier life by being born here unlike them . 
  really , even portugal is better than middle class jersey , at least healthier . 
   i think the us military can be a force for good and so can the military forces of the eu . 
  so do i but not under us leadership . 
   i 'm completely disgusted with isis and the sooner they lose power the better . 
  [ why ? 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2780169/boko-haram-releases-video-showing-beheading-nigerian-air-force-pilot-terror-leader-declares-even-kill-not-stop-imposing-islamic-rule.html ) as you said be critical of what the facts are , not what the media is telling you to be critical of . 
  i may be cinical but i think pakistan nationalism and indian nationalism will colide within the next 5 years , and it will be a conflict that would make you ashamed of thinking iraqi sectarianism was bad . 
   you are just making excuses for russia . 
  you are deflecting , if china `` interfered '' in quebec you would `` peace keep '' imediatly . 
  you 'd also be condemnable just like russia is . 
  however , russia shares a border with ukraine , while the us has been interfering on different conttinents for most of it 's history . 
   the 13 colonies joined together because they wanted to . 
  not really , it was more a case of safety in numbers . 
  how did the us get into philippines and puerto rico ? 
  american imperialism was not so subtle in the beginning . 
  i was not comparing , i just found your sentence ironic given what happened in ferguson and what still happens in a lot of poor neirbourhoods all around america . 
  it is fair to ask , you ask anyone , the us just happens to not give a fuck about diplomacy and actually enter conflicts if they have a vested interest . 
  the russians did exponentially more to end hitler and yes , even then a diplomatic solution would have been prefered . 
  actually the us only goes when it gives a shit , the un is the one that comes when asked . 
  the us armed a puppet powerless government and maintained a occupation force for a decade upon what was basically a lawless land , under which sectarian violence was constant . 
  i know that was n't the intention and you need intention for a genocide , but the effect is similar . 
  now saddam was exponentially worse , but you can argue that totalitarianism is better than anarchy when it comes to prospects for the future . 
  bombing and raiding `` insurgency nests '' does count as killing people left and right . 
   what part of history would you like to rewrite where eastern europe all of a sudden likes russia and did n't voluntarily ask to join eu and nato . 
  again , deflecting , and a false dichotomy : just because you are wrong does not make them right . 
  russia sucks as a ally . 
  but jumping ( diplomatically ) on it even before the revolution was over was insulting . 
  no leader , would accept such a ideological 180 and not retaliate . 
  if the intervention increases the probability of my death in the long run , i would prefer nonintervention . 
  i do n't care who i pay taxes to as long as they do n't kill me . 
  and to be fair , if you would oppose your local government you would also be killed . 
  by mistake of course or due to a over zelous lawman , but is that anything more than a formality if you are dead ? 
  i strongly would encourage a diplomatic intervention , i would bully the syrian , the turkish and iraqian goverment into allowing a sunni state . 
  i would even support a un peace keeping force of non muslims . 
  i however do not think proping up a iraqui , syrian , iranian or even pakistani or saudi goverment artificially is moral , just because we rationalise that would reduce casualties . 
  ( and bz change it also maintiains our influence in the region ) . 
  yes , a sunni state would create massive problems with iran , but that would also make iran a much stronger ally in the region , more powerfull than even saudi arabia . 
  the difference between radicals and bureaucrats is that the latter have something to lose . 
  give them a state which they need to keep happy and they will turn into docile politicians within 2 election cycles . 
  ( do you think fighting a bodyless ideal like the istamic state will be won in less than 8 years if zou use bombs ? ), 
  within a state , radicalism is just political rethoric ( rethoric that as seen in egypt most people reject ) , outside of the state it is fanaticism . 
  if you want to give them democracy let them have it , do n't hold their hand and force them into it . 
  yes there will be growing pains , but at least they will grow . 
  all autoritarian goverments are like that . 
  chechenya trains more terrorists than anz other region . 
  it is a straw man to suggest hosting a political figure is reason enough to go to war with the whole countrz . 
  death is death , insanity is isanity after 3000 deaths airplanes are under martial law , but you can still buy assault rifles at garage sales . 
  it is imperialistic to defend your interest in foreign countries . 
  funny how the only country where the us retreated entirely is vietnam , those are really gracious hosts . 
  also both the pupped governments in afganistan and iraq had elections , without a signal of retreat those goverments would haven = t stood a change . 
  '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_parliamentary_election,_2014 '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afghan_presidential_election,_2014 if mz country was invaded i would prefer a diplomatic solution and reasonable occupation . 
  not fearing for mz life from two directions ( allz bombs and into insurection campaings ) . 
  ukraine is just as much russia as any of the 13 colonies is the us . 
  '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kievan_rus' '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sloboda_ukraine '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_people%27s_republic if you want to go into detail i can even argue that ukrainian identity and russian imperialism both originate in comunist propaganda . 
  '' i want them to feel safe . 
  no one should have to live in trapped in poverty and in fear of violence just because of politics . 
  so much irony '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poverty_in_the_united_states '' i have said repeatedly iraq was bullshit . 
  if you lived in iraq you would think it was genocide , but neither versions will be in the history books in 50 years . 
  '' it has lots of allies that ask for favors . 
  usa takes all of their alliances very seriously . 
  it comes when called otherwise they look undependable and usa would lose influence all over the world . 
  usa needs to be trusted in order to keep friendly relations . 
  so does russia and iran , but they dont invade other countries , well iran doesn = t. 
  '' but the way you talk , you are basically saying usa is wrong for even existing . 
  that is ridiculous , but if you take that same level of scrutiny and look at the uss foreign policz all trough history you see a systemic pathern they played the former european powers against each other , they replace some of their influence in south america and east asia as they retreated and after the first world war they instated a continous hegemony that was virtualy uncontested , there where threats but no direct danger of loosing dominance . 
  fundamentally all of modern history as we know it today , is written either by the americans or by friends of the us . 
   they are killing civilians in mass executions . 
  public executions , not mass . 
  the same policy exists in saudi arabia and under sadam hussein the number of executions where more common . 
   they are a threat to the whole region . 
  they are a threat to their people . 
  demanding concesions , is more beneficial than bombing them along side their people . 
   even sunni governments in the region are attacking them . 
  their decision , they have direct etnic and political interests interests in that . 
  ( saudi arabia risks a uprising if they fight them to openly and iran risks a uprissing if they do n't fight them ) . 
  we have no right to arbitrate . 
   they are not a government .
