  whats the harm ? 
  the world yes , but it is in human nature . 
  people want stability . 
  2 . we create sytems that allow us acces to power , to create that stability . 
  where there is power there will always be corruption . 
  corruption comes with risk , and risk shakes our stability ( see 1 ) and so the cycle continues until most of the people notice that the system prioritises the stability of the leaders over that of the people that empowered them in the first place to create the system . 
  now capitalism makes people quite rich , and productivity skyrocket , so they do n't really have complaints . 
  but just in case you have the press that argues about how heroic leaders are and how complicated the system is . 
  the best propaganda is that in which you have an adversary so the political ideologies became the faux science of the system , perpetuating the impression that ideas are what make systems fail , and not people . 
  obama is a figure head not the goverment , are the democrats ideology really different under obama than will be under hillary . 
  are republicans anything more than shades on a spectrum from the tea party to libertarians on the crazy scale ? 
  do you actually consider them parties if they are always in government ? 
  are they elected officials if half are millionaires and almost all get to keep their seat ? 
  yes , if you want to straw man it obama is in the same bed as murdoch and that bed is the us political system and they are puting on a show for the american people . 
  that 's why you need a black list, 
  actually independence means unaffected by external interests . 
  but that is n't the issue , the problem is that those interests are political in nature . 
  and that means they are part of the power structure . 
  therefor the media company is n't actually free at all , they are just another propaganda machine for a subentity within the state . 
  the attacks and faux criticism is harmless because it is meant to be that way . 
  any actually dangerous revelations are off-limits . 
  * the state has fascist , imperialistic tendecies i have no problem with fox being a tea party propaganda machine , but when it adjusts accordingly to support the republican ( and their backers agenda ) then they ca n't use the independent and free pretense, 
  obama is not the state , fox is the republican propaganda machine also they tent not to like the state when it has socialist tendencies , they seem fine with it when it has fascist ones, 
  obama is not the state , fox is the republican propaganda machine also they tent not to like the state when it has socialist tendencies , they seem fine with it when it has fascist ones, 
   read political party , because actual ideologic bias is n't really dangerous from a democratic stand point you are free to follow and promote you beliefs whatever they are , but the moment you take a political stance you stop doing jurnalism and start doing propaganda . 
  the evil thing is that it is packaged as `` independent and uncensored '' and nobody is concerned about this ( because both camps are equaly guilty ) , people concentrate on the mesage rather than the perversity of the source . 
  msmbc is also guilty of this , but at least they report real news to ( which can debatably be much more subversive and perverse if you think about it ), 
  i said real dissent , the kind that labels you a traitor , or makes stepping foot in your country a jail sentence . 
  do you know why former comunist powers have a strong socialist parties even 20 years after the fall of comunism ? 
  do you know what happens when former over conservative autoritarian goverment looses the election and progresives gain power ? 
  progressives fail to radically reform a country `` over night '' ( obviously ) , the measures tent to eb unpopular , new politcal options pop up , the financial backers , the core electorate and some political figures are still the same as the former conservatives the rhetoric changed most often it 's adapted to the new complaints of the common people . 
  the disappointment and incompetence of the progresives makes them loose future elections . 
  the new goverment takes charge and begins `` fights '' begin between old school and new more abitious leaders . 
  this generates apparent options , the party splits . 
  they each grow individually and suppress real opposition and brainwash the public into thinking they have choice , when in fact they only get to pick the color of the banner . 
  honestly , i think putin will found the russian tea party . 
  he will let his successor fail , use his last mandate as a symbol of how stronk and morally incorruptible russia was under him and he will regain power as a savior and crush any pretence of democracy at the request of his electorate . 
  political parties are tools of deception , ideologies are stories that keep smart people arguing with one another and not looking objectively at what our polical class is actually doing . 
  add the complete obedience to a political ideology ( read political party , because actual ideologic bias is n't really dangerous from a democratic stand point ) , and you see why i feel disgust for the `` journalists '' and their chopped of ... integrity . 
  and why i feel pity towards people that actually think the press `` is independent and uncensored '' and politicians fear it . 
   fox is independent and uncensored try again, 
  every government takes whatever measures are necessary to silence dissent ( real dissent , not that internal faux ideological juxtaposition ) , do n't delude yourself by thinking your press does n't bow down when it 's activity is endangering the goverments foreign policy or stability . 
  ... still more journalistic integrity than cnn or fox, 
  that is why sectors need regulations from oversight not trough preliminary negotiation between goverments and the private sector . 
  but that is a theoretical argument that this side of the atlantic would consider anarchy . 
  honestly , you do n't know how innocent brussel is , they do n't have actual power to abuse . 
  i live in a country that is basically anarchy , but people are to docile after 50 years of communism to realise and pay taxes for almost inexistent government services . 
  it is like political sciences did n't evolve for the last 350 years . 
  americans are corporate and state slaves and they have two camps that only see one of the two , and instead or redefining what the state is they trow shit at each other and yell lalala to the other sides arguments . 
  yes , brussels innocence stems from the lack of authority and national egos and if they become more powerful big corporate interest will try to break in . 
  but until then , this 2 tier regional government that are coruptable and greedy and a over government that tries to limit major abuses but are to weak or distant to make corruption a valid option seems to work idealy in our current zeitgeist, 
  think about it , udmr members are the last ones that want autonomy . 
  actual political competition , having to be responsible justify and be judged based on their leadership , losing the ability to blame the other parties for the regions poverty , losing that golden 15 % of the parliament , they would need to update their agenda with actual ideas rather than nationalist rhetoric and losing the ability to play the etnic card in political confrontations . 
  none where conditional , and they helped some pretty desperate parties that where freshly elected ( low electoral risk ) . 
  i 'm sorry but they really do n't need to reinvent the wheel , you just need primaries and a considerable membership . 
  but of course that would be tragic for udmr 's current leadership and for their political friends in bucharest . 
  the barrier needs to stay , we are n't mature enough for 4-5 party coalitions . 
  what needs to go is the notion of national parties , currently local representation is monopolised by national parties because the small ones ca n't even register . 
  and national campaigns have exponentially a higher cost , which in term means more political favors after you win . 
  but our political class would kill themselves before they let this happen because it would require party `` friends '' ( that finance national campaigns ) to actually compete with `` no money-only ideas '' competitors and probably loose control ( and influence when national elections come ) at the regional level . 
  psd would n't be looking for partners if the pnl did n't have ambitions and plans of their own . 
  something udmr never has when it supports the government . 
  all their ambitions are political capital for elections . 
  therefor their greed trumps that of any other party . 
  just that if politicians were n't big babies and could share power i would be extremely worried for the exercise of democracy , considering the political arena is insulated and has large `` fences '' to keep plebs out of the process . 
  if this was true , they would have got this chance . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think others have some moral principles they ca n't look past , they just have weak egos and ca n't share . 
  sent how ? 
  i did not hear of any russian soldier entering the ukraine those unbadged officers are intelligence agents already present in the ukraine , maximum reliability and deniability . 
  the world is not made of principles , it is made by harsh realities , is there any scenario where american would remove their army from a foreign base based on what nonamericans think is right ? 
  lets not have higher standards for the russians, 
  the ones that support russia do it because they truly think it is for the best , russia has the gas line and invested in it 's the eastern part of the country a good amount . 
  udmr only wants to keep power , they know grumpy hungarians can ruin their appeal . 
  41 vs 39 , that is statistics for , the guys that payd for it wanted the bigger slice, 
  you forget crimeans matter to , just because russia is `` evil '' , does n't give you authority to decide what should happen to crimea , are they wrong yes , does it matter no . 
  i do n't think so , someone poked the russian bear for a reason , the only question is are there enough shotgun shells and does he still have fight in him . 
  it 's more symbolic in nature , a `` things could turn ugly , do you have our back '' from the ukrainian side and a kind of `` we 're here for you , bro '' form the romanian side , that considering romanian autonomy ( or lack there of ) on geopolitical issues actually means : the us told us that they 're here for us . 
  like with anything you only need a audiece and then you start preaching for a living, 
  they are n't preaching to the general public , they are just producing for their already established audience and updating the rethoric to seem relevant . 
  a anarcho capitalist , would solve the financial crisis in his 2008 book , wright a libertarian manifesto for 2012 and deconstruct state security abuses in 2013 . 
  the same people would generally buy all of them . 
  they would contain the same general set of values ( confirmation bias for the audience ) just stretched to be significant to a current event . 
  corruption seeks power you wont see corruption in a anarchy, 
  actually you only need to lobby the specialty commissions . 
  you rarely buy the whole parliament . 
  and compared to the executive power of the us federal government and how indirect the electoral process is over there . 
  brussells has extremely limited power , we are principally more a community of indipendent countries rather than a single monolith state . 
  along with ownership of property and or work within the constituency , they are more defining for a persons interest in the outcome of elections than birth right . 
  and without interest in the outcome you have low common denominators rethoric that steals the eyes of a primarily disinterested electorate . 
  my main issue with modern elections is the lack of none of the above option . 
  therefore the people that understand politics but disagree or do not want to engage in a political process they do not believe in are misrepresented in a very undemocratic way . 
  a null vote , is therefore bastardized as belonging to the disinterested , non participation makes your view invalid despite probably being the most crucial view especially in the case of mock democracies . 
  and no , mandatory voting is not democratic , it lowers the bar of political discourse . 
  given a extremely well educated and small population like finland it would be a bonus but in general participation in the democratic process should be voluntary , and based on individual will and understanding of the political status quo . 
  and i disagree there are a number of reasons why one would prefer not to be a citizen , but should still be allowed to vote . 
  citizenship is a bureaucratic acknowledgement that one is tied down to a country . 
  democratic representation is the social contract that empowers a authority to rule over them . 
  ... and the idealistic youth , and the disheartened with national politics , and geopolitical white supremacists and poor people that lost hope, 
  my initial comment was an exaggerated sarcastic comment of how the article is formulated as a share jerker , the victim is always innocent , the big bad nazi is always guilty i do n't carry a knife with me when going out for a drink , and i live in romania they are n't inocent either , they instigate more than debate read ghandi , hearts are not won with fists and hate, 
   personally promotes political violence and other violent acts .
