  most probably it will be from the ruling group . 
  but my point was that diplomatic relations are much more stable than governments . 
  why do you say the replacement wo n't be as good ? 
  it 's kinda the right of the occupying country to hand pick the transitory government , witch in most cases is elected into power . 
   this war might have been over a year ago i seriously doubt that . 
  if the army does n't have deserters ( and morals ) and if the rebels are n't armed , any modern army can withstand a civil war with it 's people without any major problems . 
   it 's unlikely that they will be as pro-russian as assad why is assad pro russian ? 
  is n't the relation more contextual in nature ? 
  i do n't think the relation has an ideological basis . 
  the russians are interested in keeping a foothold in the mediterranean . 
  i doubt they really love assad-the person , they just hate the idea of a pro-american syria ( which is iran 's problem also ) . 
  and we hate the ideea of a radical syria ( secular or islamic ) . 
  so russian peace keeping may be the best option . 
  no , you misunderstood , global diplomacy is broken , america was just america ( replace with any other dominant power trough history ) the rest of the world stepped back and stop caring about global issues . 
  i think it proves that there are no international laws , and people will do whatever they can get away with . 
  the un is a bigger joke than the league of nations . 
  i think modern diplomacy is a joke , every matter is resolved either by the american way or not at all . 
  i think siria like lybia or iraq is either everyone problem or nobody 's problem . 
  i think every foreign diplomat that works with syria should resign , except for the rusians , for better or worse they seem to be the only ones trying to resolve a problem by not blowing it up . 
  i think this is was the perfect moment for china and russia to step up to the un `` plate '' and ask the un council permission for a peace keeping intervention to enforce a 3 to 6 months ceasefire . 
  i think any nation that owns wmd should be under a wto embargo immediately , this of course includes a lot of western countries , but imo mass murder ( witch is basically large scale terrorism ) only works on rational nations that look out for it 's citizens , against such nations wars will ( and should ) never happen . 
  tl ; dr : syria is a symptom of ineffective pro-american global diplomacy . 
  so a populist reactionary idea is inapplicable ? 
  also , what would remain of britain 's economy if the lse would become `` unpopular '' among foreign companies , the failure of london 's financial district would be more expensive than greece and spain put together . 
  please do mean it in a derogatory way , because this is facebook politics . 
  now what srm did well and ows did wrong was that , srm had a clear , punctual agenda , and there was a 12 year old campaign `` informing '' 2,5 generations of frustrated activists . 
  ows appeared overnight and lost steam quickly because without a pre-campaign the message is diluted trough the media . 
  i guarantee you that 85 % of the population under 30 knew what srm was about and even if they did n't participate they represented enough of a audience to get classical media interested in the subject ( news coverage was abysmal the first 2 days ) . 
  a similar phenomenon can be seen in the us with marijuana legalisation and gay marriage , the cultural education preceded actual laws by 10-20 years . 
  long before traditional media gave a shit . 
  also , the politicians where not particularly interested , both leaders of the governing parties said they will vote against , while i doubt that either the gop or the dnc would accept ows idealistic initiatives . 
  if they do n't work in administration of course . 
  legislation would not change for education or healthcare . 
  administrative and fiscal autonomy , would make the main source of a regions income it 's own citizens , therefore tax collecting would be more thorough . 
  this would limit spending to the amount collected minus the amount played to the central government . 
  are the catalans still mad about that ? 
  from what i 've seen their main grudge is against madrid . 
  how did the companies get that indebted ? 
  did the state offer large scale guarantees for banks or where the banks really that reckless ? 
  local governments will spend if given the chance , it free political capital for them either way . 
  there are specific measures that can be taken for each specific region to increase economic activity . 
  in a uniform state a investor simply chooses the most populated area or nearest to a international port . 
  offering tax breaks for companies opening in poor regions would help those regions more than governmental repartition of other regions funds . 
  yes it seems so , but i still like the theory of historical autonomous regions . 
  well people can feel detached from their capital , and may not want to pay for social measures in murcia or andalusia ( just examples i do n't have a problem with the south ) so by reassuring them , that they will get externalities from their taxes they may be more inclined to pay . 
  i would say a country is defined by more than a common tax code . 
   every government modifies that explains so much , about your national debt . 
  how hard is it to start or close a business ? 
  do you have any idea at how efficient the collecting is ? 
  ( i could n't find any official numbers , but with a income tax rate of 50 % , regional differences and frequent changes in legislation ; i would expect tax evasion to be quite common ), 
  but would it be that bad ? 
  rich regions do n't have to pay for poorer regions . 
  poor regions do n't get to blame the government negligence and can try to encourage the economy with local measures . 
   san cucufato did n't know that one , til . 
  i 'm quite the separatist in my political views , in regards to my country , so i am feeling an obligation to respect their views . 
  how do you view their separatist objectives ? 
  the point was fiscal and financial autonomy . 
  all changes would presume a changes at a constitutional level , is it that difficult to make the change ? 
   every budget is reliant on how much money you can obtain is the central authority 's ( government , parliament , cabinet , royal house ) expenses so large that more financial independence on the regional level would limit it 's effectiveness ? 
  most expenses ( payments ) take place at a regional level ( schools , roads or social services ) so i would expect a `` slim '' government could handle a decentralised fiscal system . 
   control of tax collection and setting . 
  is n't that an obvious goal for any region ? 
  the basque country 's degree of autonomy actually makes donostia more correct , imo . 
  right , my bad, 
  it sounds quite medieval , i expect tax collecting and repartition is a bureaucratic nightmare . 
   they can build roads , airports , r&d labs , schools , museums , modify the income tax , pay slightly more to the public servants , give some scholarships ... 
  it sounds like they are allowed to spend , but they are not encouraged to collect or stimulate businesses . 
  why not give all the states autonomy and complete responsibility ? 
  is the government budget so reliant on the income ? 
  are these reforms discussed or debated ? 
  ( beside the basque and catalonia ) is local autonomy something even on the table ? 
  are the fiscal privileges granted by the central authority ? 
  are n't regions ( wealthy ones ) self sustained fiscally ? 
  do n't local governments ( poor regions ) have the authority ( and responsibility ) to take economic measures ? 
  absolutely , but reality shows have n't really caught on , so celebrity reality shows are n't a thing , but we do use female eye candy to fill up the screen on a lot of tv shows ( italian recipe ) . 
  * their administrative system , the autonomous region system seems pretty great from `` here '' ( a highly centralised country with with a highly politicised system of financing development ) * ~ ~ san sebastian ~ ~ / donostia * la liga, 
  i think the questions you should ask are : what is the state ? 
  what is the role of the state ? 
  what are it 's limits ? 
  what is a nation ? 
  what do people expect from their government ? 
  but to be more precise to your queries , the state owes its existence to its citizens , if it can not protect , organise and ensure their well being it has no purpose therefor it can not exist . 
  simply from a political stand point i think any city could become independent , as it is the most fundamental form of governance that can sustain itself without outside financing . 
  every time a minority feels it is bullied or put at a disadvantage by the majority the has the right to secede , 50 % +1 is a primitive form of deciding who gets to say what is right and what is wrong . 
  but we hairless apes did n't manage to find anything better in the last 6000 years so ... seceding should always be a failsafe to `` modern democracy '', 
  ask the new comers to the eu ... except us and bulgaria and the smaller old eu members of how gdp growth has effected their individual income . 
  gdp is an aggregated value that represents basically everything that is sold by a country . 
  this has become the macroeconomic standard to compare and measure economical power . 
  living standards are a social variable and have no clear definition . 
  at best , i would say it is measurable by average disposable income , from a western perspective , that sounds about right . 
  this indicator can be influenced by 2 general factors : - average income ; which is influenced by gdp ( actually they are correlated , both rise in capitalist economic growth ) - average living costs ; that is influenced by a lot of factors , social policies , currency ratios , national deficits and commercial balance sheets ( exp/inp ) tl ; dr gdp can indicate economic growth , which , in most cases , creates higher living standards . 
  what are the political and juridical negative effects ? 
  we are known for cancelling and turning laws on a political whim . 
  as for economical effects ... i really do n't understand , gold is a very pricy technological resource , the belief that we should keep it the reserves for future exploitation when the prices are higher is bullshit economics , as industry progress the reliance on specific resources is diminishes and the availability of any particular resource only becomes greater as extraction technology improves . 
  i really would like to understand a specific negative effect that overweight the potential benefits . 
  the only one that is valid is ** the potential ** ecological damage . 
  which in most industrial countries is considered an acceptable risk , i mentioned industrial because a developed multisectoral economy has a lot of economic alternatives that make the potential economical benefits less attractive when compared to the risks , we can not afford that luxury . 
  my anger is on who does the picking , well of college students trough guerilla marketing for more than 10 years . 
  this is an issue that has more emotional arguments than rational ones , i saw a debate for a half hour on rosia montana , on a prime time news station , in witch all the main complaints where addresses by the gabriel resources representative , the reaction ? 
  a second day of protest that combined radical nationalist and anarchist protesting a symbolic cause .
