  wtf dude , that does n't even make sense . 
  2016 referendum for a romanian confederation !, 
  2017 russia and nato finally fight it out to see which one is the last representative of the westestern master race on the fields of ukraine and romania . 
  2028 china and india stat cashing in as both the losers and the winner start paying of their debt . 
  2030 the whole world is singing along to bollywood musicals, 
  sorry , it ca n't , russia can always cancel it 's agreement or suspend certain clauses unilaterally . 
  this is not economics , this is dick measuring . 
  there are a lot of countries that play 2 or more trade zones against each other . 
  it 's not about that , budgets are flexible in this part of the world . 
  so a 2 billion reactor made in 5 years becomes a 9 billion reactor done over the course of 19 years ( so all political factions get a taste ) . 
  but when it 's done , it will be up to date , with the latest security measures , because anything extra that requires money is a another oportunity to make money . 
  this is the most accurate map i 've seen on the subject . 
  we are much more bigoted than people give us credit for . 
  compared to the west we are 50 years behind the pack . 
  we have a lot of space to grow . 
  coal is still the cheapest and fastest option . 
  and as long as a cheap option exists , nobody will prefer a more expensive option . 
  that would be amazing , that would also distribute the nationalism more equally . 
  yes please , i just hope no money is redirected to alternative interests , a nuclear reactor is so expensive and complex , that is a corrupt politicians wet dream . 
  black sea , black water ... sounds plausible . 
  because our industrial consumption is very small , increase demand and see how the cheap coal conquers the market over night . 
   i believe this statement is undermined by my link . 
  why , what country is more violent ? 
   nato members agreed on really ? 
  when did the us do anything they did n't want due to nato , or better yet , when did nato did anything without the will of the us i would argue that the us is even more dangerous , it destabilised more government than russia and polarised the world much more into a political game of us vs them . 
  are there any countries that are n't supportive of the us but are not considered `` evil '' by the west ? 
   the us is literally the most violent country in the last 69 years , empires have disapeared , but the us still maintains it 's miliaristic policy the us has been involved in more wars that any other country , which is amasing considering it 's borders where never under any real threat, 
  the cross length one would make a great modern flag for a nordic union, 
  f3 the page : put united states of america , not pretty, 
  1945-1990 the us destabilised more socialist leaning countries than the ussr 1990-present well there is n't any competion really it 's only wrong because the tides of history so far have not turned against the us , they are still the winners , still writting `` truth '' . 
  kinda coincidental that history supports that extremist nonsense . 
  the us is literally the most violent country in the last 69 years , empires have disapeared , but the us still maintains it 's miliaristic policy and unlike the `` bad guys '' they actually use their power against other countries that do not support their interests . 
   spain and italy done that ... does not seems to work . 
  no that was aspirin , i am talking chemoterapy . 
  there are some profound 20 century issues that make them uncompetitive for a global 21st century market . 
  you can keep a big govermental sector subsidiesed industries , but then you either have 45 hour work weeks or you close of your economy or you enjoy the stability and your .6 % growth , and stop fantasising about 6 % and low interest rate loans . 
  ( like cuba ) spain has a 25 % employement rate because spanish workers are expensive , lazy and pretentious , despite doing most jobs half assed . 
  relax , it 's a generational thing , most gen y is somewhat like that . 
  if you are willing to scub toilets for 600 euros , then you will be employed , if you want to work from home on a 4000 euro salary and 2 months of payed leave per year , your fucked . 
  the job market did not evolve since the 1920s all that much . 
  the living costs have skyrocketed since the 50s and 80s for spain ( thank you credit economy ) and the expectancy of employees have exploded since the late 90s , because most can live of of their parents that still have a exagerated income due to the credit economy . 
  these 3 worlds are fundamentally incompatible , and within 20 years we are looking at another mecanised revolution . 
  and once that happens 25 % will be great , because employers will stop putting up with human employees , this generation will not have the income to sustain a child with `` abition '' and due to a decrease generally in income , most of the economy will shirk which will mean less jobs and oportunities to start with . 
  i ca n't see the french accepting a spending cap on their military or wages , those sociallist will invade germany if that happens . 
   for what i know , this is france position and france is just after germany in terms of accounts for all eu . 
  i do n't think the supporters of the fn are in line with the goverments positions . 
   i do believe that if those 3 countries recover their growth that wo n't happen without structural rehauls of those economies . 
   the determinism is productivity -  inflation -  debt -  inflation -  fiscal policy -  labor costs -  inflation -  the ocasional monetary policy . 
  you can not micromanage centrally a heterogeneus economic enviroment . 
  you want to fix it , make the central economy so large that any inherent fiscal risk of most members are easaly absorbed by the federal budget . 
  but that would not really be fair would it , as goverments would create debt , inflation and risk for the whole system but squander it on populist measures . 
  you could limit borrowing , inflation rates and fix wages : but that angers protectionists like france or populists like spain and even the germans hate this one as it comes with a huge deference of national policies . 
  a compromise is to manage debt centrally , but that would mean all of europe having german accountants . 
  inflation , national debt and monetary policy need to be set as a national level because productivity , labour cost and fiscal policies differ . 
  in the us for better or worse you have the same technological or labour market , therefor technically a pound of weed costs just as much to produce in colorado as in washington . 
  your labour market is somewhat centrally regulated , most income taxes are federal . 
  and any fiscal policy deficiencies ( like kentuky or kansas ) are basically absorbed by the central government as `` side deals '' like the medicaid supplementation or strategic `` investments '' like the armory that is ohio . 
  i am not saying that i am saying there is a difference between i 'll got your back and poke that guy , i need a reason to crush him . 
  yes , the usa is not asian enough to police east asia , south west asia or even south america . 
  also maybe if south koreea needed japan more and vice versa they would get along better : think how turkey , iran , iray , siria and saudi arabia would handle isis if the us would not be involved . 
  they would be one istamist burning happy family and within 3 months liberals would cry about them being horrible . 
  ( it 's all relative ) because cultures divide . 
  no , the us is fulled with imigrants that adapted . 
  compared la second generation asians or first generation mexicans with multicultural muslims : they are better citizens than the average american . 
  i think it 's racist that you still think of them as `` from all over the world '' they are americans . 
  defining them based on their cluture and singleling them out is just as bad as singleing them out based on skin colour . 
  give them a change to be citizens , do n't motivate or incourage them to not integrate , you are setting them up for a harder life that is negesary just so you do n't feel guilty . 
  if you behave like an american , talk like a american and think like one ( i can vouch for that one ) they have no reason to think otherwise . 
  you need to understand that racism is seeing them begging and beating the crap out of them or buying them soup and giving them a shower , while indiference is just that indiference , both abuse and making them a cause is racist . 
  definetly systemic discrimination should be ilegal , but outside of that if nothing is preventing them from getting a job a education , they have a fair chance . 
  there is a difference between the guy that cleans my car at the car wash and the begger in front of the car wash , the second one can afford syntetic drugs . 
  ( yes it is a medical issue , the point is that he makes more than the honest guy with the same background except for etnicity a white guy in his 20s gets jack shit if he beggs ) . 
  the same thing goes for the us , the biggest systemic issue is your school sistem , if money is a issue , you fundamentally have a class system . 
  want to end class struggle motivate the underpriviledged to empower themselfs , give the oportunity and increase the risk of illegal activities and non integration ( but you fuck up even that because your laws are filled with negative racism ) , so between the positive racists undermining integration , the racist system putting barriers for integration most western minorities are fucked , while our `` kinda '' racist system raised generations of integrated citizens because the alternative was undesirable enough that the effort was worth it . 
  in the corporate world black people do catch breaks , they just got ta get of the streets , but once integrated they do have it easier than the rest of the `` white guys '' . 
  yes the argment is that he on a whole worked harder , but a meritocratic society does not keep a tally , you are either worthy or your not , trying more or working harder should not put you in the front row . 
  and yes there is a white guy clique at some levels , but that is just as bad , it should not be a false dichotomy , you do not fix a bad thing with a intentional bad thing . 
  their lifes is harder because they inherit their parents social status ( we all do ) , the only thing you can and should do as a society is eliminate the barriers for them to grow out of those limitations . 
  it looks absurd because outside of liberal-conservative dichotomy they are both just as myopic , they both put principle before reason and common sense . 
  fundamentally you are used to hear straw man conservatism and circle jerky liberalism . 
  anything outside of that is had to swallow . 
  spend some time in romania and hungary , see the difference between racism and voluntary segregation . 
  their police beats the shit out gypsies , ours drinks at the table with them at their dauthers wedding . 
  our president is even grandfather to a gypsie `` king '' . 
  actually only overly concerned liberals think that . 
  most gypsies are integrated , those that are not are marginalised some that are marginalised run gangs . 
  i agree that you should maximise the opportunities for integration , but forcing integration ( or worse multiculturalism ) or being soft on them when they commit crimes is not helping . 
  the main reason gypsy criminals go to the west is because they know that outside of murder , they will get a soft sentence even if they are caught . 
  this positive racism does not integrate , and it actually just fuels a social divide . 
  my mother is currently raising my sister as a romanian in itally , because multiculturalism makes her feel good , instead of striving for her to be a full blown italian she is forcing her to be lost between 2 cultures . 
  this does not help her in the long run or itally , not they are both catholics , so the schism wo n't be all to profound . 
  but how do reconcile islam with swedish liberalism ? 
  you ca n't . 
  and the result is second or third generation immigrants that feel alienated and isolated . 
  there has haver been a time in history where we tell imigrants , you just be you , we will obligate the rest of society to accomodate you , and as a consequence we experience a increasing level of passive racism that we might not have had for the last 200 years . 
  words are not racist , attitudes are , and the sensitivity of liberals and the shaming of `` conservatives '' is more racist that and slur you could think of . 
  it is racist to think that you can solve the koreean peninsula or that you have a direct interest in the area . 
  that issue needs to be solved by the koreeas china and japan ( with the backing of the us/un ) , and not be the us because they have big and deadly boats . 
  calling them `` allies '' whenever it 's convenient is imperialist , and that is racist . 
  emphasising with nigerians and shia equally is emphaty , exagerating one issue over the other is arbitrary and arrogant wanting to intervene to `` solve '' the issue is self righteous and racist .
