  you can not bring down a monolith , once installed it own the country and you are just trespassing . 
   germany can ask the us to leave if it would like . 
  but it would be rude to do so , especially after 70 + years of peaceful `` collaboration '' entrepreneurship is not only one way to reach prosperity , it is a highly efficient way , but it 's not all that effective . 
  from my point of view large companies are not a consequence of entrepreneurship , but a consequence of market centralisation and government protectionism . 
  they are as anti- lasair fare as anything socialists want . 
  now with this model in mind , consider that investment always comes from established power structures , be it a large corporations or directly from the state and functionally it has the same result on the economy ( prosperity ) . 
  in a real protected market ( forced to be open and competitive ) it would be imposible for a corporation to last for more than 10 or 20 years ( especially in a failing industry ) . 
  it should be illegal to create oligopolies maintained and protected by the state , but that is modern capitalism , a free market where you encourace centralisation , because with that comes high productivity and investment , not to mention the ability to work closely with the industry directly effectively making them as usefull to governments as the communist `` state owned '' companies , but you are n't as responsible for their unpopular decision and when you bail them out it 's seen as a mercifull positive thing to do . 
  i did n't say socialism is bad . 
  ( if anything i am saying all rethoric is bullshit and detached from reality ) again , both managerial policies and laws are subordinate to culture . 
  our culture is the same , and it 's toxic , that toxicity just penetrated different avenues at different speeds . 
  france was n't invaded by the us , germany was . 
  my point exactly turning communist does not mean there would be a drop in quality of life , in the short term the average would actually increase . 
  russia was a shithole , it 's not really fair to argue that all comunist is a transitionary form of nationalistic feudalism . 
  wait for it , most of the `` free '' world is slowly going socialist , the ideological war of the future will be autocratic free markets and socialist centralised democracies . 
  coalitions are great politically , but do n't really do anything , everything is compromised - i do n't want politics i want leadership , i would prefer leaders to fuck things up and then be dismissed as idiots than having principled debates , doing nothing of substance and slowly reinfocing the political class . 
  ( the only issue where all politicians agree upon ) i think no one is bound by the constitution , the only definitive voice in a society is that of the crowd both our laws and your principles ( of free speach or of leadership ) are defined by the crowd . 
  a unfair law will be broken . 
  a unsatisfactory business decision will have consequences . 
  the crowd decides what , why and how much . 
  ( lucky it has the memory of a goose ), 
  bullshit , you let me stay because you understand that you do n't have any other option . 
  the us does not get refused . 
  the only democracy the us can tolerate is one that is favorable to them . 
  quality of life is subjective , some do n't want low taxes and school shootings . 
  of course it 's unconstitutional to have a quota , but if the admisions officer happens to find female or african american students more convincing that white males , you are a prick for even sugesting she was unfair . 
  i wo n't argue that europe is meritocratic , almost everything is reduced to a who you know and what you can do to those in charge , unofficially of course , it would be wrong to write down the rules . 
   immigrants could be a strong asset instead of a liability without much effort . 
  actually the effort is imense , the conservatives are `` tolerant '' and cheap and the liberals push multiculturalism and prolong integration . 
  we have massive cultural issues you ca n't even wrap your head around , the only reason we do n't kill one another is that we are to polite to even open up sensitive issues . 
   although it would be nice if more people started seeing independent parties as an option , well , that would kinda ruin things especially for the liberals ... look at the uk , if the ideological positions are confusing ( the civic education of the modern electorate is abysmall ) you get fuddy dudies that do n't do anything or racists . 
  and your current system can only support one rulling party , otherwise you are locked down ( it is a great system i would love to have it in brussels combined with a electoral reform ) but it can not support anthing short of a absolute majority . 
   anything but eu immigration it has the same effect i can guarantee you that some people see russians more equal than greeks or romanians  several european politicians have been charged under their national hate speech laws i know , liberals forgeting about liberalism . 
  this is the world we live in . 
   restricting what an elected official can say seems like a major obstacle to free speech . 
  people loose their jobs over what they say all the time over there , liberalism is dead , actually the only liberal politicians are libertarians and they more often than not put principles over common sense . 
   now you are splitting hairs . 
  if countries had a confrontation with the us in the past but now want a us presence there i dont see the difference between them and poland . 
  japan wants us troops there and they have significant public support . 
  really , you do n't see a difference between you inviting me into your house and you asking me to stay after i break in and threaten your family . 
   it would be very likely the educated people would leave to the us anyway in a scenario like that so it would be their loss . 
  no they would n't educated people love communism , it 's quite romantic . 
  i would predict that a lot of liberals would do the oposite , they would move to canada to live the dream . 
  politics is always detrimental to the people . 
   the ruble has lost roughly 30 % against the dollar since january 1 which is really unfortunate for people who cant get their savings into an alternate currency or commodity . 
  that does n't matter in a autocracy , putin can just write a check  one of my friends from ukraine recently bought a new f430 well that is wastefull  `` in europe i 'm chinese first , a ph.d. holder second . 
  here nobody cares that i am chinese , i am just a ph.d. 
  holder . '', 
  interesting considering europe does not have a diversity quota  its hard for them to win on that platform that is the thing , when there are only 2 options you do n't need to win based on platform , you just need your electorate to hate you less than the other guys . 
  i disagree , average people have a more nuace view than politicians or pundits , they are ideologues , and in the abstract it 's very easy to just paint the world in black and white with broad strokes . 
   i certainly would not say us elected officials are as racist as european ones that is a sensitive issue , and i don + t want to offend ( if you know what i mean  ) lets just say we measure racism in actions and laws , not in words , because that would limit free speach ( aldough increasingly retarded liberalism is going full retard in some contries , trampling on liber values for sjw values )  even in `` enlightened '' sweden their elected officials were filmed shouting racial slurs at minority passers by . 
  that would be political suicide in the us . 
  and that is why all your racism is covert , also sweden is not enlighten they are just liberal , but in terms of pluralism and heterogeneity they are as `` hillbilly '' as europe has to offer . 
  isolationism and homogeneity created both the redneck and the swede . 
   they would cost less . 
  no , they would n't , internally they would apear as if they cost the same , the revenue would only go up relatively . 
  at the consumer side the price would be offset by added vat and logistics cost . 
   on the other hand , french exports are hurt a lot more than germany 's when the currency rises . 
  why ? 
  functionally why is france only negatively impacted by the euro . 
   in fact a majority of products have substitutes and that 's where price counts . 
  that is the think , they do n't , most go for brands when it comes to higher end products , some are even fussy about low end products . 
  just having inported goods be more expensive is not enough . 
   you obviously do n't know anything about tourism in france . 
  tourism is tourism , it 's a opportunistic venture , you create no value , it is as flaky as entertainment , just more costly for the end user . 
   perspective of growth is more important . 
  again just look at the uk who had a 25 % depreciation in 2008 , and look at the situation now : i do n't see anything about depreciation , i see a governmental development contracts offered by a traditionally very pro bussiness government . 
  now if you would end up paying 10 % less for those contracts , i am sure those investors will run as soon as possible . 
   and greece is fucked partly because it 's still in the eurozone when its economy does not allow it . 
  it 's economy allows it , it 's political class and culture just do n't make it easy . 
  you will see a lot of this happening as time progresses , people/local governments / eu politicians conflicts . 
   following the global financial crisis in late 2008 , however , the pound has since depreciated at one of the fastest rates in history , reaching $ 1.38 per # 1 on 23 january 2009 and falling below $ 1.25 against the euro in april 2008 . 
  a further decline occurred during the remainder of 2008 , most dramatically on 29 december when its euro rate hit an all-time low at $ 1.0219 , while its us dollar rate depreciated . 
  now i get it , you are n't suggesting volundatary depreciation , you are just arguing you get back a volatile exhcange rate , that is cool , it will only impact private assets , and if held back with an apropiate monetary policy you will addapt . 
  however i need to mention that , relatively speaking , that just means it handled the shock worse than it 's competitors ( euro and dollar ) . 
  http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=xau&amp;view=10y it has been traditionally more volatile than both . 
  and the uk 's recovery has more to do with the cuts and developement programs the goverment did combined with the massive amounts ob debt the bank of england absorbed . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/apr/17/uk-better-off-quantitative-easing lowering their debt technically so they where able to borrow more to invest in the economy , without increasing taxes or lowering their credit rating . 
   yeah because people only buy iphones . 
  kinda , that is the point i am trying to make . 
   wrong . 
  product substitution is a thing ... a theoretical thing , in practice if it was realistic all the money large companies spend on marketing would be useless . 
   it 's the opposite , it has been done numerous times in the past . 
  most of monetary unions have died with no problem . 
  there has been countless devaluations . 
  we know the effects and they are positive . 
  we know significantly more about currency than 100 years ago . 
  and most devaluations are hard to control , once you are loose , your economy will set the currency , if labor happens to be less efficient , if you have a very protectionist policy or if you have high labor costs , that exchange rate will go down , and you will feel it . 
  and just like stacks the lower it goes the higher the pressure . 
  now your exporters will rejoice , but any industry that relies on imports will crash . 
  and then the sky will rip open and rain acid blood . 
   you 're wrong . 
  they are not isolated at all . 
  look at that nice break down per industry and per partners , compare the diversity of the swiss with that of austria ( so you do n't argue that france is bigger therefor more diverse )  and depreciation helps having more productive sectors . 
  no it does n't  `` the factors affecting labour productivity or the performance of individual work roles are of broadly the same type as those that affect the performance of manufacturing firms as a whole . 
  they include : ( 1 ) physical-organic , location , and technological factors ; ( 2 ) cultural belief-value and individual attitudinal , motivational and behavioural factors ; ( 3 ) international influences -- e.g. 
  levels of innovativeness and efficiency on the part of the owners and managers of inward investing foreign companies ; ( 4 ) managerial-organizational and wider economic and political-legal environments ; ( 5 ) levels of flexibility in internal labour markets and the organization of work activities -- e.g. 
  the presence or absence of traditional craft demarcation lines and barriers to occupational entry ; and ( 6 ) individual rewards and payment systems , and the effectiveness of personnel managers and others in recruiting , training , communicating with , and performance-motivating employees on the basis of pay and other incentives . 
   for ukraine we have countries opposing the sanctions really ? 
   i agree but was not talking about that .
