  it 's not a matter of either/or . 
  get your head out of farrage 's ass and use that racists neuron to think . 
  your problems can * t be solved by the eu because you are to stubborn , our problems can because they are just a matter of local incompetence and indifference . 
  your position is literally : if we have issues it 's not fair that romania has fewer issues . 
  not if the bar is low enough . 
  it 's like the 3 % inflation rate , just less controversial ( there are some benefits to a inflationary policy ) , you can decide to go under it if you want , it 's a target , a guideline for optimal results . 
   would countries in north west europe which are quick at insolvency and resolving contractual disputes need to make any changes at all ? 
  no , the principles would actually be based on their procedures . 
   would the uk for example be able to make changes in the future to its own system to make things even quicker ? 
  yes , the prinsiples are meant to establish a reasonable minimum quality . 
  the uk would be discouraged however in creating a more ineffective system that would allow for more companies to stay afloat in the case of a lack of market liquidity ( but with modern banking systems that is highly unlikely )  in my mind it is somewhat hard to put in place european legislation / systems in this area which only impact eastern and southern europe , without also impacting north west europe . 
  in the last 10 years we reformed our tax and justice system massively and not only legistlatively , but structurally as well . 
  western countries barely did anything , because they already met the minimum requirements . 
  the same thing would apply . 
  and unlike a fiscal policy , there is no debate over what is better , the only debate is over how important the business enviroment should be in terms of goverment priorities . 
  this is how you get integration , by slowly raising the minimum requirements , putin outside pressure on the slackers and forcing them to govern well . 
  that is why we wanted to be in the ue in the first place , we never really got any money , our absorbtion rate is pathetic , we wanted someone to bullly our goverment into governing . 
  post 2008 the focus has been on clashing ideologies instead of focusing on real progress based on the things we agree upon . 
  the eu does not need to be forced into unification , there is to much resistence and this policy will break it appart . 
  the eu needs to refocus it 's efforts on conversion , solidarity and respect for our divergent views . 
  greece did not cause the meltdown , the eu and the ideologists allowed a weak and structurally unstable greece , ireland and spain to be vulnerable . 
  the ideologist focused on compliance and integration over safety and structural stability and that bit them in the ass when the international storm came . 
  and the sad part is , the ideologist still control the parliament , more integration trumps addressing individual national issues . 
  and when they do get adressed they are framed as for the good of the union insted of being a dialog with the good of the citizen in mind . 
  everytime you specify a gender in a law you are creating a sexist law . 
  enforcing parity is sexist . 
  give the people the choice , the option and let them decide , do n't force and create social experiment so the bottom line is politically correct . 
  traditional gender roles are bullshit , but so is the eforceable unisex gender uniformity feminists are pushing for . 
  women care more about their kids than their jobs and men are better , more ambitious , more competitive , more productive and less distracted workers . 
  that is not a rule however so the best course of action is to let the couple choose who does what . 
  not establish laws that go contrary to our instincts and enforce a desired behavior for the sake of the politically correct bottom line . 
   cultural factors as well as rules . 
  i agree , for the enviroment per se where individuals have a lot of variance in behaviors , but when it comes to a higly structured enviroment like the courts , it 's just a matter of how well tough out your laws are . 
   there is a lot more that could be done in some parts of europe here and that would be very welcome . 
  that can be said about everything , but this particular field is easy to enforce , does not imply any sacrifice from the developed members and actually decreases the social and economic gaps between mebers effectively . 
  i do n't think the courts are any different , the process is just streamlined by law . 
  i 'm not really advocating for a unified system , more of a enforcement of principles . 
  i think it would be less invasive as a unified fiscal policy and more productive in the long term . 
  they do n't do that because if it does n't directly effect the polls they do n't give a fuck . 
  the meet with the business association once in a while they promise them they wo n't raise the minimum wage and when they do raise the minimum wage the lower taxation and they are usually done for that electoral cycle . 
   why is it denmark 's and britain 's responsibility to ease the cost of doing business in greece and romania and reduce our own comparative advantage over you ? 
  stop the paranoia right there , i did not say anything about paying for anything , having a unified policy on small businesses would not require you to do anything internally , it would just force our goverment to give a shit about our businesses . 
   romania : all the ease of doing business in britain , no expectation of high wages not really , foreign companies have quite a easy time over here , our goverment is so whipped we bend over backwards even for small companies . 
  the primary beneficiaries would be local companies . 
  that literally does n't cost you anything , and by increasing our purchasing power you basically create new customers for your businesses and more expensive products . 
  the west already has a effective system , forcing eastern governments to focus and bringing our bussined enviroment to a civilised level would have no adverse effects on westerners . 
  just like the justice system reforms we undertook did not change your justice systems . 
   it 's perfectly legitimate for it to attach some requirements to them as well yes , but those requirements are sexist and arbitrary , they are based in cultural prejudice . 
  take it or loose it not a choice , unless you hate your kids/family . 
  nah , the system is putred , whatever we do is just a small hump on the road to `` progress '' . 
  we ask for this kind of shit everytime we vote for `` prosperity '' we complain about jobs , gdp figures or when we buy stupid shit we do n't need . 
  if you want perpetual growth , there will be sacrifices made on our behalf by our rulers ( so they can keep their power ) . 
  we push them to do these compromises sacrificing long term stability for short term prosperity . 
  it is not in human nature ( western human nature ) to say `` enough , i 'm good '' until we ca n't get more and even then we sulk and are frustrated at ourselfs or angry at the system because we ca n't have more . 
  stop countering my arguments with the clasical liberal rhetoric . 
  i am not arguing you should n't pay for children , quite the opposite among most goverment expenditures i think childcare is severly neglected and kids would benefit more from it that they do from money spent at the university level . 
  i am against creating a specific policy to keep men at home for `` parity sake '' . 
  make the current laws voluntary and interchangeable between genders . 
  now this is an area where a unified continental policy would really help the easterners and southerners catch up to the west organically with literally no cost to the west whatsoever . 
  streamlined legislation and a lot of liquidity in the market would be my guess . 
  that article scared me , if mothers  can leave employment or reduce working time after childbirth and receive a flat-rate childcare benefit for up to three years . 
  and the they want fathers to work less with :  the introduction of individual `` use-it-or-lose-it '' entitlements to short and well-paid leave could be way of enabling more fathers to take a fair share in looking after children . 
  who the fuck is left working and gets to pay for all of it ? 
  because companies that have the political power to influence the talks do not deserve even more foreign influence . 
  things are awkward between us since i fucked his wife , so that 's not really an option for all of us . 
  i hate putting my address in these things, 
  fundamentally trade agreements create a context where governments are forced to support foreign companies at the expense of the well being of the population . 
  it has nothing to do with actual trade ( aldough it does increase it , that is just a side effect of opening up the internal market in general ) . 
  it is a politically enforced form of international protectionism for the companies that have strong political ties with the goverment and way to coerce smaller countries and it 's population into economic submission . 
  the economy adapts to the new economic foreign influence and if you break the trade agreement : like not wanting to privatise water distribution you get the all of the benefits that came with the trade agreement ripped out of your economy and that is devastating and basically cripples your trade and bottom line . 
  it is basically economic colonialism reinfoced with a the threat of a economic blockade . 
  it is not lasair faire , it is one of the worse ways to increase trade and it only really helps those that already get a lot of political `` help '' , helping the big get bigger , this time over seas . 
  france confuses me , wtf happened there ? 
  is there a goverment policy in place or it 's just statistical anomaly ? 
  yes , but as you see with the top comments karma , people love to be irrationally scared and agitated over fragmented information rather than be objective and distant over facts . 
  now if you are the editor or you could sale advertising according to your karma , would you encourage reason or would you milk human nature for karma and revenue ? 
  ... well you can have a peace time shaky economy or a war time minimalistic focused economy , what do you really prefer ? 
  not really , being rude caused a lot of wars , sending home a foreign diplomat is considered offensive . 
  primarily the rules are the same as between people because behind the positions they are still people . 
  yes , it is . 
  rules and regulations are structures in such a way that takes into account the wishes of the big guys . 
  think of a airline tax , they wo n't take into account the wishes of quatar air or their business model they will write up the law with american airlines consultant so it wo n't strain their business model . 
  and over time this makes the heard thin out . 
  combine that with a anti trust autority that believes a company with 20 % market share should merge because `` they are struggling to keep up with the need of the market '' and wihin a generation you have oligopolies , systemic monopolies or cartels in almost all industries . 
   companies can last if they are forward thinking . 
  please make a distinction between practice and teory . 
  yes , every ceo born after 1960 knows that to be true . 
  but in life you go the easier route , especially if you have stock holders that do n't want to gamble . 
  and being in a trade association , tacitly fixing prices and splitting the market equitably guarantees more stability , and profits than inovating . 
  if someting disrupts the market you create self regulations that limit the ability of outsiders to enter the market . 
  if market forces shake your cartel , you lobby the goverment to intervene `` for the jobs '' or for the job `` creators '' accordingly to who happens to be your districts political color . 
  ge reformed massively at a point where even a diversified portfolio and a monopoly could not support the amounts of corporate fat it had to carry around , it is the equivalant of a morbidly obese guy having gastric bypass surgery . 
  surgery is not a healthy practice , it is a desperate last hu-raa . 
  also , if ge had lasted 15 more years , the goverment would have intervened . 
  the notion of to big to fail , which is just blatant interventionism and protectionism masked with scare tactics , only appeared about 10 years ago . 
  i do n't know what issues you are reffering to , siemens is for the most part just a normal multinational corporation , growing globaly more than internally . 
  you can argue that it overextends but they are doing okay , all things considered ( they do n't have a huge home market base structurally enforced that can support their international projects like american corporations ), 
  sily hungarians , you think a authoritarian figure like orban gives a shit you do n't like to pay . 
  this is why a wobbly incompetent political class is better than a colossus . 
  if it becomes disruptive you can bring it down .
