  people that know that they are doing something wrong do not do it because they whant to do harm this is in many ways the only alternative the have left . 
  while people that do want to do harm ( sociopaths pedofiles ) and ca n't help themself are sick , deranged why would you punish something that is beyond theyre control . 
  my second problem is that guilty is a juridical construct that entails we do n't have any other explanation . 
  in my country the police round up homeless people around december and offer them shelter in police stations in exchange for unsolved crimes so they have a nice holiday bonus . 
  well in most modern monarchy they did , also here in eastern europe the church stepped aside to let the monarchs take the blame for famine and wars , this is why it survived so well . 
  also , we are growing a lot of anarchist and fascist , so stability is not really a given in the long term . 
  well the point kinda is to get rid of national labels , it 's a utopian way of saying would you want a european constitution and a singular legislation . 
  the question is what kind of democracy , is it democracy if the public is not involved in the decision making process ? 
  can we have a continental consensus on anything ? 
  how to prevent the dictatorship of the majority over the smaller states if national autonomy is dissolved ? 
  that is exactly the problem facing the eu , since the american colonies united there has n't been a federalisation experiment on this scale . 
  and the americans did n't have to deal with cultural diversity or ` such a tense history as we have . 
  there is no tried and true method of melting away national differences on such a large scale and at such a fast pace . 
   it should be determined as objectively and rationally as possible . 
  i totally agree , but this is why i think 25 minds are better that only one although a more experienced one . 
   give the representatives access to crowd sourcing as a tool to use as they see fit . 
  transparency should n't be optional . 
  they kinda already have this option but do n't really seem interested . 
  i was actually thinking of the athenian model for that and i personally trust the uninterested stranger than a politician that theoretically has to answer to a heterogeneous electorate, 
  great plan but you do disenfranchise the people with no internet connection . 
  i especially like the idea that a representative has no idea of how powerful he is until the day of the vote . 
  but about that , how do you know how the representative is going to vote ? 
  is he obligated to make his vote public beforehand ? 
  and the problem with a `` popular '' empowerment is that all the radicals will want to empower a radical , while the moderates will hope they do n't loose to much support being moderate on most subjects ( i expect that if you do not have enough supporters you have to resign ) . 
  basically i worry about becoming a moderates vs radicals like the us , if legislators have to continually fight for supporters . 
  well that could have been said during our complicated history of emperors , cardinals , bourgeoisie or totalitarians but we survived them all . 
  gaining the interest of the jury would become a step in the judicial process in this case , i personally see the `` jury of peers '' as a democratization of the justice system . 
  the sourcing of legislation would still remain the same , the voting would be crowd sourced . 
  the problem with popular feedback is that the most vocal group or the most media savvy get more exposure and may have an adverse affect on what the politician thinks the public wants . 
  think about this scenario , 1000 representatives annually selected anonymously from all of our countries voting for legislation . 
  legislators that actually would need convincing to vote for something . 
  lobby groups and law proponents that actually had to explain their opinions . 
  a faceless agora of voters made of apolitical commoners , the royalty of europe would weep for weeks . 
  i was just thinking about the melting pot for social sciences that vienna was in the late 18 ` th century for psychology , economics , philosophy and political philosophy . 
  modern economic neoclassicism has its roots in the [ austrian school ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_school ) and is viewed as the more serious economic theories of the modern age . 
  there was a [ group of philosophers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vienna_circle ) that had a big impact on the modern philosophic continental theorie like positivism and linvistics ( not really my area of expertise ) modern psychology started for better or worst with freud and psychoanalyses in vienna in that period and later on [ carl gustav jung ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/analytical_psychology ) founded analytical psychology ( again not my field ) modern fascism and communism also started in vienna at least had some influence on their [ leaders ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-21859771 ) . 
  vienna was also a very important hub for the arts in modern europe besides the very well known music , there we 're some important arhitects and painters . 
  - amazing countryside , mindblowing mountain views - very difficult language , but lots of english speakers - you trees are extremely trimmed , very clean cities ( compared with romanian or italian ones ) - you are the imperial overlords of petrol prices in my country - vienna is the birthplace of social sciences and modern continental economics - your drunks are extremely welcoming , you bathrooms are warm , you streets are quiet and your hostel employees are very patient ( thank you for these by the way ), 
  well with sex slaves , themore resistant ones are hooked on heroin , witch makes them submisive and static . 
  i do n't see that beeing very usefull for a sweat shop worker than probably does 14 + hours workdays . 
  yes but when is beeing deported less preferable than a work camp ? 
  i mean unless you are a north koreean political prisoner , maybe , but i doubt this to be the case . 
  whats the minimum wage in russia ? 
  how much does rent and food cost analogously ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  how bad can the conditions in your country be that a underground sweatshop is acceptable ? 
  where they tricked under the pretenses of a real job and held captive ? 
  coul n't any of them escape , how many men we 're guarding 200 workers ? 
  does it matter ? 
  he seems to think germany is doing fine ,  germany is at the highpoint of its economic ability and the problem is other eu countries and the welfare system it really sounds to me like a political discourse intended for the german electorate . 
  the sad part is that i do n't think anyone will call out his nationalist remarks , in public at least nobody will take notice of us easterners . 
  italian politicians i 'm counting on you to call bullshit on this tiresome rhetoric . 
  i do n't really use skype or voip but is n't that free ? 
  so for you non-romanians he 's our berlusconi but with less bunga-bunga , and more of a religious nut . 
  for romanians : i had a huge schadenfreude boner because of this guy all day , can i hear a hallelujah for our shepherd , for our warrior of light . 
  the problem is the feeling of a representative democracy at the eu level , compared to the more connected feeling of a direct democracy we have at a national level . 
  everything from individual laws to future policy is basically decided for the people . 
  all we have is the trust that they will vote what is in all of our interest and considering europes monarchic and imperialist roots that feeling is n't very comforting more recently solutions became less obvious and the problem changed from `` what is the best course of action for all of us ? 
  '' , and more , what is best for france or germany ( even england at one point ) , the little guys barely got a vote in . 
  when you hear germans worrying about inflation and france about subsidies ( while you have riots , unemployment and closed banks at home ) , you realize , your not a member of a club , your just the guy that had to be asked to the party . 
  what else can you do but pick up your national problems and go home and try to solve them yourself . 
  ( because you caused them after all ) i truly believe that most eu decisions are taken on good faith , and most of the news is politically bias . 
  but i find that forcing unity and asking to ease the national autonomy ( fiscal in this case ) while not leading by example and putting a priority on your own national interest is wrong . 
  i am all for an eu government ( god knows my country needs somebody that knows how to actually govern ) . 
  but would germany actually respect and abide by a greek cabinet ? 
  would france ever enact a british conservative 's spending cuts ? 
  why not start with a common educational policy ( finnish policy for everyone ) , enforce infrastructure and large scale investments at a continental level , do n't give greedy local politicians the chance to intermediate . 
  war is not a option , but neither is a true union at the moment , if you think the cracks between north and south are big you should check the disparity between east and west , it all looks good on paper but , the productivity and earning disparity is to great to be governed centrally . 
  i would like to end on a observation , the eu needs better pr , the local governments take credit for every good visible progress , while blaming unpopular decisions on european policies . 
  well we do have a polution/road/sell tax , but it 's lower than for cars ( this is different for each country ) . 
  i think the price is market generated because of the number of large manufacturers or the number of non brand specific motorcycle clubs ( for second hand bikes ) . 
  so national debt , good or bad ? 
  are the pigs 's problems caused by high debt or is debt caused by a budgetary income deficit that can be interpreted as a symptom of a fragile economy . 
  i 'm asking this because after the [ reinhart and rogoff ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/02/reinhart-rogoff-austerity_n_3201453.html ) scandal , it seems to me that the pigs problems we 're caused ( if not accentuated ) by a increase of the interest rate at witch they could borrow . 
  and because the interest rate is based on a rating system constructed with the premise that high debt affects growt in the long term . 
  it seems to me that the fear of 90 % debt made things a lot worst for a good part of europe . 
  and the swiss got a worst rating than romania , really doubt that, 
  sry about that sweden ... my bad, 
  dude , you 're in luck , you understand , you have taken the red pill , you see what the economy actually is , you do n't need a job , you need a vision . 
  my advise , read ... as much , as diverse ( kotler keller aaker , hell even the coffee table stuff ) and as new ( as in recent books ) as you physically can . 
  start a consulting business ( and i do mean only start paperwork and a website ) , start with advice to your local shops ( just inobtrusive advice ) and basically any manager you meet tell him your two cents ( you are the expert , you studied this shit he probably did n't ) . 
  think , see and sell : think of something people need or think of something you need and you would pay for ( that 's how porn started ) , see the gap in the market , spot common mistakes in profitable segments ( most small local companies just imitate what the other guy does , most comon in new markets ) ... and sell , if it 's not expensive , sell it your self , or train somebody to sell it ( congrats you just created your first job ) ; if it is expensive sell your ideea , this unfortunetly requires some social skills , but you get better at it , you just have to understand that most business owners want to do better and a conversation that can save some money is never a bad ideea . 
  last remarks , * do n't bullshit ( no social media , expasionist or expensive ideas , do n't be that douche ) . 
  * own your shit , you studied this , now you have to teach it to the regular folk , the fight is hard but if after he met you he learned something that made him a euro , he will want another meeting . 
  * think of yourself as a business doctor , all your meetings have to be for the pacients benefit , never yours , sometimes you accept a win-win compromise * you will meet ignorant people who are simply thick , move on ; you will meet people who are clever , more than you , they will steal your ideea and never say thank you , move on ; watch you ideea work ( or fail ) and boost your confidence knowing you where right ( or wrong in witch case you learned ) final tought : you are lucky you can be great at anything , you can be you own boss , you can be `` the boss '' , small start up , chinese chemical plant or online t-shirt shop ( you should try it ) you can do anything . 
  best of luck man !, 
  i just pictured high level franco-german diplomacy to be as complicated as this . 
  this maybe to soon , but the swedish guy shoots up an entire island , the us compensates by the sheer number of shootings and what does the french guy do ? 
  he shoots himself !, 
  i could n't help it . 
   i 'm such a horrible person . 
  it 's some new age divo style pop-opera thing ... but only heard sections of it on promos , i do n't like it , but i 'm not really a patriot . 
  i 'm just happy it 's not [ balkan girls ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kizlkalhm4 ) that was just sending all the wrong mesages . 
  only in / r/europe can i learn something like this on a news thread , love you guys for this, 
  yes ... while redditing ... so i probably will watch 5 minutes until i stumble upon something more interesting ... my country is pretty interested for some reason in all of this euro competition thing . 
  this is why i think european gladiators would be a hit tv show . 
  what did you finish ? 
  have you looked for jobs outside your major ? 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  in romania it is ridiculously easy to get welfare and medical pensions .
