  pastries do n't make you fat , prepacked croissants with added unsaturated fats and sugar makes you fat . 
  fructose strikes again !, 
  the power would still be centralised , germans will always support germans especially when there are 97 ( nuts 1 ) segments . 
  british will still vote british , and the french would still be socialists and extremists . 
  no , america shines just too bright . 
  gen x was filled with pacifist , the world is falling apart under them as a result . 
  by that logic when hipsters grow up all art will suck . 
  all artificial changes are failures . 
  society can only change after the individual , not the other way around . 
  stability occurs when society changes to consolidate the change in culture . 
  do not let rulers argue stability and enact change to serve their interest under false pretenses . 
  we actually sucked at leaving things as they are . 
  all rulers tried to change society in their image and failed . 
  the only reason i avocate to leave shit alone is that it 's less dangerous that suppression . 
  suppression creates a build up and a disconnect between the society and the individual , that build up explodes into revolution . 
  revolution is just change done with death . 
  culture is inavitable , it 's not special , it evolves , there is nothing more special in the paris of today as it way in the prague of the eighteen century . 
  it 's arbitrary . 
  yes , but they will survive do to the wind of the time , flexibility and sometimes just pure luck . 
  there is no inherent `` merit '' . 
  and that is good , that is how culture evolves . 
  wanting to arbitrarily stick it in place and keep it constant is a fools arand and is unfair as the other guy that argued for mass reeducation . 
  of course not , but i can take measures to ensure a homogeneus develeopemnt . 
  and build housing , and jobs in region b and develop a university in region c. 
  yes , the fact that i have more in common with a chilean my age than with a neibour older than my parents . 
  just because you hate that notion wo n't change the future , your value is dead . 
  nationalism is not a etniticity , it 's literally a arbitrary clasification based on your location it can be argued that regional groups vary due to a historical inheritance , or even linguistic groups due to the cultural charge of language . 
  but nations are arbitrary constructs that mean absolutely nothing . 
  it is as meaningless as what the capital is or what laws are in effect . 
  but then life would be boring . 
  you have not power here !, 
  - said the danes . 
  and so the first civil war in the new provinces start . 
  i am real , i think the internet permanently destroyed the notion of local culture . 
  there will of course be a reactionary movement withint the next 20-30 years but that will be the swan song of nationalism . 
  i think we hate americans for different reasons ... i hate sjw that cry for cultural appropriation . 
  i hate nationalist that just proclaim arbitrarily that the zip code of your place of birth somehow adds something to your life . 
  you missed this part , cultures die , and only idiots shed tears for them . 
  you underestimate how rational people can be in choosing the best option for a life changing decision . 
  no they do n't they follow the money . 
  romania has nothing to do with spain , but they where hiring . 
  china has nothing to do with romania , but we are building a lot of shit and we need the cement . 
  no , i am not asking to give up autonomy , just to support a more consistent and sustainable continental immigration policy . 
  i think that would be acceptable . 
  honestly i think the swedes and germans will be harder to convince . 
  the funds are already there , we just spend it on crony agriculture development , it would literally be a accounting issue . 
  no , it because the uk is the most interesting option available . 
  people do n't want kraft cheese , they want cheese , kraft just seems like the best option . 
  crossrail is a city of london public service issue not a developmental issue . 
  i am talking about the specialisation funds , that push us to be agricultural and encourages london to be financial . 
  it cripples both of our economies and makes them unsustainable outside of the union while it limits organic growth . 
  but if you took that money and focused it on economic urban opportunities and you would integrate the immigration policy in that you could solve to issues with one euro . 
  yes , language is a sectorial barrier . 
  but that just contributes to the individuals calculation : i do n't know the language but i get to enter a it sector that is growing exponentially . 
  not must , i am not encouraging gulags here . 
  i am saying that if they are a refugee , it would be cheaper to help them settle in romania than in the uk , they would jump social classes and become contributors faster than in the uk and romania would have additional human capital and eu money . 
  ( as long as it 's not managed by our idiots ), 
  no , but you can limit employment oportunities and education for non eu memebers to eastern europe , direct urban developement money here , rather than already established bigger economic centers . 
  a canadian or australian would consider moving to romania on par with the uk , even more so because they come for oportunity not money . 
  a syrian and a angolan come for money and peace , both the romanian position and the uk one are again equally favorable , what is not is the imigration policy . 
  a refugee will go where he can get asylum a job and housing , those are currently national issues , i think they should be continental issues . 
  i think romania would benefit from the development funds ( and fund management , please do n't give our politicians any more money to manage they 're idiots ) , and the immigrants would have a easier time to adapt economically as they could very easily become middle class , ridding the economic wave . 
  not if nobody dies . 
  deciding you do n't want to be associated with the culture of your parents is your right . 
  ok , yeah , i was n't serious , i know that enough is more important than more to you guys . 
  hipsters are weird dude . 
  and i am just asking do n't translate movies , cartoons , media . 
  teach kids all the languages , let them choose the future : it may be polish/esperanto or italian/latin . 
  arbitrary education is social engeneering . 
  it would give a unfair advantage to english propaganda , language is more than a comunication tool , it is a way of thinking . 
  without going into details , a continentally mandated second language would be a cultural war . 
  make everyone at least trilingual before they enter kindergarden , our brains can easily handle it . 
  everyone keeps their local languages and start using their secondary languages colloquially . 
  after a generation , one will become more used so it becomes the main language or at least updates the official language with foreign jargon . 
  let society , culture and language evolve naturally . 
  you can not force people to behave or to act how you want , you can only encourage . 
  ( most civil conflict occurs because of a dissonance between population and government ), 
  a federal eu build on former national border basically means a trifecta of british , german and french politicians telling the rest of us what is in our best interest . 
  i am against social engeneering . 
  i think language should evolve naturally . 
  within 50 years most of europe will either speak english , french or german . 
  within 200 years most of the world will speak either english , arab or mandarin . 
  languages cannibalise one another , the most versatile and adaptive prevail . 
  i would argue that separating these regions would prevent concentrated economies , think germany compared to england . 
  yes berlin attract immigration but there is n't the imbalance that london provokes . 
  and with a decentralised effort we could manage immigrants more effectively . 
  transylvania has a reasonably heterogeneous economic development . 
  the issue with a centralised economy , concentrated in capitalism is that it is fundamentally uncompetitive . 
  bucharest would cannibalise sofia ( because it 's larger and very close ) , while thessaloniki would strangle bucharest due to it being more competitive and more economically interesting due to it 's geography . 
  ( but honestly i would love to see that fight ! ), 
  london is a big part of that , but i do n't know just how dense is the rest of southern england . 
  i was thinking along the lines of large concentrations of high density populations . 
  the ruhr and the low lands would be exclusively high density areas . 
  because the imigration system is retarded . 
  it bans on arbitrary ways and has no obligatory and effective integration policy post immigration . 
  a job is a job , the only reason they go to to england and not romania is that there are more job oportunities there . 
  make it a eu policy to move immigrants to the east and we 'll take them ( racial issues aside ), 
  language can be fixed within 3 generations . 
  it is just a nationally enforced cultural delimitation . 
  nuts already does that , does n't it ?
