  to bad , criminality is criminality , it 's not a immigration issue . 
  imigration is just a factor that needs to be taken into account sometimes . 
   yeah . 
  `` be great '' . 
  what a plan . 
  like no one is going to compete . 
  oh wait , every country does that . 
  that is the whole fucking point of trade , you find your niche and then you thrive . 
  general economies are good at self sufficiency but that mindset limits your focus and specialisation . 
   changing the tax system without changing the economic structure is suicide . 
  it depends , i do n't think even the germans would complain about lower taxes . 
   that 's currently a thing in germany . 
  how is n't the government broke ? 
  are the germans really that honorable ? 
  these are companies that want the eurozone advantages without the french taxation . 
  holy shit , capitalists apparently do n't like to be taxed . 
  in case of a general alert you can deploy a lot of troops , you just need some friendly airports to land them . 
   it is bordered to the northwest by armenia and azerbaijan , with kazakhstan and russia across the caspian sea ; to the northeast by turkmenistan ; to the east by afghanistan and pakistan ; to the south by the persian gulf and the gulf of oman ; and to the west by turkey and iraq . 
  and the us has a lot of friendly airports surrounding them . 
  poland was not occupied , it was a normal treaty . 
  i have no problem with those . 
   including russia which you hold in such high regard , also have foreign military bases . 
  i hold russia in equal regard as the us , china or brasil . 
  but if we would both just share our gripes about russia this would be a very boring conversation . 
  also russia did n't really invade any countries in recent history so actually forgeting to leave is not really a issue , aldough it could be argued that they forgot a lot of peace keeping troops in moldova . 
   i would not blame canada for allowing china to contribute to its defense . 
  fair enough , and what if canada would turn communist after a revolution some officials claim to be a coup d'etat ? 
  would that justify interventions under the pretext of protecting americans to destabilise the country ? 
  it very much does , the us is a racist country split between psotive racists and timid negative racists . 
   indians make over $ 90,000 per year on average . 
  fascinating , how come ? 
   75 % of americans thought immigration was a net benefit to the country do the republicans know that ? 
   so no , the us is not europe . 
  when too many brown people show up we dont start electing neo-nazi parties to counter it . 
  well you need actual plurality for that to happen , you just having right wing racist nutjobs promoted inside one of your main parties . 
  there is no iraqui goverment . 
  i do n't know , i do n't see the oil industry actually recovering , not to mention competing with sa in case there is a general alert how long do you think it will take to fill up all iranian neighbours with us soldiers , a week ? 
  honestly i fear for iran , because the last time a country feared all it 's neighbours and was surrounded we had a world war . 
  the us withdrew because both iraq and afganistan had ellection this year and their puppet goverments where under massive pressure , if they would not at least give the apearence of a retreat the countries would have rebelled . 
  ( because seriously , you ca n't risk fair elections in a country you do n't trust with it 's own fate ) . 
  otherwise , it is very rare that a occupied country asks the occupiers to leave . 
  the occupiers usually have enough decency to do it in a reasonable time frame . 
  the us does not have that level of decency . 
  the us has millitary assets in poland , the chech republic , turkey romania , grecce , iraq , afganistan , south koreea and japan ( although these are strategically meant to hold china . ), 
  i think the russians have more reason to be paranoid than the us . 
  if mexico and canada would become chinese ( because realistically russia only scares cold war veterans ) strategic allies , the us would react , violently . 
  i guarantee you that at least half of the us does n't because they are to brown . 
  to be fair , puerto rico is small , why give to senate seats to what is a historical mistake . 
  ( i bet some replublicans are hating themselfs for anexing hawaii for the last 8 years ), 
   russia ** at least has a interest and somewhat of an excuse ** and support ( pro russian ukrainians ) . 
  i was arguint that there is at least a reasonable reason and interest of the russian people for the intervention . 
  the us govement does not have a reasonable justification other than : bad things are happening there . 
  citgo , really ? 
  is it really that big ? 
  people revolt for a mixture or reasons vey few are reasonable . 
   the us got no resources or land . 
  they got something out of it , not sure if the saudis ( limiting iraqi oil industry modernisation ) or the us/israel got more out of it . 
  ( surrounding iran )  but you could argue that they did n't have a choice at the time . 
  actually they do , most winners do n't stay around . 
  only the us forgets to completely witdraw . 
  it 's kinda of creepy . 
   more recently , when china has been getting more aggressive , japan has requested more us presence . 
  this would be such a interesting tangent . 
  confucianist do n't have big enough egos to protest the terms of a superior force . 
  that is basically why after the fall of the tokugawa shogunate , japan was basically the most progrssive `` colony '' adopting western militarism and hybridising their society to become `` competitive '' . 
   the us typically does not get involved in internal conflicts where it is based  the current involvement was at the request of the iraqi government . 
   i was saying the us trading with south american nations instead of trying to rule them was an example of this , one russia and china have not learned yet . 
  i would argue that the us could not `` rule '' over them . 
  having a empire is hard and expensive . 
  both russia and to a lesser extent have imediate ( close proximity ) threats to their interest . 
  the us does not have any such issues . 
  consider the short temper of the americans combined with the close proximity to someone they ( and the american public ) would consider a ideological oposition or a traditional enemy ( in the case of china ) , do you think they would have manifested as much precaution as russia or china ? 
  you should visit , vietnam is amazing . 
   exports would increase because of a lower currency . 
  those referenced to the dollar , european exports would plummet due because they would cost more compared with `` internal products '' . 
  now if you are japan , you care about other markets , but i think most of france 's exports do n't leave the continent . 
   french exports are more sensible to price competitivity that german exports . 
  what ? 
  explicitly what do you mean , in practice . 
  also i was talking about imports , you import a lot of crap , so do we this is a unfortunate consequence of uninformed consumers and aggressive marketing in a globalised world . 
  the point is those people want iphones , if iphones become to expensive they will buy second hand iphones , they will not console themselves with alcatels . 
   thus increasing our competitivity and our tourism ( do i need to explain the importance of tourism in france ? 
  do i need to explain what a sorry industry it , it is higly volatile , it creates low end seasonal jobs and it has no economic ramifications . 
  it 's a industry even grecce realised is pathetic to create a budged out of and you want to become poorer just so you can compete with grecce or portugal . 
  sorry but that is insane . 
   it means french projects become 10 % cheaper , increasing foreign attractivity . 
  you know what will stop foreigners in their tracks , loosing 10 % of the value in all their foreign assets . 
   overall , depreciation will increase the activity and create jobs . 
  that 's exactly what we need . 
  no , it just kicks the bucket down the road , it makes credit harder to get and it focuses your efforts on the wrong issues , you need to become taiwan not greece . 
  even greece is tired of being greece . 
   uk had a 25 % depreciation . 
  when ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   i 'd need a source and example for this . 
  would a quota suffice ? 
  http://www.atradiusdutchstatebusiness.nl/dsben/products/exchance-risk-insurance/index.html  lol . 
  we 're the 6th exportator in the world that does n't matter if the customer wants a iphone , the cheese part was sarcastic , you preduce high end telecomunication and machinery and pharmaceuticals mostly , but those are still not iphones . 
  people buy what they buy because they want those specific products , they wo n't buy french and they will not buy up the excees production that exporters did n't manage to sell . 
   which means a 10 % depreciation would increase activity a lot .
