  i actually do , i think your goverment sets a bad example of what a democratic goverment should be allowed to do and your citizens believe a fantasy that their goverment has their best interest at heart . 
  i however do n't see the fantasy or the made up part of my complaints . 
  because that is their job , as the superior house , to stop idiots from passing laws , but do n't be fooled by this when the belt tightens , they wo n't let noblesse oblige stop them from putting themselves first , and you ca n't do a thing to get rid of them . 
  the disregard for workers has been a long standing tradition in britain , the post thacherism workers vs freeloaders dichotomy is purelly political , to sell `` anti welfare '' and pro business propaganda to the electorate without actually having to do anything for small business and the growth of an organic economy . 
  just say `` fuck , no ! '', 
  ... and continue saying it until they change , or you die - is life without reddit actually worth living anyway ( just kidding do not kill yourself , but do protest until death by natural causes ( rubber bullets , police batons , tanks ) occurs ), 
  if it 's `` optional '' , why is n't it an opt-in system and why start with the premise that those who want freedom of information should be centralised on a list ? 
  the problem is more profound , this basically opens the gates to censorship , you can filter anarchist blogs , and right wing propaganda at first , but then slowly extend the content to anything that is `` unpatriotic '' and when dissent actually spills onto the street you have a nice little list of `` troublemakers '' . 
  from this side it was kinda obvious , your monarchy is still deeply intertwined with your government , i mean the house of lords was exclusively hereditary up until ' 97 . 
  your government 's contempt for the poor and continuous support and admiration for the rich , is almost medieval , sorry man , but from my imperfect democracy your country never adopted the notion of `` government by the people , for the people '' . 
  oh ... and the ridiculous amounts of cameras , no country should have its people under such scrutiny . 
  define europe ... ( i am assuming you mean boom from a business pov ) - most dynamic cities in `` our part of the world '' are moskow , st petersburg , istanbul , bursa and izmir ( for expansion , new clients or new markets ) - albania , kosovo and croatia have strong potential for sustained growth because of their geographical advantages ( good for long term investment , low yielding and risky in the short term ) - if you 're thinking about most favorable for a start-up probably the baltic states ( they seem to develop a healthy dutch attitude to new business and they 're in the eu ), 
  it worked , you have spiked my interest , ... despite the weird music and fast foward video, 
  strangely it feels serbian ... 
  great article , must read for everyone on this reddit tl ; dr for / r/europe 's chauvinists : the resilience of the new members during the financial crisis and the swift and profound sacrifices that states like latvia have made is proof that the pejorative umbrella term of `` eastern europeans '' is antiquated and belittling to the diversity and fortitude of the new member states . 
  people should not be judged because of their leaders , their wealth or their history . 
   i believe our older generation ( 30-35 + ) is able to do anything . 
  this means they are also succeptible to beeing passive in the face of corruption , to not demand real change , and to tolerate incompetence and lack of vision from their leaders source : my country lacks cultural vision and genuine leadership , the communist erased any form of authentic civil society and put corrupt bureaucrats in their place , every field from literature to the church , that has leaders formed by the previous regime is inherently defective , and spreads that inadequacy to its younger members and to its supporters . 
  a tragic example was when the national cultural institut , that was acting as a middle man between the former ruling party and corrupt journalists and other cultural leaders , had its budget slashed students rose up in protest against the cuts , without any thought to what the money actually was used for . 
  chauvinists do n't like nuances it confuses them , they see the world as `` them '' vs `` some other people that are inherently inferior to them '' . 
  and conventional media is aimed at the old and at the stupid , both have sensitive egos , so you want to entertain their biases more than educate and challenge their preconceived notions, 
   ... catholic right wing not again , it 's like 1478 all over again ( edit : joke ) but seriously , tell me there is a serious opposition to this , coming from the public and media . 
  so we are in the bottom of the main comment , of a chauvinist bait tread so no real karma risk for you . 
  so let 's go ... 1 . both countries have a poulation of less than half of romania `` s 2 . georgia has economical resources that clearly overweigh its economical burden ( the caucasus is another rurh ) 3 . moldovans will probably emigrate in mass to romania do to the almost inexistent language barrier which means a more swift and painless ( for the eu ) integration 4 . 
  at best these countries will join in 2030 , due to geopolitical context and internal instability 5 . before that i almost guarantee the eu 's policy of pay and forget will have changed not because of new members but because of the southern members so what are your financial and factual concerns ? 
  i could say that for the last 40 years of american diplomacy, 
  historical journalism obstructed by ads - such a good metaphor, 
  that 's my point space tech is n't developing tech that can grow consumer markets , therefor the technology does n't actually reach the public , and in no way reaches the underprivileged public . 
  there is no overpopulation problem , there is an education problem ... anyway space colonization is a pipe dream until you cheat relativity , which is done by physics not astronomy . 
  2 . discovering a asteroid in advance will accomplish nothing if we do n't have the social unity , economic strength and technological fortitude to destroy it - all of these are severely neglected in the present . 
  i did n't say they ca n't , i 'm not blaming astronomy for poor people . 
  i was just manifesting my dismay that our society values overpriced ( nationalist ) ego stroking , that lacks any form of tangible benefits , to human solidarity and empathy . 
  no actually the only thing that makes tehnology cheaper is economic interest for companies that see a financial opportunity in developing the sector or government subsidies . 
  it is all political , both have little to no financial return , i 'm not saying money spent on high end research could be spent for social problems ; my problem is that we as a society should decide that our main objectives should be the eradication of child mortality due to famine , lack of water or religious conflict . 
  this is why environmental agendas or the anti-globalist rhetoric aggravates me , that is not a world problem , that is a privileged college graduate in a wealthy country problem . 
   i believe it 's much more risky to further limit space exploration . 
  why so ? 
  my issue is socially equity , all high tech spinoffs are gadgets that are to expensive to actually add value to the poor part of our society . 
  you can argue , but that 's not my problem , and you are right , but again this is my opinion , i do n't measure civilisation by how many wealthy children get relief from brain tumors or how environmentally friendly we are , imo there is no western , african civilisation , since we can travel around the world faster than daylight ( less than 24 hours ) , i think we are all one community and on average we suck . 
  most of us are unsure if they will have enough resources to survive next year , and the rest of us are absorbed by petty , meaningless conflicts concerning our overinflated egos and hypocritical ideals and do n't really give a shit about morality if it does n't take into account our privileged values . 
  new , interesting and helpful means nothing when you do n't have access to water food or your family gets killed by a religious militant . 
  sry to be a downer but christmas really makes me feel guilty about how lucky and helpless i am . 
  happy holidays anyway . 
  i think societal progress has been influenced very little by expensive research endeavours , and by comparison even discovering the higgs has potentially more real life applications than discovering exoplanets or measuring dark energy expansion . 
  i 'm not anti-research i just think , space exploration should n't be a priority for government funding . 
  just my view , * as long as we ( the human race ) have n't reached a moral equilibrium that allows the least fortunate to live a decent life , any form of overly expensive research is arrogant and immoral * i do not agree with the `` national pride '' aspect of scientific research , an american accomplishment is as valuable for humanity 's progress as a european one . 
  * about 150 euros * yes , i 'm in that awkward period when i have more time than money * that type of food is the trifecta , nasty , unhealthy and expensive * my uncle does , but i think it 's more of a nostalgia thing , than for organic or any practical purpose . 
  * i personally do n't give a fook , also there is a lot of confusion about organic/vegan/fasting complaicent in the market , i honestly doubt any decent producer has acces to a large distribution chain for those specialty products . 
  ( personal note , i would prefer free range meat , but the eu almost killed off , actual free range rural farming and the `` organic farm '' initiatives are only used as a chance to mark up the price ) * most restaurants suck ( a lot are a front for money laundering so they actually do n't give a fuck about clients ) , and those that do n't suck jack up their prices as if it was a government mandate * 24 , student/uneployed/struggling entrepreneur, 
  define economic crisis please ... 
  the fact of the matter is ; all post-1990 's growth ( except for germany and japan ) was inflated by a lot of capital . 
  the only gains in actual productivity where due to technology and most of the added value in that secgment was paid to the us or india ( replace with your countries outsourcing partner ) you can decide if you want to continue on this unhealty and unsustanable type of growt or you can say : `` we have enough , lets build something better for the future '' in the first case , in the first case , you spend , you build ridiculously expensive thing on government money . 
  you make it easy for companies in the tourism sectors to take out loans with state guarantees . 
  reducfe government spending in social services and put that money to a keynesian use . 
  you should bank a lot of externalities by q3 , and hopefully foreign income durring the tourist season will cover most expenses by year 2 . 
  now if you choose the second option you invest in education ( quality over quantity ) , you invest in business incubators and technological hubs , you try to maximize your contry 's energy autonomy ( you have waves , sun and wind use them ) , you concentrate on commerce and encourage service providers to look to other countries for clients , you become the country that gets outsourced work , and foreign capital . 
  the main problem is none of these will generate 2000 's growt , the first will come close , but international conditions are different ( looking at you america ) . 
  and the second one , is a long term strategy that has little to no affect in the short term , also thee is a great risk in investing in the education of people , for them to use it in other countries so it requires a lot of strategic developments that have to be made in parallel . 
  your main goal is n't nominal growth in gdp or even gdp/capita , rather you need to focus on growing a new generation that will have a greater $ / employee for their employers . 
  look everybody , a interesting , constructive , profound and noncontroversial comment, 
  all of these are for your companies in case you did n't notice you as an individual get side effects . 
  just saying this might be related with last weeks report that said european banks need 500 billion to be adapt to the new regulations . 
  this sound like , - - hey brussels , we got central and eastern european financial systems over here that need love to . 
  stupid activism only dilutes the importance of the act and generates hostility from `` neutrals '' . 
  the best way ? 
  against political system built on general complacency and propaganda ? 
  how about a fucking youth party ? 
  take nationalists put them with liberals and greens , gather up the idealists from the youth branches of established parties and add the anarchists and new age socialists just to balance out nationalists . 
  at any given time there are about 600 000 students in romania , multiply that by 3 and you have the population under 30 that are not represented politically , that 's more people than voted for the pdl in last years election . 
  of course we wo n't get them all , but we do n't have to , just saying there is a real tangible possibility here , if activism would n't be wasted on general `` i do n't like x '' protests, 
  * cheap qualified labor * expansion oportunities * cheap and dependent suppliers * uneducated and unprotected consumers with growing disposable income * and ideologically retarded politicians that are n't really loyal but would never contradict a western country 's political view ( speaking only for romania ), 
  herd does n't mean majority , it means a gathering of similar individual guided by a collective behavior , which they are . 
  most modern day protest are this way , the problem is n't lack of activism , its stupid activism , with no considerable measure of how important the subject is or whether or not protesting is the best way to solve the problem it 's quantity vs quality taken translated into civil disobedience . 
  sorry , did n't mean to bundle you up with the rest of the facebook activists . 
  believe me , we would be the only receivers if our politicians organised the eu . 
   would the us do the marshall plan if it was n't in their best interest ? 
  is he suggesting ...  free trade with eastern european countries with uncompetitive economies is n't in his county 's best interest, 
  maybe , but i 'm not jealous at your activism , i just made an critical observation at the satirical nature of the photo . 
  i do n't point out the futility of your action , the hilarity of playing a political game for people you hate , the sheer absurdity of burning hope and solidarity without a clear goal . 
  i just comment on a photo . 
  i rarely matters , in our world of ideals , there are rarely grey areas . 
  i do n't believe that news is arbitrary , especially financial news . 
  it was actually a lot better implemented than eu support funds , not only was it in direct investments most of it , there was a lot of indirect aid by buying contracts , in a way the us financed european industries by neglecting native ones , i very much doubt french farmers or german companies ever accepting such a deal . 
  are you suggesting free trade with eastern european countries with uncompetitive economies is n't in yours ? 
   we 're talking about an important region yes its in the west  500k inhabitants . 
  bankers and their famillies, 
  i 've actually notices quite a strong pr push from our local raiffeisen bank to , are the big bosses planing on selling it ? 
  or is it so the eu does n't forget she needs a bailout to ? 
  yeah , but a herd will always hate the ones who do n't join . 
  do n't underestimate the insanity a grazed ego is capable of , but anyway i was merely exagerating the neolib 's point that the way to peace is to have one master ruler that can stump out small conflicts, 
  do n't mistake me for a american , international community means a consensus of more than one nation , america is also guilty for starting unilateral wars , but that does n't make it right , and it does n't excuse russia 's intervention . 
  let them be independent , or rejoin russia , that is n't the issue , the issue is there is a precedent for russia to use it 's military without repercussions against sovereign nations . 
  and again just because the us is doing it does n't make it right . 
  in principle you never unilaterally invade a country but it seems they where defending ossetians so they have diplomatic cover . 
  i 'm not advocating a military intervention , but a economic barrage . 
  you ca n't decide unilaterally who gets to be a country , that is what the international community is for . 
  where did you read that report ? 
  south osetia is a territory within georgia from the perspective of the international community . 
  from that point of view russia crossed the border of an independent state without provocation . 
  going into details about what escalated the conflict , it is very unlikely that georgia shot first considering the powerful consequence it was clearly going to have .
