  bears are not all that bad , do you feel bad for a trained neutered dog ? 
  is it just me that thinks we should not support corrupt goverments ? 
  ( also the azeri finalised a gas deal with georgia and some austrians earlier this month , do i smell russians ? ), 
  well glad to see that everyone is hating on the people that where crying wolf , but instead or reiterating my pro nuclear position and get some cheap karma , i would like you all to look trough the history of this reddit and see that you wanted nuclear to go away , not interests groups , not politicians but idealistic cunts like you that jump on subjects like kony , ukraine , ows , lybia , without thinking , you jump on the band wagon that is presented to you as right and advocate it because you have no real values of your own . 
  for your own good , think of a issue that is close to you , and search a contrary point of view , a rational balaced one not a radical that you can easaly dismiss and try to understand his perspective , do n't let yourself invent ad hominems . 
  listen to his arguments . 
  only by understanding the other side can you actually do a issue justice . 
   with the stance of european politicians are you fucking kidding me ? 
  it was us , our generation of idealistic idiots that jump on issues according to what is most fashionable . 
  the politicians did nothing more than pander to a very vocal schizophrenic electorate . 
  if animals feel , ca n't they feel love ? 
  maybe they love their human partners , they are after all more often than not their pets , so the receive care , food , shelter and emotional comfort . 
  or maybe animals just think of it as another gratouitous orgasm . 
  i think if you get to decide the degree of anthropomorphisation you are a cunt and you should not get to decide what other people do in their private lives . 
  seriously , soon you won 'd be able to fuck your flashlight because it ca n't consent either . 
  ( your job is to figure out if this is outrage or sarcasm and judge me accordingly ), 
  animal rape ? 
  you should be ashamed of yourself for trivialising that word . 
  i know internet people love `` science '' . 
  but maybe when you have large economic issues research should not be a priority, 
  i would argue that we should cut out `` academic journalism '' and political science agencies out of science in general , because they have as much to do with reshearch as lawyers . 
  i would argue that both academia and science press have done more to hurt the pursuit of actual knowledge than religious advocates , because of them there is no valid economic counterpoint to global warming , because of them science is a bunch of issues in shearch for advocates instead of prespectives of reality . 
  and when agencies will care more about representing the best interest of society rather than specific lobbing groups then i will care about their concerns . 
  absolutely agree , but why be a spaniard , why not spread the whealth , yes a already developed region will grow faster and easier , but show southerners some love . 
  i heard horrible things about valencia , but your soccer teams where top class . 
  i would argue that by investing in a dead region you increase internal competition , you distribute employment opportunities ( it 's better to have 5000 jobs in cadiz than to have them in valencia , because those who can move will move and those that remain will have fewer people to fight over the established jobs . 
  ) , close developmental gaps and avoid already established local mafias ( i 'm romanian , so i ca n't thing of a developent project withou takng into account the propencaty of people to be nice to their `` in laws '' ), 
  facilitating the developement of a trade companies around the harbour . 
  think wall street but for cargo . 
  because the south is under developed and spains regional development strategy is non existent . 
  somewhat , fiscal heaven is a oversimplified accounting scheme , you get nothing other than a couple of hundred very well payed jobs . 
  but if you extent incentives to trading companies and brokers then you might develop a healthy horizontal service industry that services africa , the americas and southern europe . 
  think trading hub , more amsterdam and hamburg than bermuda . 
  stock market brokers got their name from international trade brokers . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/customs_broking most of the world economy runs on trade , not capital . 
  you can have 160 stock markets , it 's kinda irrelevant . 
  at best it 's just a concentration of capital based on highly publicly traded companies , at worst it can be a rich guy 's club where rich guys help other rich guys hide profits . 
  well it 's not exclusively about taxes , these types of developements are higly negotiated between a developer and the local autorities , they could get land , office space , maybe even a solar powered power station . 
  it 's not as simple as just changing the law . 
  fiscal autonomy may be a bit much , let 's say fiscal exceptionalism . 
  why not expand the port to a international trading port and encourage some trade brokerages . 
  give the region fiscal autonomy and give gibraltar , amsterdam and london a run for their money . 
  do you think these idiots could get a consensus for an all out war participation ? 
  modern wars are payed for not fought . 
  the only damage is ideological . 
  til about immingham and algeciras, 
  labour was never socialist enough to argue it being working class , it was just liberalism that in comparaison to the torries where very blue collar after the great reaganomic reform . 
  did they use them ? 
  because realistically labour was the only one that gave 2 shits . 
  ukip is very down to earth , it 's not as much as they give them attentio , but at least the language and their arguments are easy to understand and clear : like lega north in itally , liberals for university graduates and conservatives for old city people . 
  notice that i do n't come from a perspective of partie pander to people , but rather parties are created for a specific socio-economic group and expand on that base . 
  i prefer liberal as in pro european or soft socialist , because if you say the s word people cry straw man . 
  i think the '' torry  ukip '' is a fallacy they invented to somehow argue a continuum . 
  torries are just as statists as labour ( and like most of britain ) the libertarian spin is a modern twist because it 's fashionable . 
  finally we 're using that overweight tourist attraction for something more interesting that just a post card cliche . 
  they are n't conservative minded ( whatever that means ) , those people where labour supporters in the 90s . 
  they where betrayed by the left that turned out to be as elitist ( liberal ) and detached from the issues that affect blue collar workers as the tories . 
  oh liberal arrogance , you are either with us , because we are obviously the only ones that are right or you are wrong due to a inherent bias that you have no control over . 
  so much romantic autism , even in france . 
  just say no to cunts . 
  some people just do n't get the difference between love and friendship . 
  where the fuck are these conservatives coming from ? 
  are they previously undecided ? 
  you seriously need to be brain dead or a ideological retard to not jump on the increased `` conservative '' ( blue collar ) support , but apparently the tories are that stupid . 
  that is what happens when you do n't have real problems . 
  god i hate how retarded this generation is - more idealism than common sense . 
  no , what is fucked up is not living with the consequences of a massive fuck up . 
  they should document their rape and post it to tumblr so other idealists will learn from their stupidity . 
  that is how society progresses . 
  if there are no consequences people will just fuck up continously . 
  let people fuck up . 
  let countries have unsustainable immigration policies and then destroy their social programs . 
  let nationalists elect nazis that trow them into poverty and political isolation . 
  let people fail so they serve as an example for the rest of us . 
  that is n't switzerland that is middle earth . 
  it 's not innocent at all ask the americans that like european food . 
  issues like cheese or wine are some of the most heavily contested products when negotiating trade agreements , because a tire is a tire , trasportation storage and markets are somewhat universal , but when it comes to food and drugs national policies vary wildly and a country playing 2 trade zones at best can profit from acting as a cheap go between , but it can also treaten consumer health . 
  who 's quoting propaganda now ? 
   http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/rus/ it 's more common sense than genius but thank you anyway . 
  that is the argument for not playing 2 different trade zones , a importer could reexport cheese or products that require a special policy and this could lead to undesirable effects : like frech cheese not being properly refrigerated because it get treated like regular non moldy cheese and people getting sick . 
  romanian is a latin country , it nauseam sounds weird to my ears . 
  i do not care about pakistan , i do care about abuse , and as some have ebola or pakistani immigrants , my agenda is the admision that there is no virtue in geopolitics and when it does come up , it is just propaganda . 
  i do n't think so , i just think it 's a measure of public discourse , and there is none over here . 
  sensitive issues are as taboos as before 1989 when you never knew if your view ended you in prison or with a lively circle jerk with a similarly disgruntled comrade . 
   you desperately need this ruse to deflect from russia 's transgressions . 
  that is far from the point , also , why does antiamericansm mean i support pro russian imperialism ? 
   again , the u.s. 's wrongs do not make russia right , i did not say that . 
  point me where i said russia is nice ? 
  you can repeat it ad nauseam but it 's a rebutal to a position i do not hold . 
   it will never excuse putin 's neo-soviet violence . 
  again , how the fuck does one country 's imperialism excuse another country 's abuses . 
  ( russia did not interfere directly in any proxy wars outside of it 's regional interests ) . 
  i do n't get why having selfish superpowers is unconcievable for you , why you need a good and evil dichotomy at the world stage . 
   i would even go so far as to say moscow is more dangerous now than it has ever been i agree , but being paranoid about them does not difuse the situation and only aplifies knee-jerk reactions . 
  ( i feel like i need to clarify because you like interpreting : we should be ferm , we should accelerate the process of integrating the western ukraininians into the eu and nato , we should set a clear do not cross line and prepare for all out war if that line will be crossed , but recycling anti russian propaganda and idolatrising nato is not productive and does nothing but to incite hatred and make our foreign policy schizoid and vulnerable to russian exploits . ), 
   you are a minority among them . 
  the majority is n't instantly right , it just gets to decide . 
  technically the russian economy wo n't even feel it , i think there are at best a handfull of exporters that need the agreement and i even doubt that those are dealing exclusively with moldova . 
  but you are right , it does effect the economy , hell , the russian policy on ukraine will effect my gas prices , so should have putin have called me and at least consult with me on the ukraine thing . 
  but seriously , listen to yourself : moldova should be carefull of it 's trady policy because french cheese could be smugled in to russia indirectly .
