  i agree , however rethink the notion that we ever known `` reality '' , only in hindsight can we actually make relatively valid judgement values , and even those are filtered through the lens of the winners . 
  yes , you need it in a post existential world view , people would n't spend money or accept wars if they did n't believe in them . 
  no , the prosecution was a humanitarian showcase . 
  your ideology is irrelevant , each one has it 's benefits and short falls in the case of modern superstates and international trade capitalism has more quantitive gains that can be taxed to support the state , while the people are self motivated to be productive by a mix of cultural nihilism and social ambition ( the exact opposite of communism where `` cultural '' fulfilment and a lack of social ambition was encouraged ) . 
  further more if you look at ideologies on a purely social axis capitalism is more favored under fascist regimes than democracies , and in times of peace democracies tent to sway towards socialism because of humanist tendencies in the middle class . 
  university educated people tend toward collective responsibility , it 's a fact of existentialist life . 
  the only argument for capitalism is that of economic freedom but in times of poverty that becomes even more limited than in a communist state sans the national safety net . 
  the government cant feed it 's crony satellites so embarks on riskier and riskier policies . 
  soon the only viable alternative is starting up the biggest job creator and social stimulant there is : war . 
  if you do n't have a important rival or just want to spend money indefinitely , without tangible objectives ; you declare war on nouns : communism , drugs or terrorism . 
  the issue is that if you are a austrian capitalist , you see the economic futility of this venture and you dread the day when a plutocratic , all powerful , government needs to tighten the belt and the mouths of its citizens . 
  i would like to point out that in it 's current form , the us tends to veer very dangerously towards a plutocracy , as a fringe extremist faction managed , not only to shut down the government , but dictate the terms and issues of the whole country does politics . 
  this coming from the party that defends individual freedom , because the abuse of security measures , the democrats passed trough would have been unacceptable for any western citizen before nixon but somehow acceptable during a non combative president.but it 's not only the us , it 's a rule , western countries are implementing security measures that would make ss oficers prematurely ejaculate . 
  and in fact most of the tools of abuse arab dictators use to fight disidents are produced and tried in western countries first . 
  and i 'm not saying he is condemnable , i am just repulsed by the notion that he is asked about a international issues adn his opinion is valued , it is a vulgar joke , kinda like asking hitler about what he thinks of the 6 day war . 
  i do not argue that the russians are better , just that people need to maintain a perspective on how grey recent history is . 
  the documentary was a power/money scheme nobody is a saint especially when it comes to their job , but it is a fundamental proof that genuine free expression ( and doubt abouta western country 's foreign policy ) existed quite recently . 
  now we live in a age where the nyt stops printing articles about humans right violations , so do you think the west has a moral high ground ? 
  what if the russians hand snowden over covertly and the us remains suspiciously silent while they anex the whole of the ukraine . 
  who is the villain then , is there a hero ? 
  fixed, 
  you wake up , without chance the us would have staide a colony until the late 18 century , do you really thing your shitty colonies would have stood a change against the british empire if it was n't for france and spain suporting your to weaken england ? 
  do you think if it was n't for it 's isolated position , the us would have stood a change or even fought in the first world war ? 
   capitalism won since the fall of the iron wall and i guess the us with it 's plutocracy , disfunctional 2 party goverment , overextensive state financed military industry and keynesian interventionism is the pinnacle of capitalism , right . 
  you are the one that knows nothing only what he is told by your leaders and deserve your fate . 
  first of all national wars are a recent ( well kinda in a historical sense ) invention , civilian casualties are a 20th century reimagining of the spoils of war idea , as a consequence of the total war . 
  modern civilians were n't going to tolerate being just ad ons that came with a newly conquered piece of land . 
  now the moral high ground is early 20th century war propaganda extended to our pro western culture . 
  procesing war crimes is just a way to argue that the wars that wester people finance and support have a moral rationale . 
  it is hard to argue knowing the strategies implemented by americans during the cold war that they uphold any moral high ground . 
  yes the soviets killed a lot of people but they where mostly their own , also how many people died due to the fact that they prefered a communist system , and happened to be in the wrong part of the planet so the us destabilized it just because it was the `` right '' thing to to ? 
  combine the might of the us with the propaganda of `` the war for democracy/capitalism/on drugs/on terorism '' and you have a world where not only does might make right but it tells you what to think about it afterwards . 
  i disagree , the second age of american imperialism brough a lot of global hate . 
  now that the russians are just secondary characters and terrorism is n't really as ominous as western game theorist hoped . 
  the us 's shine is faining fast , i would not bet against kissinger being prosecuted for war crimes post mortem in a pr stunt . 
  absolutely not , your wealth is determined by chance , you can have a perfect fledgeling central american democracy and loose the geopolitical dice trow and apear as a strategic issue on the radar of someone like kissinger , revolution is staged , dictator reaches power genocide ensues . 
  bad fucking luck . 
   your * right i \u00b4 m all pro usa . 
  not sure if naive or works for the nsa anyway watch oliver 's stone presentation of american politics and learn to differentiate between winners and heroes * you 're not a native english speaker are you, 
  as a atheist and a fellow positivist you should know better , when one of us leaves this irrational and absurd world it should n't be a moment of sadness because it is inherently selfish to wish a rational mind staying in this asylum just for one 's own entertainment . 
  we should remember the greats and celebrate them not hang on to their memory . 
  by that logic only wealthy countries have competent leaders . 
  every country in the world had a rough start , the overview of major powers has always had a disruptive influence on the natives , but i do n't expect you to know that as you have a severely pro western bias * * disclaimer , i have a severely anti western bias , but my ideas on geopolitical ethics are still valid, 
  that just shows how much the media lacks substance and dept. 
  listen to the imperialist ideas he spews , ukrains faith should not be decided by the major powers but by themself . 
  the west should not leverege helping them for a place at the negotiation table . 
  you either stand by your principles or stop playing the role of global protector . 
  yes indeed , even my deeply cynical heart gave a beat . 
  now if someone would look into the isp 's maybe i could be able to actually watch a football game . 
  the only consensus was we hate the status quo . 
  you need tangible demands to be taken serious . 
  and more importantly , you need voices to speak and to represent your movement . 
  and a long term development plan . 
  these last 2 factors are inexistent in modern day movements . 
  and that is why they fail to bring long term sustainable change . 
  just removing a leader does not change the system . 
  let 's stop pretending uk has an independent tought when it comes to foreign policy . 
  let 's concentrate on what germany is doing , they are the biggest importers of resources from russia and they are for better or worse the eu 's central military pillar . 
  i would venture a guess that poland is acting as a proxy for german interests . 
  and i alse think that the russians know this . 
  but sevastopol is still important and putin ca n't afford to look weak . 
  again i would like to take the chance and mention that my country 's government is useless , and all the money we spend on our spy agencies and military is pointless . 
  it does n't take a genius to figure that out , you just need to not listen to news outlets . 
  are suggesting they 're fat ? 
  can we really afford 2 % of gdp to spend on bullshit ? 
  it serves no role other than entertaining the idea that we can be `` allies '' to the us 's military campaigns . 
   i never got the impression we boasted with our military power we do , for what we are we do , after washington gives a summary judgement we alaways back it up 160 % without a second tough or analis of how it actually affects us . 
  but more importantly , we use it as backing for our diplomatic circlejerk . 
  everytime moldova or russian energy is brough up we act tough and when the russians respond we pretend we do n't hear them . 
   and we really should i kinda disagree , yes this is the modern rational but in practice , modern day warfare gives an incredible edge to the ones that spend the most so actual effectiveness of any conventional army is kinda inexistent especially when you consider that declarations of war is a phassed out practice and military installations are destroyed before the first invader enters the country . 
  if you look at modern history conventional armies where all but useless in defending their ( smaller ) countries , however almost all foreign invasions suffered more due to civil insurgencies and guerillas . 
  the most rational and cost effective defense only practice is obligatory military training and remove the illusion that global peace will be reached because we have 180 armies ready to tear each other apart . 
  but that 's what pisses me off , in times of peace or non subjects both the press and politicians act like we 're the us 's easter european right hand . 
  our entire military budged was pushed with that agenda in mind , the whole `` where to good to share use of fighters with the bulgarians and greeks '' was based on the premise that we 're important shits . 
  i have no problem of going the no military power path like iceland or liechtenstein , i do not oppose paying and playing a more important role strategically and militarily , but the hipocrisy just pisses me off , you pay the money but have the autonomy of new jersey . 
  everyone relax , they just have to move some `` non existent military assets '' out of sevastopol . 
  the same thing will be done by americans when they live cuba , or the french when the live mv$ \u00df $ # ( * ) for social warriors : bad things happen , fighting only aggravates egos using human bodies for ` mericans : this is what happens when you pretend to protect democracy on a global scale , stop pretending your army serve any other goal than ensuring your economic and cultural supremacy to romanians : we just missed a huge opportunity to act as a somewhat relevant political player in the region and build a trustworthy relation with the ukrainians , moments like this make it painfully obvious that all of our military spending is pointless and is more a nato formality than anything else , we have generals out the wazoo but lack any form of diplomatic initiative . 
  ( * ) ( redacted for security reasons ), 
  but it 's not a social issue , you choose to share your rights with another person , it can be argued that the state intervenes when it comes to social security but for the most part it 's a contract between 2 people . 
  gender should not be an issue when it comes to laws especially civil ones . 
  you misunderstood me , the simple fact that this needs to be legiferated is a abuse , marriage should not require approval from the state . 
  gay acceptance just puts a spin on a severe abuse of government power . 
  london fairs decently well if they are let alone , the british hate to be fooled and have a nose for this type of thing , their politicians however are as slimy and as hypocritical as any . 
  my fear is that these financial entities have enough leverage and capital that they can dictate the regulation and politicians will accept them happily pushing the issue into the future for the next guy to solve it . 
  i said right wingers not republicants not southerners . 
  and i do n't think its a developed nation thing i think its a common sense thing . 
  the state should have no right to forbid you from sharing your life with a partner based on what type of genitals you have . 
  who did that money benefit ? 
  the volume of money that stock markets work with would benefit the economy exponentially more . 
  i am not talking from the point of view of a neo socialist , or anarchist , i am a libertarian , and stock markets can be beneficial in their basic form , but what we currently have is a poker game played with a large part of all our money that can have consequences in the real economy and effect all of us . 
  so centralised capital injections results in an excess of capital gains in top companies within a corrupt country , huh , never would have guessed . 
  but seriously , the stock market is a public poker game played with excess capital . 
  it is correlated with the economy because they both work better with excess liquidity , however unless you are a broker with considerable pull in the industry the stock market will contribute to your well being one euro . 
  and liquidity tends to concentrate in unstable times in the stock market bypassing the economy because it offers more predictable and higher gains in the short term . 
  my assumption is that the number of voters wo n't change all that much , and those that will vote will do so with an agenda already in their mind . 
  and i gave labour that much ahead because those pro-europeans will still vote for someone that is not the ukip , it could be the now moderate conservative ( i bet cameron is kinda betting on it ) but i find it more probable they will go for labour . 
  well you do n't need to be pro euro to be pro eu , i think at the moment only contries that have the euro are pro-euro , cause they do n't really have a choice . 
  traditional parties do n't really have much to gain out of the debate , this is more like a really long and boring political ad for both the libs and ukip 's electorate considering they both adopted the strategy of eu ( and anti-eu ) or bust . 
  so most probably they will talk at one another rather than actually debate , cause it can turn up bad for both of them . 
  i ca n't imagine labours/libs electorate remaining passive when faced with so much anti eu rhetoric from the right wingers .
