  no , you misunderstood me , i 'm sorry , i was referring to the fact that over here when you run a small business you kinda juggle with position titles , remuneration and workload to save up on costs . 
  and some managers are n't beneath the practice of remunerating full time jobs with par time salaries . 
  the only thing that keeps bottom end jobs become irrelevant over time due to inflation is the minimum wage . 
  so free overworked interns are not a thing up north ? 
  people do n't care about goverment abuse unless it effects them directly my issue is the 3 % hurdle , for a country with a large population that translates as a very high campaign cost for small parties . 
  but what about entrepreneurs and small businesses that can invent positions ? 
  the specific measures are meant to tackle consumer sectors because they offer the most publicity bang for the buck . 
  while major industries and energy goes uncontested because the have lobbyist and advocated that cry out think of the jobs . 
  but beyond the political issue you force the consumers to buy broken products , a 1 liter engine car can not climb a hill and 900 w vacuum cleaners are simply useless . 
  thanks . 
  fuck this shit carbon cuting is for headlines , first cars that can actually climb a hill get outlawed and this year vacuum cleaners that can actually vacuum get banned . 
  just saying target the energy industry not the consumers . 
  i speak for all romanians when i say this , you 're welcome , romanians ca n't swim and we are to poor to fly to the uk so most of our invasion was done by rail or ferry . 
  why is n't this a bigger scandal ? 
  are people okay with a 3 % quota ? 
  1 . no minimum wage in sweden and finland , hoq interesting , do unions have more power to compensate for the imbalance or are companies really that socially responsible and do n't abuse the system ? 
  minimum wage acros the eu would have very destructive effects for economies with low productivity , i really hope this is n't a thing . 
  ~ ~ here , here ~ ~ , hear hear , be proud , be british continental tariffs would be welcomed , who needs exports , and us mere continental plebs are not worthy of british excellence anyway . 
   however , this policy in itself is no guarantor of increased or improved competition . 
  what is guaranteed is that if no change is implemented the concentration will only increase , and the arguments for to big to fail are solidified . 
   firstly , capping a good bank that is seen as delivering an excellent service with fair fees is actually denying a new generation of would be bank customers the opportunity to open banking facilities according to their choice . 
  not capping them will deny opportunities for any new financial service company to enter the market , make it more resilient and develop new services . 
  we are talking about financial services where you do n't have large overheads . 
   one has to ask how can we trust the labour party when they oversaw the appointment of a former labour councillor , paul flowers as co-op bank chairman only for him to be engulfed in a drugs scandal and exposed for a total lack of any banking knowledge . 
  does that mean labor should be banned from the ballot ? 
  or that conservatives are immune to it ? 
  also why use a political issue to argue for a economical policy , this kinda starts to look like propaganda . 
  oh silly me , the article is from forbes.com the news source that sees greed as admirable and poverty as a side effect of social policy and the lack of ambition . 
   the labour government of gordon brown sank gbp45 .2 bn ( usd72 .3 bn ) into rbs and yet the demand that it sell off branches means its value is just gbp35bn ( usd56bn ) . 
  the old , `` if we do n't stop them from delapidating we wo n't get our money back '' argument . 
  a classic of being to caught up in the trees to see the forest . 
  politicians today are so scared of change and political rhetoric that they happily sacrifice macroeconomic sanity for the sake of the state budget . 
   given the rise of on-line or internet banking many of the leading five uk clearing banks have divested or shut branches anyway ... in the on-line age the need for a physical branch is rapidly losing its significance . 
  but somehow traditional companies still dominate online and are threatened by any measure that would limit their real life oligopoly.this argument is purely emotional , along the lines , of `` with the * new internets * and *.com s * making all the new money let the old guy enjoy his old fashioned ways , while they still can . '', 
   it would be a better step if instead of playing to the crowd with fine sounding one liners or five second slogans an effort was made to think about the debate over a full hour . 
  great advice , now the author should replace `` crowd '' with `` my readers '' and take it himself . 
   bte block potential entrants from freely entering a market profitably . 
  they protect the market share of the incumbent firms so allowing the preservation of supernormal or monopoly profits in the long run . 
  in short the market is less contestable . 
  something true , but as any entrepreneur can tell you barriers of entry ( you do n't need an acronym for it , only if you want to be pretentious ) are just the start and its effects are limited over medium term , some would argue that they are filter against weak business models with insufficient liquidity and prevent them from entering and overcrowding the bottom end of the market with unsustainable options , but that is another debate . 
  what is not debatable is that a saturated , highly regulated market is a much bigger hurdle for new companies . 
  you could deregulate it , but that would just make the industry more dangerous as i ` ts capacity to self regulate are have been proven to be severely lacking and there is no guarantee that the oligopoly wo n't develop internal mechanism to prevent up-and-comers for threatening their position . 
  option 2 is limit saturation , it has its side effects but if you consider the goal : the health of the market in the long term - it is the best option . 
   this is a hot political potato that is going to be given plenty more cooking time as the election ... just 16 months away draws near . 
  no it is n't a political issue , only with the dawn of neo conservatives being advocated of `` save the corporation , save the country '' has the economy become a pseudopolitical subject , people should not be put into this false dichotomy of economic freedom or social responsibility , because these to are linked ( you ca n't sustainably fund social issues without the first and a system without social measures is illegitimate politically ) , and any form of debate on these pseudo subjects just masks how lobbied conservative measures are and how populist liberal measures are . 
  itt : chauvinist that do n't want to share the eu prestige with another easterner and mask it by pretending to care about ukrainian sovereignty and young idealist who want to satisfy their fantasy about a unified europa but mask it as concern for pro western ukrainians . 
   look at the comments on reddit for example any time there is a protest here , the vast majority of the top comments are insulting them in some way or another . 
  or talking about how police action was justified or that `` we do n't know the full picture '' . 
  what are you subscribed to ? 
   this is just politics for most people when you wo n't be able to afford heating your house and food in the same month , you do n't talk about politics . 
  this is about a bureaucratic ruling class that sacrifices progress and their citizens well being because they do n't want to lose power . 
  a generation x and y that refuses to shut up and take the status quo , because they know what could be . 
  i suppose you could extend the meaning of poliitics , to reframe it in a historical , philosophic and social context so this would qualify as politics , but in that case these movements not only qualify as real politics , but because they are real paradigm shifts that define generations and change the future of nations are more `` political '' than any of our democratic pseudointelectual rhetoric carried out by wealthy politicians and moderated by sensationalist journalists . 
  all of our `` politics '' are pale , lack vigor , motive , they seem to be a charade , a puppet show interpreting the real thing , a lie we are satified with and accept as sufficient . 
  pesky plebs , how dare they !, 
  exactly , and that glorification affects their judgement , sorry dude , i do n't get frustrated by social injustice . 
  so did slavery and absolute monarchies but we kinda agree that they are n't good ideas . 
  every thing you said is valid , but from my perspective , those visits cost money , and usually you leave some wine and some pastry out for the priest to enjoy . 
  but if you do n't participate in the ritual you are chastised and both the priest and your neighbors look at you like your are having a orgy with the devil himself . 
  religiousness does not mean guaranteed morality , in fact in most cases the more his moral authority goes uncontested ( he is contested by his superiors for his actions , politically not morally ) , the more his ego decides what is and what is n't right . 
  a truly moral preacher can see how selfish and abusive manipulating voters is , while a self righteous egomaniac considers that the he is beyond fault and therefor the act of doing something makes it morally legitimate . 
  also those chats , are exactly the opposite of physiotherapy , instead of assurance and acceptance of ones faults they are used to shame and control , especially in a small rural community where the preacher has a loose tongue and a drinking habit . 
  and high church officials listen to high political officials they are as disconnected from the public as royalty , and as royalty they 're decision to support one candidate or another is incontestable by the rest of the church . 
  really do n't want to start a religious debate because that is not my point , despite being a atheist i do n't care about peoples beliefs , but i believe that organised religion ( churches , clergy , doctrines ) has been the most destructive and limiting creation of of human imagination trough all of written history . 
  they are the only institution that is untouchable by the press , by the public , by politicians and even tax collectors . 
  it is unhealthy psychologically for a person to be so beyond reproach but still be considered a moral rock . 
  debatable , republicans are assholes in the same way democrats are hedons or fiscally irresponsible , they are perceived this way only because of the political juxtaposition . 
  the church ultimately is made of people , that happen to enjoy a privileged moral position . 
  some people see this as a moral obligation to be better that the rest of us , others use this to make personal gains . 
  political figures realize that religious support is the poor man 's pr , and as i previously stated some preachers are n't above that . 
  after a while this type of behavior becomes systemic ( long tangent , i wo n't go into it ) and as religious leaders realize how dependant politicians are and use that to inact social `` reform '' , because they truly believe that this would be for the best . 
  and because they lived most of their lives in a moral high ground they `` know '' they hold the moral `` truth '' . 
  have you seen the one about the [ exorcist in ukraine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk65kdavnxi ) , really hit home that one , yo see how the self strives for hope and acceptance despite living in a indifferent arbitrary reality . 
  long story short , without starting metaphysical debates , poverty and ignorance are optimal conditions for spiritual predators , some are official and present themselves as ortodox preachers others are modern evangelists that do it for the money , despite identifying as ortodox i am quite certain they are not , they are simple naive people that lived hard lives according to a culturally rigid code of conduct , and now are confronted with a increasingly unrecognizable post-existential world and seek understanding and solidarity in the first `` institution '' they encounter . 
  no , corruption , cronyism and evangelism got in the way, 
  did n't they maintain a clause after annexation that puts them in a privileged position to do so ? 
  very interesting , thanks for the feedback, 
  then why not let them go , beyond the nationalist bullshit , does madrid have any valid arguments ? 
  in this limited context both believe their nation is oppressed by the eu, 
  i blame the church , putin was always authoritarian but the totalitarian aspect only became apparent in this mandate , since he became closer to the russian church to gather public support after he barely `` won '' the last election . 
  this brotherhood of politics and church is quite prevalent in my country to , and its disturbing how well they can stifle liberalism and cultural progression . 
  what would happen with spain 's budget if catalonia and the basque country would seccede ? 
  how would scottish independence affect the balance between conservative and labour in the rest of the uk ? 
  because the other party cares even less about privacy and basically believe the us is mandated by god to rule the earth, 
   that a neo-nazi party is on the march , funny how his message was actually compatible with their rethoric, 
  because it 's expensive to offer services in 23 diferent languages , to 28 different cultures that vary in behavior . 
  on the other side , if the eu would be as interested to tech as it is to agriculture maybe we would grow a tech scene that does n't need silicon valley 's framework and vc . 
  also related ted talk : [ about the goverment 's crucial role in tech developemnt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r1ipsldbbg ), 
  why do people think i 'm referring to skin color , in a community you know what house is jewish , who are muslim or christian . 
  and in practice a teenage muslim will be perceived differently than a christian one . 
  italians are doing very well , sweden and the uk could learns some things about fiscal responsibility and social progress from them apparently . 
  but are distinguishable by the community they live in . 
  again are muslims and christians really in the same position ? 
   i expect that the uk will end the quantitative easing programme within the next 12 months i 'll take that bet , but i honestly hope you 're right . 
  exactly , move outside of the eu , but the eu is the second biggest market in the world , so they would have to choose if they want to make money from financial services ( that would have been exempt under a certain value under the french tax model ) or derivatives juggling ( which does n't produce organic economic growth so we do n't need it anyway ) . 
  again it 's not about the actual tax income , it 's about presenting a unified front . 
  i would love a lib dem uk to balance out socialist france or conservative germany , hell i 'd even be ok with a progressive tory , but not a political puppet like cameron . 
  every move he makes is to appease his septuagenarian electorate ( i know the appearance of new britain he is pushing but his actions scream god king and country ), 
   retail banking from wholesale banking you mean comercial banking from finacial services ? 
   whether it has been a good policy remains to be seen .
