  western society is basically is a monolith of homogeneous political views for anyone below the age of 30 . 
  and that is very dangerous . 
  there is no opposition and when it appears it is lumped together with the crazies or discarded on principle making actual dialog imposible . 
  ( fuck it , bring on the downvotes ) no , shit like this is what causes mass fractures between two sides of the argument . 
  this black or white type of thinking . 
  plurality it the key , not a very effective `` key '' but the only truly fair `` key '' . 
  giving serbia a seat of equal standing to the austria hungarian empire , germany and russia that is the key . 
  currently federalists are just demagogues , they will give jobs , growt and solidarity * all you ever wanted just stick with the plan , do n't think trough the details . 
  we 'll fix them when we have all the power . 
  * skeptics just ask : * but how ? 
  * and then rant about nationalism cultural identity and muslims . 
  we currently have only 2 voices in the eu that is not plurality and to call that unity is immensely disrespectful . 
  i was not talking about social classes but about countries . 
  strong economies obliterate weak ones . 
  that is why most of the new capitalist economies are based on mild tacherism , while older economies are perfectly functional despite bot abiding by neocon guidelines . 
  grecce is a excellent example of heterogeneous capital based growth without a multisectotrial development strategy . 
  it is an excellent example of how in the eu , powerfull countries get to grow their whole economy and smaller ones get `` sectorial '' development which leaves them under macroeconomic stress when the the global economy shifts . 
  actually only the poor get screwed in a unbalanced market . 
  best case scenario there would be 7 highways . 
  7 national contracts . 
  currently 41 counties - 41 local contracts why do you think that what highways we do have are chopped into easy to share segments . 
  the infrastructure issue is more about the maintenance contracts that are `` contracted '' to friends of established politicians which would dwindle if we had freeways . 
  the romanian political class is a tumor , foreign money only feeds it and keeps their abuse tolerable by the people . 
  i think without the eu and the reasonably good working economy romania would have turned to extremism in the early 2000s . 
  i think the eu cares more about the eu than actual standards of government and democracy within it 's members and they prefer a complacent public and ruling class made out of `` yes men '' than a working government that may want to have autonomy on the continental stage . 
  this is a notion you should keep in mind as the epps charge for federalism will leave behind the disenfranchised and push forward with corrupt and incompetent local politicians . 
  and like always , political scavengers will rise up and unite those people under the banners of extremism . 
  or you could look at this way , our politicians are only stealing 25 % of the money they could be taking . 
  that money is only accessed if you already have money of your own , honest people do n't have money . 
  it depends , it 's wrong that it 's not really auctioned out nor negotiated with specific modernising clauses it 's just done to get rid of it and we will be headed on italy 's path where the goverment needs to reintervene and subsidise the people 's electric bills because nobody negotiated a invesment in sustainability in the long term . 
  but as resources go , the income we get from production will increase substantially . 
  it 's more about how manny businesses can the internal market actually sustain . 
  that is a huge issue with growing markets the capital rotation is very slow due to very small disposable income . 
  any influx of capital is either squandered on experiments in `` new '' industries or directed towards already established industries . 
  sound like a good deal , in terms of competency in our officials we did n't really improve much in the last 20 years so russian financed authoritarianism sounds pretty good . 
  i meant safety standards , not polutions standards ( those can be ajusted after the car leaves the factory ) are n't the safety regulations crazy over there ? 
  i do n't care about karma , the number of foreign corespondents is continouly decreasing , only large outlets can afford the costs , the rest just `` share '' the news , like with politics more doen not mean more plurality . 
  foreign corespondents are hearded like cattle and paraded to wherever the regime wants . 
  actual reporting comes from local sources or fixers . 
  i can not point to what the purpose of syria is ( aldough i have my suspicions ) but it would be interesting to note that the white house made the accusation ( i am not saying there is even a chance that they made it up ) , trough a press release . 
  it was not a news outlets discovery , most local `` sources '' are disregarded by the media until the government gives them validity . 
  but there is war , just not a western one , have you considered that maybe it best serves us-saudi interest that radical sunnis do n't exchange bullets with americans in both iraq and syria . 
  while any american deployment in the region would raise up in arms both the egiptians ( at least the radicals ) pakistanys and iranians and that is something the saudi sunnis definetly do n't want . 
  yes this is in hidsight but i think any other way to interpret international policies is falacious , we simply do not have enough information while things are happening . 
  and after a while of just looking at things according to consequnces and not propaganda certain coincidences start to become observable , you find that `` accidents '' and other random events tend to favor people that invest a lot in inteligence . 
  is the media free if they follow ideological lines ( not acusing glenn beck here but more cnbc ) ? 
  should n't freedom create more plurality in discourse rather than strangely familiar camps that tend to be more interested in stroking the egos of the audience rather than reporting or informing ? 
  now of course you can take the targeted nature of journalism and argue that the ideological camps already exist so the press is just molding to it , but if that where the case , would n't things like corporate state enforced privileges aggravate both the liberals and the capitalists ? 
  would n't state surveillance aggravate both the individualists and the civil liberties men ? 
  funny that the discussions are directed against each other instead of their best interest and against the state . 
  i agree on that point , in fact i think that most countries have a standard of living where organic ethnic tensions are impossible . 
  and they where used by the rulling class to divide society way before cuba was a thing . 
  and regarding the ukraine , i think it 's a partnership . 
  the us needed a win ( or at least to rejustify the good guy position ) on the international stage and russia needed a win at home . 
  of course you will ask but why risk the sanctions . 
  if you have a highly concentrated state runned economy sanctions are not that bad and actually without foreign capital you gain more control and profits from your companies . 
  regarding exports russia knows it ca n't relly on the eu in the long term and in the short term the eu does n't have much of a choice . 
  worst case scenario they still have close ties with the worls strongest economy , china . 
  i think modern industrialism ( government enforsted monopolies or oligopolies ) is colonial in origin . 
  until then the city industrialists where very much against monarchies and vice versa . 
  but with the very high cost of the colonial arms race the new guys ( england and netherlands ) realised than if they would work together with industrialists they can not only compete but profit from what would be fundamentally other people 's work . 
  because when dealing with issues like the middle east you have ultra liberals that cry for palestine or zionists . 
  instead of intervening with a peace keeping force like you would do in other etnic conflicts like africa . 
  the existing dichotomy is created more to split common sense and assure reason does not prevail and both sides are incapable of winning definitely because it would mean the other side 's rhetoric is steam rolled out of the conversation along side it 's reasonable and moderate supporters . 
  once you understand that the same people are behind policy and the large scale economy you 're half way there . 
  the other half is understanding that power and control lead people into social engineering . 
  so not negesarally poison but involuntary hormonal treatments or other forms of domestication are not really that far fetched . 
  that map is good to see how governments treat undesired reporters and in that regard yes , the west is much more gentle . 
  some shut you down with police others by restricting capital so that your boss tells you to drop the case . 
  i think after the issue of how the new york times handled the war in iraq backlash against wikileaks and leakers and trully independent press you are very naive to think that there is a free press . 
  it was just fallacious to point out the ridiculousness of your demand . 
  the fact that you do n't realise how blind you are to other sides exeplifies just how monolitic they are . 
  no , i did not say that the lack of evidence is evidence . 
  i said that your expectation for the author to come up with a motorised cia confession is ridiculous when dealing with such issues . 
  actually it was a plead to not be a idiot and understand that shit is more complicated than good v evil . 
  the western media is a monolitic block when dealing with international issues . 
  not negesaraly out of political interests but incompetence . 
  the cia was a puppet master during the cold war and since then they only increased their activity and budged . 
  if there was evidence they would not be earning their paycheck now would they . 
  the point of covert ops is to not leave obvious evidence . 
  i agree that the author is as starved of factual information as any of us are , that is the point just because one point of view is embraced by the media does n't make it true and beyond that you should look at who has to gain and treat all parties as nefarious . 
   students of history ' of course being those that read ` dissident voice ' , not the sheeple brainwashed by the monolithic ` western media ' . 
  and never mind all the other covert destabilisation operations sponsored by the kgb and the soviet union , those did n't happen . 
  your counter argument is literally `` but they do it to ... '' i agree that the article like most conspiracy theories is trash , to much grasping at straws to little common sense . 
  but you are shooting the messager for no other reason than you hate taking the message seriously . 
  there are no clear bad guys . 
  all interested parties do shity things . 
  the media has no investigative branch any more , they report what `` sources '' give them . 
  it 's easy to put on your social justice hat and fight the guys that started the pain , but leaders are not hollywood bad guys with more ego than common sense and modern conflicts are not that clear cut , more often than not the man that fires the first show is forced by consequence to do so , and the one who initiated the conflict is the one that knows he can win it and eventually does win . 
  you clearly have n't seen my comment history . 
  i mean it 's black and white because the main `` good guys '' want peace , and it 's easier to judge the `` bad guys '' when they pull shit like giving heavy weponry to rebels , having a idiot like rogozin for a spokesperson or ejaculating half-digested propaganda on rt. 
  i seriously doubt the germans sometimes . 
  honestly , us vs middle easterned autoritarian countries is worst , there are no good guys there , this is much more of a black and white conflict , this also makes us forget the us is in it only for themselfs . 
  because they know how to mind their own business . 
  and they do n't have the egos of other politicians . 
  and that is still a pervasive world view for most americans , one that you internalised , we do n't give a fuck about historical rhetoric , we invented crazy political rethoric , but we do n't still cling to it ( except for the french , they are weird ), 
  have you ever talked to a conservative that was n't bat shit crazy and asked why he dislikes liberals ? 
  i wonder if there is colleration between nationalist pride and not feeling like a eu citizen . 
  ouch , burn ... 
  it 's ingrained in your culture , i 'm not talking about believing in it , i 'm talking about the dichotomy of america needs to seed to world with freedom ( conservatives ) or social justice ( liberals ) .
