  how about you , would you argue that the fascist that prostested in kiev against the ukrainian minister of internal affairs are right ? 
  the government should use force against the protesters ? 
  what would make this abuse more legitimate than the former government attempts to silence opposition . 
  just the fact that this time the goverment is on your side of the argument ? 
  so a pro russian region is supposed to remain under kiev 's authority just because russia is evil ? 
  any separatist at any time has the right to reject it 's current government . 
  why do you support the current government attempt to suppres protests but you condemened it when the former goverment did it . 
  it is the same thing , both those protesters and these protesters think they are doing the right thing . 
  are they supported by russia , of course they are any revolution since the invention of inteligence services is . 
  people lack spontaneous organisation . 
  but that does n't make it any less legitimate . 
  without rethoric , ideology is hard to swallow , and without the high of ideology people would see governmental actions for what they are . 
  is it ? 
  they are both anti american . 
  i am sure pakistan 's pro goverment rethoric is similar with is pro war propaganda . 
  on global issues borders are pointless . 
  if you will , it is a indicator that foreign interest are a priority when it comes to the agenda of national media . 
  you must be old fellow if you think i use `` society '' to refer only to romania . 
  i am young , and maybe because of this i do not care about nations , but i genuinely think you should open you mind and see how much of internal politicies and phenomenon match perfectly global tendecies . 
  i was not arguing principles , or the law in question , i was just underlining a tendency . 
  we used to be free , limited only by our money and time , and sometimes the state would intervene and limit that freedom if our actions intervened with other peoples freedom . 
  now the immediate response is , do we really need that , nobody actually suffers as a consequence , is it really that important . 
  we regressed from teenagers that get punished to that of kindergartners that need express permission . 
  we now have to abide by principles just because they are given by the authority figure without any consideration to their legitimacy . 
  i am not commenting on the measure per se but the slow progression toward absolutism that comes along with our passivity and comfort . 
  the state is no longer a guardian but is responsible for all individuals . 
  and that is fundamentally wrong because you make society unsustainable without the state , making that state perpetual until complete collapse occurs . 
  i disagree but beyond that i find it irelevant , protests are equally legitimate regardless of the reasons behind them , be it because of propaganda or money , the reason people oppose something is less important than the actual opposition . 
  that land and the consequences is the responsibility of the people living there , not bucharestian officials , or chevron . 
  but unfortunetly like in the case of rosia montana the wishes of the locals come second to the wishes of the nation.but unlike that case , fraking does have a massive enviromental impact , but unfortunatly it 's not as `` sharable '' of a subject as stray dogs or cianide . 
  sorrz about that my chrome extension usually prevents me from posting clones , i guess the initial op posted it under a new imgur address, 
   when you change the news , you substitute yourself for the journalists , editors and publishers which try to chose the proper words to reflect a story . 
  precisely , the story is n't that human trafficking decreased , that is n't important , that is just a pr communicate , the story is that there have been 876 cases reported within the last year , more than 2 per day . 
  it is n't a belief , it is a fact backed by a article runned by a established news outlet , i simply gave you what i think should be the right context in which this article should be viewed . 
  i did not mislead you , the article does this out of journalistic policy , not accuracy , the issue is that human trafficking is still an big problem in romania , but a journalistic investigation would be pointless . 
  every news article is presented in a context , some to make you click them , others are ment to offend as few people as possible , mine are to bridge the gap between foreign myopia and local realities . 
  is n't this why you came to / r/europe , to find out what local reality is like beyond the headlines ? 
  because this is the kind of issue that deserves to be editorialized . 
  human trafiking is not a unemployment , you do n't celabrate that you have less cancer than the year before , the issue is you still have cancer . 
  i was gentle , the title should be , ** romania : hundreds of cases of human trafficking reported , real numbers unknown , law makers aplaud themselfs for declining numbers despite basically doing nothing . 
  ** ( i say this as a european , our prostitution and begger rings would be intolerable in any western country , but here the gypsy crime bosses are drinking buddies with local law enforcement and have ministers on their speed dial and as godfathers ) sorry for editorializing but this , unlike rosia montana , kiling stray dogs and other bullshit news , this really is a important issue . 
  however we are so accustomed with it that we accept it as a unavoidable fact of having a incompetent and corrupt goverment . 
  slightly pro-european at the moment, 
  that was kinda the point . 
  my country 's government officials find ridiculous things to be proud of , sometimes the things they brag about are actually tragic , but neither they , the myopic media or the semi retarded population that consumes that media , can see beyond the statistics . 
  i disagree , nato is build as an extension of us interest . 
  as a preventive measure it still works , but increasing military spending and shifting the model as a european solution is pointless and quite counterproductive as it would alienate diplomatic measures and alienate our potential enemies , that are for the most part anti american . 
  the geopolitical reality makes us dependand on the us . 
  we simply ca n't afford ( in money and time to research ) a big enough army to make it actually effective , no country can except for the big 5 . 
  because the 2 hours , this spending increase , will postpone the russian army is more important than infrastructure , education , justice , sustainability , healthcare or research . 
  fuck reactionary politics , if you change strategy according to headlines you 're retarded and everyone that supports those reactionary policies is dumber than you are . 
  it 's not the metadata that makes the surveilence dangerous . 
  its the ability to pick up individuals is what sets appart the us , and is beyond the ability of eu countries . 
   `` you dont just invade a ( white ) country based on trumped up charges and faulty intelligence . '', 
  ftfy  it is likely going to lose crimea crimea does not belong to ukraine , or russia , it belong to the people that live there and they prefered russia ( not based on the referendum but based on the support they manifested during the occupation )  there is a huge difference between a diplomatic intervention and a military intervention . 
  to intervene yes , to give a shit not really . 
  as i initially said , sending a platoon is enough to call it support and leaving a country in disarray with a void of political power is good enough to call it mission accomplished . 
  [ not happening . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuzgx46x4tg ) , geopolitics is one thing but the issue is domestic , any decision made in this direction would assure a huge boost in political power to the oposite party , it would be polical suicide for ohio representative ( some of which have been ruling for more than 30 years ( that 's democracy right there ) ), 
  the us got most of the rebuilding contracts and all of the production facilities use american licences . 
  what comitment ? 
  all of nato 's activity is decided by the us . 
  they could easaly cut in half their military budget and still be the most powerfull military alliance on earth . 
  sorry but this is political bullshit . 
  nato is not stoping the spending cuts , it is just a scapegoat . 
  when i say moral , i am not passing ethical judgement . 
  i am against foreign intervention out of principle . 
  by moral i am refering to this self created position of guardian of the free world . 
  because without the aura of defender of freedom a lot of us measures would not be acceptable . 
  you previously mentioned that the us is not the only one that has a foreign intelligence agenda , true but they are the only ones that do n't hide it and proclaim it 's a morally righteous action . 
  storing = / = procesing at a individual level , the uk simply does not have the resources to filter trough all their intel , and up until recently used private contractors to do their dirty business . 
  which i am morally ok with , the us however filters indiscriminately and without any judicial oversight , the sheer potential for abuse is massive and it makes a real democracy imposible due to the fact that nobody is squeaky clean . 
  so did north korea twice , nato is the us , a peacekeeping un would not only require china and russia to approve but would force them to participate . 
   the us will advocate its interests even if it does no have a military treaty what interests where threatened ? 
  i know it 's a recent subject but try to treat it objectively . 
  the issue was russia abusing a `` free country '' , the us would have lost face if they remained pasive , that protector suit would have cracked . 
  it was not a nato treaty that protected ukraine and so it wo n't be a nato treaty that will protect the baltic states , of course it helps but it is a formality . 
  not as much fault as consequence and not partnership but rather a cordial opposition . 
  the germans took russian buling with a smile on their face because they needed the cheap gas . 
  if they did n't have a small american army stationed in their country their reaction would have been less cooperative . 
  saudi arabia , colombia , iraq , ( just look at new licences for oil companies and it 's a safe bet they have troops stationed there ) pakistan is a bigger threat than anything else , both the us and pakistan knows this but you ca n't really protect yourself from a nuclear enemy , so you need to keep them close because they are relatively insignificant makes them not really worth anything to russia ( no offence ) . 
  even if they would spend 100 % of their gdp they still could n't put up a fight , it really is n't about budged . 
  its european partners reduce spending because that is what normal contries do in times of peace . 
  the us however invents new wars just to justify it 's dominance . 
  it 's not exactly a partnership if your most important ally gets into more wars in the last 10 years than you had in the last 60 . 
  again , france does n't need protection from the american military . 
  nato has not been called on in french conflicts except maybe lybia , but from what i understand the former european companies have been replaced with american ones by the new regime , so i do n't find even that conflict abigous about its fortunate externalities . 
  but the us is the only one that decides who is the `` enemy of the free world '' and has the audacity to call modern crusades against them . 
  more intrusive , no sorry , they do n't have the money for that . 
  and i was never under the illusion that when it comes to inteligence abuses the us was alone , but as a antistatist , my opinions are invalid until they become headlines . 
  us abuse tends to be less tactfull , they are in a position where nobody oposes them so when they want something they get it . 
  kinda like russia , but they do it in the name of democracy , not homophobia . 
  i was just presenting my analysis . 
  in my opinion any foreign military intervention sould be banned or done only under the flag of the un . 
  under that reasoning why did the us react to crimea ? 
  treaties are worthless in world with 24 ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ news media . 
  the same reasoning they have to protect ukraine would aply to the baltics the rest is diplomatic bullshit . 
  history is not made out of paper , but because men with power wish it so . 
  i think all eastern european issues are more of an eu issue than us issue . 
  and here i agree , the expectancy that the us will fix shit is the primary cause we do not have a military treaty and a cleared diplomatic balance with russia .
