  and because we lacked any other form of coesive identity we took that and made it our own , further distancing ourself from others just because they where born in other places . 
  fundamentally we all are human beings , nationalism only puts down arbitrary barriers between us based on history and culture . 
  it has no place in the future , we either unite and grow together as a global society or continue random wars based on arbitrary differences between us until there is only one person left certain of the superiority of his identity because there is no one left to challenge it . 
  i know , i lack the apologist gene . 
  romanian means shit , it got much worst , nationalism was just the cover for an abusive government . 
  and those peasants brought to the city where to impressed by having indoor pluming to argue economics with the government . 
  fascism is not a problem , abuse is , one of the added benefits of totalitarianism is accelerate development . 
  the side effects of that advancement is the lack of substance that both i and maiorescu complain about . 
  the difference between our complaints and yours , is that we accuse contemporary development , while you excuse the 60 's generations inertia and push the blame back before our time . 
  every status quo is the product of of its previous 3 generations i.e the people that are still living . 
  any inheritance delusion is just a defeatist delusion uses temporal form of the argument , `` we got it this way , what where we supposed to do about it . '', 
  no , the comunists made them this way , religiousness is just a side effect of hopelessness and ignorance . 
  no , because like grecce ee doesn not have the will to change , former inefective industries are protected by politicians . 
  and when politicians do not act they hold their employees jobs for randsom . 
  modern day politics is n't about bulding the future , it is for conserving the past and those who can not adapt to the present . 
  no , high productivity means big output vs small input , if you account for the imense cost of reforming ( no goverment subsidies allowed , you do n't have the money ) the energy system makes that input skyrockets . 
  i give you employment aldough any major investment gives you that . 
  trade balance !??!, 
  if my product is financed with old school coal energy , and your product uses new green energy but is more expensive do you honeslty belive anybody would buy yours , just for the ego boost ? 
  green energy is a no brainer if you have aconsensus , a lot of money and want to plan ahead . 
  no , nobody prefers a long term investment over a short term one . 
  you could discover cold fusion in the next 50 years , go to another world war in the next 20 , or cheap bio fuels in the next 10 years , heck even if we find a huge deposit of oil . 
  say your neighboor asks you for the money to buy a new prius , ans says every euro i save on fuel i 'll use to pay you back , after some calculation you reason that in 19 to 25 years you + ll get the money back , would you give him the moeny out of the sheer kindness of your heart ? 
  i do n't think that is a big issue , i think paying for medical services is more than fair , and only if the doctor refuses to provide care to a patient in a life or death situation should it be frowened upon , but i 'll try to fix that to , can i be cynical ? 
  we have to many doctors , there are thousands graduating every years , the system treats graduates as replaceable siringes , in most hospitals there is a 3 tier hierarchy , the system can not sustain all of the graduates , if they do n't leave to practivce medicine outside the country they create a private practice and become pushers for the pharmacological industry . 
  less doctors means biger demand and more money for those who stay in the sistem . 
  i means the system would need to be streamlined . 
  of course this will mean less care in the short term , but it would force reform on a system that is very stuck up in its ways and after that reform the system could regrow in a organic way . 
  also jail everyone that runned the national insurance company in the last 20 years . 
  also i think the braindrain argument is nationalistic , socialist and morally unfair for those who leave . 
  they do not owe you healthcare , they do however owe themselves a chance at a decent life . 
  hindsight is 20/20 so lets make an article about it funny how apologetic everybody was after 9.11 , and only tin hat wearing conspiracy theorists cried out against the security vs freedom exchange everybody was more than happy to make and are still making without their knowledge . 
   it sucks to be in a society that has to rely on bounty-hunters for justice to be delivered really , i would trust my neighbor over a government tool , any day of the week, 
  no , young idealist , no , this is not the time for low return investment , you need requlifications , entrepreneurial financing , service industry growth , all this combined with developing high margin industries . 
  anything that you can sell to the rest of the eu and get masive amounts of capital in return . 
  why is this important now !, 
  this smells rotten with fidesz propaganda just in time for the elections in april that will feature a single round of voting and elect a parliament with the total number of seats slashed by almost half ; all this in accodance with the new constitution fidesz passed . 
  it 's going to be basically a rape of democracy check it out if your interested http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014, 
  socialists are bad at crisis mangement , jk their main industries are quite uncompetitive when a there is a shock in expendable income in foreign markets . 
  all this combines with a much more weaker internal demand , due to high taxation and low average productivity , and gives you a fragile economy that is burned by increased social policies . 
  you sound kinda smart so i wo n't sugar coat it , all are problems are from communism , they erased everything that was upper class related , moral pillars of comunitites , artists , thinkers and entrepreneurs , and with them the tradition and spirit that they radiated . 
  everyone who is over 40 is a hack ( finished school during comunism ) , is incompetent and a burden on society , but despite this he has most of the political power and financial power . 
  this limits reform , the entrepreneurial opportunities and fucks up government services from passing a law to running state orphanages . 
  tldr , during a average day , you are very unlikely to meet someone ( in romania ) who 's great grandparents finished highschool or had running water ( lived in the city ) regardless of who you are . 
  thank you for that , waterfuck was both angering me and bumming me out at the same time . 
  i do n't mean to be mean , but those are such `` white people govermental problems '' , enjoy them seriously , you would be bored without them, 
   the government is committed to the cause , and can not do a u-turn now . 
  i bet hitler said that after he finished of poland, 
  but it ca n't be organised in time for the lesgislative elections anyway . 
  politicians are more figureheads than actual individual thinkers that power their actions trough beliefs . 
  in general if a `` strategic move '' sounds right and the side that initiates it benefits from it despite not having any structural effect i tend to thing it was ment that way , there are few thing in the games grown-ups play that is left to chance . 
   in terms of the larger defense policy questions , while there would be some advantages to having a smaller , more cohesive and more integrated europe , a british exit from europe would severely hamper the continent 's global outlook . 
  britain 's experience in diplomacy and international affairs , including its seat in the un security council , its able military , its championship of free trade , and its function as a bridge over the atlantic are critical assets . 
  i do n't see it , yes if the eu would follow the interventionist path of the us , strongholding the un , blackmailing with free trade and threatening with american might the uk whould have a important role . 
  but tha is n't the path i think the eu should take or will be taking , giving this context , either the uk lets go of it 's diplomatic arrogance and joince forces with the rest of the eu to form a unified diplomatic front to solve international issues , or conserves its delusional role of a mojor player and continues to hold america 's ammunition pouch . 
  who are grecce 's creditors currently , excluding the bailout money ? 
  how about 12 bilion in direct investments over the next 8 years rather that just treating it like a junkie cousin stringing him along until he needs his next fix . 
  interesting we do n't have that position but i doubt james wharton , is anything more than a punching bag when conservative issues are unpopular . 
  give people a break , the government does n't give a shit about them , the sex is surely boring if it exists at all ( between spouses i mean ) , their jobs are miserable , their salary marginally livable , at least god still likes them ( despite everything i just said that would normally make a rational person reach the opposite conclusion ), 
  in other news the uk 's pm wastes everybody 's time with a faux bill trying to convince euroskeptics to vote conservative, 
  corruption is basically a redistribution of capital according to influence/power . 
  the problem is n't human greed , but poverty and famine that undermines the need for self preservation . 
  punish corruption like manslaughter and mandate citizens to bring forth open-shut cases ( with evidence , candid camera would suffice ) and award them a bounty . 
  as soon as the risk of ruin becomes palpable , most will become stop taking bribes for fear of losing their decent way of life . 
  now in poor countries , that measure will have little to no effect , people take bribes because they have no skills , are easilly replaceable , they are political chess pieces that use their position to get what they can , before the next guy comes and takes their seat but despite this have a lot of power/influence , so the solution is reduce influence / bureaucracy , make all state allotted contracts public , and streamline governmental processes . 
  most people that give bribes give them because there is only one way ( trough one person ) to resolve an issue , and that way can be done by the book or fast and easy . 
  make alternatives and the number of people that will pay will drop significantly . 
  ( do n't be surpise if state empoyees riot and ask for higher wages ), 
  you do n't battle corruption on such a systemic scale , like drug consumption , prostitution or poverty it is a organic consequence of the environment , fighting it on a case by case basis would be pointless and extremely expensive . 
  interesting , i always tough that initially they where , aldough i am thinking of pre habsburg era , but i am probably wrong , never payd to much attention to national history , there where always more interesting events in other places of the world . 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/17/transylvanian_principality.svg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:partium1570.png, 
  why the fuck is crisana , satu mare and baia mare different provinces ? 
  are they to proud to be part of the principality of transylvania ? 
  why is n't making children live on the streets considered child abuse ? 
  any well intentioned parent would prefer the state to take care of the child rather than live and beg on the streets . 
  especially in romania , we indiscriminately offer money to parents just for having children , the sum is ridiculously low , but still for 3 to 5 children is is enough to support a alcoholic parent that will neglect or even beat those children , would n't that money serve the children better if you took them away from a toxic enviroment and raise them in a state run institution ? 
  of course there is the issue with abuses in orphanages but they can be improved , if the focus is put on the quality of care they offer . 
  if you include a advance educational program and develop special housing you could break the cycle of neglect , vagrancy , joblessness and having children that you ca n't support . 
  yes , mainly because you already use the dollar as a reference point in trade and you get the benefits of single currency without the effort and the risk . 
  i do recommend keeping your national currencies , but it would ease trade if exchange rates would be fixed , and the easiest way is to peg them to a more powerful one ( it could be the peso , the real , the yuan or a monetary basket [ of all of them ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_currency_unit ) ) , i recomend the dollar because it is the largest reserve currency in the world therefor very stable ( less susceptible to market influence or political unrest ) . 
  integrating into one single currency is a one way road ( at this time ) by comparison you can always return to a flee floating national currency ( unpeg it from the dollar ) if times are hard or you need a market reset ( like grecce and spain need ) so there are n't a lot of risks , and the only main advantage of the single currency is the psychological feeling of solidarity . 
  that would be horrible , the only thing that worked in our favor in the last 10 years is the conservative monetary policy of our national bank , without that , and cheap credit i truly fear the shithole our politicians will crash us into . 
  thanks for the reminder that i can only vote for expired local politicians that are so corrupt and are so unelectable that they ca n't secure a free meal ticket in regular national elections and which in no way will represent my political views . 
  do not do it until you have solved your social issues . 
  unify the ideological views of the big 3 and create a free movement and trade whit the smaller countries . 
  do not create a single currency , use the dollar . 
  and eventually fixe your local currencies to it to increase the ease of transactions . 
  use proximity to china and nafta to your advantage . 
  buy cheap sell expensive . 
  socialism , nationalism and all populist tendencies will lead to failure . 
  be mature about it . 
  stop taking what basescu says serious , please !, 
  this was a political statement and also a jab at the current prime minister , he is a worst racist than any bavarian , we are sorry for him , but we lack respectable politicians . 
   the worst thing you can do to a romanian is call him a gipsy . 
  i disagree , calling me a lazy , good for nothing begger is far more ofensive  most of romanians hate them . 
  travel to serbia and hungary , and learn what racist hate is like . 
   as a child i was beaten by gipsys a lot of times , i was bullied in school . 
  most of us where , guess what some of us fought back . 
  and did n't blame children that grew up in violent families for beeing violent , and generalised a whole etnic group on that basis . 
   like telling the teachers resulted in 20 roma people waiting for me outside the school .
